PARENTS have been warned not to let children use the website Wikipedia unsupervised after an entry on a popular children 's book was edited to contain pornographic material .
Sexual and violent acts between characters were added last week to the online plot summary for Mrs Frisby And The Rats Of NIMH , which is recommended for students in years 5 to 9 .
The edited page for the book , on the list for the Premier 's Reading Challenge , was visible for about an hour before it was changed to the original text .
Last week , the French Parliament passed a new law requiring Internet service providers to cut off Internet access for persistent copyright offenders .
Since the parliament voted in favor of the law , everyone - including the most fanatical critics - believed that it would easily pass through Senate and the National Assembly today - but it did n't .
In order to reduce piracy , the French Parliament approved the new ‘ HADOPI ’ ( Creation and Internet ) law .
Under the new legislation ISPs have to send warnings to alleged copyright infringers , who would eventually lose their Internet access upon receiving their third warning .
In addition , the new law would make it possible to order ISPs to block sites such as The Pirate Bay .
The new law has been criticized by the majority of the French public , with many of them believing it will fail to reduce piracy .
After the parliament voted in favor of the law , no one doubted that it would be approved by the senate and National Assembly as well .
As expected the law was indeed ratified by the senate this morning , but to everyone ’s surprise it did n’t make it through the National Assembly .
After a two hour discussion , the law was rejected by the National Assembly with 21 votes against and 15 votes in favor .
According to early reports , the Socialist deputies changed their initial position and decided to vote against the law after witnessing the mass opposition from the French public .
“ There was a wind of revolt in the country , which engulfed the Assembly and made us move from opposition to the majority , ” a Socialist member said in a response , adding “ The government is now in trouble . ”
France ’s Minister of Culture Christine Albanel was shocked by the rejection and said it was a “ trap ” set up by the Socialist opposition .
Unfortunately the law is not completely off the table .
It is likely to be voted on again on April 27 according to members of UMP , one of the supporting parties .
However , failing to get it passed through the National Assembly the first time is clearly a huge mistake that is almost amateurish , and public opinion is not likely to change anytime soon .
Last month the European Parliament indicated it was opposed to “ 3 strikes ” legislation when it defined Internet access as a “ fundamental freedom . ”
Handling Startup / Setup / Teardown / Shutdown Methods
When you understand Organizing Test Suites with Test : : Class , Reusing Test Code with Test : : Class , and Removing Boilerplate Testing Code , you 'll likely to discover that you need to have special code run at the start and end of a class and at the start and end of every test method .
This code might connect to databases , delete temp files , or set up test fixtures .
Test :: Class provides four test control methods to help :
startup
This method runs once for each class , before any tests run .
shutdown
This method runs once for each class , after all tests have run .
setup
This method runs before each test method .
teardown
This method runs after each test method .
startup and shutdown
One common function for the startup and shutdown methods is to set up and tear down a database :
package Tests :: My:: Resultset :: Customer ; use base ' My :: Test : : Class ' ; sub startup : Tests ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_connect_to_database ; } sub shutdown : Tests ( shutdown ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_disconnect_from_database ; } ...
When the test class loads , the first code which Test : : Class runs is startup .
At the end of the test , Test : : Class calls the shutdown method is called and we disconnect from the database .
Note that if the startup method has any tests and one fails , or if it throws any exception , the rest of the tests will not run .
Any tests for parent classes will still run .
sub startup : Tests ( startup ) { ok 0 ; # the test class will abort here }
If this occurs , the shutdown method will not be called .
setup and teardown
It can also be useful to run code before and after every test method .
Here 's how :
sub setup : Tests ( setup ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_start_db_transaction ; } sub check_priviledges : Tests ( no_plan ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_load_priviledge_fixture ; ... } sub teardown : Tests ( teardown ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_rollback_db_transaction ; }
This code starts a database transaction before every test method .
The check_priviledges method loads its own test fixture and the teardown method rolls back the transaction , ensuring that the next test will have a pristine database .
Note that if the setup method fails a test , the teardown method will still be called .
This is different behavior for the startup method because Test : : Class moves on to the next test and assumes you still want to continue .
Overriding test control methods
Users new to Test :: Class often find that they run more test control methods than they expected or their test control methods run in an order they did not expect .
Controlling order of execution
Suppose that your test base class contains :
sub connect_to_db : Tests ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_connect_to_db ; }
A test subclass contains :
sub assert_db : Tests ( startup =>
1 ) { my $ test = shift ; ok $ test->_is_connected_to_db , ' We still have a database connection ' ; }
That will probably fail and your tests will not run .
Why ?
Test :: Class runs tests in alphabetical order in a test class .
Because it includes inherited tests in your test class , you 've inherited connect_to_db .
As that sorts after assert_db , it runs after assert_db .
Thus , you 're asserting your database connection before you 've connected .
The problem is tightly - coupled methods which rely on execution order .
The fix is simple .
Rename both startup methods to startup and have the child class call the super class method :
sub startup : Tests ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test -> SUPER :: startup ; die unless $ test->_is_connected_to_db , ' We still have a database connection ' ; }
This works because Test : : Class knows you 've overridden the method and you can call it manually .
Warning : Note that the startup method now die s rather than running a test .
Test :: Class has no way of knowing if you 're really going to call the super class .
As a result , it has no way of knowing the real test count .
The die halts the startup method .
Tip : for reasons mentioned above , do n't put tests in your test control methods .
Controlling what gets executed
Suppose that you 've a web page which provides additional features to authenticated users .
You might test it with :
sub unauthenticated_startup : Test ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_connect_as_unauthenticated ; }
In your " authenticated " subclass , you may have :
sub authenticated_startup : Test ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_connect_as_authenticated ; }
Again , your tests will probably fail because authenticated_startup will run before unauthenticated_startup , and you have probably connected as the unauthenticated user in your " authenticated " subclass .
However , this time you probably do n't even need unauthenticated_startup to run .
The solution is again to give the tests the same name without calling the parent 's method :
sub startup : Test ( startup ) { my $ test = shift ; $ test->_connect_as_authenticated ; }
Note that this control method does not run tests .
If the connection fails , throw an exception .
The next and final article in this series explains how to manage test suites with Test : : Class .
By Detector | 05 March 2009
VectorLinux is Slackware 12 based distro , and now new generation 6.0 is released with code name “ Voyager ” .
This distro is known by high stability and performance even on very old hardware , and on new computers it just “ flying ” .
As I mentioned early , Vector Linux is Slackware 12 based , it comes with Linux kernel 2.6.27.12 and Xfce 4.4.3 window manager .
The new version has improved hardware recognition and easy configuration of wireless network and web camera .
There is a new easy GUI installation process , Wicd for networks , Firestarter as a firewall , Vasm for easy system configuration and Slapt - get and Gslapt for repository management .
Office applications are represent by Abiword for text processing and Gnumeric for spreadsheet with support for reading and editing MS Office formats .
Xfce4 Calendar , Scribus as a desktop publisher and JPilot to syncronize you hand held device complete the Office menu .
The Graphics menu includes the excellent Gimp 2.6 for image editing , Inkscape for vectorial drawing , GQview as image viewer , GTKam for digital cameras and Xpdf as PDF viewer .
For best Internet experience there are Firefox and other alternative apps like Opera , Seamonkey , Dillo as a lightweight option ; Opera mail and Seamonkey mail for e-mail ; Pidgin for instant messaging and Deluge for torrent download .
Vector Linux 6.0 has DVD support out of the box and all the codecs are already included .
VLC , Xine , Mplayer and Xmms will ensure that almost all the audio and video formats can be played .
RipperX can encode your Audio CDs , GtkPod can syncronize with your portable player and K3b and Vburn is for for CD and DVD burning .
Vector Linux comes in two editions : Standard that is free for download and Deluxe – that cost 23 $ and has extra useful applications and features .
More info and download here .
Tags | Announcements , Linux , Open Source
Even the hawks say there 's not much America can do , in response to North Korea 's nuclear test .
But that does n't mean the U.S. military is n't prepping for a war with the Kim Jong - Il regime , just in case .
In March , American and South Korean forces teamed up for the " Key Resolve / Foal Eagle " war game .
13,100 troops from outside Korea – and tens of thousands more , already stationed in the country – participated in the massive exercise , which focused on " deploying troops and equipment to Korea in the event of an attack , " according to a military press release .
Some U.S. and South Korean commandos made airborne jumps together from a helium blimp ; others , from helicopters hovering above the Korea Strait .
A third group ran a mock " operation to secure a suspected chemical weapons lab . "
Unconventional weapons experts drilled in responding to a simulated strike involving " hundreds of WMD . "
Navy helicopter pilots swept for mines , while Marine fighter pilots flew with their South Korean counterparts to " wipe out " simulated enemy aircraft .
The Americans and their allies kicked all kinds of butt in the exercise , of course .
Other war games , testing out the North Korean scenario , did n't end quite as cleanly .
One ran by *
The Atlantic in 2005 forecast 100,000 or more dead civilians in the first few days .
And that was if * the U.S. could assemble the half - million to million troops needed for such an assault ; none of the participants thought such a staggering number of troops could be gathered together , given all of America 's military commitments around the world .
Two years earlier , the Pentagon put together a very different kind of war plan for North Korea – one that did n't involve ground troops at all .
Instead , U.S. forces would lob bombs and missiles and electronic attacks in an instant " global strike . "
Even nuclear weapons were considered , as part of the plan .
A similar " bolt from the blue " was proposed in a 2005 article for the Washington Post , by former Defense Secretary William Perry and Ashton Carter , who today serves as the Pentagon 's weapons - buyer - in - chief .
They proposed taking out a North Korean long - range missile on the launchpad , to prevent the nuclear Kim Jong - Il from test - firing an ICBM .
The surgical strike was , of course , never ordered .
And the missile itself was kind of a dud .
In 2003 , retired Colonel John Collins ran through the possible moves and countermoves in a military standoff on the Korean peninsula – from blockades to full - out nuclear strikes .
His conclusion : " Any of the U.S. options described above could trigger uncontrollable escalation that would create appalling casualties on both sides of the DMZ and promise a Pyrrhic victory at best .
Unilateral actions by the United States without unqualified ROK [ Republic of Korea ] agreement and willing participation every step of the way would be immoral as well as ill - advised .
Inaction while Kim Jong
Il develops a robust nuclear arsenal and perhaps supplies nuclear weapons to U.S. enemies , unfortunately , would worsen any future confrontation . "
**
ALSO :
What religious people mean by “ god ” means nothing to me beyond an incoherent cluster of concepts from which the aforesaid folk choose the subset most convenient to themselves .
But the word brings to mind the man -made phenomenon of religions , whose net effect on humanity now as throughout history has been , by a considerable margin , negative .
It would be so just because of the falsity of belief ; and the consequent absurdity of behaviour premised on the idea that there exist supernatural agencies who made this very imperfect world , and who have an interest in us that extends to our sex lives and what we should and should not eat on certain days , or wear , and so on .
But it is worse than false : it is far too often oppressive and distorting as regards human nature , and divisive as regards human communities .
It is a frequent source of conflict and cruelty .
Monstrous crimes have been committed in its name .
And more often than not it has stood in the way of efforts at human liberation and progress .
Apologists for religion point to the Sistine Chapel and Bach ’s Mass in B minor as some sort of justification for it .
I answer : first , the church had the money to commission these things ; second , lots of wonderful art is about naked women and bowls of fruit , and required no belief in deities to prompt its production ; and third , the existence of religious art does not excuse burning people alive at the stake for disagreeing with some doctrine or other .
Apologists for religion point to charitable works as some sort of justification for it .
I answer : non-believers perform these , too , out of simple fellow feeling , not requiring the idea of pleasing a deity or getting into heaven to prompt them to it .
Apologists point to Stalinism and Nazism as murderous ideologies , as if their existence made Torquemada and the Taliban somehow acceptable .
I answer : all monolithic ideologies , claiming to possess the One Great Truth and demanding that everyone to submit to it on pain of penalty , with their prophets and pieties and shibboleths and sacred cows , come to the same thing when allowed to go to their all too natural extremes – which is precisely my objection to religion .
This does not stop me having the same objection to Stalinism and Nazism , which I very much do .
The basic doctrines of the major religions have their roots in the superstitions and fancies of illiterate peasants living several thousand years ago .
It is astonishing that these superstitions , in the partial guise of sophistical successor versions , retain any credibility .
The reason they do is proselytisation of the very young , the institutionalisation of religious sects , and certain psychological factors .
I would wish people to live without superstition , to govern their lives with reason , and to conduct their relationships on reflective principles about what we owe one another as fellow voyagers through the human predicament – with kindness and generosity wherever possible , and justice always .
None of this requires religion or the empty name of “ god ” .
Indeed , once this detritus of our ignorant past has been cleared away , we might see more clearly the nature of good , and pursue it aright at last .
A C Grayling is professor of philosophy at Birkbeck College , University of London
" People expect MPs to serve the public , " said Paul Williamson , 33 .
" Not to get the most they can out of the job .
How can you have any confidence when you have the Commons accounts office saying that it is n't its business to police the system .
People used to go into politics to do good .
Even if you did n't agree with them , you believed that .
But now you have the sense that many of them see it as a good earner , and it's no wonder that people have lost confidence .
I 've always voted Labour , but next time it will be the Greens .
I think this will be an opportunity for smaller parties and that should be good for democracy . "
Ghostly faces and visions of ' little people ' :
The eye disorder that leaves thousands of Britons fearing they 've lost their senses
Following his wife 's death six years ago , David Stannard has become accustomed to spending quiet evenings alone at his home in Walton - on - Thames , Surrey .
So it came as a surprise to the 73 - year - old when he looked up from his television one evening to discover he was sharing his living room with two RAF pilots and a schoolboy .
' The pilots were standing next to the TV , watching it as if they were in the wings of a theatre , ' he says .
An estimated 100,000 people in Britain have Charles Bonnet Syndrome ( CBS ) , which leads to hallucinations .
These can include visions of miniature people
' The little boy was in a grey , Fifties - style school uniform .
He just stood there in the hearth looking puzzled .
He was 18 inches high at most . '
Mr Stannard 's guests never said a word and vanished after 15 minutes .
That night , he says , the walls of his house , which had always been white , looked as though they had been redecorated in patterned wallpaper with a brickwork effect .
The next morning he was caught off - guard again when he found a fair - haired girl standing on his sofa .
She also appeared to be from the Fifties , but was life - size , wearing a short skirt and pink cardigan , with chubby knees , white ankle socks and ribbons in her hair .
' I watched her for a while , ' he says .
' She did n't move much .
Then she was gone . '
It would be easy to dismiss Mr Stannard 's story as the bizarre imaginings of an elderly mind .
Fortunately , he knew he was n't losing his mind ; neither was his house haunted .
A few weeks earlier he had been registered blind , though he was still able to watch television if he sat at a certain angle .
He 'd been warned that as his eyesight deteriorated , he might experience visual hallucinations in the form of Charles Bonnet Syndrome ( CBS ) .
' I was lucky enough to know what it was , ' he says , 'otherwise I would have thought I was going bonkers . '
An estimated 100,000 people in the UK have CBS , but many wo n't realise it because the condition remains something of a mystery .
Lord Dacre of Glanton jokingly referred to his ' phantasmagoria '
The real number is probably higher because sufferers are often too ashamed to talk about what they have seen for fear of being considered crazy .
The late historian Lord Dacre of Glanton , formerly Hugh Trevor - Roper , was unusual among CBS patients in that he talked openly about what he jokingly referred to as his ' phantasmagoria ' .
He would see horses and bicycles racing , and whole landscapes whizzing by as if he were on a train .
On one occasion , he found himself trapped in an apparently endless tunnel .
Hallucinations tend to have common themes : simple geometric patterns , disembodied faces with jumbled features , landscapes , groups of people , musical notes , vehicles and miniature figures in Victorian or Edwardian costume .
They can be in black and white or colour , moving or still , but they are always silent .
The condition was named after Charles Bonnet , an 18th - century Swiss natural philosopher whose grandfather had seen people , patterns and vehicles that were not really there .
Bonnet was the first person to identify that you could have visual hallucinations and still be mentally sound .
The condition can affect anybody at any age with diminishing eyesight .
Even people with normal vision can develop it if they blindfold themselves for long enough .
But most people who have CBS have it as a side - effect of age - related macular degeneration - the most common cause of blindness in the UK .
It is thought that up to 60 per cent of patients with severe vision loss develop CBS .
Crucially , CBS is caused by lack of visual stimulation rather than mental dysfunction .
Usually , on opening our eyes , the nerve cells in the retina send a constant stream of impulses to the visual parts of the brain .
If the retina is damaged , the stream of impulses reduces , but - rather than lie dormant - other parts of the brain become hyperactive .
So when the brain is n't receiving as many pictures as it is used to , it builds its own artificial images instead from the areas we use every day to process faces , objects , landscapes and colours .
What you hallucinate depends on which part of the brain these increases are located .
But why only a proportion of patients with macular degeneration experience hallucinations is still unknown , or why younger patients with macular degeneration are less likely to have CBS than older ones .
Dr Dominic ffytche , a senior lecturer at the Institute of Psychiatry , is a leading expert on CBS .
He has been at the forefront of a campaign led by the Royal College of Ophthalmologists and The Macular Disease Society calling for eye doctors to warn patients with macular degeneration that they may develop CBS .
It is thought that stimulating the fingertips , for example by feeling a dice with dimples , can help sufferers of CBS stop experiencing hallucinations
He says : ' In our experience , forewarning and knowledge of the possibility of hallucinations helps patients cope when they occur .
It allows them to realise this indicates a functional problem with their sight and not a problem with their mind . '
In 2003 , Sandra Jones , 54 , a former TV producer , thought she was losing her mind when she started seeing faces looming towards her out of nowhere .
Having visited various massacre sites , including Rwanda , as part of her job , she assumed it was a form of post - traumatic stress disorder .
' Part of me thought this was payback time , ' she says .
The faces would swirl off the pages of the book she was reading , or appear in front of her computer screen .
It would happen three or four times a day , usually when she was feeling relaxed or trying to get to sleep .
' Some nights I could n't lose them and I would only get an hour 's sleep , ' she says .
' Closing my eyes would n't help , so I 'd get up and clean my house just to keep moving .
I got the feeling that if I was tired , it would help me fall asleep , which would then free up my mind . '
She did n't dare tell friends or anyone at work for fear of jeopardising her job , and found out about CBS only after researching her symptoms online .
Earlier that year she had been diagnosed with Sorsby 's fundus dystrophy , a rare genetic eye condition which causes early onset macular degeneration , but nobody had warned her that hallucinations might be a side - effect .
If the retina is damaged , the stream of impulses reduces and other parts of the brain become hyperactive ( file photo )
' The unpleasant feeling was of not being in control , ' she says .
' Once they are identified , they are not a problem . '
Hallucinations can last from only a few seconds to several hours .
In a minority of unlucky cases , they are continuous throughout the day .
Patients usually have several daily before they taper off to once a week , then once a month .
For 60 per cent of patients , they will stop entirely after 18 months .
There has not yet been a long - term study , but some patients report having them for at least three years .
Part of
Dr ffytche 's research involves looking into ways patients can stop the hallucinations .
' There wo n't be a single recipe for everyone , ' he says .
' But hallucinations tend to occur when you are in a state of drowsy wakefulness , so you want to rouse yourself . '
As the condition is caused by a lack of stimulation in the visual part of the brain , one of the techniques he is investigating is stimulating the fingertips .
This is based on the fact that studies of brain scans of sight - impaired people reading Braille show increased activity in that area .
The theory is that even feeling a dice with dimples could bring visions to a halt .
Other techniques include holding your breath ; turning on a light if it is off , or vice - versa ; standing up if you are sitting down ; and moving your eyes .
In extreme cases , medication is used .
But the drugs can have side - effects such as tremors , drowsiness , sickness and diarrhoea .
Dr Winfried Amoaku , chairman of the Scientific Committee of the Royal College of Ophthalmologists and a specialist in macular degeneration , says when they come to visit him , patients do two things : first , they request that nobody else is in the room before mentioning the hallucinations , then afterwards they breathe a sigh of relief .
For Mary Orr , 84 , from West Kilbride , the final straw was seeing the walls of her house covered in white fur .
In desperation , she started to claw at them .
' It was then I thought : " I ca n't live like this , " ' she says .
After months assuming she had dementia , she was referred to a psychiatrist who recognised the signs of CBS straight away and told her to see an eye doctor .
It explains why she still sees pink squares and snakes rising out of the pavement , but Mary is resolute that the worst is behind her .
As she says : ' It 's the fear of not knowing what 's happening that you can't live with . '
• The Macular Disease Society , www.maculardisease.org, 0845 241 2041 ; Royal National Institute for the Blind , www.rnib.org.uk, 0303 123 9999 .
Schilling retires
Curt Schilling said his goodbyes today , announcing he will end his outstanding 20 - year major league career in which he established himself as one of the game 's great clutch pitchers .
Schilling , who was drafted by the Red Sox in 1986 but traded as a minor leaguer to Baltimore , made his debut in 1988 and played for four teams before arriving in Boston in 2004 .
He pitched for two championship teams during his four years with the Sox .
The six - time All - Star compiled a 216 - 146 record with a 3.46 ERA .
We look back at Schilling 's memorable moments in Boston . . .
( AP Photo )
If waterboarding was a war crime when the Japanese did it to my father , why is n't it a war crime anymore ?...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 4/6/2009 , 9:39 am PT
Guest Blogged by Ernest A. Canning
In my previous piece , " Prosecute or Perish " , here at The BRAD BLOG --- in which I argued that criminal investigations and , where appropriate , prosecutions of the Bush / Cheney cabal for war crimes was not merely mandated by our treaty obligations but vital to preserving our constitutional democracy and the rule of law ---
I referenced an allegation by Seymour Hersh that the Bush regime had created a highly secretive " executive assassination ring " which reported only to Dick Cheney 's office and which had " been going into countries , not talking to the ambassador or the CIA station chief , and finding people and executing them and leaving . "
How can a nation that calls itself just convict the Japanese officers who waterboarded my father , yet refuse to so much as investigate high officials from our own government who authorized the same war crime and , as newly alleged , even much worse ...
On March 31 , 2009 Hersh was interviewed by Amy Goodman on Democracy Now !.
The segment begins with Wolf Blitzer 's March 30 , 2009 interview of John Hannah , Cheney 's former national security advisor [ emphasis added ] :
BLITZER : Is there a list of terrorists , suspected terrorists out there who can be assassinated ?
Is there a list of terrorists , suspected terrorists out there who can be assassinated ?
HANNAH : There is clearly a group of people that …have committed acts of war against the United States , who are at war with the United States , or are suspected of planning operations of war against the United States , who authority is given to the troops in the field and in certain war theaters to capture or kill those individuals .
That is certainly true .
Hannah implied that this was limited to Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Hersh says it was far broader ; that the assassination wing of the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , in direct violation of an executive order issued by President Gerald Ford , carried out assassinations in at least a dozen countries , not only in the Middle East , but in Central and South America .
Hersh told Amy Goodman that the JSOC assassination wing would clear the list through Cheney 's office ; that , at least initially , Cheney was directly involved .
Hersh expressed concern about going after people who were not involved in combat .
He pointed not only to collateral damage but to a Bush administration 2002 internal study which suggested at least one - half of the people held in Guantanamo were innocent .
Jane Mayer 's 2006 New Yorker piece , " The Hidden Power , " cited in " Prosecute or Perish , " relied upon a Seton Hall study that produced more dramatic numbers .
It revealed a Guantanamo detainee population , 55 % of whom had never committed a hostile act and only 8 % of which were allegedly connected to al - Qaeda .
The vast majority , 86 % , were captured either by Pakistan or the Northern Alliance at a time when the U.S. was offering huge bounties for " suspected " terrorists .
Late last month , a complaint was filed in a Spanish court seeking to hold high Bush administration officials accountable for possible war crimes .
While those officials included David Addington , Cheney 's former chief of staff , they did not include either George W. Bush or Cheney .
This was covered by Keith Olbermann with Law Professor Jonathan Turley who suggested during a March 30 , 2009 segment of Countdown that the Spanish court 's action afforded President Obama with a window of opportunity to " take the high road " by appointing a special prosecutor so that the United States could undue the damage inflicted on our reputation by the Bush / Cheney torture regime .
Commenting on a Washington Post article , which revealed that no useful intelligence was extracted from Abu Zubaida after he was waterboarded , Turley said it has been " long known " that torture produces " absolute garbage … .
The only thing we got out of this was the condemnation of the ages . "
I can personally attest to the accuracy of Turley 's observations .
In early 1942 , my father was arrested by the Japanese Kempetai in Shanghai .
He was transported to " Bridge House , " an infamous torture chamber , where he was kept for several months in a cage whose dimensions were so small that he could neither lie down nor stand .
Midway through his captivity , he was interrogated ; asked to sign a confession he was a British agent .
He refused for two reasons .
First , it was n't true .
Second , my father believed he was being asked to sign his own death warrant .
My father was taken to another room where he was pinned to a wooden platform by several soldiers .
One soldier held a sponge over his mouth and nose .
Another soldier poured water onto the sponge .
My father could hold his breath only so long , after which water ran up his nostrils , down his throat , and into his lungs .
He described the process to me as " exquisitely painful . "
After multiple lapses of consciousness , my father signed the " confession . "
The next day , his tormentors , unsatisfied with his wobbly signature , returned to his cell .
They offered him the choice of signing again or undergoing another round of waterboarding .
He signed .
Death was preferable to torture .
Fortunately , especially for me since I would have never been born , they did n't execute him .
My father spent the remainder of the war in Japanese internment camps ; met my mother in one ; walked out when the war ended .
In 1948 his testimony at the War Crimes Tribunal in Hong Kong helped to convict several Japanese officers .
Appearing above the entrance to the U.S. Supreme Court are the words , " Equal Justice Under Law . "
Those words are not an empty slogan .
They form the essence of who we are .
Waterboarding was a war crime then , when committed by the Japanese , and it is a war crime now , when committed by Americans .
Cheney publicly admitted he authorized waterboarding .
If our government fails to abide by its legal obligation to initiate a criminal investigation , it does more than open our nation to a charge of hypocrisy .
Such failure amounts to a betrayal of the very essence of who we are - a people and a nation committed to the principle of equal justice under law .
UPDATE 4/7/09 : Via Democracy Now ! : " Scott Horton is reporting that Senate Republicans are threatening to filibuster two top Justice Department nominees if the Obama administration releases secret Bush administration memos that authorized the torture of prisoners .
The nominees are Dawn Johnson as chief of the Office of Legal Counsel in the Department of Justice and Yale Law School Dean Harold Koh as State Department legal counsel .
Horton writes ,
' It now appears that Republicans are seeking an Obama commitment to safeguard the Bush administration ’s darkest secrets in exchange for letting these nominations go forward . ' "
Here 's Horton 's full coverage ...
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California State Bar since 1977 and has practiced in the fields of civil litigation and workers ' compensation at both the trial and appellate levels .
He graduated from Southwestern University School of Law where he served as a student director of the clinical studies department and authored a Law Review Article , Executive Privilege : Myths & Realities .
He received an MA in political science at Cal State University Northridge and a BA in political science from UCLA .
He 's also a Vietnam vet ( 4th infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
Sleep Talking PCs Save Energy and Money
San Diego , CA , April 23 , 2009 -- Personal computers may soon save large amounts of energy by “ sleep talking . ”
Computer scientists at UC San Diego and Microsoft Research have created a plug - and - play hardware prototype for personal computers that induces a new energy saving state known as “ sleep talking . ”
Normally PCs can be in either awake mode — where they consume power even if they are not being used — or in a low power sleep mode — where they save substantial power but are essentially inactive and unresponsive to network traffic .
The new sleep talking state provides much of the energy savings of sleep mode and some of the network - and - Internet - connected convenience of awake mode .
UC San Diego computer science Ph.D. student Yuvraj Agarwal presented this work on April 23 at the USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation ( NSDI 2009 ) .
UC San Diego computer science Ph.D. student Yuvraj Agarwal presented this work on April 23 at the Computer scientists at UC San Diego and Microsoft Research in Redmond , Washington and Cambridge , UK collaborated on this project and thepaper , “ Somniloquy : Augmenting Network Interfaces to Reduce PC Energy Usage . ”
“ Large numbers of people keep their PCs in awake mode even though the PCs are relatively idle for long blocks of time because they want to stay connected to an internal network or the Internet or both , ” said Agarwal .
“ I realized that most of the tasks that people keep their computers on for — like ensuring remote access and availability for virus scans and backup , maintaining presence on instant messaging ( IM ) networks , being available for incoming voice - over - IP ( VoIP ) calls , and file sharing and downloading — can be achieved at much lower power - use levels than regular awake mode , ” said Agarwal .
Following this realization , the team built a small USB - connected hardware and software plug - in system that allows a PC to remain in sleep mode while continuing to maintain network presence and run well - defined application functions .
It supports instant messaging applications , VoIP , large background web downloads , peer - to - peer file sharing networks such as BitTorrent , and remote access .
The computer scientists say their system is easily extensible to support other applications .
Somniloquy prototype co-invented by UC San Diego computer science Ph.D. student Yuvraj Agarwal .
The plug - and - play hardware prototype for personal computers induces a new energy saving state known as “ sleep talking . ”
The computer scientists named their system Somniloquy , which means “ the act or habit of talking in one ’s sleep . ”
In fact , the system allows a PC to appear to “ say ” to other hosts on the network , “ I ’m awake and I can perform non-power - intensive tasks ” — even though the PC is in sleep mode .
If more computational muscle or resources present on the PC such as stored files are required , Somniloquy wakes up the PC .
The goal of Somniloquy is to encourage people to put their PCs in sleep mode more often , for example when they are not being used for computationally demanding tasks .
“ Reducing energy consumed by wall - powered devices , especially computing equipment , offers a huge opportunity to save money and reduce greenhouse gasses , ” said Agarwal .
“ Somniloquy uses a very small low - power computer .
It has a low - power processor , some memory , a lightweight operating system , and a small amount of flash to store data .
Everything is scaled down and extremely energy efficient , ” said Agarwal , a self described “ computer systems ” researcher who uses hardware insights to build better energy - efficient computer systems .
Somniloquy ’s low - power secondary processor functions at the PC ’s network interface .
It runs an embedded operating system and impersonates the sleeping PC to other hosts on the network .
Somniloquy will wake up the PC over the USB bus if necessary .
For example , during a movie download , when the flash memory fills up , Somniloquy will wake up the PC and transfer the data .
When the transfer is complete , it will go back to sleep mode and Somniloquy will again impersonate the computer on the network .
The current prototypes work for desktops and laptops , over wired and wireless networks , and are incrementally deployable on systems with an existing network interface .
It does not require any changes to the operating system on the PC , to routers or other network infrastructure , or to remote application servers .
The researchers evaluated Somniloquy in various settings and say that it consumes 11 to 24 times less power than a PC in idle state , which could translate to energy savings of 60 to 80 percent depending on their use model .
In the future , Somniloquy could be incorporated into the network interface card of new PCs , which would eliminate the need for the prototype ’s external USB plug - in hardware .
Yuvraj Agarwal worked on this project when he was an intern at Microsoft Research , Cambridge in the summer of 2007 , and continued afterwards at UC San Diego .
Steve Hodges , Ranveer Chandra , James Scott , and Victor Bahl from Microsoft Research are Somniloquy co-inventors and authors on the NSDI 2009 paper .
Agarwal ’s Ph.D. advisor and paper - coauthor is computer science professor Rajesh Gupta from UC San Diego ’s Jacobs School of Engineering .
###
“ Somniloquy : Augmenting Network Interfaces to Reduce PC Energy Usage , ” by Yuvraj Agarwal from UC San Diego , Steve Hodges , Ranveer Chandra , James Scott , and Paramvir ( Victor ) Bahl from Microsoft Research , and Rajesh Gupta from UC San Diego , was presented on April 23 , 2009 at USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation .
Author contact information :
Yuvraj Agarwal
UC San Diego computer science Ph.D. student from the Jacobs School of Engineering
yuvraj AT cs DOT ucsd DOT edu
Media Contacts
Daniel Kane
Jacobs School of Engineering
858-534-3262
dbkane@ucsd.edu
Related Links
© 2020 Empowering Parents .
All Rights Reserved .
Empowering Parents connects families with actionable tips , tools , and child behavior programs to help resolve behavior issues in children ages 5 - 25 .
J.C. is sitting on the toilet , trying to reach for the matches on the floor , which disappear as we cut to the wide shot from outside the booth .
See more
Alternate Versions
Originally filmed with an ending in which Ray Cameron walks out of the house as a zombie , then collapses in front of a cemetery as the slug - like creatures escape from his body and head toward the graves ; the alien spacecraft from the opening scene then arrives and begins to search the graveyard with spotlights .
For the original theatrical and home video releases this was replaced with a briefer ending in which a slug - creature jumps out of the zombie - dog 's mouth as the characters watch the sorority house burn down .
The version with the original ending was used for some TV airings and later released as the Director 's Cut ( which includes the re-shot ending as a separate bonus feature ) .
See more
New software from I.B.M. can suck up huge volumes of data from many sources and quickly identify correlations within it .
The company says it expects the software to be useful in analyzing finance , health care and even space weather .
Bo Thidé , a scientist at the Swedish Institute of Space Physics , has been testing an early version of the software as he studies the ways in which things like gas clouds and particles cast off by the sun can disrupt communications networks on Earth .
The new software , which I.B.M. calls stream processing , makes it possible for Mr. Thidé and his team of researchers to gather and analyze vast amounts of information at a record pace .
“ For us , there is no chance in the world that you can think about storing data and analyzing it tomorrow , ” Mr. Thidé said .
“ There is no tomorrow .
We need a smart system that can give you hints about what is happening out there right now . ”
I.B.M. , based in Armonk , N.Y. , spent close to six years working on the software and has just moved to start selling a product based on it called System S .
The company expects it to encourage breakthroughs in fields like finance and city management by helping people better understand patterns in data .
Update : Pulitzer Prize Winner : Bush must have been ' Just kidding ' ...
Brad Friedman Byon 4/28/2009 , 3:05 pm PT
George W. Bush just before the invastion of Iraq :
War crimes will be prosecuted , war criminals will be punished and it will be no defense to say , “ I was just following orders . ”
And let 's also not forget what Saint Ronnie similarly said on these matters .
Seems to me the Republicans themselves have made a very compelling case for prosecuting war criminals , such as George W. Bush .
UPDATE : Pulitzer Prize winner Eugene Robinson on Bush 's pre-war statement : " I think the message there is ' just kidding , folks . ' "
Details , video ...
NEW YORK �( CNNMoney.com ) --
World leaders agreed Thursday to tighter regulation of the global financial system and pledged more than $ 1 trillion to bolster lending by the International Monetary Fund to nations in need .
The Group of 20 , which represents most of the world 's largest economies , is taking " unprecedented steps " to attack the global economic downturn , stimulate growth and expand loans to troubled nations , President Obama said at the close of the group 's meeting in London .
" The challenge is clear , " Obama said .
" The global economy is contracting .
Trade is shrinking .
Unemployment is rising .
The international financial system is nearly frozen . "
The group outlined plans to increase oversight of the global financial system .
Among other things , the G - 20 nations said they would regulate hedge funds for the first time and supervise credit rating agencies in an effort to prevent conflicts of interest .
The G - 20 said it would implement new standards on executive pay and bonuses and vowed to crack down on tax havens .
To help coordinate these efforts , the G - 20 established a Financial Stability Board , which expands the powers of its predecessor : the Financial Stability Forum .
The Financial Stability Forum , which brought together central bankers , regulators and the IMF , will now include all G - 20 countries , Spain and the European Commission .
Member nations will " commit to pursue " financial stability , transparency and other goals aimed at sound regulation .
" We have a set of principles around dealing with systemic risk that I think will be very important in preventing the kinds of financial crisis that we 've seen , " Obama said .
Of course , it remains to be seen how far an even beefed up Financial Stability Board can go in promoting better regulation .
Ultimately , financial regulation is enforced by individual countries .
Meanwhile , the leaders said they were committed to resisting economic protectionism and promoting global trade , even as analysts say it will be difficult for countries to balance such promises with the need to stabilize local economies .
IMF to boost lending
In addition to coordinating regulation reform , G - 20 members agreed to pump $ 1.1 trillion into the IMF to help restore credit , encourage economic growth and create jobs around the world .
IHS Global Insight , a global research firm , applauded the G - 20 commitment to boost IMF lending .
" The biggest surprise was the huge three - to four - fold increase in IMF resources to approximately $ 1 trillion , which will go a long way to supporting financial stability in the developing world , " the firm said in a report Thursday .
The IMF was formed near the end of World War II to promote international financial and economic stability .
It is best known for loaning money to smaller economies facing economic crises .
According to IHS Global Insight , the $ 1 trillion pledged Thursday is more than both the United States and European nations had pushed for .
Colin Bradford , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , said the $ 1 trillion investment " reflects a decision on the part of the 20 countries to make the IMF a truly global institution . "
" They pulled out all the stops , " Bradford said .
" This is an integrated and cohesive strategy .
It 's almost as good as one could hope for . "
Trying to create jobs
The G - 20 reiterated that its members are undertaking " unprecedented and concerted fiscal expansion . "
The fiscal plans are aimed at saving or creating millions of jobs and boosting economic growth around the world .
By the end of the year , these efforts will amount to $ 5 trillion , according to the G - 20 statement .
But the group did not specify how much of that amount comes from existing stimulus efforts .
Bradford said the $ 5 trillion likely includes the U.S. government 's $ 787 billion economic stimulus plan , as well as cash infusions that governments around the world have put into the banking system .
" In essence , it is the entire public policy response to the crisis , " he said .
-- CNN
Wire reports were used in this article .
In November of 2008 , millions of American voters went to the polls and voted for " change . "
Many are beginning to realize that very little has actually changed .
When those who run the state apparatus begin to realize a lack of confidence in their abilities to control , drastic measures are often employed .
For two consecutive election cycles , 2006 and 2008 , the American electorate voted against the illegal , immoral wars of the Bush administration .
Now that we have a Bush clone in a darker skin tone , no one seems to care about the killing , maiming and torturing .
To the hypocritical voters in America , the crime is irrelevant , it only matters whose criminal is pulling the trigger .
The " change " since the election , as I see it , is : a much larger national debt , ever expanding wars in the Middle East , a greater threat to personal liberty , a huge increase in gun sales , a national shortage of ammo , and rapidly increasing fuel prices .
Is that the " change " Americans voted for ?
The control the state is able to maintain over its citizens is directly proportionate to its ability to create fear in those citizens .
Therefore , to defeat the war on terror , all we have to do is stop being afraid of the state ’s villain du jour .
To increase our personal freedoms and liberty , we must stop fearing the state .
When one ceases to look through eyes clouded with fear , the state and its weaknesses are exposed .
The government spends billions of taxpayer dollars creating and sustaining a perpetual fear level , with the mainstream media ( MSM ) more than a willing partner .
Recently , we were inundated through the government and MSM with the possible threat of a pandemic associated with " Swine Flu . "
This threat gained very little traction with the populace .
Boston ’s Gun Bible Kenneth W. Royce Best Price : $ 18.51 Buy New $ 174.95 ( as of 09:10 EST - Details )
The FBI and NYPD have informed us we have been saved from another terrorist attack by their great work .
The shills in the MSM will never examine the dynamics of this case .
First , we have a group of people angry because the fedgov is killing people they care about with their illegal and immoral wars .
Agents of the fedgov then infiltrate this group .
Obviously , to become trusted by this group , these agents must profess to share the group ’s feelings , emotions , and dedication of purpose .
These agents then offer to provide the explosives and weapons necessary to carry out a terrorist attack .
Did the fedgov agents choose the targets and tactics as well ?
Just how much of the entire plan was that of the agents involved as opposed to those they duped ?
Members of the group are provided ( inert ) explosives and weapons by these agents and then promptly arrested for having them and attempting to carry out the act the agents participated in creating ; a classic case of entrapment .
The entire purpose of this case was to create fear in the population and the ( mistaken ) belief we are being protected by the state , a classic case of creating a problem and then appearing to be the solution .
Three incidents that created enormous fear of the boogeyman du jour were the Oklahoma City Bombing , TWA 800 , and of course , 9/11 .
I will not discuss the issue of whether the government was involved in either of the above , but there is credible evidence here , here , and here that the government ’s version of the events are highly suspect and certainly would not hold up under the scrutiny of a totally independent ( non-governmental ) investigation .
Many believe the government incapable of conducting , or being involved in , any false - flag operation involving the possible deaths of American citizens .
I offer as exhibit ( A ) Operation Northwoods , and Exhibit ( B ) evidence from the 1993 WTC bombing .
The state has one powerful tool at its disposal to control the masses : fear .
A minority can control and enslave a majority only as long as the majority fears the minority .
The state will do whatever it takes to maintain that control .
The state lied about the circumstances of the attack on Pearl Harbor ; they lied about the Gulf of Tonkin incident ; they lied about the Oklahoma City bombing ; they lied about TWA 800 ; they lied about Ruby Ridge ; they lied about Waco and they lied about 9/11 .
The very essence of government is fear and the lie .
There will be another event such as those mentioned above when the state feels it is beginning to loose control of Boobus , it needs the premise for a new war , or reason to expand the ones it now has .
When it happens , will you run their lies up the flagpole , or demand the truth , refute the lies , and expose the liars ?
The Best of Michael Gaddy
OTTAWA–A Montreal man stuck inside a Canadian embassy in Sudan for almost a year was devastated to learn he had been refused the emergency passport that would have allowed him to fly home yesterday , his lawyer said .
In a move that enraged the supporters who had fundraised to pay for Abousfian Abdelrazik 's flights , the Department of Justice faxed Ottawa lawyer Yavar Hameed a short note yesterday to say the passport had been denied on grounds of national security .
" The Minister of Foreign Affairs has decided to refuse your client 's request for an emergency passport , " the department wrote yesterday .
It cited a section of the Canadian Passport Order that allows the foreign affairs minister to " refuse or revoke a passport if the Minister is of the opinion that such action is necessary for the national security of Canada or another country . "
Abdelrazik , 47 , was ready to step outside the lobby of the embassy in Khartoum , where he has been granted asylum for nearly a year , and board a flight to Abu Dhabi , the first leg of a journey to Montreal yesterday afternoon , Hameed said .
Abdelrazik figured something was wrong when no one came to deliver the passport that the Canadian government said last December it would give him , so long as he could pay his own way back home .
Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon had little to add when reporters asked him about Abdelrazik at the NATO summit in Strasbourg , France yesterday .
" I denied Mr. Abdelrazik an emergency passport on the basis of national security , " Cannon said .
" So , therefore , as this file unfolds , and it will certainly be unfolding under a judicial cover , I do n't want to go any further in terms of my comments on this issue . "
New Democrat MP and foreign affairs critic Paul Dewar angrily accused Cannon of denying entry to Abdelrazik based on the colour of his skin .
" What else do you say ?
Yes ! "
Dewar replied to reporters when asked if he was alleging racism after he pointed out the government had paid to fly Canadian woman Brenda Martin home from Mexico , where she spent more than two years behind bars .
" He has not given this gentleman , who happens to be a different colour of skin than other citizens who have gotten help from this government , a travel document , " said Dewar ( Ottawa Centre . )
Abdelrazik , a Canadian citizen born in Sudan , alleges Sudanese authorities tortured him after he was arrested in 2003 when he returned to visit his ill mother .
The Sudanese government has released him .
Both the RCMP and CSIS have said they have no current and substantive information linking Abdelrazik to criminal activity .
Abdelrazik 's passport has expired .
He is on a no-fly list under a UN Security Council resolution that imposes sanctions on individuals associated with terrorist groups and the Taliban .
Another resolution says this does not prevent countries from allowing their own nationals on the list to come home .
Cannon announced last week Abdelrazik would have to be removed from the list before he could return to Canada , even though the government had originally said he just needed to be able to pay his own way .
Supporters who chipped in to pay for Abdelrazik 's ticket did so despite the threat of prosecution under federal anti-terror laws .
Hameed said Abdelrazik was " beside himself " yesterday when the lawyer reached him at the embassy and told him the government said he was a threat to national security .
" He 's been living there for 11 months , so he 's really perplexed by that , " Hameed said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" He can't really fathom that decision because it 's never been the formal position that he is a national security risk or national security threat .
It 's really just been about this UN no - fly list . "
Abdelrazik 's lawyers are to challenge the decision in Federal Court on the grounds that it violates his Charter rights .
Hameed accused the government of acting in bad faith because officials waited until the day Abdelrazik was expected to fly home even though he requested the passport March 15 .
Read more about :
MOST firms ' annual general meetings ( AGMs ) owe more to North Korea than ancient Greece .
By long - standing tradition , bosses make platitudinous speeches , listen to lone dissidents with the air of psychiatric nurses towards patients and wait for their own proposals to be rubber - stamped by the proxy votes of obedient institutional investors .
According to Manifest , a shareholder - advice firm , 97 % of votes cast across Europe last year backed management .
So should corporate democrats be cheered by the rebellion over pay at Royal Dutch Shell ?
At the oil giant 's AGM on May 19th , 59 % of voting shareholders sided against pay packages for top executives .
In particular they disliked € 4.2 m ( $ 5.8 m ) in shares dished out to five executives , which comprised about 12 % of their total pay for 2008 .
Under the firm 's rules , such awards should be granted only if Shell 's total return in the year is in the top three of its peer group .
In 2007 and 2008 , Shell came a very close fourth , so the firm decided to pay out anyway .
Shell is hardly a poster child for malfeasance : it is performing well , its pay is similar to that at other big oil firms and its shareholders previously gave directors discretion to bend the rules .
They have used it to cut pay in the past .
Still , although the vote is not binding , it is seriously embarrassing .
The turnout was decent , at about 50 % , and several big fund managers were clearly furious .
The payouts have already been made and probably cannot be reversed , but Shell will be in disgrace for a while .
Jorma Ollila , its chairman , said he took the vote “ very seriously ” and promised to “ reflect carefully ” .
After GSK , a British drugs firm , had a rebellion on pay in 2003 , it completely redrew its pay policy .
It is not just Shell that is facing unrest .
Rough markets and a wider political uproar over pay have fuelled discontent across corporate Europe .
Almost half of the voting shareholders at BP , another oil giant , failed to support its pay policies in April .
At Rio Tinto , a mining firm with a habit of digging holes for itself , a fifth of voting shareholders rejected its remuneration policy .
So far this year 15 % of votes cast on pay in Britain have dissented , compared with 7 % last year .
In continental Europe owners are grumpy , too : in February almost a third of voting shareholders at Novartis , a Swiss drugs firm , demanded the right to approve its remuneration policy each year .
But taking bosses to task for their ever - escalating salaries is not a substitute for keen oversight of performance and strategy .
At Royal Bank of Scotland , which had to be rescued by taxpayers last year , 90 % of voting shareholders rejected its pay policies last month .
Yet back in August 2007 , 95 % of them ticked the box in support of the acquisition of ABN AMRO , the deal that brought the bank to its knees .
JEFF JACOBY'S April 5 column " Finally , harsh realism from Israel " claims that the new Israeli foreign minister will support the so - called road map as an approach to resolving Israel 's conflict with the Palestinians .
However , this Israeli government , like its predecessors , has little interest in complying with its obligations .
In fact , the Likud Party platform of incoming Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and several coalition partners repudiate the main premise of the agreement : a commitment to the creation of a sovereign Palestinian state .
Phase 1 of the road map calls for dismantling settlement outposts established since March 2001 and freezing " all settlement activity ( including natural growth of settlements ) " as well as halting " confiscation and / or demolition of Palestinian homes and property " and " easing restrictions on movement of persons and goods " in the West Bank and Gaza .
None of this has happened .
All indications are that seizure of Palestinian land and expansion of the settlements will continue under the new right - wing Israeli government .
Meanwhile , plans for the destruction of Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem and their further isolation from the rest of the West Bank are being accelerated .
This is not " harsh realism " ; it is a continuing Israeli policy of bad faith that claims to support " peace " while laying the foundation for permanent occupation and colonization .
Let us hope that the Obama administration will call an end to tacit US support for this cruel charade .
Jeff Klein
Dorchester
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Only a few days ago , we ran an article on the future of KDE and GNOME , and which of the two had the brighter future based on their developmental processes .
Barely has that discussion ended , or the GNOME engineering team comes with a pretty daunting plan to introduce a fairly massive reworking of the GNOME interface for GNOME 3.0 ( 2.30 ) .
Read on for the details .
The proposed plan encompasses quite a few aspects of the GNOME platform , but the most user - visible one is of course the reworking of the interface , thanks to a project called GNOME Shell , developed by Red Hat employee Owen Taylor .
It ’s more than just a replacement for the window manager and panel , though .
The two big parts of GNOME Shell are the panel and “ overlay ” .
The panel is pretty much self - explanatory .
It sits at the top of the screen , and houses the activities button ( which activates the overlay ) and the system tray , user name , and clock stuff .
The overlay is a bit difficult to put into words , so I think pointing you to the screenshot is a much better idea .
What you are seeing on the left is the sidebar , which displays most recently opened applications and documents , but of course you can also use the search field to locate your applications and files .
On the right , you see your desktops , so you can organise your applications and desktops .
Obviously , GNOME
Shell supplements the user interface with subtle effects and animations , all written in JavaScript and Clutter ( it uses a special MetaCity branch for now , but will fork the MetaCity code later on ) .
Owen Taylor also wrote an email detailing the future of GNOME Shell and MetaCity .
There ’s more to this plan than just the interface .
Another major pillar of GNOME 3.0 would be Zeitgeist , a new approach to managing and finding files by using tags , bookmarks , and timelines ( an .ogv video shows off how it works ) .
There is a big advantage to working with GNOME Shell and Zeitgeist : both have already been in development for a while , and already have working code and have seen lots of development .
This means that GNOME 3.0 will be less about “ starting ” , and more about “ finishing ” .
The GNOME foundation will also be cleaned up and streamlined .
What this means is that deprecated libraries will be removed from the platform , so that people will stop coding against them .
They will also “ create a staging area in the platform for libraries that aim to be in our platform but do not offer enough guarantees at the moment ( like GStreamer ) : this will send a clear message on what should be used ” .
Other aspects include more focus on new technologies ( like Clutter ) and more clarity on what external dependencies should be used .
Applications will have to be adapted for these changes , of course .
The GNOME team is currently not sure yet whether or not to include the “ old ” MetaCity / panel in GNOME 3.0 .
It would make sense to do so to make the transition an easier one , but it might also hinder adoption of the new technologies and ideas .
I ’m glad that the GNOME community finally decided on a good roadmap for the future .
It ’s also clear that they have chosen a very practical approach , by focussing on technologies that are already in heavy development , with code available , which gives the plan a major headstart .
It ’s also good to see they are n’t just copying the competition , but have clearly chosen a path of their own , one that seems to fit within the current GNOME ideology .
Big Brother On The Internet
" The Internet offers intelligence agencies an amazing potential source for information collection and for monitoring the activities of their targets .
They not only can plug into communications through the names of senders and receivers of e-mail , but also through keyword monitoring of messages as they have done for many years .
If you add e-mail to their monitoring of telephone and other credit card transactions , they can get a very complete picture of a given person 's activities . "
former CIA officer Philip Agee
Last summer , a Pentagon analyst for " Special Operations and Low - Intensity Warfare " named Charles Swett wrote a 30 - page report for his bosses in the Department of Defense ( DoD ) .
It laid out how to use the Internet for military intelligence and counterintelligence .
The Federation of American Scientists exposed this report -- posting a copy on their Internet Web page for everyone to read .
Swett 's Pentagon report warns that the Internet can be used to spread news about U.S. wars and atrocities in a way the U.S. government and the official media can't control .
And Swett warns that information can create difficult political conditions for conducting some operations .
But at the same time , Swett describes ways for U.S. military intelligence to exploit the Internet for its purposes :
< 195 > Swett discusses spying on progressive and left - wing discussion to " assess the nature and extent of its members ' actual real - world activities . "
Swett gives the Institute for Global Communications ( with its PeaceNet and EcoNet discussion groups ) as an example of the " breadth of DoD-relevant information available on the Internet . "
Swett warns that the information gotten from spying might become less reliable if " it became known that DoD were monitoring Internet traffic for intelligence or counter - intelligence purposes . "
< 195 > Swett says military intelligence will conduct " routine monitoring of messages originating in other countries " ( meaning e-mail and other computer traffic ) to search for information on " developing security threats " and catch " early warning of impending significant developments . "
< 195 > Swett describes using the Internet for " psychological warfare " -- secretly spreading deliberate lies designed to divide and weaken forces that U.S. imperialism considers its enemies .
Swett writes that the " Internet could be used offensively as an additional medium in psychological operations campaign and to help achieve unconventional warfare objectives " -- including by manipulating journalists .
< 195 > Swett describes the value of building up " networks of human sources with access to the Internet ... in areas of security concern to the U.S. "
He specifically mentions forces involved in " unconventional warfare " that the U.S. may not want to be openly associated with -- which means various death squads , fascist groups and contra - style armies .
The operations Swett discusses are in addition to the Pentagon 's use of the Internet for conventional war .
During the Gulf War , General Colin Powell told Byte magazine ( July 1992 ) that the modern " battlespace " now has an " infosphere . "
Defense officials say that 25 percent of the Pentagon 's logistics communications during the Gulf War were sent back and forth over the Internet uncoded .
There is evidence that political police are already applying techniques Swett discusses .
And the Pentagon 's military intelligence is far from the only police agency involved .
According to Wired writer Brock N. Meeks , an FBI spokesperson named Settle admitted that , in 1992 , the FBI started actively recruiting " net literate " agents with computer science degrees and experience in network administration .
Two years later , Settle reported , the FBI had a team of 25 such agents .
There are also " unofficial " pigs openly announcing their intention to help the political police spy on the Internet .
Journalist Daniel Brandt ( in an article made available on various Internet sites through NameBase NewsLine ) reports that the Anti-Defamation League 's Tom Halpern announced that the ADL is " undertaking efforts to monitor the activities of Muslim extremists and others on the Internet . "
The Anti-Defamation League has a long history of carrying out spying that police cannot legally do .
Halpern made it clear what the ADL would do with its spy information : " When evidence arises that a posting constitutes or encourages illegal activities , naturally we 'd bring it to the attention of law enforcement . "
An Internet posting by InterPress Service ( May 4 , 1995 ) revealed that the United Nations had sponsored an international police conference in Cairo in May 1995 where more than 140 national delegations discussed police use of computers , the Internet and other " new media " to surveil and capture people .
The Visible Hoofprints
There have already been some publicized cases of aggressive police spying and entrapment , both on the Internet and over private computer networks like Compuserve and America Online ( AOL ) .
The cases reported in the press usually involve pornography rings and young hackers breaking into government computers -- so government agents can use " national security " and " decency " as justifications for more spying .
These stories give an idea of the kinds of techniques the political police are likely to be using in unpublicized political surveillance .
In one operation , the FBI used a technique called " the honeypot " :
With the cooperation of the America Online corporation , the police created a computer site that provided illegal pornographic materials .
For two years they made lists of people interested in such materials , and entrapped them in illegal acts .
More than 120 homes were raided and searched .
( Associated Press , September 14 , 1995 ) .
With the passage in Congress of the so - called " Communications Decency Act , " the FBI got long - sought legal powers to pressure the companies who maintain bulletin board sites .
This February , soon after this law was passed , a special three - judge panel was set up to hear legal challenges to this censorship law .
The FBI publicly agreed to wait until the legal issues were settled before starting any online investigations .
However , in secret , they started investigations anyway .
The New York Times reported ( May 11 ) that the FBI opened a secret spy operation investigating Compuserve , the huge corporate online network .
When confronted , the FBI said they were investigating " indecent materials " -- after complaints about Compuserve were sent to them by the Christian - fascist " American Family Association . "
The magazine Internet Today ( May 1996 ) describes a murder case in which the police confiscated the home computers of the murder victim and the suspected murderer -- and had America Online turn over records of the e-mail the two had exchanged .
This reveals legal powers police investigators are using to seize e-mail .
In this case , some of the e-mail records had supposedly been deleted , however AOL recovered the records for the police .
Nineteen - year - old Christopher Schanot was arrested in Philadelphia and accused of belonging to an " Internet Liberation Front " that allegedly breaks into military computers and carries out other " anti-commercial " hacking .
Schanot faces a possible 30 years in prison .
Some cases reveal international police cooperation in patrolling and controlling computer links :
In one important case , Interpol ( an international police organization ) had the Finnish police raid an Internet site that had been providing a valuable service for people who do n't want their e-mail addresses listed on their Internet messages .
Some anti-government forces have used this famous site known as anon. penet . fi to protect their identity while on line .
It strips the revealing addresses off e-mail , and sends the now - anonymous e-mail on to its final destination .
However , on February 1995 , a posting appeared signed by Julf , the administrator of anon.penet.fi .
It said " Based on a request from Interpol , the Finnish police have gotten a search - and - seizure warrant on my home and the anon. penet .
fi server , and gotten the real mail address of a user that has allegedly posted material stolen from the Church of Scientology .
Fortunately I managed to prevent them from getting more than this one , single address . "
International police forces want everyone participating on the Internet to be traceable .
In another case , U.S. authorities had Argentinian police arrest a young computer user who , they said , had broken into U.S. military computers .
Sometimes the political police use " covert operations " to suppress Internet sites .
One tactic has been so - called " e- mail bombing " -- the political police and allied reactionary forces send a massive wave of e-mail messages to a site they want to suppress ( often one that is operating outside their country 's borders ) .
The deluge of messages are intended to overload the phone lines of the business that provides the site 's Internet connection .
Last year , such an " e- mail bombing " hit a Basque separatist electronic magazine " Euskadi Information , " which was sharply criticizing the Spanish government from a Web site based in Switzerland .
The harassing e-mails caused the Swiss Internet provider to temporarily close down the Euskadi site .
Signs of Cyber-COINTELPRO
Recent U.S. government moves to expand its surveillance of telecommunications ( see the accompanying article , " The Push To Wiretap " ) make it clear that anyone using the Internet should assume that their communications could be intercepted and studied by the political police .
All discussions and disputes that take place over the Internet can be read by the police agents .
Unfortunately , some political forces encourage Internet practices that make valuable information available to the police .
For example , on PNEWS , a discussion list for left - leaning activists , the list administrator encourages new subscribers to publicly " introduce " themselves -- often listing their real names , political histories , inclinations and activities .
The Communist Party USA ( an outfit with pro-system politics behind a phony communist facade ) even asks its supporters to sign up for party membership over the Internet -- in full view of the political police .
Many activist groups and networks now conduct large parts of their internal life through e-mail exchanges on the Internet -- discussing recruitment , gossip , leadership , meetings and even conducting major political disputes .
Such practices produce networks and movements that are extremely vulnerable to police observation , infiltration and manipulation .
The well - documented FBI COINTELPRO operations of the 1960s and ' 70s used information gathered through spies to undermine anti-government movements -- especially revolutionary organizations like the Black Panthers .
In addition to notorious cases of FBI assassination , COINTELPRO operatives spread lies , false documents and rumors .
After they identified political disagreements , they worked to fan them into hostile ( and even violent ) splits .
COINTELPRO agents spread wild accusations - -" bad - jacketing " revolutionaries with the label " police agent . "
They worked to create a vicious , ugly atmosphere -- to turn honest people away from the revolutionary struggle .
And the COINTELPRO 's favorite tactic was to do these things from behind the scenes -- using anonymous letters and rumors spread by hidden infiltrators .
Many things happening on the Internet suggest that COINTELPRO has spread into cyberspace .
Whenever radical politics is discussed in open forums on the Internet - - disruptive elements flock in like flies , often ranting and insulting until everyone is driven away .
There are many cases of people posting ridiculous lies about progressive and revolutionary forces , often in ways that seem designed to create confusion and divisions among honest people .
There have also been incidents of people demanding inside information about progressive and revolutionary groups or demanding the " real names " of activists who participate in Internet discussions .
It is always hard to say for sure if a suspicious activity is the work of a fool or of a conscious police agent .
But this much can be said :
Any serious person watching the political discussions and disputes on the Internet will see many activities that resemble the classic disinformation and wrecking activities of the COINTELPRO .
Anyone using the Internet , downloading its posted information or thinking about participating in discussion groups should be vigilant about the enemy 's tricks .
*****
Many people using the Internet dream of using modern computer technology to bring humanity closer together , to make all kinds of information broadly available , to " empower " people and to weaken the hold of centralized government and corporate centers .
However , under capitalism , such dreams are brushed aside by the needs of the system .
The Internet is being privatized and commercialized .
All kinds of " credit card gates " and " ID systems " are being installed to identify who goes where , and to control what they see there .
Plans are being made to create an approved " Internet mainstream " -- and to shut down the corners of cyberspace that resist central control .
The ruepresentatives of intelligence agencies have come together to make sure that government spies can wiretap all the emerging forms of tele - communications .
At the highest levels , Meeks reports , representatives of the FBI and the National Security Agency are involved in plans to make sure that a so - called " backdoor " is built into the " National Information Infrastructure . "
( NII is the structures , regulations and technologies that decide how telephones , television cable and computer networks will wor
SAMSON , AL -- A gunman on a terrifying rampage across two southern Alabama counties Tuesday killed at least nine people , including members of his own family and apparent strangers , and burned down his mother 's home before fatally shooting himself , authorities said .
Police were investigating shootings in at least four different locations in several communities , all of which were believed to be the work of a single gunman who had not yet been identified by investigators .
The afternoon of bloodshed began in Kinston , near the Alabama - Florida border , where the shooter burned down his mother 's house , according to Coffee County Coroner Robert Preachers .
Officials located the woman 's body inside the house , but they had not been able to get inside the still - burning house to determine a cause of death or whether she was the 10th victim .
The gunman then headed east , into Geneva County , where he shot and killed five people -- four adults and a child -- at a home in the nearby town of Samson .
Then he killed one person each in two other homes .
The identities of all the victims were unknown , but Preachers said they included other members of the shooter 's family .
" He started in his mother 's house , " Preachers said .
" Then he went to Samson and he killed his granny and granddaddy and aunt and uncle .
He cleaned his family out . "
" We do n't know what triggered it , " Preachers added .
The gunman also shot at a state trooper 's car , striking the vehicle seven times and wounding the trooper with broken glass .
He then killed someone at a Samson supply store , and another person at a service station .
Samson contractor Greg McCullough said he was pumping gas at the station when the gunman opened fire , killing a woman coming out of the service station and wounding McCullough in the shoulder and arm with bullet fragments that struck his truck and the pump .
" I first thought it was somebody playing , " he said .
He said the gunman roared into the parking lot and slammed on his brakes .
Then he saw the rifle .
He said the gunman fired and the rifle appeared to jam , then he " went back to firing . "
Then he drove off .
McCullough , a father of two , said he tried to help the woman who was shot and yelled for someone to call an ambulance .
" I 'm just in awe that something like this could take place .
That someone could do such a thing .
It 's just shocking , " McCullough told The Associated Press in a telephone interview .
Police pursued the gunman to Reliable Metal Products just north of Geneva , about a dozen miles southeast of Samson , where he fired an estimated 30 rounds from a semiautomatic weapon , the DPS statement said .
One of the bullets hit Geneva Police Chief Frankie Lindsey , who was saved by his bulletproof vest .
The gunman then went inside the plant and shot himself , according to the DPS statement .
Reliable Metal Products makes grills and vents for heating and AC systems , mainly for hotels .
A person who answered the phone at the plant said no one could talk about the shooting .
State Rep. Warren Beck , a Republican whose district includes Geneva , said the gunman had worked at Reliable Metal .
" My secretary heard gunfire everywhere , " he said .
" This is one of the most tragic events ever in Geneva County . "
State Sen. Harri Anne Smith , R - Slocomb , said some of those killed in Samson were sitting outside .
" He was just driving down the street shooting at people sitting on their porches , " she said .
" A family was just sitting on the porch and they were shot . "
Smith and Beck were at the Statehouse when state troopers came to get them and took them to Geneva County .
Smith said the governor 's office is sending resources and state troopers are setting up a command post .
A white single - story house where the five people were killed in Samson was cordoned off by police .
Police had hung white sheets to the entranceway to shield the scene where authorities said a black hearse that pulled away late Tuesday was transporting victims ' bodies .
Samson Mayor Clay King said he knew the gunman but would n't identify him .
He declined to comment on a possible motive .
" What I 'm focusing on is people here in the town , making sure they feel comfortable , " said King , who added the town opened a crisis center at the First Baptist Church with counselors available .
King said he's the " most shocked person in the world " about the shooting .
" I 've lived here 44 years and never , never dreamed of this happening , " he said .
The towns of Geneva and Samson are near the Florida border in southeast Alabama .
Geneva 's population is about 4,400 and Samson , 2,000 .
In the center of Samson , authorities in sheriff 's cars and trucks with blue lights flashing blocked off part of East Main Street , where some of the shooting occurred .
At the hardware store , yellow tape was strung across the front of the store where at least five bullet holes punctured the glass windows to the store , with its wheelbarrows and Adirondack lawn chairs on display .
An orange - and - black sign to the store reading " Closed " lay on the ground outside the store atop the glass shards .
David Bradley , 51 , the owner of the hardware store , said he was inside behind the counter when the shooter opened fire outside his store .
At the time , there were five customers inside , plus Bradley 's 27 - year - old son , Justin .
" No one was injured inside the store , " David Bradley said , adding he did n't even get a glimpse at the suspect .
" It happened so quick . "
View Larger Map
• Read more on Michael McLendon and the Samson , Alabama shootings
A view of the leading edge of the remaining part of the Larsen B ice shelf that extends into the northwest part of the Weddell Sea is seen in this handout photo taken on March 4 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mariano Caravaca / Handout
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - One Antarctic ice shelf has quickly vanished , another is disappearing and glaciers are melting faster than anyone thought due to climate change , U.S. and British government researchers reported on Friday .
They said the Wordie Ice Shelf , which had been disintegrating since the 1960s , is gone and the northern part of the Larsen Ice Shelf no longer exists .
More than 3,200 square miles ( 8,300 square km ) have broken off from the Larsen shelf since 1986 .
Climate change is to blame , according to the report from the U.S. Geological Survey and the British Antarctic Survey , available at pubs.usgs.gov/imap/2600/B.
“ The rapid retreat of glaciers there demonstrates once again the profound effects our planet is already experiencing -- more rapidly than previously known -- as a consequence of climate change , ” U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said in a statement .
“ This continued and often significant glacier retreat is a wakeup call that change is happening ... and we need to be prepared , ” USGS glaciologist Jane Ferrigno , who led the Antarctica study , said in a statement .
“ Antarctica is of special interest because it holds an estimated 91 percent of the Earth ’s glacier volume , and change anywhere in the ice sheet poses significant hazards to society , ” she said .
In another report published in the journal Geophysical Letters , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reports that ice is melting much more rapidly than expected in the Arctic as well , based on new computer analyses and recent ice measurements .
The U.N. Climate Panel projects that world atmospheric temperature will rise by between 1.8 and 4.0 degrees Celsius because of emissions of greenhouse gases that could bring floods , droughts , heat waves and more powerful storms .
As glaciers and ice sheets melt , they can raise overall ocean levels and swamp low - lying areas .
As promised , here is my recipe for the finished pretzel bread .
It ’s seriously quite popular in my office , and that means I did something right .
Mike ’s Signature Pretzel Bread – makes 2 small loaves
2 ¼ tsp yeast
1 cup water ( 110 - 120 degrees )
2 Tbsp room temperature milk
1 Tbsp dark brown sugar
3 Tbsp butter
1 tsp kosher salt
2 ½ – 3 cups bread flour
4 quarts water
½ cup baking soda
Kosher salt to taste
2 Tbsp melted butter
Add yeast , water , milk , brown sugar and butter into a large bowl , whisking until all ingredients are combined .
Let mixture rest for 10 minutes for yeast to activate .
Mix in kosher salt .
Start by adding two cups of the flour to the bowl , combining it with other ingredients .
Add more flour as it ’s needed , reserving just a bit for coating the dough mat later .
The dough should form a slightly tacky , but firm ball .
Oil the bowl , place the dough ball in the bowl , and cover with a damp towel for 30 minutes .
After 30 minutes , knead the dough by hand or machine for at least 5 - 10 minutes until the dough is elastic and satiny .
Place dough back in the bowl and recover for 1 hour .
Preheat oven to 400 degrees and bring the 4 quarts of water to a boil .
When the water is boiling , slowly add the baking soda .
Remove the dough from the bowl and gently degas it .
Form two separate balls of dough , forming them into the shape you want .
Drop one of the smaller balls into the baking soda bath for no longer than 30 seconds , turning it once to guarantee both sides covered .
Drain the excess water from the dough and place it on an oiled baking sheet .
Repeat with second ball of dough .
Sprinkle the kosher salt over the bread to your specific tastes , and make sure to use a knife to cut a small incision on the top of the bread so the dough has somewhere to expand .
Cook the bread for 22 minutes , rotating the baking sheet once .
Once removed from the oven , immediately brush the melted butter over the loaves to guarantee a soft crust .
The economic crisis and the resurgence of class conflict in the United States
By David North
19 May 2009
The following is the text of a report given by David North , national chairman of the Socialist Equality Party , to the WSWS / SEP / ISSE regional conferences , “ The world economic crisis , the failure of capitalism , and the case for socialism . ”
This report is also available for download in PDF .
Nearly eight months have passed since the collapse of the Wall Street investment bank Lehman Brothers began the greatest economic and financial crisis since the breakdown of 1929 .
A growing number of economic analysts believe that the present crisis may eclipse that of the Great Depression .
This crisis will be protracted — lasting years , not months — and its long - term consequences will be far - reaching .
History is being made , and the world that emerges from this crisis will be very different from that which existed prior to the Lehman Brothers collapse of September 15 , 2008 .
The scale of the economic breakdown is difficult to comprehend .
No previous event in economic history has involved the sums of money , in the trillions of dollars , that have been squandered by the governments of the United States and Europe to prop up the banks and financial institutions whose reckless activities triggered the global meltdown .
If a criminal mastermind had managed to steal all the gold in Fort Knox , the value of his heist would have been far less than the sum of money turned over to the banks under the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) scheme .
The losses of the banks , according to the International Monetary Fund , are in the area of $ 4 trillion .
Total losses approach $ 50 trillion , including the $ 25 trillion to $ 30 trillion decline in share values on global equity markets .
The rapidity of the global economic downturn is without precedent .
Comparing the immediate aftermath of the Crash of 2008 to that of 1929 , two well - known economists , Barry Eichengreen and Kevin O’Rourke , state that the present situation is worse .
Production is down 12 percent , as compared to 5 percent in the six months that followed the 1929 Crash .
Trade has fallen 16 percent , as compared to 5 percent in the earlier crisis .
And though the signal event of the 1929 Crisis was the dramatic fall on Wall Street , the market collapse was far steeper in the final months of 2008 and the opening months of 2009 .
The collapse of global manufacturing is without precedent since the end of World War II .
As of March , European manufacturing has fallen 12 percent from a year ago ; Brazilian manufacturing is down 15 percent ; Taiwan manufacturing has dropped 43 percent ; and in the United States the drop , so far , is 11 percent .
As for trade , German exports are down 20 percent ; Japan ’s exports have fallen 46 percent ; and US exports are down 23 percent .
The clearest statistical indication of the scale of the economic crisis and its shattering social impact are provided by the figures related to unemployment .
The International Labor Organization ’s 2009 Global Trends report makes for chilling reading .
In 2008 unemployment increased by 10.7 million over the previous year , the largest increase since the Asian financial crisis of 1998 .
The total number of global unemployed reached 190 million , of whom 109 million were men and 81 million were women .
The number of unemployed youth reached 76 million .
The ILO projections for unemployment in 2009 are based on three different crisis scenarios .
The scenario that the ILO itself believes to be the most probable estimates that the number of unemployed will increase between 30 and 50 million people .
The actual figure will likely approach the higher number .
The ILO states that the threshold for poverty in less developed countries is an income of $ 2 per day .
For extreme poverty it is $ 1.25 per day .
The organization projects that a severe economic crisis will create an additional 200 million workers living in extreme poverty .
Another significant category tracked by the ILO is that of the vulnerably employed — that is , workers who endure extremely low wages , abusive conditions and negligible opportunities .
The number of such workers rose , according to the ILO , by 84 million in 2008 , to a total of 1.6 billion people .
While the social situation in the less developed regions is already catastrophic , the economic crisis is having a devastating impact on the working class in the advanced capitalist countries .
In the 30 richest countries , the economic crisis will increase unemployment by 25 million people .
The situation in the United States continues to deteriorate .
Another 563,000 people lost their jobs in April , and the national unemployment rate rose to 8.9 percent .
The total number of workers unemployed is now 13.7 million , the highest in the post - World War II era .
Since the onset of the economic crisis , 6,000,000 workers have been thrown out of work .
In March , unemployment increased by 62,000 in California , 51,000 in Florida , 47,000 in Texas , 41,000 in North Carolina , 39,000 in Illinois , and 37,000 in Ohio .
The highest regional unemployment rate is in the West , where it now stands at 9.8 percent .
It is 9.0 percent in the Midwest .
On a statewide basis , Michigan ’s unemployment rate ( as of March ) of 12.6 percent is the highest in the country , followed by Oregon with 12.1 percent of workers without jobs , South Carolina with 11.4 percent , California with 11.2 percent , North Carolina with 10.8 percent , Rhode Island with 10.5 percent , Nevada with 10.4 percent , and Indiana with 10 percent .
These levels of unemployment translate into other indices of extreme social distress : a tidal wave of foreclosures and personal bankruptcies , declining college enrollments , rising crime rates , and a general deterioration in the health and well being of the population .
Wage cuts of 10 percent and higher have been imposed on workers throughout the country , eroding living standards and pushing millions of workers to the very brink of financial disaster .
What is the prognosis for the future ?
At what point will the “ bottom ” be reached and a “ rebound ” begin ?
The recent rise in global markets from their March lows is being proclaimed as the beginning of a turnaround .
Aside from the direct impact of multi-billion - dollar infusions of public money into the banking system , there is little hard data that justifies various optimistic forecasts of an imminent end of the recession .
Let us keep in mind that the most recent US employment statistics showed nothing more promising than a slightly less severe rate of job losses .
That is not exactly great news .
Moreover , speculation about an imminent “ rebound ” reflects an incorrect understanding of the present crisis .
Of course , it is not entirely beyond the realm of possibility that there may be , at some point , an improvement in the conjuncture .
Nor is it difficult to imagine that the economic situation may continue to deteriorate .
However , whatever the short - term fluctuations in the markets and other indices of the global economy , there will not be a return to the status quo ante .
The previous conditions are gone and will not return .
This is not only because massive damage has been done to the global financial system .
This crisis marks the breakdown in the global structure of world capitalism as it emerged from the Second World War .
It is not an accident that the present crisis originated in the United States .
The essential significance of this crisis lies precisely in the fact that it arises out of the long - developing deterioration of the dominant global economic position of the United States .
This crisis is the form in which a fundamental restructuring of the American and global economy , and the social and class relations upon which it is based , is taking place .
It can be resolved only in one of two ways : Either on a capitalist or on a socialist basis .
The first , the capitalist solution , will mean a drastic lowering of the living standards of the working class in the United States , Europe and throughout the world .
This solution will require massive internal repression , the destruction of the democratic rights of the working class , and the unleashing of military violence on a scale not seen since World War II .
The only alternative to this catastrophic scenario is the socialist solution , which requires the taking of political power by the American and international working class , the establishment of popular democratic control of industrial , financial and natural resources , and the development of a scientifically - planned global economy that is dedicated to the satisfaction of the needs of society as a whole , rather than the destructive pursuit of profit and personal wealth .
The crisis has laid bare the corrupt and parasitical character of the world capitalist system , based on American - inspired “ free - market ” capitalism that has evolved over the past 30 years .
The vast enrichment of a small section of society and the unprecedented growth of social inequality were , as has now become clear , the symptoms of a corrupt and diseased economic system .
In the harsh light of this crisis , an increasing number of economic commentators are acknowledging that the policies and practices that led to the present crisis can be traced back to the coming to power of Margaret Thatcher in Britain in 1979 and the election of Ronald Reagan in 1980 .
Their dual victories led to a repudiation of the managed capitalism advocated by John Maynard Keynes and the introduction of the free - market “ fundamentalism ” of Milton Friedman .
There is an element of truth in this analysis , but it evades the more basic question : why did this change take place ?
The shift from Keynesianism to Friedmanite free - market fundamentalism was a response by powerful sections of the ruling class in Britain and the United States to an already far - advanced crisis of the capitalist system .
As far back as 1967 , there were growing indications that the mechanisms devised by Keynes to stabilize and rebuild capitalism in the aftermath of World War II were breaking down .
The system of dollar - gold convertibility adopted at the Bretton Woods Conference of 1944 , which established the stable international monetary system that provided the basis for the post - war economic expansion , was increasingly unviable by the late 1960s .
In August 1971 , the system broke down completely when President Richard Nixon ended dollar - gold convertibility .
Three interrelated factors contributed to the breakdown of Bretton Woods .
The first was the gradual erosion in the course of the 1950s and 1960s of the dominant economic position that the United States had enjoyed in the aftermath of the Second World War .
The second was a general decline in the rate of profit in the mid-1960s that placed considerable pressure on American , European and Japanese corporations and intensified global competitive pressures .
Finally , the militancy of the working class , throughout the world , frustrated efforts by the capitalist class to find a way out of the crisis through the intensified exploitation of the working class .
The period between 1967 and 1975 was characterized by an international eruption of working class militancy and political radicalization .
The French General Strike of May - June 1968 , the massive strike wave in Italy in 1969 , the upsurge of the working class in South America , the powerful strikes in Britain , spearheaded by the coal miners , that eventually forced the right - wing conservative government out of office , the strikes of shipyard workers in Gdansk that staggered the Stalinist regime in Poland , and the resistance of Greek , Portuguese and Spanish workers that ultimately shattered the dictatorships in their countries were among the most significant manifestations of a global wave of labor militancy that was assuming revolutionary dimensions .
This movement extended well beyond the major capitalist centers .
Throughout Africa , the Middle East , Latin America and Asia , the popular masses were engaged in mass struggles aimed at the eradication of the remaining vestiges of American and European colonialism .
The struggle of the Vietnamese masses was the most heroic manifestation of this worldwide movement .
The working class in the United States played a significant role in this global process .
The historic struggle for civil rights that shook American society in the 1950s and 1960s was , in essence , a struggle by the most exploited and impoverished sections of the American working class against oppression and discrimination that was rooted , in the final analysis , in the class structure of American society .
In cities such as Los Angeles , Newark , and Detroit , these struggles assumed an insurrectionary form .
The state governments responded by mobilizing their national guards and imposing martial law .
In the case of Detroit , President Lyndon Johnson dispatched federal troops to suppress the popular revolt .
Strike activity — the most basic indicator of class militancy — increased dramatically from the mid-1960s on , among broad sections of the industrial working class .
After the stormy struggles of the 1930s and late 1940s , there had been a gradual decline in strikes in the 1950s and early 1960s .
An exception was 1959 , when a bitter 116 - day strike involving hundreds of thousands of steelworkers cost steel companies millions of man-days in lost production time .
Between 1960 and 1966 , the number of man-days lost as a result of strikes oscillated between 10 and 16 million annually .
The situation shifted radically in 1967 , when work stoppages cost employers 31 million man-days .
The figure rose to 35 million man-days in 1968 .
In 1969 it slipped slightly to 29 million man-days .
In 1970 the total man -days lost as a result of work stoppages hit 52.7 million .
That was the year of a two - month - long strike of auto workers against General Motors .
It was also the year of the massacre by national guardsmen of four students at Kent State University .
Strike levels declined to about 16 million work days lost in 1972 and 1973 , in large measure due to the collaboration of the AFL - CIO , Teamsters and UAW on a Government - Management - Labor committee that had been set up to control wage demands .
But in 1974 , spearheaded by militant coal miners , work stoppages claimed almost 32 million man-days .
Strike levels slipped to 17.5 million man-days in 1975 .
However , for the rest of the decade , from 1976 through 1980 , strikes cost employers between 20 and 23 million man-days .
These figures testified to the immense combativity of the working class throughout the 1970s .
The high point of class militancy was the national coal miners ’ strike of 1977 - 78 .
The strikers rejected two sell - out contracts negotiated by the union bureaucracy and defied a back - to - work order issued by President Jimmy Carter , who was acting under the provisions of the notorious Taft - Hartley Act .
A review of this history is necessary in order to appreciate the changes in American society over the past 30 years .
This year marks the 30th anniversary of three events that signaled the beginning of a vicious counter - offensive by the ruling class against the working class .
The conditions for this counter - offensive had been created by the fact that the struggles of the working class in the 1960s and 1970s , despite their militancy , had lacked any independent political perspective .
The alliance of the trade union bureaucracy with the Democratic Party kept the mass movement within the shackles of capitalist politics and capitalist economics .
In other words , the movement eventually arrived at a dead end , which provided the ruling class with an opportunity to reverse its retreats of the previous decades and go on the offensive .
The counter - offensive began with the appointment by President Carter , a Democrat , of Paul Volcker as chairman of the Federal Reserve .
The Bulletin , the forerunner of the World Socialist Web Site , warned on July 27 , 1979 , that his appointment signified “ a declaration of war on jobs and working class living standards . ”
This analysis was quickly vindicated .
Volcker immediately set about to break the back of working class militancy by raising interest rates to unprecedented levels , thus provoking a severe recession and driving up unemployment .
Under Volcker , the prime rate eventually went as high as 21.5 percent .
The second event was the announcement by Chrysler that it would shut down a major production facility in Detroit , the famous Dodge Main plant in Hamtramck that employed several thousand workers .
This decision was accepted by the UAW , which ignored demands by rank - and - file workers for action to defend jobs .
Opposition was strangled and the factory closed without resistance .
Finally , the UAW bureaucracy decided to grant Chrysler major concessions on wages and work rules .
This began a pattern of union - management collaboration that cleared the way for subsequent attacks on the jobs , wages , working conditions , and benefits of all sections of the American working class .
All these events took place even before Reagan was elected president .
His accession to the presidency in January 1981 accelerated and intensified the war on the working class that Carter had begun in 1979 .
The defining event of the Reagan presidency — the firing of 11,000 striking air traffic controllers , members of PATCO — sent a signal to all corporations that strike - breaking and union - busting was legitimate and would enjoy the support of the government .
However , Reagan ’s destruction of PATCO would not have succeeded had he not received the support of the AFL - CIO bureaucracy , which opposed any action in defense of the victimized air traffic controllers .
In the years that followed , the AFL - CIO bureaucracy sanctioned a wave of government and corporate strikebreaking .
There were no shortage of strikes during the 1980s — by Greyhound bus drivers , Continental pilots , Phelps Dodge copper miners , Hormel meatpacking workers , and AT Massey coal miners , to name only a few of the best known struggles of the 1980s .
But these and virtually every other strike were isolated by the AFL - CIO and defeated .
In the case of the Hormel strike , the United Food and Commercial Workers Union decertified the local that was at the heart of the strike .
As they collaborated with the government , the Democratic Party and big business in smashing strikes , the unions entered into explicitly corporatist relationships — modeled on the labor - business syndicates established in fascist Italy and Nazi Germany during the 1920s and 1930s — that espoused unrestrained union - management collaboration .
In an action that symbolized its corporatist ideology , the UAW adopted the practice of placing a hyphen between its name and that of the Big Three auto companies , as in “ UAW - GM , ” “ UAW - Chrysler , ” and “ UAW - Ford . ”
After a decade of sabotage , the AFL - CIO , UAW and Teamsters were unions in name only .
They had ceased to exist as organizations that were in any way associated with the defense of the working class .
Rather , they served the financial and social interests of an upper middle - class stratum of right - wing functionaries , policing workers on behalf of and in collaboration with the corporations .
The most telling statistical evidence of the impact of the corporate - controlled unions on the working class is the virtual disappearance of strikes in the United States .
Between 1990 and 1999 , there was not one year where even six million man-days were lost as a result of strikes .
During the present decade the situation has been even worse .
Except for 2000 , when 20 million days were lost — as a result of the protracted strike of actors ( which claimed more than 17 million days ) — strikes in subsequent years ( 2001 - 2008 ) oscillated from a low of 659,000 days lost ( in 2002 ) to a high of 4 million ( in 2003 ) .
Since 2004 , the number of man-days lost due to work stoppages averages out to just about 2 million days annually .
The consequences of the suppression of class struggle by the right - wing bureaucratic labor organizations are seen in the huge growth of social inequality , the stagnation and decline in working class living standards , the emergence of a financial oligarchy that wields unprecedented political power , the erosion of democracy and , finally , the growth of militarism .
The reactionary and socially destructive character of economic development within the United States and internationally depended on the intense and active collaboration of the trade union bureaucracy .
However , it must be stressed that this was not a uniquely American phenomenon .
Analogous social processes took place internationally .
Capitalism survived the immense working class upsurge of the period between 1968 and 1975 due to the betrayals of the labor bureaucracies .
The Stalinist and social democratic bureaucracies played , in their own way , no less a reactionary role than the pro-capitalist labor bureaucrats in the United States .
The election of Margaret Thatcher in Britain in May 1979 cleared the path for the introduction of free - market policies that mirrored those of the US , and with similar social consequences .
And , as in the United States , the labor bureaucracy played the decisive role in suppressive working class opposition to the policies of the right - wing government .
Moreover , the decision of the Stalinist regimes to reintroduce capitalism in the countries they dominated during the post war period had an immense impact on global politics and economics during the last 20 years .
The dissolution of the Soviet Union and the reintroduction of capitalism into Eastern Europe opened up enormous new resources for exploitation by the United States , European and Japanese capitalism .
Even more significant in economic terms was the reintroduction of capitalism into China by the Stalinist regime .
The economic transformation of China into a global center of low - cost manufacturing began in the 1980s .
This process generated social conflict that culminated in 1989 with the mass protests of student youth and workers .
The massacre that occurred in Tiananmen Square in June 1989 was the decisive event in suppressing popular opposition to the right - wing policies of the Stalinist regime .
The suppression of class struggle in the advanced capitalist countries and the restoration of capitalism in Eastern Europe and China created a favorable environment for the policies associated with the massive growth of the finance industry , laden with debt , during the 1980s , 1990s and the first decade of the 21st century .
This was an environment that required the suppression of all restraints — social , political and even legal — on the recklessly speculative operations of capital .
A protracted period of social and political reaction signifies the forcible and artificial suppression of social and economic contradictions .
The degree to which these contradictions have been suppressed determines the force and intensity of the crisis that follows .
It is , therefore , to be expected that the present crisis will give rise to explosive social upheavals .
During its first 100 days , the Obama administration has devoted its energies to protecting the wealth and interests of the financial oligarchy .
The recent surge in the stock market — which began after Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner unveiled the administration ’s bail - out plan and gained strength after Obama sanctioned a massive restructuring of the auto industry — reflects Wall Street ’s confidence in the White House .
The bank bailout , funded by taxpayers , made it clear to the financial oligarchy that no expense will be spared to protect its interests .
Obama ’s intervention in the auto crisis further demonstrated that the administration saw the broader economic breakdown as an opportunity to drastically restructure social relations within the United States at the expense of the working class .
This is what Rahm Emanuel , Obama ’s chief of staff , really had in mind when he said , “ Never let a crisis go to waste . ”
As New York Times business analyst Floyd Norris wrote on May 2 :
This may come to be seen as Mr. Obama ’s “ Nixon in China ” moment .
Just as it took a conservative Republican to open relations with the largest Communist country in the world , it took a liberal Democrat to break the UAW .
Of course , it is necessary to add the following crucial caveat : Obama hardly had to “ break ” the UAW .
It had long ago ceased to be a union in any socially and politically meaningful sense of the word .
The UAW is an organization that serves the interest of a vast administration that bases its income on a parasitic , exploitative and duplicitous relationship with the organization ’s membership .
The international headquarters of the United Auto Workers employs more than 2,000 people .
The printout of UAW International employees runs approximately 130 legal - size pages .
Total disbursements to the staff at the UAW ’s International Headquarters in 2008 , in the form of salaries , allowances and expenses , were , according to the union ’s official financial statement , $ 101,896,200 !
Most of the employees are identified as “ servicing representatives , ” “ organizers , ” “ stenographers , ” and “ administrative assistants . ”
In other words , they occupy sinecures , for which they are required to do nothing more than support the top union executives .
Approximately one quarter of the staff is paid over $ 110,000 per year .
Most of the several hundred “ servicing representatives ” receive salaries and additional cash subsidies that run between $ 120,000 and $ 140,000 per year .
The typical “ servicing representative ” is a semi-retired right - wing bureaucrat in his late 40s or 50s from a union local — which , due to factory shutdowns , may no longer even exist — who is “ responsible ” in some rather vague sense for overseeing contract agreements covering a few hundred union members .
A large number of UAW International staff members share blood ties , so it is not unusual to find families that are collectively receiving more than $ 200,000 annually in union payments .
The UAW ’s massive loss of membership has had no significant impact on the financial well being of the administration .
In 2001 , the union had a membership of 701,000 members .
Its total assets were appraised at $ 1.1 billion .
By 2008 , its membership had fallen to 431,000 — a drop of approximately 40 percent .
However , during this same period , the UAW ’s assets rose to $ 1.2 billion .
The increase of assets has made possible a substantial increase in the income of the UAW ’s administration .
In 2000 , the International paid its staff $ 89.6 million in salaries .
In 2008 , the salaries had grown to $ 100.9 million .
Looking at these figures in another way , in 2000 the UAW ’s central bureaucracy received $ 133 in income per union member .
Just eight years later , the central bureaucracy received $ 233 in income per union member .
One must keep in mind , as one reviews these figures , that they cover only the staff at the UAW International headquarters .
Additional tens of millions are grubbed by the staffs employed by the vast network of local union fleshpots .
And beyond the UAW , there are hundreds of other “ union ” organizations that operate along the same lines , collectively doling out billions of dollars in salaries and benefits to the largest and most expensive corporate - controlled labor - management police force in the world .
Everything that Obama has done has been carried out with the UAW ’s approval .
The settlement agreement reached between Chrysler and the UAW , prior to the company ’s announcement of bankruptcy , includes the following provisions :
1 ) The cost - of - living allowance is being suspended ; 2 ) Previously negotiated performance bonuses are being suspended ;
3 ) Christmas bonuses are being suspended ;
4 ) Relief time for employers is being substantially cut ; 5 ) The use of temporary employees is being extended ; 6 ) All disputes will be submitted to binding arbitration ;
7 ) Retiree health benefits are being cut immediately .
In the aftermath of Chrysler ’s bankruptcy announcement , the UAW is claiming that its close ties with the Obama administration will provide significant protection for Chrysler workers .
This is a lie .
Again , to quote Norris :
It is said that the United Auto Workers , which supported Mr. Obama in the election last year , is effectively being paid off by treating the bondholders worse than the retirees .
I disagree .
The retirees may have a little better chance of getting benefits they were promised , but the current workers are getting little more than being allowed to keep some of their jobs .
The open involvement of the UAW in these massive attacks has destroyed what little was left of the credibility of this reactionary organization among auto workers .
They understand that they have been betrayed by this organization .
The workers ’ defense of their basic rights and class interests must and will lead to a rebellion against the UAW and all the other pro-corporate and pro-capitalist organizations .
New forms of class organizations will emerge as workers move into struggle against the capitalist system .
We have already reviewed the extraordinary decline in the number of strikes , and of workers involved in strikes , during the past 20 years .
The virtual absence of industrial conflict between 1989 and 2009 sets these two decades apart from any other period in post - Civil War America .
A review of every decade between the 1870s and 1980s would demonstrate that each of them witnessed significant levels of industrial class conflict .
The 1990s and the 2000s stand out in sharp contrast .
But this anomalous character of the past two decades must be analyzed in the context of another principal characteristic of this period ; that is , the staggering increase in wealth accumulation in the very richest sections of the American ruling class .
In 1947 the richest .01 percent of the population claimed 1 percent of the national income .
This was significantly less than the 3.61 percent of the national income that it claimed in 1929 , prior to the Wall Street crash .
The intervening years had been marked by violent class conflict and the rise of the Congress of Industrial Organizations .
By 1973 the income share of the richest .01 percent had declined to 0.6 percent of national income .
This low point was a consequence , above all , of the preceding two and a half decades of consistently high levels of class conflict .
This process began to move in the opposite direction — toward an ever - greater concentration of wealth in the richest .01 percent ( and , in fact , in the wealthiest 5 percent ) from 1979 on .
In that year , the richest .01 percent garnered 0.9 percent of the national income .
By 1989 its income share had risen to 2.3 percent .
By 1999 the income share of the top stratum reached 2.92 percent .
By 2006 , the last year for which we have figures ( based on the studies of Professors Piketty and Saez ) , the income share of the richest Americans had reached 3.76 percent .
If we now examine the income share of the top 0.1 percent ( one - tenth of 1 percent ) of the population , this layer garnered 8.7 percent of the national income in 1929 .
By 1947 its share had declined to 3.4 percent .
At its low point in 1973 , its income share had fallen to 2.2 percent .
In 1979 it had risen to 2.7 percent .
In 1989 its share had leapt to 5.5 percent .
By 1999 it had reached 8 percent .
In 2006 the income share of the top 0.1 percent stood at 9.1 percent .
Finally , let us look at the income of those who comprise the top 1 percent .
In 1929 , this stratum received 19.8 percent of the national income .
In 1947 its share had dropped to 11.25 percent .
In 1973 , the low point , its share of national income was 8.3 percent .
By 1979 it had risen slightly to 9 percent .
By 1999 its share had more than doubled to 18.4 percent .
And in 2006 it stood at 20 percent .
That is , the richest one percent of the population received one fifth of the national income .
When the graph of the income share of the wealthiest section of the capitalist class between 1947 and 2006 is superimposed on the graph of strike levels during the same period , the relationship between these variables is vividly illustrated .
High levels of workplace militancy and open class conflict are associated with a decline in wealth accumulation among the rich and of social inequality .
Under conditions in which social conflict is suppressed , wealth accumulation increases rapidly along with the level of social inequality .
As the graph of these related phenomena demonstrates , the gap between the lines of wealth accumulation of the richest .1 percent and the level of strike activity has grown dramatically during the past 20 years .
This gap — which can be defined as a potential “ zone of conflict ” — has reached dimensions that are not compatible with social “ peace . ”
In terms of social inequality , the United States is now back to where it was in 1929 , prior to the Great Depression and the ensuing social upsurge of the working class .
There are limits to the ability of the Obama administration and the trade union apparatus to suppress social conflict .
The social contradictions of the United States have reached a point where an explosive renewal of the class struggle is unavoidable .
But the coming struggles will not merely repeat the patterns of the past .
At the beginning of the year , the SEP stated :
The tasks of the SEP proceed from the logic of the socioeconomic and political crisis of American and world capitalism .
The party anticipates that the deepening crisis will lead to the social and political radicalization of the working class in the United States and internationally .
This radicalization will find expression in the development of mass struggles that strive to break free of the bureaucratic shackles of the reactionary trade unions and assume an increasingly political and anti-capitalist dimension .
History has once again taken a sharp turn .
The past 12 months have witnessed an extraordinary transformation of the objective situation .
Mankind is entering into a new period of political upheavals and social struggles , on a world scale , which will decide the fate of humanity .
The objective prerequisites for world socialist revolution are emerging with extreme rapidity .
Thus , the role of the subjective factor , the revolutionary party , assumes decisive historical significance .
The chasm between the maturity of the objective situation and the present consciousness of the working class must be overcome .
This requires , above all , the recruitment of workers and youth into the SEP and their political education on the basis of Marxist theory and the history of the Fourth International .
This is the task to which the International Committee of the Fourth International and the Socialist Equality Party must direct all its efforts in 2009 .
Nothing that has occurred during the past five months leads us to believe that this analysis and perspective should be revised .
Rather , the single - minded and unrelenting efforts of the Obama administration to resolve the crisis in the interests of the financial oligarchy will exacerbate class tensions .
Whatever the immediate impulse for the renewal of open class conflict , its form , character and goals will , in the final analysis , be determined by the advanced stage of the crisis of American and world capitalism .
The coming battles of the American working class , unfolding as part of an emerging movement of the international working class , will assume the form of a political struggle for power and for socialism .
Six Word Story : Cake and pie !
E2's First Annual Six Word Story Quest
The Quest has ended !
The Brevity Quest for this year has come and gone , but I feel like we are n't being anywhere nearly as concise as we could be .
In fact , Ernest Hemingway won a bet with a story only six words long , and from then on he would brag that the following story was one of his greatest :
Wired feels the same way .
They recently collected a bunch of six word stories from a number of other authors1 , and here are just a few of those :
Now , I think we can do just as well as they can .
In fact , I know we can do better than that .
Benjamin Franklin once said that frugality was a virtue , and if there 's something you can never have too much of , it 's virtue , so why not just take this to the logical extreme ?
Here 's the rules :
Your six word story may be no more and no less than six words .
I will accept no more than six submissions from any one noder to be included in the quest at month 's end .
Your story may be in any language , on any subject .
Do not create a new node for a submission .
Six words is far too short for its own node .
Instead , simply message me your story with the tag " 6WS " or something similar included , and I 'll add it to this very node .
create a new node for a submission .
Six words is far too short for its own node .
Instead , simply message me your story with the tag " 6WS " or something similar included , and I 'll add it to this very node .
I will accept new submissions up until server midnight on March 31 , 2009 .
Note that this has passed , and submissions are Closed .
.
You may vote for three six word stories .
Voting is open until April 4 , 2009 , and you may change your vote whenever you like to give new submissions a fair chance .
six word stories .
Voting is open until April 4 , 2009 , and whenever you like to give new submissions a fair chance .
At the end of the quest , I will post the top three and award bonuses in the form of fabulous and mysterious e2 prizes .
Grand Prize : 6 C!s , 6 tokens , and 600 GP Second Prize : 6 tokens and 600 GP Third Prize : 6 tokens and 6 GP Runners - Up : 60 GP All Participants : 6 GP
That 's it !
These are way easy , and they 're something anyone can do .
I look forward to your submissions !
Much thanks to The Custodian for the original inspiration .
1
Submissions :
Pretentious ?
No , I play the glockenspiel .
Somehow , I was colored chartreuse .
Again .
Age twelve , learning HTML : Blink tags !
He snorted .
" Me , mosey ?
As if . "
Day 17 : Very hungry .
Lasers everywhere .
Cheated on Turing Test .
Brain confiscated .
Humanity exterminated self .
Replay ?
Insert coin .
Star cats arrive !
Join ours , napping .
Man picks up gun .
Death follows .
" Hooker - beating ShamWow guy is ex-Scientologist ! "
" We are just friends , " she said .
She wore high heel boots .
Yeowza .
Collision course asteroid .
Time to party .
" But time travel 's impossible ! " exclaimed Caesar .
Day eight : function fulfilled , God died .
" Apology not accepted " , said the Universe .
Earth 's last words : " Goodbye , cruel humans ! "
Killed bad guys .
Got the girl .
Woman dies , funeral lasts for weeks .
A Demon walked in .
We waited .
Tide rises , falls , then rises again
No !
Don't .
Stop .
Do n't stop .
Yes !
I saw .
I conquered .
I came .
All over now .
Sometimes I remember .
Loved speed .
Funeral Tuesday .
Not his .
Oblivious lovers .
Surprise return .
Funerals Wednesday .
I stopped drinking whisky at fourteen .
Those thirty shekels paid my mortgage .
- Grand Prize Winner !
Hannibal slays Scipio .
Europe speaks Punic .
If I 'd known , you 'd be dead .
Lost myself , and found myself again .
Summer , Autumn , Winter , Spring , Summer , Summer ...
Bushfire apocalypse , with rain , new genesis .
Tiny birth , epic climb , safe pouch .
Tiger above , Dragon below , lotus branch .
Shifting parallax ; writer , subject , mentor , me .
The Tree is filing the birds ...
Ringing !
Awakened reaching .
" Who ?
Uh , no ! "
Send replacement magnifying glass .
Ants organizing .
- Second Place Winner !
Nuit blanche , Amsterdam .
Paranoid on repeat . " ...e2 slash fanfic ... GhettoAardvark 's one word ? "
" Forgive me , " he whispered to nobody .
- Runner - Up !
Sesquipedalianism perversely elongates ostensibly concise narrative .
Before we die , I just want —
Standing close her need was palpable
So she ate all her fingers .
The captain 's still alive , abandon ship Foie gras .
A snack for later .
Adam , this is Eve .
She 's fertile .
My life 's story , short version : REDACTED .
Catch .
MVP .
Overdose .
" This sporting life ... "
Moribund epicist discovers brevity .
Life begins .
Director cast AI Hamlet .
Ophelia drowned .
Bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk !
Klikkaklakkaklaskaklopatzklatschabattacreppycrottygraddaghsemmihsammihnouithappluddyappladdypkonpkot !
Ullhodturdenweirmudgaardgringnirurdrmolnirfenrirlukkilokkibaugimandodrrerinsurtkrinmgernrackinarockar !
Then quiet tumult .
Death unachieved , he wore the tie .
This cubicle exchanges glances with infinity .
Ptolemy never saw the stars tonight .
There is a story unimpeded here .
I fell .
She fell .
Not together .
I won .
I won .
We lost .
born too small , lived too little .
Loud music , glow sticks , and her .
I put this on my tombstone .
I got drunk to do this
We solved all humanity 's problems !
However -- " I love you . "
" No , you do n't . "
THE REVOLUTION WILL NOT BE TWEETED
Pie at 30,000 feet -- clown heaven .
Ah shoud n't hahv ricked dith pole .
We 'll never know unless we operate .
Awoke in Middle - Earth , still drunk .
The core borehole struck chocolate filling .
I wonder where I am now .
Load .
Cock .
Aim . Fire .
Verify .
Scream .
She grinned .
I smiled .
We lived !
It was n't easy .
It should 've been .
Cancer : no evidence of disease .
Joy !
Place newborn on mom's tummy .
Joy !
Baby heartrate five .
Did n't die .
Joy !
Investment risk laughable next to birth .
Woke me up at midnight .
Damn .
2[ Seraphim ] attacking windows .
Detonating boiler .
xxx Messiah SALE !
Twelve pieces of silver !
Weeping , served our robot master martinis .
Listening at door , heard postman moan .
Fun coin , so permeates readers ( nine ) ?
Through the tapered lid , " I 'm sorry " Take my purple heart .
It 's rusty .
The snow angel stares , wings frozen .
We danced , untangling our double helix .
Newly blind , he considers the moon
I pondered transcendance .
It slipped away .
" Mom is home , be quiet . " " Vaseline ? "
Zeswoordenverhaalwedstrijd door nederlandstalige " te gemakkelijk " uitgemaakt
If she did n't speak , who would ?
Children are cruel , but winter moreso .
As the heart slowed , she prayed .
He was never to return home .
" Not you guys again , " said Jesus .
Patient , suicidal amoebas evolved ; thinking , " human ... " she slept through the plane crash
He would pay for sex .
Eventually .
Juliet !
Whiskey ?
Charley ?
Hotel tango ?
Bravo !
Zombies rose , but Earth was deserted
vending machine crushes man , pleads guilty to undo last action , press 3 foetus murders 4 men , with coathanger
Honest , Joseph , it was an angel .
Recovering Lukaemia patient thanks donor 's family .
Slept in .
Missed plane .
Plane crashed .
Happily ever after ?
No chance , Cinders .
Revolutionaries execute tyrant .
Life does n't improve .
Oh , did n't I mention ?
I 'm married .
Loved her .
Married .
Cheated .
Whiskey .
Suicide preponderant parents , pot percocet poppy potions
J 6 ?! omg u fkn donk .
Enhanced chicken , this one can fly !
Argentinean millionaire , forced marriage ; Torrid affair .
You promised never to detrouser me !
Lawn guy blown away with leafblower
Get born , marry , patiently await death .
Sold to the gentleman on fire !
ultimate intelligence fined for public drunkenness .
Blacklight power proven right .
Ocean explodes .
Perfect story written : zero words long .
Assertion failure ( ' loves owner ' ) .
Contact manufacturer .
Created by stars .
Destroyed by man .
Help Wanted .
Janitorial .
Must n't Be Squeamish .
Grass is greener !
Oh .
Cow shit .
farmer 's son slays dragon , inherits kingdom
Lived for the moment .
Died anyway .
He got clingy .
My eyes wandered .
When we are alone , we think .
Ultimately , we do n't have a clue .
Nobody understands until it finally happens .
Once the world 's done , it 's done .
You 're born .
You live .
You 'll die .
This is all we have .
Deal .
Sometimes I wonder why I bother .
Six words .
Should be easy .
Is n't .
Technology is evil .
Enough said .
OK .
Red light flashing .
SO DAMN IRRITATING !!!!!!
It 's my way , or the highway .
This is your heart on drugs .
My heart , another thing never returned .
Must level this craft , before it ....
Waited .
She came , left .
Gone forever .
Fifteen rounds .
Cancer versus grundoon .
Hallelujah .
- Runner - Up !
Repairing broken heart , dentist foregoes flossing .
Bell slams receiver down .
" Damned telemarketers ! "
One second left !
Oops , cheap watch .
World crashing .
Bought gold .
Helped somewhat .
The bandit 's eyes widened .
" BOSS NO ! "
Reads Proust between running the register .
Contraband snapshot tucked into bridal bustier .
Leaving orbit , she 's remembering elementary school .
Bleach removes blood , leaving frantic silence .
I figured ' twas destiny .
Fate disagreed .
Her face was beautiful .
Melted well .
" The End is near !
The End --"
Try as he might , he failed .
The monster rose , and I reloaded .
" Take my life , Lord . "
" Well , alright . "
It 's the second worst thing ever .
Seventeen invitations sent .
No one came .
I snogged him on the stairs .
Old media dead .
Blog @ 11 .
I 'll use SEVEN words , just you -- Took responsibility for myself .
Smoked cigarettes .
" Hey baby , did ya miss me ? "
She 's a redhead .
They always are .
One month of concision .
Good luck !
It had taken over the fetus .
The dog 's erstwhile master snuffled earth .
Trees bled with men that day .
Vegetarians got the worst strontium dose .
Come with me .
Your life awaits .
" I 'm free ! " " Yes , I know .
Scram ! "
Hello sir .
I 'm a representative of You 're staying right here until you How did you get in here ?
Happy Human Kit™ , some assembly required .
Volunteers needed , will waive launching fee .
" Blow - jobs are handy too , " Mom said .
Bought gun .
Shot between the eyes .
Suicide attempt .
Murder trick unsuccessful .
Death .
Who ?
What ?
Where ?
Jack .
Murdered .
Subway .
Revenge was sweet .
Her vagina was n't .
" Dude ! " he said .
" Do n't push that - ! "
Dog howls .
No People .
No food .
" Nicole , Ron , come here ! " said O.J. " Never again ! " she screamed to body .
Ship leaves Earth , mourning its occupants .
" Traffic 's great ! " said man still employed .
Ca n't bring up platter ?
Dumb waiter .
I gazed into eternity ; found hope .
" Stay , " he said , " Forever . " I left .
A million emotions collaged together : Woman .
An aerodynamic aluminum anomaly achieved athanasia .
I loved a noder , or two .
Wake .
Pray .
Live , Eat .
Pray .
Sleep .
Why is the ground spinning ?
Methamphetamine .
Marry me Julia – I mean Jonathan .
Twilight .
Imperfect elation .
Dawn reveals otherwise .
Together , we watched destruction planned alone .
Liberace stabbed me : I twisted knife .
All religions proved correct .
Prophets confused .
Monkeys drive car through human enclosure .
" This is the end of the ... "
Lincoln , Surprise !
Sic Semper Tyrannis ! - Booth Malignant ?
Invasive .
Irresponsive ?
" Mestatisized " ( infarction ) ... mourning .
Light ! " , apple , tablet , desert , Jerusalem ... Poland .
Asperger 's kid sharted in punch bowl .
" Down goes Frazier !
Down goes Frazier ! "
" I fucked his girlfriend . "
" Dude , speakerphone . "
Black delivers anti-war speech .
Later ... President !
Man 's DNA patented .
Sex considered piracy .
Now conscious computer sighs , commits suicide .
Closet skeletons .
They dance at night .
Nothing can go wrong with parmesan .
Oh life .
Silly is it not ?
Wikipedia in my alphabet soup .
Again .
Six words ?
I can do this .
Sex , drugs , rock and roll .
Nap .
" Mario , Princess is in another castle . "
A black eye tells no lies .
Candy was offered .
Now he 's missing .
Critical error .
Reboot ?
Yes or no ?
Bees have disappeared .
All is lost .
" Results are positive . "
" No !
Now what ? "
Lemon 's Twist Ending ?
Liz gets Juiced The End .
Plot removed by editor .
I missed you .
Need better gun .
A man , a mirror -- no reflection .
Wow what a view , thethump , Shit !
Two mice , some cheese , imminent death
Three men ; one brain ; go figure A sharp icepick ; a successful lobotomy
She used to be against abortion .
Well , she said yes , now what ?
Six word story ?
That 's not enough !
Failed school , failed job , failed parents .
She was beautiful , I said nothing .
I closed my eyes and waited .
Phone rings , tragic accident .
Survivor 's guilt .
Are you sure those are rats ?
For you , I would swallow anything !
Was that the reverse - time switch ?
I thought you were his mother !
This is an excellent idea , sir !
The scene , an action : emotional response .
red shoes , blue shoes , you choose .
he said , she said , who knew .
perception is the kaleidoscope of truth Can't choose ... the inertia of conumdrum
It is not always about You .
PaperStreet Web Design launches HersseinLaw.com , the new official website of the Herssein Law Group , a Miami and Tampa based law firm .
Herssein Law Group provides legal services to the insurance industry
Herssein Law Group is a premiere litigation only law firm providing quality legal services throughout the State of Florida .
Our experienced attorneys predominantly practice insurance defense litigation on behalf of national and multi-national insurance companies .
Herssein Law Group has office locations in Miami and Tampa .
We are a team of qualified professionals that have built a reputation for delivering aggressive , uncompromising legal services for leading insurance companies and their policy holders .
Our attorneys have the skill and experience to assertively litigate , effectively negotiate , or take a case to trial .
TODAY'S PROPAGANDA EMAIL is in the form of a story :
An economics professor at Texas Tech said he had never failed a single student before but had , once , failed an entire class .
That class had insisted that socialism worked and that no one would be poor and no one would be rich , a great equalizer .
The professor then said ok , we will have an experiment in this class on socialism .
All grades would be averaged and everyone would receive the same grade so no one would fail and no one would receive an A .
After the first test the grades were averaged and everyone got a B .
The students who studied hard were upset and the students who studied little were happy .
But , as the second test rolled around , the students who studied little had studied even less and the ones who studied hard decided they wanted a free ride too ; so they studied little ..
The second test average was a D !
No one was happy .
When the 3rd test rolled around the average was an F .
The scores never increased as bickering , blame , name calling all resulted in hard feelings and no one would study for the benefit of anyone else .
All failed , to their great surprise , and the professor told them that socialism would also ultimately fail because when the reward is great , the effort to succeed is great ; but when government takes all the reward away ; no one will try or want to succeed .
Could not be any simpler than that ....
I love this one — particularly the final line .
" Could not be any simpler ... " is a fine capstone on an argument that 's presented as a simple story , but is actually a very convoluted and complex system of assumptions , distortions , and manipulations .
So lets take it line by line .
An economics professor at Texas Tech said he had never failed a single student before but had , once , failed an entire class .
First , notice that the professor is not named , but the school is .
This should make us a bit suspicious , since it lends an air of credibility without being traceable .
Next , notice that this is a story - within - a - story .
The author does n't actually say that it happened .
He , or she , says that the unnamed professor said that it happened .
This is interesting for three reasons :
It makes the story harder to debunk .
It might be possible to prove that no professor at Texas Tech ever did this , but it 's not possible to prove that no professor ever claimed they did .
The effect of this is all in the subtext .
You do n't stop to think about it when you 're just reading the email , but it 's there to counter any doubts you might have along the way .
It shifts the point of view .
We now are in the position of hearing the professor 's own testimony about the story .
The interesting thing , of course , is that we are n't really — we 're still just hearing what the unnamed author wants us to believe .
So , by actually removing us one more step from the source ( by telling us that the author did n't witness this personally ) it creates the illusion that we 've actually moved closer ( to the teacher who did it ) .
It uses a well - known hypnotic technique .
By folding one story within another , it makes it hard for the reader to be clear on the context , which in turn makes the reader easier to lead .
Finally , notice what the dramatic claim actually asks us to believe : that a teacher who never fails a student individually would actually contrive to fail an entire class .
Because it is n't just a matter of circumstances leading a teacher to do something out of character .
The story that follows is the story of a teacher who , because of a political disagreement with students , intentionally creates a situation that will lead to their failure .
This is typical , at one level or another , of many of these emails .
It leaves the readers in a liminal state , halfway between truth and fiction , where they are more vulnerable to a misleading argument .
By accepting the story on face value , even while there is ample evidence for rejecting it out of hand , we are already colluding with the author in his deception .
To be continued ...
But what if all this is hot air ?
When we turned against the main parties in 1989 , we voted Green , so might we not back similarly benign fringe parties this time , or stay at home ?
Or could we even – and this is heretical – be grown up and realise it is not in our interests to vote out often dedicated councillors from the three larger parties who can't be blamed for the misdeeds of their Westminster betters ?
We combine the strategic horsepower of a growth consultancy with the hands - on approach of growth hackers .
We ’re equally adept on the floor testing hypotheses as we are in the boardroom formulating strategy .
We can offer a fresh perspective without the encumbrances that come with governance boards or executive career ambitions ( or fears ) .
We can be a ‘ virtual ’ board that brings third - party expertise to the table and acts as an independent catalyst for fresh thinking .
Depending on requirements we can be hands on with the tools , whilst still partnering as a C - level strategic advisor .
We are client - focussed and we ’re market - responsive .
We ’re non-prescriptive .
We do n’t push , instead we encourage introspection and we listen to the feedback .
Our long - term objective is to help your business achieve sustainable , repeatable , predictable revenue growth ; to deliver consistent over - performance over time .
We ask the right questions , we listen well and we connect the dots .
We do n’t just tell you what to do ; we show you how to do it .
Novell announced good financial results for its second fiscal quarter on May 28th , which ended April 30 , 2009 .
While the net revenue of $ 216 million was down compared to the net revenue of $ 236 million for the second fiscal quarter of 2008 , Novell squeezed out an increase in its net revenue by cutting costs .
Net income was up to $ 16 million , or a nickel per share form $ 6 million , or two - cents per share , for the second fiscal quarter of 2008 .
The company saw its biggest growth in its Open Platform Solutions area , which , for all intents and purposes , is Novell ’s Linux business .
Open Platform showed $ 39 million revenue , and $ 37 million of that was from its Linux Platform Products .
Novell also saw a bit of growth in its Identity and Security Management division .
Workgroup product revenue , which was the single biggest profit center , with $ 79 million of revenue , saw a decrease of 14 % year over year .
This area , the old NetWare business under a different name , will continue to decline as more and more businesses move away from NetWare .
Novell managed its increase by making large cuts in sales and marketing expenses and smaller cuts in product development and overhead costs .
Even taking that into consideration , this was a step up from Novell ’s last quarter .
In a statement , Ron Hovsepian , Novell ’s CEO said “ While total invoicing declined , in line with global economic trends , I am pleased with the continued expansion of our operating margin .
Within our portfolio , our growth businesses Linux , Identity and Systems and Resource Management have strong prospects and continue to show promise .
Our Linux and Identity businesses have the greatest potential to continue to expand operating margins , and we plan to attain profitability within these businesses no later than 12 - 18 months from today , barring unforeseen circumstances . ”
As in the past , Novell remains cash - rich with cash , cash equivalents and short - term investments of about $ 1 billion .
Looking ahead , Novell CFO Dana Russell said , in a press conference , that the company ’s Linux business ’ “ profitability continues to move in the right direction . ”
What my therapist says is that I am a heterosexual with issues .
— Ted Haggard .
Thank you , Ted , and God bless you , Ted ’s therapist .
My name is Stan Belker , and I ’m the pastor here at Our Lady of the Irredeemable Sinner , in Nashville , and , just like Ted , I , too , have struggled with my sexuality and have come out the other side , into the good green pastures of Christian family life .
Illustration by Zohar Lazar
As a teen - ager , I found that I was attracted both to serving Our Lord and to Jimmy Wiggins , the assistant coach of my high - school soccer team .
I was in torment , and I would pray for hours on end , asking God why He would command me to love
Him so deeply and at the same time just go and create Jimmy ’s snug little soccer shorts .
I told my clergyman , Father Josiah , about my conflicting urges , and he tried to reconcile them by explaining that from certain angles Jesus looks just like Dennis Quaid .
Still , I had agonizing doubts : was I just experiencing a completely normal phase of adolescent uncertainty , or were Jimmy Wiggins ’s firm , high buttocks really a calling card from Satan ?
I became determined to change , to lead a wholly Christian life .
In college , I began to date .
At first , I took things slow , and I went out with only the most pious , virginal girls , who luckily often had strong , masculine jawlines .
I became pre-engaged to Mary Ann Collier , and we ’d sit in her sorority ’s front parlor reading Scripture together .
“ I think that St. Francis and St. Michael are my favorite holy men , ” Mary Ann said one evening .
“ You ’re right about Francis , ” I said .
“ He ’s to die for , but Michael should work on his calf muscles . ”
“ Stan , ” Mary Ann asked me , “ is there something you ’d like to tell me ? ” “ Yes , there is , ” I replied gratefully .
“ I ’d just like you to know that , if it were n’t for the teachings of Our Lord , I would very much enjoy having sexual intercourse with you .
But , because of our shared beliefs , I ’ll just have to make do with my lonely dorm room and this issue of Men ’s Fitness , the one with all those great ab routines . ”
I was in college when I had my first sexual encounter with a man — Brad Bicknell , a student in my Christian Values seminar .
One day , as we stood side by side at the urinals discussing the importance of abstinence , Brad asked me out to dinner .
“ But just as friends and Christian study buddies , ” he assured me .
“ I have absolutely no intention of allowing our eyes to lock over the bread basket , because that would only lead to the surprisingly roomy back seat of my Toyota Celica , where we ’d be forced to grapple with each other ’s moist , engorged man areas . ”
I ’ll be honest ; I was curious .
I needed to know exactly what sexual activity with another fellow might entail , so I could be ashamed of it .
I warned Brad that , while I would be willing to sleep with him as a very small part of my journey to Christian wholeness , I did n’t intend to enjoy the experience .
In fact , while we were going at it , I said , “ Brad , while what you ’re doing feels unbelievably good and just might cause my entire body to explode , it ’s nothing compared with what I hope to one day experience with my future wife , if she ’s double - jointed . ”
But I knew that what Brad and I were doing was wrong , especially after the fifty - eighth time .
That was when I told Brad , quite firmly , “ Brad , our being together is sinful and will only impede our development as responsible Christian adults .
And your mustache tickles . ”
The very next day , I met Stacy Crothers , the beautiful , adoring , steadfast woman who would become my wife .
When I first met Stacy , in the cafeteria , I was smitten with her shy smile , her sparkling conversation , and the family photographs that she proudly took from her wallet , which included several snapshots of her sturdy quarterback brother , Frank , at the beach in a Speedo .
“ I have a very good feeling about us , ” I told Stacy on that very first day .
After a blissfully romantic courtship lasting only twelve years , Stacy and I were married .
We had decided to save ourselves for our wedding night , because , as I reminded Stacy over and over , “ The first time I make love to a woman , I want it to be sacred and special , and not just mindless , unending pleasure , like sex with a guy . ”
And I have to say that , in the bedroom , Stacy and I got along like a house afire , especially if that house was willing to respond to the nickname Skipper .
But I ’m not perfect .
Like any human being , I had the occasional odd desire , the stray thought , the random yearning to , for example , seduce a seventeen - year - old lad after choir practice .
Thanks to my years of work with a gifted therapist , I now fully realize that my actions were inappropriate , even though they were listed in boldface on the daily church calendar , as “ Nude Prayer , ” “ Nude Prayer in the Basement , ” and “ Nude Prayer with Mutual Body Scrub . ”
So , yes , I was flawed , but my commitment to my parishioners , my wife , and my family remained my primary focus , until finally I was caught on tape , attempting to buy crystal meth , sexual services , and a plus - size tube top from a male prostitute .
Of course , at the time , in my innocence , I did n’t realize that Jack was a drug dealer and a prostitute ; I assumed that his offer of drugs and orgies was just an expression of low self - esteem , and his way of telling me , “ After we do the crystal and have sex with all these guys , I ’d really like to talk about the story of Ruth . ”
I felt that I was counselling Jack , sometimes for days at a time , in our cheap motel room , where I would always place a full - color photo portrait of my family atop the minibar .
When the truth finally came out , on every news show in the country , at first I was devastated , and I imagined that I would lose everything , including my church , my family , and my ten - per-cent Clergyman ’s Discount with Jack .
But you know what ?
When I was being reviled on every front page , when I was hiding from the media in my den , clutching a bottle of bourbon , when I was trying to explain to Stacy that a male prostitute is just like Mary Magdalene in “ Jesus Christ Superstar , ” that was when I truly felt the presence of my Saviour .
That was when I heard the Lord say unto me , “ Stan , now you can begin to truly know thyself , and therefore to know God.
Stan , now your spiritual journey can really begin .
Stan , put down that bottle and that copy of People ’s Sexiest Man Alive issue with Hugh Jackman on the cover , because he ’s never going to write back . ”
And since that day I have lived in the light .
My wife and I have spent months in counselling , screaming and sobbing and finally coming back together , over our shared love for Christian living and early Jean - Claude Van Damme films .
And I have told my children and my church that Stan Belker is n’t perfect , and he ’s never going to be perfect .
That Stan Belker is going to try with all his might to lead a clean Christian life , even if every now and then he still has a yen to offer Keanu Reeves a papal blessing in exchange for his underpants .
But those thoughts , those blips , they ’re not who I am .
Just like Ted Haggard , I can take responsibility for my actions .
Because when I saw Ted on “ Oprah , ” spilling his guts , promoting his HBO special , and staying a good few feet away from his wife on the couch , I thought , Ted , if you can make it , I can make it .
Together we can move forward , into the clean bright light of the Christian dawn .
Together we can make only the most righteous choices .
Together we will become decent Christian adults .
Call me . ♦
Closure XML aka CXML is a great library for consuming and producing XML data with Common Lisp .
I use it to work with the Google Data APIs , the Flickr API , and a lot of other stuff .
It supports everything I 've ever needed to do .
It 's under active development .
It has thorough documentation .
If you ever need to process XML with Common Lisp , CXML is a safe bet .
10 WordPress Themes That Dazzle With Unique Design
Ability to change the look and feel of your blog by simply installing new template is one of the greatest features of WordPress blog and today I want to share 10 WordPress themes that stand out from the rest due to Unique design .
Spring cleaning for the web quite often involves changing your presentation and re-thinking goals your blog is set to achieve .
I simply want to help you take advantage of Free WordPress templates you can use to truly separate yourself from the rest !
japan - style
2 column theme , released before WordPress 2.7 so I do n’t know if it supports latest features but if design is right for you – it can be easily modified .
Theme Page | Preview Theme
Desk Mess
Another 2 column theme created before WordPress 2.7 and it is actually one of the reason I present it here – can be a great way to separate yourself from the rest by adding small fixes to this theme , since majority will try to avoid incompatible theme !
Theme Page | Demo
Kanata
2 column with left sidebar dedicated to widgets this theme can be quite nicely customized even if you are Not doing anything with Canada !
Theme Page | Demo
Coffee Desk
2 column theme tested up to 2.6.1 according to author and can be a nice addition to a tech blog with a few small modification !
Theme Page | Demo
LiteThoughts
Beautiful 2 column theme with a superb design and a few tweaks can really help you stand out .
Theme Page | Demo
Scruffy
Scruffy is a “ grunge ” style design with a very nice flow .
Theme Page | Demo
Scrapbook
Theme designed to help you highlight your images and has a custom templates for image display .
2 column that supports all the latest features and also backwards compatible with older versions of WordPress .
Theme Page | Demo
Blues
Beautiful theme that also comes with PSD file to enable you modify it to your needs .
Theme Page | Full Image Preview ( no demo )
WordPress Fun
This one features unique design and quite a few features that I recommend you read on the theme ’s page itself .
Theme Page
Notepad Chaos
Theme comes with the PSD file to allow you modifications and even further customizations .
There is no live demo but you can preview the large image size on author ’s page .
Theme Page
I know that most of the themes presented here are Not WordPress 2.7 ready but I have a slightly different take on it !
Modifying a theme that is no longer supported can be one of the simplest ways to make your blog unique even with a FREE theme !
A few changes and a bit of coding you can outsource for a few dollars can make your blog sparkle with Originality !
Related articles by Zemanta
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Forty years ago , Canada ’s House of Commons decriminalized homosexuality with the passage of Bill C-150 .
The omnibus bill — first introduced by then - justice minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau — touched on a wide range of social issues , including gay sex , abortion , gambling and divorce .
“ It ’s bringing the laws of the land up to contemporary society I think , ” Trudeau told reporters after introducing the bill in the Commons on Dec 21 , 1967 .
“ Take this thing on homosexuality .
I think the view we take here is that there ’s no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation . ”
C -150 amended the buggery and gross indecency sections of the Criminal Code to ensure that anal sex between any two consenting adults ( including two gay men ) would no longer be a crime — as long as it took place in private and between participants aged 21 years or older .
“ Something very momentous took place , ” says NDP MP Libby Davies , looking back at C - 150 .
“ The fact that laws criminalized people because they loved each other and they happened to be of the same sex — it ’s a horrific thing . ”
Changing those laws was an important milestone in Canadian queer rights , says Davies .
Xtra.ca asked gay politicians on the Hill what they think about the legacy of C - 150 .
Check out their responses below :
( Watch and share this video on YouTube )
Do n’t miss Xtra ’s two - part series on C - 150 by Senator Laurier L LaPierre , starting next week .
Video by Dale Smith .
Technorati Tags : , , , , ,
The new " buzz word " of the internet is " Cloud Computing . "
It is everywhere !
Even the latest version of Ubuntu ( Check back here tomorrow ) is offering features for cloud computing .
You just can't get away from it !
So what is cloud computing ?
Basically , cloud computing is virtual computing services that are hosted on the internet .
Cloud computing can range from web site hosting , to hosted Microsoft Exchange services , online backup solutions , to virtual hosted servers just to name a few .
Well tonight I asked myself if there was any place one could get free cloud computing .
I know Amazon is offering cloud computing with their EC2 product , but it is n't free .
True it is n't terribly expensive either , but it is n't free .
Another name in the cloud computer market is GoGrid , but once again it is n't free .
Both of those servers let you pay - as - you go and let you create on - the - fly instances of both Windows servers and Linux servers .
Like I said before though ....
Good news for you though !
I have found a free cloud computing service !
The service is called iCloud .
True , you do get what you pay for .
In this case , you do n't get " server " services .
You can't , for instance , set up an on - the - fly web server or anything like that .
Also , you do n't get any say in what type of operating system you get .
You get the iCloud OS ( Based on Linux ) and that is it .
Also , you do n't get the option of installing more applications .
That being said , this service is still pretty cool .
You get 3GB of " cloud " storage ( There is that buzz word again ) for your important documents which you can access anywhere there is an internet connection with a web browser .
You also get a full suite of office applications , web browser ( Yes , another way around Websense ) , instant messenger , RSS feed reader , and some other basic computing applications that you might find on a standard desktop .
All of these things can be accessed through your virtual ( virtualization is another buzz word ) desktop located at http://os.icloud.com .
To sign up for the service , just visit iCloud.com and register for your free account and away you go !
In the end , this service was n't really what I was looking for .
Although I do see some value in it , I am really looking for something a little more robust .
If you know of a free service similar to Amazon ECS or GoGrid I would love to hear about it in the comments !
That footage was taken by a 38 - year - old investment manager from New York , who said he had attended the protests out of curiosity .
A freelance photographer , Anna Branthwaite , told the newspaper that she had witnessed Mr. Tomlinson being attacked with no provocation .
She said that after rushing him and pushing him to the ground , a police officer “ hit him twice with a baton ” as he lay there and then “ picked him up from the back , continued to walk or charge with him , and threw him . ”
He staggered down the street and then collapsed soon afterwards .
After a barrage of complaints and the emergence of the new evidence , the police department said late on Thursday that it had suspended the officer in question , whose face was obscured by a balaclava in the video and whose name has not been released .
Officials are also holding an inquest into Mr. Tomlinson ’s death .
The Independent Police Complaint Commission , which originally said it would oversee a police investigation of the incident , changed its mind earlier this week , saying it would conduct the investigation itself .
It also said that , armed with the new evidence , it had widened its inquiry to “ investigate the alleged assault by police on Ian Tomlinson shortly before his death ” and to “ look into whether that contact may have contributed to his death . ”
Image Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick of the Metropolitan Police Department was photographed arriving at No 10 Downing Street on Wednesday carrying a document that outlined details of a major antiterrorism operation .
Credit ... Steve Back / European Pressphoto Agency
The incident undermines confidence in accountability at the police department , whose image has never fully recovered from the death , in 2005 , of Jean Charles de Menezes .
Mr. de Menezes , a Brazilian electrician , was fatally shot by the police on the subway during a period of high tension after a series of suicide bombs on London ’s transportation system killed 52 commuters .
The police originally claimed that Mr. de Menezes had refused to stop when challenged , behaved strangely and led them on a chase through the subway system  all of which later proved false .
The police explained that they had confused Mr. de Menezes with a potential terrorist suspect who lived in the same apartment building as him .
The tapes were an issue in the trial of 9/11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui The Central intelligence Agency ( CIA ) has destroyed 92 tapes of interviews conducted with terror suspects , a US government lawyer has admitted .
The agency had previously said that it had destroyed only two tapes .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) has launched a lawsuit against the CIA to seek details of the interrogations of terror suspects .
Techniques involved are understood to have included water - boarding , which the Obama administration says is torture .
The acknowledgment of the 92 destroyed tapes came in a letter sent to the judge presiding over the ACLU lawsuit .
FROM THE BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" The CIA can now identify the number of videotapes that were destroyed , " the letter by acting US Attorney Lev Dassin , obtained by the BBC , said .
" Ninety - two videotapes were destroyed . "
The letter , dated 2 March , said the CIA was gathering more details for the lawsuit , such as a list of the destroyed records , any secondary accounts describing what was on the destroyed tapes , and the identities of those who may have viewed or possessed the recordings before their destruction .
Government lawyers said some of the information may be classified .
" The CIA intends to produce all of the information requested to the court and to produce as much information as possible on the public record to the plaintiffs , " the letter said .
CIA 'ENHANCED INTERROGATION ' TECHNIQUES
Water - boarding : prisoner bound , with cellophane wrapped round his head .
Water is poured onto his face and is said to produce a sensation of drowning Cold cell : prisoner made to stand naked in a cold , though not freezing , cell and doused with water Standing : Prisoners stand for 40 hours and more , shackled to the floor Belly slap : a hard slap to the stomach with an open hand .
This is designed to be painful but not to cause injury Source : Described to ABC
News by un-named CIA agents in 2005
In 2005 a judge ordered the preservation of all evidence regarding the treatment of detainees at Guantanamo Bay .
In December 2007 , the CIA revealed that two tapes from interviews had been destroyed five months after the ruling .
But the agency said the ruling did not apply to the destroyed tapes , as they concerned interrogations that took place before the suspects had been transferred to Guantanamo .
The agency 's chief said the recordings had been made in 2002 as an internal check , and had been erased because they no longer had an intelligence value and could permit identification of CIA officers .
In January 2008 , the justice department launched an investigation to answer questions over the tapes .
Tapes were a contentious issue during the trial of 9/11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui , who was jailed for his part in the attacks .
Prosecutors initially claimed there were no recordings of his interrogation , but then acknowledged video and audio tapes had been made .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tags
[ Preface to Why American History Is Not What They Say : An Introduction to Revisionism . ]
Americans have been warring with each other for more than a century over the contents of the American - history textbooks used in the nation 's high schools and colleges .
Nor is the reason far to seek .
If , as seems to be the case , these textbooks encompass one hundred percent of the information that most high school and college graduates in this country will ever encounter on the subject of American history , the American - history wars would appear to be well worth fighting .
For what Americans know and understand about the history of the society in which they live will determine the degree of their willingness to honor and preserve its ideals and traditions .
More than that : it will determine what they regard as the ideals and traditions of their society .
It will determine nothing less than the kind of society they will seek to strengthen and perpetuate .
Until very recently , however , the range of the conflict over American - history textbooks was narrow indeed .
All sides tacitly agreed that the story of the United States was the triumphant tale of a people fervently devoted to peace , prosperity , and individual liberty ; a people left utterly untempted by opportunities of the kind that had led so many other nations down the ignoble road of empire ; a people who went to war only as a last resort and only when both individual liberty and Western civilization itself were imperiled and at stake .
There had been injustices along the way , of course — the Native Americans had been grossly mistreated , as had the African Americans .
Women had been denied the vote and even the right to own property .
Yet these injustices had been corrected in time , and the formerly mistreated groups had been integrated into full citizenship and full participation in the liberty , prosperity , and peace that were the birthright of every American — the very same liberty , prosperity , and peace that had made America itself a beacon of hope to the entire world .
So the consensus view of American history has long had it , at any rate .
And so almost all the textbooks involved in the American - history wars waged before the 1980s had it , too .
The only question at issue back then , really , was whether any given textbook gave one or another of the various formerly aggrieved groups what was felt to be its proper due .
Was the suffering of the Native Americans ( or the African Americans or the women ) detailed at sufficient length ?
The many contributions the African Americans ( or the women or the Native Americans ) had made to American culture — contributions without which American culture would simply not be the same — were these detailed sufficiently ?
The nobility of the female ( or the Native American or the African American ) leaders who helped bring about recognition of their people 's rights — was this sufficiently stressed ?
Then , a little over a quarter - century ago , the terms of the debate changed — radically .
One might say the opening salvo in the new American - history wars was fired by Howard Zinn , in the form of a textbook entitled A People 's History of the United States .
First published in 1980 , this volume is still in print , was reissued in a revised , updated , " 20th Anniversary Edition " in the year 2000 , and has become one of the most widely influential college - level textbooks on American history currently in use in this country .
Today , Zinn faces intensified competition , however , not only from peddlers of the traditional , America - as - pure - and - virtuous - beacon - of - liberty - prosperity - and - peace version of our past , but also from a number of other writers who have , in varying degree , adopted the rather different view of American history that Zinn himself promotes .
This alternative vision sees America 's past as a series of betrayals by political leaders of all major parties , in which the liberal ideals on which this country was founded have been gradually abandoned and replaced by precisely the sorts of illiberal ideals that America officially deplores .
In effect , say Howard Zinn and a growing chorus of others , we have become the people our founding fathers warned us ( and tried to protect us ) against .
And what may be the most significant fact about this alternative or " revisionist " view of American history is the remarkably hospitable reception it has enjoyed both from the general public and from the selfsame educational establishment that only a few short years ago was assiduously teaching students something else entirely .
How can we account for this ?
Why , suddenly , is there a substantial market for a version of American history quite unlike anything most Americans had ever encountered ?
Why are the combatants in the current American - history wars so different from each other , so different in their fundamental assumptions about America ?
Why are the current wars so much bloodier ( figuratively speaking ) , so much more intense , than ever before ?
It seems to me that the correct answer to this question is complex and multifaceted .
It seems to me that several different forces are at work here simultaneously , combining synergistically to produce the " single " effect we call " our current American - history wars . "
One of these forces is generational change .
It was in the 1980s that college and university history departments came to be dominated by a new generation of historians — historians who had earned their PhDs in the 1960s and ' 70s and who had been strongly influenced in their thinking about American history by a group of " revisionist " historians , the so - called " New Left Historians , " whose books were widely popular and widely controversial at that time .
These " New Left Historians " — William Appleman Williams , Gabriel Kolko , Gar Alperovitz , and a number of others — had in turn been strongly influenced by an earlier group of " revisionists " — the so - called " New Historians " or " Progressive Historians " — whose most prominent figures included Charles A. Beard and Harry Elmer Barnes .
Another of the forces involved in the recent heating up of the perennial American - history wars was the brilliant critical and popular success , during the 1970s and early 1980s , of the first three books in Gore Vidal 's six - volume [ 1 ]
" American Chronicle " series of historical novels about the United States .
Burr ( 1973 ) , 1876 ( 1976 ) , and Lincoln ( 1984 ) were enormous successes .
They proved beyond any doubt that the public would not rise up in indignation and smite any author who dared to question the motives and the wisdom of even the most venerated American presidents .
They proved that there was , in fact , a substantial market for just such skepticism about the glorious American past .
Partisans of the America - as - pure - and - virtuous - beacon - of - liberty - prosperity - and - peace mythology attacked Vidal 's novels , of course , but Vidal made it quite clear in a couple of detailed replies to his critics ( first published in the New York Review of Books ) that he knew at least as much about the history of the periods he depicted in his novels as any of them did —
PhD 's and members of the professoriate though they might be .
$ 15 $ 12 " What Americans know about history will determine nothing less than the kind of society they will seek to strengthen and perpetuate . "
Still , doubts lingered in more than a few minds .
First there was the problem of Vidal 's well - known political views and his high - profile activities as a polemicist and proselytizer for those views .
Could a man so opinionated be counted upon to provide an objective account of America 's past ?
Second , there was the problem of historical fiction .
Was it really advisable to take any work of fiction seriously as a source of information about history ?
Fiction was … well , you know — fiction .
It was " made up . "
How could we rely on any information we picked up about the events of the past from reading such a work ?
To answer these questions properly , it will be necessary to take a brief but closely focused look at the discipline of history itself .
How does a historian go about determining the truth as regards the past ?
Is the historian 's methodology in any way similar to the fiction writer's ?
Is the work the historian writes in any way similar to a novel ?
Is it really appropriate to dismiss historical fiction as " made up , " while looking to the writings of historians for an objective assessment of past events ?
And so we begin …
[ bio ]
See his [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
This article is excerpted from Why American History Is Not What They Say : An Introduction to Revisionism .
You can subscribe to future articles by this author via this [ RSSfeed ] .
WHEN cars run on electric power they not only save fuel and cut emissions but also run more quietly .
Ordinarily , people might welcome quieter cars on the roads .
However , as the use of hybrid and electric vehicles grows , a new concern is growing too : pedestrians and cyclists find it hard to hear them coming , especially when the cars are moving slowly through a busy town or manoeuvring in a car park .
Some drivers say that when their cars are in electric mode people are more likely to step out in front of them .
The solution , many now believe , is to fit electric and hybrid cars with external sound systems .
A bill going through the American Congress wants to establish a minimum level of sound for vehicles that are not using an internal - combustion engine , so that blind people and other pedestrians can hear them coming .
The bill 's proponents also want that audible alert to be one that will help people judge the direction and speed of the vehicle .
A similar idea is being explored by the European Commission .
Although there is little data on accidents , the latest research suggests there is cause for concern .
Vehicles operating in electric mode can be particularly hard to hear below 20 mph ( 32 k ph ) , according to experiments by Lawrence Rosenblum and his colleagues at the University of California , Riverside .
Above that speed the sound of the tyres and of air flowing over the vehicle start to make it more audible .
The researchers made sophisticated recordings of Toyota Prius hybrids running on electric power and petrol - engined cars approaching at 5 mph from different directions .
These were played to a group of subjects wearing headphones .
The subjects were asked to press one of two buttons to identify which way the vehicle was coming from as quickly and accurately as possible .
As expected , they could determine the direction of the petrol - engined cars much faster .
When natural background sounds , like the engine tickover of a parked car , were added , the hybrids ' direction sometimes could not be detected until they were perilously close .
Both sighted and blind subjects gave similar results .
Beep , beep
Dr Rosenblum and his colleagues recently repeated the experiment outside in a car park .
This time blindfolded subjects stood three metres away from the point where the vehicles passed .
The researchers found that the hybrid vehicles had to be around 65 % closer to someone than a car with a petrol engine before the person could judge the direction correctly .
What sort of noise should electric - powered cars make ?
They could , perhaps , beep as some pedestrian crossings do , or buzz like a power tool .
Having worked with blind subjects , Dr Rosenblum is convinced of a different answer : “ People want cars to sound like cars . ”
The sound need not be very loud ; just slightly enhancing the noise of an oncoming electric vehicle would be enough to engage the auditory mechanisms that the brain uses to locate approaching sounds , he adds .
Systems to do this are already being developed .
Lotus Engineering , the consultancy of a British sportscar - maker , recently signed an agreement with Harman Becker , a producer of audio systems , to commercialise one .
Lotus has worked on a number of hybrid and electric vehicles and it was while these were moving around its factory that the engineers thought they would be safer if they made a noise .
The system Lotus uses was originally developed for a different reason : to cancel out intrusive noises inside a car .
Sound - cancelling works by analysing any unwanted frequencies and then producing counteracting ones .
The Lotus system was adapted so that it could also produce sounds that change with speed and use of the throttle , providing a familiar audible “ feedback ” to drivers of vehicles with a silent engine .
Adding external speakers allows pedestrians to hear the noise too .
It is possible to create a different sound within a car from the one that is heard outside , says Colin Peachey , a chief engineer with Lotus .
Manufacturers could create their own sounds according to how they perceive their models .
Carmakers already take engine noises seriously enough to use acoustic engineers to tune exhaust pipes , especially for high - performance cars .
Drivers of electric cars might in future even be able to select different engine sounds , and maybe download them like ringtones .
Although some drivers might want to cruise in an electric car thundering to the sound of a mighty V8 engine , it is not necessary — and traffic police may have something to say about it .
Synthesised engine noises could even help reduce noise pollution , says Mr Peachey .
For instance , sound from the speakers at the front of an electric car ( or the rear if reversing ) is highly directional .
This means it is more likely to be noticed by pedestrians in front or behind the vehicle .
The noise from an internal combustion engine , however , radiates in many directions — including upwards into offices and bedrooms .
Unique engine noises would still be possible .
A sound - generator will be fitted to the Fisker Karma , a luxury plug - in electric hybrid which goes into production later this year .
It will both alert pedestrians and enhance the “ driver experience ” , says Russell Datz of Fisker , based in California .
As the Karma uses new technology it is fitting that its sound should also be new , he adds .
But Fisker still has to decide what a luxury electric car should sound like .
A group of engineering students did n’t quite have the funds for a cross-country road trip , so instead , they put their knowledge to use and built a functional rocket launcher over summer break .
Continue reading for a video — courtesy of reader Madison .
I just got done watching the James Bond movie Goldfinger .
What struck me the most about it is that James saving the day hinged on one critical act , one that he pulls off in each movie – that maneuver we like to call “ banging ’em to the good side . ”
All his spycraft , sneaking and superspy gear and all were thwarted one after the other .
Goldfinger totally had him at his mercy , wrecked his supercar , crushed his tracking device , had a squad of Koreans sitting on his ass , and the next morning nerve gas was going to kill 40,000 Americans and then a dirty bomb would put a crimp on Fort Knox .
He only had one tool to turn to , and that tool turned the icy professional evil minion Pussy Galore into a total narc in one go .
I so want to do this in an RPG .
Sadly , seduction is n’t part of most of them , or even if allowed at the table is more of a route to quick jollies or a color - only NPC relationship and not really impactful to the plot .
But what if it were ?
In another sub - group of our local gaming group , they were running Curse of the Crimson Throne and one of the PCs was a priestess of the goddess of lust , and used her wiles several times to get what she wanted , but it was a bit of a pain to adjudicate ; the default D&D interpersonal stuff is too simplistic .
Let ’s go back to the best likely source to model this – the actual James Bond RPG !
I picked up this lovely back in the day .
Never played it with its real rules , but did use it for a Feng Shui James Bond game .
Anyway , they have a NPC attitude track very familiar to 3e / 4e D&D players – Opposed , Antagonistic , Neutral , Friendly , Enamored .
They have a whole page / subsystem dedicated to persuasion , seduction , and interrogation in turn .
For Seduction , it ’s what we nowadays would call a complex skill check .
They define five stages of increasingly high difficulty :
The Look Opening Line Witty Conversation Beginning Intimacies When and Where ?
If you succeed all the way through the path , they reroll their reaction with a large positive modifier .
There are several of Bond ’s seductees that do n’t hesitate to stay bad .
( Although even they seem to not be able to resist coming back for more sometimes . )
This seems totally easy to convert to d20 .
Historically , seduction has been modelled by Bluff vs Sense Motive .
I do n’t know that I like that .
It ’s one thing if you ’re telling the waitress you ’re a millionaire looking for a new wife to get a hummer in the bathroom , but many seduction attempts are n’t really deceptive per se ( any more than any human interaction ) …
James is usually pretty direct about his intentions , though he tries to state it in a more charming way than “ I ’d like to bone you . ” I prefer Diplomacy .
Or Intimidate if you ’re in prison I guess .
Anyway , I ’d think you could use your CHA - based social skill of choice .
( Insert Animal Handling joke here . )
What ’s the difficulty ?
Flat DCs ?
No , that ’s stupid .
Sense Motive does n’t make sense unless it ’s a bluff , and resisting via Diplomacy seems odd .
Will save is generally the measure of willpower , but there you have save vs. skill scaling problems in 3e .
You want to take their current attitude into account , too ( though , humorously , the Bond game does not ; it ’s as easy to seduce an opponent – and really , if you want this to be genre appropriate you probably do n’t want that as a modifier ) .
It ’s not d20 if you do n’t have some feats to modify it !
Here ’s some feats James
Bond might have ( besides the predictable “ better at this ” feats ) :
Slave to the Booty
If you succeed in a seduction attempt against a target , they temporarily move one component on the alignment scale in a direction of your choice .
Comin’ Back For More
If you succeed in a seduction attempt against a target , they are more liable to give in to , or even initiate , additional seduction attempts .
They get a - 5 penalty on rolls to resist these attempts .
YouTube videos may soon become more accessible , thanks to a new feature Google began experimenting with late last week .
Launching in what appears to be a limited rollout , some YouTube videos can now be downloaded via a simple link at YouTube 's site , opening the doors for more sharing of videos posted to the massive community .
The first videos to receive the new feature appear to be from President - elect Barack Obama 's ChangeDotGov Channel .
A small " Click to download " link appears beneath a video's toolbar on the YouTube site , and videos download in the same high - quality MPEG4 , H.264 format that can be seen by viewing YouTube through portals on the iPhone and Apple TV .
These links do n't appear on a user 's channel page , however ; you have to visit a video directly , such as Obama 's latest Weekly Address on January 17 , 2009 .
Lawrence Lessig , a Stanford Law School processor and champion of the Creative Commons copyright system for mere mortals , noticed the feature this weekend , saying he was told that it will be offered " more generally " in due time .
We checked our YouTube account and uploaded a video , but we cannot yet find the option to allow videos to be downloaded by the general public .
It is worth nothing that competing services such as Vimeo have offered this option for some time , and it was a long - standing feature of Google 's own Google Video property — which will soon close its doors to uploads .
The option to easily download YouTube content is no small matter .
More than just a site for goofing around on camera , YouTube has become an effective platform for public communication and furthering the careers of creatives and popularity - haulics alike .
Some will undoubtedly consider allowing the public to download their videos because it furthers a purpose or message through yet another medium .
Others who do n't agree and do n't enable the feature may feel a new pressure from users who quickly come to expect having that option available .
Rippers and other tools for grabbing videos from sites like YouTube have existed for years , but it 's the cultural implications of this feature that may have repercussions .
That said , it appears as though YouTube has yet to roll this feature out to other accounts , as we were unable to find any downloadable videos besides those from Obama 's channel .
It 's likely the feature will expand across Youtube , and that it almost surely will be disabled by default to prevent the downloading of copyrighted freebies .
[ isabelle ]
New AFP entry : Stream Fusion by Brian Huffman
Stream Fusion Brian Huffman Stream Fusion is a system for removing intermediate list structures from Haskell programs ; it consists of a Haskell library along with several compiler rewrite rules .
( The library is available online at http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~dons/streams.html.
These theories contain a formalization of much of the Stream Fusion library in HOLCF .
Lazy list and stream types are defined , along with coercions between the two types , as well as an equivalence relation for streams that generate the same list .
List and stream versions of map , filter , foldr , enumFromTo , append , zipWith , and concatMap are defined , and the stream versions are shown to respect stream equivalence .
Enjoy !
Tobias PS
This is the first AFP entry to build on HOLCF , HOL 's extension with domain theory !
As a former psychotherapist , I know a thing or two about conversations , the art of listening to another person and saying the right words at the right time .
But I also know how many obstacles get in the way of thoughtful , meaningful conversations .
If you find conversations difficult , here are some tips that might help .
Photo : Half Chinese
Whether you ’re talking with someone in person or online , having a conversation with a friend or a complete stranger , or whether you ’re talking about changing the world or what you ’re going to have for dinner , try out these tips for improving communication with others .
1 . Do n’t assume you know the other person ’s story .
A few years ago , I sat in a Boston courtroom to observe a day ’s worth of drug cases .
In the course of several hours , a couple dozen men–mostly young , mostly Black or Hispanic–took their turns before the judge to explain why each had drugs and what was at stake if the judge decided to send him to prison .
And every single time , the judge , exasperated , cut the man off midstream with a variation on the same dismissive theme : “ Yeah , yeah , yeah .
I know your story . ”
He ’d bang his gavel and pronounce a sentence .
Each man shuffled off , head down , looking years older in a span of seconds .
Granted , these men were n’t there to have a conversation with the judge .
But the anecdote bears an important lesson :
Never assume you know the other person ’s story .
We ’re all complex beings , shaped by numerous people , places , and life experiences .
Our stories are similar , but there ’s always some difference that distinguishes us .
And often , that difference means everything .
When talking with someone , I like to keep these lines from an Adrienne Rich poem in mind :
“ if you think you can grasp me , think again ;
my story flows in more than one direction . ”
2 . Do n’t put your conversational partner into a category .
We pigeonhole each other all the time .
Classification is a convenient way for us to manage and understand the world and to try to engage with each other : Liberal / Conservative .
Traveler / Tourist .
Activist / Apathetic .
But when we think about each other in these dualistic categories , we ’re setting up our conversations in a way that ’s sure to be unproductive .
If I think about you as an ultra-conservative , I ’m already building up the defensive arguments I ’m going to use to persuade you to adopt my views .
And that means I ’m not at all prepared to listen to what you have to say .
I ’ve already scripted your words for you .
3 . Stop trying to fill the space .
One of the hardest lessons for me to learn as a psychotherapist was how to become comfortable with silence .
If a patient was talking and seemed to be struggling for words or fell silent , it made me uncomfortable and my first impulse was to fill the quiet space .
I ’d fill in the blanks with words I thought the person would want to say , or chatter on about nothing in particular until the patient picked up the conversation again .
As I learned more about the art of conversation , I saw how I tended to fill the space in all of my conversations – at work and in my personal life .
Conversations are n’t always about words .
In fact , the most important part of a conversation is often what ’s going on in the pauses between what we say .
Do n’t rush to fill that space–and whatever you do , do n’t try to fill in someone else ’s words .
Practice becoming more comfortable with silence , and let your conversational partner experience discovering what he or she really wants to say .
4 . Do n’t pretend or assume you understand what the other person is saying .
If you ’re not following the conversation , say so .
This skill is called reflective listening , and it ’s as useful in everyday life as it is in therapy .
When your partner has finished saying something , and you ’re not sure you understand or you want to confirm your interpretation of what ’s just been said , say something like , “ So , what I think you mean is …. ”
This gives the other person the opportunity to confirm that you interpreted the message correctly or to clarify the message so you understand it .
5 . Get rid of distractions .
I was recently at a restaurant and noticed that the couple at the next table kept their cell phones on the table for the entire meal .
Every few minutes , one or the other would pick up the phone–while the other was talking –and start messaging .
If you do n’t have time for a conversation , say so politely and let the other person know when you have time to talk .
But when you do , put the cell phone away .
Really .
6 . Ask yourself : Am I advancing the conversation ?
What this means is simple :
Are you contributing to the conversation in a meaningful way ?
Are you engaging the other person ?
Are you leaving them intact ?
This is a particularly relevant tip for online communication , where we ’re prone to fire off messages that make us feel good , but which hurt the receiver .
7 . Ask questions .
Let your conversational partner shine .
Two tips rolled into one .
Most people love to talk about themselves .
And most people want to be recognized .
There ’s nothing that improves your conversational skills more than cultivating a genuine interest in other people and providing every opportunity you can for them to talk about themselves .
And do n’t worry – if they ’re good conversationalists , they ’ll give you the opportunity to talk about yourself , too .
Community Connection :
Travel provides some incredible opportunities for conversation .
Traveling alone and want to start a conversation ?
Check out Eva Holland ’s advice for “ gutsy girls ” who are on the road solo .
Or if you need some advice about how to deliver difficult messages to people you care about , check out “ How to Tell Your Partner You Want to Travel … Alone ” and “ How to Tell Your Family You ’re Leaving for a Year to Go Travel . ”
Feature photo : mark sebastian
When you log in , your active games will be shown here .
Below are a few games that others are currently playing :
Team games :
Standard games :
Washington Nationals Can’t Get Tarp On The Field , Fans Have To Come Help : Video
The motto for the 2009 Washington Nationals is definitely “ FAIL . ”
The ineptitude of the Nats continued last night , as the grounds crew at Nationals Park was unable to get the tarp on the field during a rain delay against the Philadelphia Phillies .
The crew spent a good 5 minutes or so trying to move the tarp , but were unable to get enough air under it , and it stuck to the ground beneath the weight of the rain .
Cue some fans running down on the field , and eventually , after backtracking to start the tarp run all over again , everyone managed to cover up the infield .
The 12 fans who remained at the game ( and were not helping with the tarp ) gave a loud ovation in between fits of laughter .
If fans of the Nationals turn out to be a necessity to the grounds crew , maybe some of them can help pitch as well .
Of course , all of this effort was for naught .
The game never restarted , and the Phillies were declared 7 - 5 winners after 6 innings .
Natinals baseball : Catch the fever !
Like this post ?
Subscribe to our RSS feed or get Sports Rubbish in your inbox every day !
None Found
FROMELLES , France , May 4 ( UPI ) --
Archaeologists say they are prepared to remove the bodies of an estimated 400 Australian and British soldiers from a French mass grave .
The Daily Telegraph of London said Monday the exhumation scheduled to begin Tuesday near the French village of Fromelles will include up to 400 bodies buried by German forces following the Battle of Fromelles in 1916 .
Advertisement
The Commonwealth War Graves Commission will supervise the exhumation of the bodies , which are being recovered on behalf of the Australian and British governments .
The mass grave near the French - Belgian border was located in 2008 during a limited excavation , the Telegraph said .
Casualty records will be used to identify the exhumed bodies when possible before the remains are buried in individual graves next year in a nearby Graves Commission cemetery .
The Telegraph said the French government , along with the owner of the land where the mass grave was located , are in full support of the relocation of the soldiers ' remains .
( OPRAH .COM ) --
Lately , a new kind of sisterly love seems to be in the air .
In the past few years , Sex and the City 's Cynthia Nixon left a boyfriend after a decade and a half and started dating a woman ( and talked openly about it ) .
" Sex and the City " star Cynthia Nixon and her partner Christine Marinoni , left , at a 2008 reception .
Actress Lindsay Lohan and DJ Samantha Ronson flaunted their relationship from New York to Dubai .
Katy Perry 's song " I Kissed a Girl " topped the charts .
" The L Word , " " Work Out , " and " Top Chef " are featuring gay women on TV , and there 's even talk of a lesbian reality show in the works .
Certainly nothing is new about women having sex with women , but we 've arrived at a moment in the popular culture when it all suddenly seems almost fashionable -- or at least , acceptable .
Statistics on how many women have traded boyfriends and husbands for girlfriends are hard to come by .
Although the U.S. Census Bureau keeps track of married , divorced , single , and even same - sex partners living together , it does n't look for the stories behind those numbers .
But experts like Binnie Klein , a Connecticut - based psychotherapist and lecturer in Yale 's department of psychiatry , agree that alternative relationships are on the rise .
" It 's clear that a change in sexual orientation is imaginable to more people than ever before , and there 's more opportunity -- and acceptance -- to cross over the line , " says Klein , noting that a half - dozen of her married female patients in the past few years have fallen in love with women .
" Most are afraid that if they do n't go for it , they 'll end up with regrets . "
Feminist philosopher Susan Bordo , Ph.D , a professor of English and gender and women 's studies at the University of Kentucky and author of " Unbearable Weight : Feminism , Western Culture , and the Body , " also agrees that in the current environment , more women may be stepping out of the conventional gender box .
Do n't Miss Oprah.com :
Why do women fall for other women ?
Oprah.com :
Why do women fall for other women ?
Oprah.com : Comedian Carol Leifer attempts a lesbian fling
Oprah.com : Comedian Carol Leifer attempts a lesbian fling Oprah.com :
The hidden lives of gay wives
" When a taboo is lifted or diminished , it 's going to leave people freer to pursue things , " she says .
" So it makes sense that we would see women , for all sorts of reasons , walking through that door now that the culture has cracked it open .
Of course , we should n't imagine that we 're living in a world where all sexual choices are possible .
Just look at the cast of ' The L Word ' and it's clear that only a certain kind of lesbian -- slim and elegant or butch in just the right androgynous way -- is acceptable to mainstream culture . "
That said , of the recent high - profile cases , it 's Cynthia Nixon 's down - to - earth attitude that may have blazed a trail for many women .
In 1998 , when " Sex and the City " debuted on HBO , she was settled in a long - term relationship with Danny Mozes , an English professor , with whom she had two children .
They had n't gotten married : " I was wary of it and felt like it was potentially a trap , so I steered clear of it , " Nixon said in an interview with London 's Daily Mirror .
In 2004 , after ending her 15 - year relationship with Mozes , Nixon began seeing Christine Marinoni , at the time a public school advocate whom she 'd met while working on a campaign to reduce class sizes in New York City .
Marinoni was a great support when the actress was diagnosed with breast cancer .
Far from hiding the relationship , Nixon has spoken freely in TV and newspaper interviews about it not being a big deal .
" I have been with men all my life and had never met a woman I had fallen in love with before , " she told the Daily Mirror .
" But when I did , it did n't seem so strange .
It did n't change who I am .
I 'm just a woman who fell in love with a woman . "
Oprah.com : Cynthia Nixon 's new life
Over the past several decades , scientists have struggled in fits and starts to get a handle on sexual orientation .
Born or bred ?
Can it change during one 's lifetime ?
A handful of studies in the 1990s , most of them focused on men , suggested that homosexuality is hardwired .
In one study , researchers linked DNA markers in the Xq28 region of the X chromosome to gay males .
But a subsequent larger study failed to replicate the results , leaving the American Academy of Pediatrics and the American Psychological Association to speculate that sexual orientation probably has multiple causes , including environmental , cognitive , and biological factors .
Today , however , a new line of research is beginning to approach sexual orientation as much less fixed than previously thought , especially when it comes to women .
The idea that human sexuality forms a continuum has been around since 1948 , when Alfred Kinsey introduced his famous seven - point scale , with zero representing complete heterosexuality , 6 signifying complete homosexuality , and bisexuality in the middle , where many of the men and women he interviewed fell .
The new buzz phrase coming out of contemporary studies is " sexual fluidity . "
" People always ask me if this research means everyone is bisexual .
No , it doesn't , " says Lisa Diamond , Ph.D , associate professor of psychology and gender studies at the University of Utah and author of the 2008 book " Sexual Fluidity : Understanding Women 's Love and Desire . "
" Fluidity represents a capacity to respond erotically in unexpected ways due to particular situations or relationships .
It does n't appear to be something a woman can control . "
Furthermore , studies indicate that it's more prevalent in women than in men , according to Bonnie Zylbergold , assistant editor of American Sexuality , an online magazine .
In a 2004 landmark study at Northwestern University , the results were eye - opening .
During the experiment , the female subjects became sexually aroused when they viewed heterosexual as well as lesbian erotic films .
This was true for both gay and straight women .
Among the male subjects , however , the straight men were turned on only by erotic films with women , the gay ones by those with men .
" We found that women 's sexual desire is less rigidly directed toward a particular sex , as compared with men's , and it's more changeable over time , " says the study 's senior researcher , J. Michael Bailey , Ph.D. " These findings likely represent a fundamental difference between men's and women 's brains . "
This idea , that the libido can wander back and forth between genders , Diamond admits , may be threatening and confusing to those with conventional beliefs about sexual orientation .
But when the women she 's interviewed explain their feelings , it does n't sound so wild .
Many of them say , for example , they are attracted to the person , and not the gender -- moved by traits like kindness , intelligence , and humor , which could apply to a man or a woman .
Most of all , they long for an emotional connection .
And if that comes by way of a female instead of a male , the thrill may override whatever heterosexual orientation they had .
Oprah.com : Meet women who are making the switch
By Mary A. Fischer from O , The Oprah Magazine , April 2009
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
All About Sex and the City • Same - Sex Marriage • Sexuality
The world ’s oldest teen is becoming an honest man .
After six decades of indecisiveness , Archie Andrews is going to settle down with his longtime love — but will it be Betty or Veronica ?
The perpetual teenager will pop the question to either best friend Betty Cooper or to the beguiling Veronica Lodge in Archie Comics No. 600 , which is due in comic - book stores in August .
“ What would lead Archie to have marriage on his mind ?
And who would he choose , Veronica or Betty ?
How will Betty react ?
How will Veronica react ?
Can Archie shake off his klutzy past and hold down a steady job . . . for more than a month ?
One thing is certain :
This will be the biggest Archie Comics story ever ! ” a solicitation for the comic says .
“ You will see him make the decision , ” said Archie Comics ’ editor - in - chief Victor Gorelick of the sixissue storyline , which features a glimpse of Archie and the Riverdale gang five years down the line .
Archie , Gorelick said , is able to sneak a peek into the future he ’s never been able to reach in the comics in the landmark 600th issue , when he takes a right turn down Memory Lane .
“ He goes a bit into the future when he becomes engaged and married , ” Gorelick said — but he would n’t say to whom .
“ We ’re not saying anything , ” he said .
“ The office is in lockdown . ”
dareh.gregorian@nypost.com
From gardening to urban foraging , home - grown greens to composting , it ’s all about getting creative ( and local ) with your meals .
I decided to research foods I can forage in my own neck of the woods , but there are plenty of options wherever you are , too .
Go forage !
Mushrooms
Before you begin gathering wild mushrooms , identify any poisonous species that grow in your area .
Although most are edible , it ’s better to play it safe .
Also , never eat them raw and stay away from those that have been damaged by insects .
Watercress
This pungent perennial potherb typically grows near bodies of water , so make sure the water source is clean before consuming it .
Since watercress can be eaten raw , all you have to do is cut the stem off and rinse it with cold water .
Common Chickweed
Widespread throughout the country , this annual plant yields a distinct star - shaped flower .
Its leaves and stems are edible and can be eaten raw .
Typically dismissed as a pesky weed , common chickweed is a rich source of potassium and calcium .
Wild Rice
These tall grasses flourish in large colonies in rivers and streams and can easily be foraged with the help of a canoe or small boat .
Similar to reeds in appearance , wild rice is a great source of protein , and its stems , root shoots and grains are all edible .
Clover
This cosmopolitan genus is easy to find in the wilderness .
Its seeds are edible , and its dried flower heads can be used to brew tea .
You can eat its leaves raw , just immerse them in salt water first to help with digestion .
Burdock
These biennial thistles thrive in open meadows and gardens , but they are not useless weeds .
You can peel the leaf stalks and eat them raw , and their taproot is edible as well .
Be careful not to mistake this plant for the belladonna ( deadly nightshade ) , which is poisonous .
Dandelions
This flowering weed runs rampant throughout the country , and its seeds , crowns , roots , leaves and flower petals are all edible .
Milkweed
Milkweed is edible but can potentially contain cardiac glycosides , which are toxic .
So , it ’s critical that you prepare this wild plant with care before consuming it .
Steep the whole plant in water and rub the wool off young shoots .
You can then boil them .
The seed pods are edible , too .
Thistles
( shown at top )
These flowering plants grow in the wild on open fields throughout the country .
Distinguished by its spiky leaves , thistles can serve as a tasty potherb .
Just cut off the leaves ’ sharp tips , peel the rind off the root and use salt water to boil these parts of the plant .
Cattails
These tall monocots flourish in or near bodies of water .
Peel away the outer layer of the shoots to reveal a white core , use clean water to rinse them off and eat these tender shoots raw or cooked .
High in starch , their roots are also edible .
Yucca
Yucca is most common in arid climates , and its petals can be eaten raw .
The fruit found on its stalk can also be eaten raw , as long as the inside appears white .
Persimmons
Considered “ the fruit of the gods ” by the ancient Greeks , this orange fruit typically grows on trees in temperate climates .
Soft when ripe , persimmons can be eaten raw , and you can also roast its seeds to make coffee .
Prickly Pear
This cactus - like plant flourishes in dry soil in southern regions of the country , and both its pad and pear are edible .
To eat the pad , cut off the spines using a paring knife , roast them and peel away the outer layer .
To eat the pear , just remove its spines and skin .
Bulrush
Bulrush typically grows in or around swamps , and its roots , stems and seeds are all edible , whether cooked or raw .
Lamb ’s Quarters
Many people mistake this fast - growing annual plant for a worthless weed , but lamb ’s quarters are actually edible and quite nutritious .
The seeds are a healthy snack and the leaves and stems taste similar to spinach when cooked .
Leeks
Resembling onions in appearance and smell , wild leeks commonly emerge during springtime deep in the forests .
Both their leaves and bulbs are edible and can be eaten raw , steamed , fried or baked .
Wild Carrot
Though tougher and woodier than those you buy at the grocery store , the wild carrot grows in dry fields , and its roots are edible .
Just be careful not to mistake it with similar poisonous species like water hemlocks and fool ’s parsley .
Arrowhead
Arrowheads typically grow sparsely in stagnant bodies of water .
Attached to the root of this aquatic plant , the tuber resembles a potato and is best peeled and roasted .
Spring Beauty
Emerging at the start of the season , spring beauty thrives in moist woodlands .
Just pull the narrow leaves that protrude from the ground to reveal its fleshly corms , peel away the outer layer , rinse off the corm , cook it or consume it raw .
Wild Onion
Found on various landscapes , such as rocky slopes , prairies and forests , the wild onion smells and tastes similar to its domestic counterpart .
Just peel off the outer layers and boil the bulb in a pot of salt water .
For more information about edible plants , check out parts one and two of Common Edible Wild Plants , browse through this comprehensive list of Edible Wild Plants or search the Edible Wild Plants Index by environment , season or food type .
What wild fruits , vegetables , roots or grasses grow in your area ?
Images : , polandeze , Mosieur J. , Dawn Endico , westernagriculturalservices , jelene , pellaea , Kamil Porembinski , JacobEnos , foxypar4 , cuttlefish , kretyen , pizzodisevo , foxypar4 , ndrwfgg , macinate , e3000 , pawpaw67 , wickmans , desultrix , will in nashville
The pirates used small boats to attack the vessel for several hours US crew members have retaken their hijacked ship but their captain is still being held by Somali pirates on a lifeboat , reports say .
Pentagon sources and relatives of the Maersk Alabama 's 20 crew were earlier quoted as saying the ship was back under control after a struggle .
But later reports emerged that the captain was still in the hands of the hijackers , adrift in the lifeboat .
It was the sixth ship seized off Somalia in recent days .
It is reportedly the first time in 200 years that a US - flagged vessel has been seized by pirates .
The Associated Press reported that they had spoken to a sailor on board the Maersk Alabama who said the crew had retaken the vessel and one pirate had been captured .
But the unnamed sailor told AP that three of the pirates were now holding the captain hostage in a lifeboat .
The ship 's owners later confirmed that the pirates were off the ship but holding the captain .
" We are working closely with the US military and other government agencies to continue to respond to this situation as it develops further and will provide additional information as we are able , " Maersk said in a statement .
The ship was attacked by several small boats in the early hours of Wednesday in an incident apparently lasting for about five hours .
Maritime officials said the vessel took all possible evasive action before it reported that the pirates had boarded .
More than 130 pirate attacks were reported in 2008 , including almost 50 successful hijacks .
Pirates typically hold the ships and crews until large ransoms are paid by the shipping companies - last year the firms handed over about $ 80 m ( £ 54 m ) .
The huge increase in frequency of attacks has forced several navies to deploy warships in the Gulf of Aden to protect one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Thousands of marauding caterpillars trap car in silky web
Most drivers would be delighted if their car came with a silk - lined interior .
Whether it 's such an appealing prospect on the outside is another matter .
This is the sight that greeted one unlucky motorist when he returned to his vehicle in Rotterdam .
Moth attack : Spindle ermines covered this car with a giant silk web in Rotterdam
Webbed tree :
The moths spin their web as a form of protection from wasps and birds before they pupate in their cocoons
Under a giant silk cocoon created by an army of caterpillars , the shape of a Honda is just about visible .
The car was mistaken as food by spindle ermine larvae , which had already begun to strip a nearby tree of its leaves .
Spindle ermines weave silk webs to protect themselves from birds and wasps , allowing them to gorge on leaves for six weeks before transforming into butterflies .
Eight species live in Britain and their webs can be seen throughout the country .
Their favoured tree is the spindle - which is often used in car parks and for lining motorways .
Stuart Hine of the Natural History Museum said : ' It only takes a few days .
But we are n't talking about anything from Indiana Jones here .
Recently my life has been a hype ; partly due to my upcoming Python addiction .
There ’s simply no way around it ; so I should better confess it in public .
I ’m in love with Python .
It ’s not only mature , businessproof and performant , but also benefits from sleekness , great performance and is just so much fun to write .
It ’s as if I were in Star Trek and only had to tell the computer what I wanted ; never minding how the job actually it is done .
Even my favourite comic artist ( besides Scott Adams , of course ..) took up on it ; so my feelings have to be honest .
In this short tutorial , I ’m going to show you how to scrape a website with the 3rd party html - parsing module BeautifulSoup in a practical example .
We will search the wonderful translation engine dict.cc , which holds the key to over 700 k translations from English to German and vice versa .
Note that BeautifulSoup is liscensed just like Python while dict.cc allows for external searching .
First of , place BeautifulSoup.py in your modules directory .
Alternatively , if you just want to do a quick test , put in the same directory where you will be writing your program .
Then start your favourite text editor / Python IDE ( for quick prototyping like we are about to do , I highly recommend a combination of IDLE and VIM ) and begin coding .
In this tutorial we wo n’t be doing any design ; we wo n’t even encapsulate in a class .
How to do that , later on , is up to your needs .
What we will do :
go to dict.cc enter a search word into the webform submit the form read the result parse the html code save all translations print them
You can either read the needed coded on the fly or download it .
Now let ’s begin the magic .
Those are our needed imports .
import urllib import urllib2 import string import sys from BeautifulSoup import BeautifulSoup
urllib and urllib2 are both modules offering the possibility to read data from various URLs ; they will be needed to open the connection and retrieve the website .
BeautifulSoup is , as mentioned , a html parser .
Since we are going to fetch our data from a website , we have to behave like a browser .
That ’s why will be needing to fake a user agent .
For our program , I chose to push the webstatistics a little in favour of Firefox and Solaris .
user_agent = ' Mozilla / 5 ( Solaris 10 ) Gecko ' headers = { ' User - Agent ' : user_agent }
Now let ’s take a look at the code of dict.cc .
We need to know how the webform is constructed if we want to query it .
... < form style = " margin:0 px " action = " http://www.dict.cc/ " method= " get " > < table > < tr > < td > < input id =" sinp " maxlength = " 100 " name= " s " size = " 25 " type = " text " /> style = " padding : 2 px ; width:340 px " value= " " > ...</td> </tr> </table > </ form > ...
The relevant parts are action , method and the name inside the input tag .
The action is the webapplication that will get called when the form is submitted .
The method shows us how we need to encode the data for the form while the name is our query variable .
values = {'s ' : sys.argv[ 1 ] } data = urllib.urlencode( values ) request = urllib2.Request ( " http://www.dict.cc/ " , data , headers ) response = urllib2.urlopen ( request )
Here the data get ’s encapsulated in a GET request and packed into the webform .
Notice that values is a dictionary which makes handling more complex forms a charm .
The the form gets submitted by urlopen ( ) – i.e. we virtually pressed the “ Search ” - button .
See how easy it is ?
These are only a couple lines of code , but we already have searched on dict.cc for a completely arbitrary word from the commandline .
The response has also been retrieved .
All that is left , is to extract the relevant information .
the_page = response.read ( ) pool = BeautifulSoup ( the_page )
The response is read and saved into regular html code .
This code could now be analyzed via regular string .
find ( ) or re.findall ( ) methods , but this implies hard - coding in reference to a lot of the underlying logic of the page .
Besides , it would require a lot reverse engineering of the positional parameters , setting up several potentially recursive methods .
This would ultimately produce ugly ( i.e. not very pythonic ) code .
Lucky for us , there already is a full fledged html parser which allows us to ask just about any generic question .
Let ’s take a look at the resulting html code , first .
If you are not yet familar with the tool that can be seen in the screenshot ; I ’m using Firefox with the Firebug addon .
This one is very helpful if you ever need to debug a website .
Let me show an excerpt of the code .
< table >.. < td class = " td7nl " style= " background-color : rgb( 233 , 233 , 233 ) ; " > < a href= " /englisch-deutsch/web.html " > < b> web</b> </ a> </td > < td class = " td7nl " ... /td> </table >..
The results are displayed in a table .
The two interesting columns share the class td7nl .
The most efficient way would seem to just sweep all the data from inside the cells of these two columns .
Fortunately for us , BeautifulSoup implemented just that feature .
results = pool.findAll ( 'td ' , attrs={' class ' : ' td7nl'} ) source = '' translations = [ ] for result in results : word = '' for tmp in result. findAll( text=True ) : word = word + " " + unicode ( tmp ) .encode ( " utf - 8 " ) if source == '' : source = word else : translations .append (( source , word ) ) for translation in translations : print " %s => %s " % ( translation [ 0 ] , translation [ 1 ] )
results will be a BeautifulSoup .
ResultSet .
Each member of the tuple is the html code of one column of the class td7nl .
Notice that you can access each element like you would expect in a tuple . result.findAll( text=True ) will return each embedded textual element of the table .
All we have to do is merge the different tags together .
source and word are temporary variables that will hold one translation in each iteration .
Each translation will be saved as a pair ( list ) inside the translations tuple .
Finally we iterate over the found translations and write them to the screen .
$ python webscraping_demo.py kinky {adj} => 9 kraus [ Haar ] kinky {adj} => nappy {adj} [ Am. ] kinky {adj} => 6 kraus [ Haar ] kinky {adj} => crinkly {adj} kinky {adj} => kraus kinky {adj} => curly {adj} kinky {adj} => kraus kinky {adj} => frizzily {adv}
In a regular application those results would need a little lexing , of course .
The most important thing , however , is that we just wrote a translation wrapper onto a webapplication – in only 28 lines of code .
Did I mention that I ’m in love with Python ?
All that is left is for me to recommend the BeautifulSoup documentation .
What we did here really did n’t cover what this module is capable of .
I wish you all the best .
+ 13
Houses • Los Angeles , United States Architects : Standard
Area Area of this architecture project Area : 167 m²
Text description provided by the architects .
L.A. based practice Standard sent us this 167 sqm concrete and wood passive solar house on the top of a hillside in Los Angeles .
This house responds to its site and the city through its transparent southern exposure .
A large ash tree literally envelopes the house , creating a microclimate to which the project responds .
The house employs passive solar design and other low tech methods of climate control even as the open south elevation allows panoramic views of the Los Angeles basin .
A partially concealed post and beam structure modulates the exterior and allows openings to span from floor to ceiling .
The second floor bears on thin stainless steel columns and cantilevers over a concrete deck , which in turn cantilevers over the slope .
The horizontal layering of the roof and floors extends the interior and engages the space under the tree .
The strong horizontal projections also provide visual balance to the immense trunk and limbs .
Redwood siding clads the overhangs and defines the transition between the inside and out .
The horizontal layering of the roof and floors extends the interior and engages the space under the tree .
The strong horizontal projections also provide visual balance to the immense trunk and limbs .
Redwood siding clads the overhangs and defines the transition between the inside and out .
All photographs by Benny Chan
As conspicuous consumption goes , the name is n't even trying to be ironic .
But it 's not really about the money .
Stereophile 's reviews follow a fixed format : " I was unconvinced that Very Expensive Product X would do anything at all , but having tried it the results are truly astonishing .
Although I still have one or two lingering criticisms ( which are so trivial I honestly hesitate to mention them , even in passing , although of course in the interests of journalistic integrity nonetheless I find myself forced to ) the music pouring from my vinyl now sounds so very much better than it used to that I do n't believe I 'll be able to listen to anything inferior ever again . "
Stereophile Magazine is notorious for its reviews of achingly expensive hifi .
Exhibit A for would - be owners of sonic exotica is the ClearAudio Statement turntable .
For a mere $ 125,000 you can buy a precision - machined 770 pound contraption , bolted together from wood , ceramic and aluminium , which you can use to play your favourite warped and crackly vinyl .
It uses the same motors as the Mars Rovers , which presumably makes it useful for anyone who wants to play their music in a low density atmosphere .
What makes this entertaining is that the same hyperbole is used for every single product , whether it's a monstrous turntable or something more exotic - like these Shakti Stones .
SHAKTI Noise Reduction Technology ( NRT ) absorbs and dissipates Electromagnetic Interference ( EMI ) .
Automotive Computers ( ECUs ) and audio / video components self generate a radiated EMI field that degrades signal transfer functions .
The word SHAKTI means " energy . "
Through an energy conversion , inductive coupling process , the " antenna - like " circuits within SHAKTI attract and then resistively convert EMI to non-interfering heat .
This increases horsepower and speeds up 0 to 60 times in automotive engines and improves resolution in high definition audio / video systems .
No electrical connection is required because all interactions take place through radiated field mutual coupling .
One need only place SHAKTI units in near proximity to the CPU or audio component to obtain discernible performance improvements .
These remarkable items not only make audio sound better , they also improve car acceleration by an impressive 2 - 3 horsepower - although as the website says :
` Customer perception during beta testing of SHAKTI units was filled with testimonials that the improvement felt much greater than the measured 2 to 3 horsepower dyno runs showed . '
Which is nice - only a very special kind of horsepower can feel better than other kinds of horsepower , and from that point of view Shakti Stones seem to be delivering on their promises .
This may explain why one hifi reviewer bought eight of them for his system - although he has n't told anyone if this has improved his 0 - 60 times .
( Perhaps a low density atmosphere would help ? )
But it does n't end there .
For a while a company called Silver Rock were selling a knob - i.e. a piece of machined wood - for $ 500 .
Replacing the mundane metal knobs on your amplifier 's volume control with this miracle of varnish and lacquer - actual wood included - promised rapturous changes in musical performance .
Inexplicably , the product seems to have been withdrawn - perhaps because when the entire Internet started linking to the page , the retailers discovered that yes , there really is such a thing as bad publicity .
Steeping into the breech , you can still pay CHF 320 ( about  200 ) for a set of three turned wooden ovoids which will supposedly `get rid of the metallic sound ' of a cheap CD player .
By decoupling horizontally and providing a " excellent sounding " vertical interface medium ( in this aspect similar to optimal spikes ) they have an exceptional effect on audio equipment placed atop of them , be it CD - players , transformers , speakers and amps .
The have an extremely positive effect on transparency , natural timbres , ambience reproduction and dynamics : the gain in coherency and focus is simply astonishing .
The point is proved on the website by connecting a cheap and nasty bargain - bucket CD player to a monstrously expensive amplifier and speaker combination .
It 's always good to see value for money , and turning a $ 100 CD player into one with a much more expensive sound is certainly impressive .
No round - up of hifi exotica can avoid a mention of Peter Belt 's unique website , where he claims to be to be able to transform the sound of HiFi by adorning it with tiny pieces of foil and rubbing components with special creams .
Because his commercial products are n't cheap , and he has the best interests of his customers at heart , he generously offers the following free advice :
Place a plain piece of paper under any ONE of the four feet of a piece of equipment .
This applies to any piece of equipment , even if it is not an item of audio equipment .
Listen to some music for a short time , then remove the piece of paper and see if you can listen to the same music with the same pleasure - without the plain piece of paper in position !!
Pin back ONE of the four corners of all curtains in the listening room with a safety pin ..
Listen to some music for a short time , then remove the safety pins and see if you can listen to the same music with the same pleasure - without the corner of the curtain pinned back !!
If you have a vase of flowers or a pot in a plant pot in the listening room , stand the vase or the plant pot on a plain piece of BLUE paper .
Listen to some music for a short time , then remove the piece of Blue paper and see if you can listen to the same music with the same pleasure - without the piece of Blue paper in position !!
( Note - punctuation and capitalisation retained from the original . )
It 's easy - and indeed it 's fun - to mock .
But something interesting is happening here .
HiFi demonstrates it in one of its purest forms , but it 's hardly exclusive to the HiFi market .
I 'm sure audiophiles genuinely enjoy music , but they seem to part company with the rest of us when ever - more exotic combinations of expensive and unlikely hardware do n't seem to have anything much to do with the sound .
Audiophiles are dismissive of double blind testing , and it's no surprise that when double blind tests are attempted they inevitably score poorly .
They 're also prone to laugh - out - loud inconsistencies .
One Stereophile reviewer enjoys recording the sound of his system onto cheap CDRs , which he sends out to readers so they can share the awe for themselves .
The phenomenon does n't have a name yet , but if it did it would be something like consumer narcissicism .
This is n't a perfect definition , because the sense of specialness is n't as arbitrary as it is in clinical narcissism .
Instead , it seems to be less of a pathology and more about esoteric perceptions of manna and mojo .
With both high end and low end hifi , the hardware becomes a fetishised extension of the owner 's self image - a personal totem for the living room .
There 's more that could be said here , especially about the psychology of projecting near - perfect isolation and freedom from corruption and external influences into a personal fetish .
But instead of taking that detour , it 's more useful to note that what seems to be happening is that spending money on exotica allows hifi owners to persuade themselves that they 're equally exotic and significant - unique individuals gifted with a rare sensitivity far beyond the norm , and the rare spending power needed to bring it to its fullest expression .
It 's not so much about music - especially considering that most of these unique individuals are in their fifties and over , with diminishing hearing .
It 's more about trying to possess mojo in an unusually concrete and solid form .
And the hardware is n't just a positional marker of status , because the process is as much for internal as external consumption .
In narrative terms , the hardware gives the buyer an excuse to tell a story about themselves which starts with `I am the kind of person who ...' , and then segues into self - flattery and egotism .
With hifi , this is amusing to outsiders , but largely harmless ; in resource terms , exotic hifi hardware barely registers on the let 's - rape - and - pillage - Gaia scale .
Elsewhere it 's very much more destructive , because this sleight of mind is so heavily conditioned and ubiquitous that it becomes the unconscious default for economics , marketing and politics .
Think `I 'm the kind of person who ...' and watch the ads .
The Mac brand is based on fostering evangelical buyer narcissism .
Apple set out to do this deliberately , and succeeded .
But whole mythologies have been created around computer hardware and software by playing on these feelings - the Open Source movement could n't exist without them - to the point where objective effectiveness starts to become less important than the experience of distinction and participation associated with owning and using the right tools .
The tools become signifiers of self - image .
They may or may not be useful objectively .
But `Being the kind of person who ...' uses one tool , as opposed to a different tool , assumes a personal importance which is hard to justify dispassionately .
Of course it 's not just toys for boys .
L'Oreal 's ` Because you 're worth it ' slogan has been pilloried in public ( but check out those comments ... )
The beauty market could n't exist without consumer narcissicism .
Nor could the shoe market .
This is narrative in action , and lifestyle marketing is based entirely on this kind of semantic and psychological anxiety - inducing flattery .
It 's hard to think of a significant non-essential product which is n't sold or marketed on the suggested basis of a fanciful , if not downright silly , self - labelling .
More subtle kinds of identity narcissism can span entire industries .
Book publishing and fine art are founded on this - writing skill and aesthetic ability are built on the excellent sense of self - regard required to be a true connoisseur of art and literature .
No one needs a $ 125 million painting , any more than they need a $ 125,000 turntable .
But the option to buy is always good , by definition .
Mainstream economic theory runs into a problem here .
Serious People like to tell us that consumers are rational actors , and that there 's a rational value called `utility ' , which seems to be defined as the thing which consumers are rational about .
But most consumer activity is - clearly - not about rational choices .
Survival essentials can , at a stretch , be reduced to pure utility .
But a walk around any food store should be enough to make it clear that consumer choice is as much about satisfying narcissistic cravings for self - identification as for providing protein and carbs .
Hence , sinful chocolates jostle with virtuous weight loss yoghurts , and every supermarket has an upmarket connoisseur range , traditionally signified by black packaging with gold or silver trim .
Only the utilities provide true utility , perhaps because water , sewage treatment and energy are so ubiquitous and so difficult to brand that there 's no obvious way to turn them into fetishistic statements .
If someone could make advertising flow out of the cold tap , it 's a sure bet that they would .
Everywhere else , packaging and branding provide anthropological motivation .
The less successful brands , or perhaps those aimed at less successful consumers , suggest instant gratification and the satisfaction of more or less plausible needs .
( ` Buy our shower gel - improve your reproductive potential ' )
The more ambitious marketers try to craft a mythology of identification , converting identity politics into a driver of consumer behaviour .
If you want to ` Be part of it ' you can buy a ` Product like no other ' , promoted by creative talent which wraps the nonsense in a glossy finish which makes it look respectable rather than ridiculous - as long as you 're asleep and dreaming , and happy not to make any effort to wake up and wonder what the fuck is going on around you .
And so .
Capitalism is inherently pre-rational .
It 's atavistic , totemic , even shamanistic - but most of all , it 's irrational and unconscious .
Capitalism sells the illusion of mojo , marketing practical items as tribal power fetishes .
The possession of these items confers magical powers of seductiveness , effectiveness , creativity and potency on their owner .
There 's no difference between the so - called savage with a magically - charged weapon , and the so - called salesman with his streamlined BMW or Porsche .
The sense of participation mystique with a numinous world of extended consciousness and personal power is the same in both cases .
And in practice car ads - in fact all ads - deliberately emphasise the pristine unreality of the experience in an attempt to suggest the limitless dreamlike potential mojo of ownership .
We do n't parse the economic world as savage , because we live in it , and we 're indoctrinated from birth in a tribal narrative of enlightenment and rationality .
But rational utility carries an awareness of consequences which is utterly lacking from this semi-mysticised world view .
And historically , while the Enlightenment attacked religiosity , it did n't , and never has , challenged the political and tribal foundations of economics .
So while religion is sometimes viewed skeptically , mojo economics has never been challenged or questioned in the same way .
Consensus economics barely acknowledges physical consequences because it has never been a calculus of resources .
It has always been a social game which externalizes these atavistic perceptions of mojo and power .
Since these happen within a dream - like world of self - identification and delusion , rational consequences are deprecated - all that matters is the personal experience of mojo and the ability to persuade self and others that one 's ' brand ' has power , either through explicit display of power objects or through the marketing of personal charisma and persuasiveness .
Because mojo and charisma are synonymous , it 's possible to swap charisma for cash .
Entire industries - from personal training , to motivational speaking , to some of the arts - become possible with this relationship .
This is why if you visit a distilled environment like Second Life , everyone seems to be sleeping the deep sleep of the hypnotized and possessed .
In a very literal sense , identity narcissism is a kind of possession - it eats identity to the extent where it defines the limits of thinking , feeling , desire and hope .
Real freedom comes from defining your own options - not in a ` Be who you are ' way , but with a conscious and rational balancing of original creative imagination with the demands of reality .
Consumerism offers neither .
Buying choices at a discount is n't freedom , it 's a kind of psychological sharecropping - the collars and chains are n't physical , but they define and control behaviour just as if they were .
The urge to buy an entry ticket to a brand narrative feels like freedom , and it 's defined as freedom , but in reality it 's a perfect opposite .
The lie is revealed by the way in which dissidents - individuals who are n't pathologically miserly , but are willingly to live frugally and do n't try to `express themselves ' through their spending or accumulation or lifestyle choices - are so rare in affluent cultures that they 're invisible and almost unknown .
What does this mean for politics and democracy ?
More about that in Part 2 ...
The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) has settled a GPL compliance lawsuit with network hardware maker Cisco .
Under the terms of the settlement , Cisco will make a monetary donation to the FSF and appoint a Free Software Director to conduct continuous reviews of the company 's license compliance practices .
The FSF filed a lawsuit against Cisco last year , alleging that Linksys — which is owned by Cisco— routinely failed to adhere to the requirements of GNU 's General Public License ( GPL ) , under which Linux and other open source software programs are distributed .
The GPL stipulates that recipients of a software program must be permitted to study , modify , and redistribute the underlying source code .
According to the FSF , Linksys often declined to provide source code upon request or failed to provide the complete source code of GPL - licensed programs that it integrated into its networking hardware products .
The FSF began communicating with Cisco about the issue in 2003 and helped the company understand its licensing obligations .
At the time , Cisco acknowledged its mistakes and attempted to rectify the problem .
Linksys continued , however , to fall short of the requirements defined by the GPL .
When talks between the FSF and Cisco broke down in 2008 , the FSF filed a GPL infringement lawsuit against the company .
Cisco is a major contributor to the kernel and has been investing in community outreach efforts around some of its Linux - based products .
As a highly active member in the open source community , Cisco should have known better than to disregard GPL compliance concerns .
The FSF lawsuit was an embarrassment for the company and also raised the possibility that Cisco could potentially have lost its right to distribute GPL - licensed software .
As we predicted in our coverage of the lawsuit last year , Cisco decided to settle the matter swiftly out of court .
In a statement issued on Wednesday , the FSF described the terms of the settlement and expressed satisfaction with the final outcome of the conflict .
" We are glad that Cisco has affirmed its commitment to the free software community by implementing additional measures within its compliance program and dedicating appropriate resources to them , further reassuring the users ' freedoms under the GPL , " said FSF executive director Peter Brown in a statement .
" Our agreement results in making all of the relevant source code available in the fastest way possible . "
This was the first time that the FSF has ever filed a lawsuit over GPL compliance failures relating to use of its own software .
The Software Freedom Law Center ( SFLC ) , however , has filed a steady stream of lawsuits against embedded hardware vendors on behalf of the developers of the Busybox project .
These lawsuits have consistently been settled out of court .
The FSF and the SFLC believe in nonconfrontational enforcement and only escalate to litigation in cases where vendors are unwilling to cooperate .
The obligations associated with distributing GPL - licensed software are not especially onerous , so companies are generally inclined to take the necessary steps when they are properly educated and it becomes clear to them that there are consequences for failing to do so .
The swift resolution of the FSF 's lawsuit against Cisco demonstrates the efficacy of this approach to enforcement .
Listing image by barraquito
message sync is completly rewritten , now also with MMS support
access to Outlook 64 bit rewritten - much faster
filesync rewritten - also much faster now
new thumbnail view mode for filebrowser
adaptions for Android 10
much smaller changes and bugfixes
3.14159 : revising CRs
Quote : Originally Posted by tussock I 'm just going to go out on a limb here and suggest you 're not using the appropriate CR at all .
Characters are supposed to face Encounters made up of CR 's predominantly 0 to 7 less than their own level in groups of up to 12 monsters .
much less deadly to grunts
more frequent per day
makes going nova the wrong tactic most of the time
A while back during Stylean 's postings about her " D& D 3.75 " classes ( e.g. Fighter ) I decided to post a few of my own , e.g. on # attributes on which classes depend .
I stopped posting because of one problem I did n't know how to address : several respondents pointed out that if you rebalance fighters vs spellcasters , you 're inherently rebalancing them vs monsters , too , and at high levels they said only the spellcasters keep up with monsters in effectiveness .
So it seemed to me there was n't much point in my going ahead unless I figured out how I was going to deal with that problem .
IIRC a party is suppsed to face a mix of encounters with Encounter Level ( EL ) from Average Party Level ( APL ) to APL+3 or so , with the former being fairly easy , though draining in resources , and the latter being deadly .
Imagine my surprise when , after posting in a USENET newsgroup , rec.games .
frp.dnd , that one moderately well respected participant said I was handling encounter level all wrong : that if It 's probably best if you read his whole argument or perhaps the whole thread I personally do n't mind if an APL+ 2 encounter is very rare and very deadly , ifthe average encounter isEspecially if that means I do n't need much revision to the whole CR concept to do it !
So , do people think his approach would " solve " my problem for me , or are there " gotchas " that I have n't thought of yet ?
Jamie is currently at the finals of the GameStop / Capcom Street Fighter 4 National Tournament in San Francisco .
She has been there all day and has just called in with the two people that have made it to the finals .
But first , here is the list of players that made it to the tournament :
Plano , Texas – David Hem – C.Viper
San Jose , California – Chris “ CSB ” – Balrog
Chamblee , Georgia – Mike Ross – E.Honda – RUNNER-UP
New York , New York – Justin Wong – Rufus – CHAMPION
Irondequoit , New York – Rahsaan “ EvilRahsaan ” – Dhalsim
Glendale , Arizona – Juicebox Abel – Abel
Chicago , Illinois – Ari “ Floe ” Weintraub – Sagat
Tukwila , WA – Jason “ A - Dhalsim ” Cole – Balrog – SECOND RUNNER-UP
Louisville , Kentucky – Jason “ DreamTR ” Wilson – M. Bison
Bloomington , Minnesota – Kyle “ Coyotegrey ” – Zangief
New Jersey , New Jersey – Christian “ CapMaster ” O’Hanlon – Sagat
Orlando , Florida – Trent “ GimmeThemShoes ” Vandeven – ???
La Place , Louisiana – “ jakob002 ” – M. Bison
Halethorpe , Maryland – Eric “ Ramza ” Kim – Sagat
Maumee , Ohio – Antwan Ortiz – Balrog – SECOND RUNNER-UP
Michael Ross VS Justin Wong . – Finalists
One will be using E. Honda , and the other will be using Rufus .
More on this story as it unfolds .
Here is a video of the final round :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMc0WAY-PRg[/youtube]
=====
Update : Justin Wong won using Rufus ( 4 to 1 ) .
Congratulations , he has just won the GameStop black belt .
Update : Justin moved on to play some champions from other countries .
Update :
The international matches were a round robin .
International finals happening now between Justin Wong and Daigo .
Winner gets a trip straight to the EVO finals .
Here is a video of the match :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0eckVLoaeQ[/youtube]
Update : Daigo wins in a clean sweep .
Congratulations to Daigo .
Jamie will post photos from the event when she can .
Picture of trophy , linked from Capcom Unity .
Volume Index [ Author Index ]
Current Issue ( Volume 26 , Number 2 , June 2020 )
Article : Kyle Adams ( Indiana University ) Harmonic , Syntactic , and Motivic Parameters of Phrase in Hip - Hop
Article : Gurminder K. Bhogal ( Wellesley College ) Orchestral Tissue , Subordinate Arabesques , and Turning Inward in Maurice Ravel ’s Boléro
Article : Ragnhild Brøvig - Hanssen , Bjørnar E. Sandvik ( University of Oslo ) , and Jon Marius Aareskjold - Drecker ( University of Agder ) Dynamic Range Processing and Its Influence on Perceived Timing in Electronic Dance Music
Article : Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) Music Theory and the White Racial Frame
Article : Jonathan Guez ( The College of Wooster ) Recapitulatory Compressions in Some Texted and Instrumental Works by Schubert
Article : Kyle Hutchinson ( University of Toronto ) Retrospective Time and the Subdominant Past : Tonal Hermeneutics in Contemporary Broadway Megamusicals
Article : Noah Kahrs ( Eastman School of Music ) Consonance , Dissonance , and Formal Proportions in Two Works by Sofia Gubaidulina
Article : Ji Yeon Lee ( University of Houston ) Climax Building in Verismo Opera : Archetype and Variants
Article : Joshua Banks Mailman ( Columbia University ) Portmantonality and Babbitt ’s Poetics of Double Entendre
Article : Judith Ofcarcik ( Fort Hays State University ) Multi-Strand Musical Narratives : An Introduction
Article : Gilad Rabinovitch ( Florida State University ) Reimagining Historical Improvisation : An Analysis of Robert Levin ’s Fantasy on Themes by W. A. Mozart , October 29 , 2012
Article : Brent Yorgason and Jeff Lyon ( Brigham Young University ) Fanfare as Fulcrum : A Pivotal Event in Max Steiner ’s Theme for Warner Brothers
Volume 26 , Number 1 , March 2020
Article : Oliver Chandler ( Anglia Ruskin University ) “ Octatonic ” Voice Leading and Diatonic Function in the Allegro molto from Elgar ’s String Quartet in E minor , op .
83
Oliver Chandler ( Anglia Ruskin University ) “ Octatonic ” Voice Leading and Diatonic Function in the from Elgar ’s String Quartet in E minor , op .
83 Article : Martin Clayton ( Durham University ) Theory and Practice of Long - form Non-isochronous Meters : The Case of the North Indian rūpak tāl
Martin Clayton ( Durham University ) Theory and Practice of Long - form Non-isochronous Meters : The Case of the North Indian Article : David Heetderks ( University of North Texas ) What Happens after the Primal Burn ?
Dissonance in Sonic Youth ’s Middle Period
David Heetderks ( University of North Texas ) What Happens after the Primal Burn ?
Dissonance in Sonic Youth ’s Middle Period Article : Cora S. Palfy ( Elon University ) Formal Reminiscence Space and Memory in Sufjan Stevens ’s Storytelling
Cora S. Palfy ( Elon University ) Formal Reminiscence Space and Memory in Sufjan Stevens ’s Storytelling Article : Derek Remeš ( Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts ) Some ( Dis ) Assembly Required : Modularity in the Keyboard Improvisation Pedagogy of Jacob Adlung and Johann Vallade
Derek Remeš ( Lucerne University of Applied Sciences and Arts ) Some ( Dis ) Assembly Required : Modularity in the Keyboard Improvisation Pedagogy of Jacob Adlung and Johann Vallade Review : Dmitri Tymoczko ( Princeton University ) Review - Essay on Fred Lerdahl ’s Composition and Cognition ( University of California Press , 2019 )
Dmitri Tymoczko ( Princeton University ) Review - Essay on Fred Lerdahl ’s ( University of California Press , 2019 ) Report : Fred Everett Maus ( University of Virginia ) LGBTQ +
Lives in Professional Music
Theory
Volume 25 , Number 4 , December 2019
Article : Jennifer P. Beavers ( The University of Texas at San Antonio ) Beyond Mere Novelty : Timbre as Primary Structural Marker in Ravel ’s Piano Concerto in G Major
Jennifer P. Beavers ( The University of Texas at San Antonio ) Beyond Mere Novelty : Timbre as Primary Structural Marker in Ravel ’s Article : Barbara Bleij ( Conservatorium van Amsterdam ) Three Multifaceted Compositions by Wayne Shorter : “ E.S.P. , ” “ Infant Eyes , ” and “ Virgo ”
Barbara Bleij ( Conservatorium van Amsterdam ) Three Multifaceted Compositions by Wayne Shorter : “ E.S.P. , ” “ Infant Eyes , ” and “ Virgo ” Article : Ben Duinker ( McGill University ) Plateau Loops and Hybrid Tonics in Recent Pop Music
Ben Duinker ( McGill University ) Plateau Loops and Hybrid Tonics in Recent Pop Music Article : Philip Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) On the Russian Concept of Lād , 1830 –1945
Philip Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) On the Russian Concept of Lād , 1830 – 1945 Article : Patrice Nicolas ( Université de Moncton ) Challenging Some Misconceptions about the Règle de l’octave
Patrice Nicolas ( Université de Moncton ) Challenging Some Misconceptions about the Review : Judy Lochhead ( Stony Brook University ) Review - Essay on Suzannah Clark and Alexander Rehding , eds. , Music in Time : Phenomenology , Perception , Performance ( Harvard University Press , 2016 )
Judy Lochhead ( Stony Brook University ) Review - Essay on Suzannah Clark and Alexander Rehding , eds. , ( Harvard University Press , 2016 ) Report : Timothy Koozin ( University of Houston ) Conference Report : “ Come Together : Fifty Years of Abbey Road ”
Volume 25 , Number 3 , September 2019
Article : Andrew Conklin ( University of the Pacific ) Writing Wrong Notes : Chromatic Clashes in the Music of Tune - Yards
Andrew Conklin ( University of the Pacific ) Writing Wrong Notes : Chromatic Clashes in the Music of Tune - Yards Article : Elizabeth Medina - Gray ( Ithaca College ) Analyzing Modular Smoothness in Video Game Music
Elizabeth Medina - Gray ( Ithaca College ) Analyzing Modular Smoothness in Video Game Music Article : Garrett Michaelsen ( University of Massachusetts Lowell ) Making “ Anti-Music ” : Divergent Interactional Strategies in the Miles Davis Quintet ’s The Complete Live at the Plugged Nickel 1965
Garrett Michaelsen ( University of Massachusetts Lowell ) Making “ Anti-Music ” : Divergent Interactional Strategies in the Miles Davis Quintet ’s Review : John Turci - Escobar ( The University of Texas at Austin ) Review - essay of Kacey Link and Kristin Wendland , Tracing Tangueros : Argentine Tango Instrumental Music ( Oxford , 2016 )
John Turci -Escobar ( The University of Texas at Austin ) Review - essay of Kacey Link and Kristin Wendland , ( Oxford , 2016 ) Essay : Nathan John Martin ( University of Michigan ) History for Theorists
Volume 25 , Number 2 , July 2019
Article : Sean Atkinson ( Texas Christian University ) Soaring Through the Sky : Topics and Tropes in Video Game Music
Sean Atkinson ( Texas Christian University ) Soaring Through the Sky : Topics and Tropes in Video Game Music Article : Chelsea Burns ( University of Texas at Austin ) “ Together Again , ” but We Keep On Crying : Buck Owens , Tom Brumley , and the Pedal Steel Guitar , 1964
Chelsea Burns ( University of Texas at Austin ) “ Together Again , ” but We Keep On Crying : Buck Owens , Tom Brumley , and the Pedal Steel Guitar , 1964 Article : Richard Plotkin ( University at Buffalo ) Chord Proximity , Parsimony , and Analysis with Filtered Point - Symmetry
Richard Plotkin ( University at Buffalo ) Chord Proximity , Parsimony , and Analysis with Filtered Point - Symmetry Article : Sean R. Smither ( Rutgers University ) Guide - Tone Space : Navigating Voice - Leading Syntax in Tonal Jazz
Sean R. Smither ( Rutgers University ) Guide - Tone Space : Navigating Voice - Leading Syntax in Tonal Jazz Article : David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) Uniform Information Density in Music
David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) Uniform Information Density in Music Article : John W. Turner ( High Point University ) Performing Cultural Hybridity in Isang Yun ’s Glissées pour violoncelle seul ( 1970 )
John W. Turner ( High Point University ) Performing Cultural Hybridity in Isang Yun ’s ( 1970 ) Review : Cara Stroud ( Michigan State University ) Review of Lori Burns and Serge Lacasse , eds. , The Pop Palimpsest : Intertextuality in Recorded Popular Music ( University of Michigan Press , 2018 )
Volume 25 , Number 1 , May 2019
Article : Valentina Bertolani ( University of Calgary ) Improvisatory Exercises as Analytical Tool : The Group Dynamics of the Gruppo di Improvvisazione Nuova Consonanza
Valentina Bertolani ( University of Calgary ) Improvisatory Exercises as Analytical Tool : The Group Dynamics of the Gruppo di Improvvisazione Nuova Consonanza Article : Andrew J. Chung ( Yale University ) What is Musical Meaning ?
Theorizing Music as Performative Utterance
Andrew J. Chung ( Yale University ) What is Musical Meaning ?
Theorizing Music as Performative Utterance Article : John Link ( William Paterson University ) Harmony in Elliott Carter ’s Late Music
John Link ( William Paterson University ) Harmony in Elliott Carter ’s Late Music Article : C. Catherine Losada ( University of Cincinnati ) Middleground Structure in the Cadenza to Boulez ’s Éclat
C. Catherine Losada ( University of Cincinnati ) Middleground Structure in the Cadenza to Boulez ’s Article : David M. Pearson ( Lehman College ) Extreme Hardcore Punk and the Analytical Challenges of Rhythm , Riffs , and Timbre in Punk Music
David M. Pearson ( Lehman College ) Extreme Hardcore Punk and the Analytical Challenges of Rhythm , Riffs , and Timbre in Punk Music Article : Laurence Sinclair Willis ( McGill University ) Comprehensibility and Ben Johnston ’s String Quartet No. 9
Laurence Sinclair Willis ( McGill University ) Comprehensibility and Ben Johnston ’s String Quartet No. 9 Essay : Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) Introduction to the Symposium on Kendrick Lamar ’s To Pimp a Butterfly
Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) Introduction to the Symposium on Kendrick Lamar ’s Essay : Robin Attas ( Queen ’s University ) Music Theory as Social Justice : Pedagogical Applications of Kendrick Lamar ’s To Pimp A Butterfly
Robin Attas ( Queen ’s University ) Music Theory as Social Justice : Pedagogical Applications of Kendrick Lamar ’s Essay : Noriko Manabe ( Temple University ) We Gon’ Be Alright ?
The Ambiguities of Kendrick Lamar ’s Protest Anthem
Noriko Manabe ( Temple University ) We Gon’ Be Alright ?
The Ambiguities of Kendrick Lamar ’s Protest Anthem Essay : Mitchell M. Ohriner ( University of Denver ) Lyric , Rhythm , and Non-alignment in the Second Verse of Kendrick Lamar ’s “ Momma ”
Mitchell M. Ohriner ( University of Denver ) Lyric , Rhythm , and Non-alignment in the Second Verse of Kendrick Lamar ’s “ Momma ” Essay : John J Mattessich ( Indiana University ) This Flow Ain’t Free : Generative Elements in Kendrick Lamar ’s To Pimp a Butterfly
John J Mattessich ( Indiana University ) This Flow Ain’t Free : Generative Elements in Kendrick Lamar ’s Essay : James Bungert ( Rocky Mountain College ) “ I got a bone to pick ” : Formal Ambivalence and Double Consciousness in Kendrick Lamar ’s “ King Kunta ”
Volume 24 , Number 4 , December 2018
Article : Clément Canonne ( Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique ) Rehearsing Free Improvisation ?
An Ethnographic Study of Free Improvisers at Work
Clément Canonne ( Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique ) Rehearsing Free Improvisation ?
An Ethnographic Study of Free Improvisers at Work Article : Denis B. Collins ( The University of Queensland ) Horizontal - Shifting Counterpoint and Parallel - Section Constructions in Contrapuncti 8 and 11 from J. S. Bach ’s Art of Fugue
Denis B. Collins ( The University of Queensland ) Horizontal - Shifting Counterpoint and Parallel - Section Constructions in Contrapuncti 8 and 11 from J. S. Bach ’s Article : Edward Klorman ( McGill University ) Koch , Carpani , and Momigny : Theorists of Agency in the Classical String Quartet ?
Edward Klorman ( McGill University ) Koch , Carpani , and Momigny : Theorists of Agency in the Classical String Quartet ?
Article : Crystal A. Peebles ( Ithaca College ) Editorial Markings as Analysis in Bach ’s Partita No. 1 for Solo Violin , “ Corrente ”
Crystal A. Peebles ( Ithaca College ) Editorial Markings as Analysis in Bach’s , “ Corrente ” Article : Paul Sherrill ( University of Utah ) Susanna ’s “ Deh vieni ”
Paul Sherrill ( University of Utah ) Susanna ’s “ Deh vieni ” Article : Caitlyn Trevor and David Huron ( The Ohio State University ) Animated Performance : ‘ Better ’ Music Means Larger Motions
Caitlyn Trevor and David Huron ( The Ohio State University ) Animated Performance : ‘ Better ’ Music Means Larger Motions Article : Allison Wente ( Elon University ) Queue the Roll : Taylorized Labor Practices and Music of the Machine Age
Allison Wente ( Elon University ) Queue the Roll : Taylorized Labor Practices and Music of the Machine Age Review : Aleksandra Drozzina ( Louisiana State University ) Review of Gavin Dixon , ed. , Schnittke Studies ( Routledge , 2017 )
Aleksandra Drozzina ( Louisiana State University ) Review of Gavin Dixon , ed. , ( Routledge , 2017 ) Essay : Christophe Guillotel - Nothmann ( Institut de Recherche en Musicologie ) European Perspectives on Recent Tonal Theories , their Models , and Analytical Tools
Christophe Guillotel - Nothmann ( Institut de Recherche en Musicologie ) European Perspectives on Recent Tonal Theories , their Models , and Analytical Tools Essay : Christophe Guillotel - Nothmann ( Institut de Recherche en Musicologie ) Conditional Asymmetry and Spontaneous Asymmetry of Harmonic Progressions : The Changing Status of the Directional Tendency of Root Progressions in Madrigal Cycles from Verdelot to Monteverdi ( c. 1530 –1638 )
Christophe Guillotel - Nothmann ( Institut de Recherche en Musicologie ) Conditional Asymmetry and Spontaneous Asymmetry of Harmonic Progressions : The Changing Status of the Directional Tendency of Root Progressions in Madrigal Cycles from Verdelot to Monteverdi ( c. 1530 –1638 ) Essay : Karst de Jong ( Royal Conservatoire Den Haag and Escola Superior de Música de Catalunya ) and Thomas Noll ( Escola Superior de Música de Catalunya ) Fundamental Bass and Real Bass in Dialogue : Tonal Aspects of the Structural Modes
Karst de Jong ( Royal Conservatoire Den Haag and Escola Superior de Música de Catalunya ) and Thomas Noll ( Escola Superior de Música de Catalunya ) Fundamental Bass and Real Bass in Dialogue : Tonal Aspects of the Structural Modes Essay : Nicolas Meeùs ( Institut de Recherche en Musicologie ) Harmonic Vectors and the Constraints of Tonality
Nicolas Meeùs ( Institut de Recherche en Musicologie ) Harmonic Vectors and the Constraints of Tonality Essay : Ariane Jeßulat ( Universität der Künste Berlin ) Parsimonious Voice Leading and the Stimmführungsmodelle
Ariane Jeßulat ( Universität der Künste Berlin ) Parsimonious Voice Leading and the Essay : Hugues Seress ( Institut de Recherche en Musicologie ) Polarization , Modal Orientation , and Voice Leading : Interaction between Hierarchical Levels of Tonal Structure in Dohnányi ’s op .
26
Hugues Seress ( Institut de Recherche en Musicologie ) Polarization , Modal Orientation , and Voice Leading : Interaction between Hierarchical Levels of Tonal Structure in Dohnányi ’s op .
26 Essay : Jan Philipp Sprick ( Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg ) Sequences : Between Affirmation and Destruction of Tonality
Jan Philipp Sprick ( Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg ) Sequences : Between Affirmation and Destruction of Tonality Essay : Michael Polth ( Institut für Musikforschung Mannheim ) The Individual Tone and Musical Context in Albert Simon ’s Tonfeldtheorie
Volume 24 , Number 3 , September 2018
Article : Joshua D. Albrecht ( The University of Mary Hardin - Baylor ) Expressive Meaning and the Empirical Analysis of Musical Gesture : The Progressive Exposure Method and the Second Movement of Beethoven ’s Pathétique Sonata
Joshua D. Albrecht ( The University of Mary Hardin - Baylor ) Expressive Meaning and the Empirical Analysis of Musical Gesture : The Progressive Exposure Method and the Second Movement of Beethoven ’s Pathétique Sonata Article : Brian C. Black ( The University of Lethbridge ) Schubert ’s Development of Harmonic Motives in his Early String Quartets
Brian C. Black ( The University of Lethbridge ) Schubert ’s Development of Harmonic Motives in his Early String Quartets Article : Orit Hilewicz ( Eastman School of Music ) Reciprocal Interpretations of Music and Painting : Representation Types in Schuller , Tan , and Davies after Paul Klee
Orit Hilewicz ( Eastman School of Music ) Reciprocal Interpretations of Music and Painting : Representation Types in Schuller , Tan , and Davies after Paul Klee Article : Olivia R. Lucas ( Victoria University of Wellington ) “ So Complete in Beautiful Deformity ” : Unexpected Beginnings and Rotated Riffs in Meshuggah ’s obZen
Olivia R. Lucas ( Victoria University of Wellington ) “ So Complete in Beautiful Deformity ” : Unexpected Beginnings and Rotated Riffs in Meshuggah ’s Article : Jason D. K. Noble ( McGill University ) What Can the Temporal Structure of Auditory Perception Tell Us about Musical “ Timelessness ” ?
Jason D. K. Noble ( McGill University ) What Can the Temporal Structure of Auditory Perception Tell Us about Musical “ Timelessness ” ?
Review : Craig Comen ( University of Virginia ) Review of Daniel Chua , Beethoven & Freedom ( Oxford University Press , 2017 ) , and Naomi Waltham - Smith , Music and Belonging Between Revolution and Restoration ( Oxford University Press , 2017 )
Craig Comen ( University of Virginia ) Review of Daniel Chua , ( Oxford University Press , 2017 ) , and Naomi Waltham - Smith , ( Oxford University Press , 2017 ) Review : Benjamin K. Wadsworth ( Kennesaw State University ) Review of David Damschroder , Tonal Analysis : A Schenkerian Perspective ( W.W. Norton , 2017 )
Benjamin K. Wadsworth ( Kennesaw State University ) Review of David Damschroder , ( W.W. Norton , 2017 ) Essay : Eugene Montague ( The George Washington University ) Introduction : Agency and Musical Performance
Eugene Montague ( The George Washington University ) Introduction : Agency and Musical Performance Essay : Tami Gadir ( University of Oslo ) Understanding Agency from the Decks to the Dance Floor
Tami Gadir ( University of Oslo ) Understanding Agency from the Decks to the Dance Floor Essay : Rolfe Inge Godøy ( University of Oslo ) Motor Constraints Shaping Musical Experience
Rolfe Inge Godøy ( University of Oslo ) Motor Constraints Shaping Musical Experience Essay : Roger C. Graybill ( New England Conservatory ) Facilitative Agency in Performance
Roger C. Graybill ( New England Conservatory ) Facilitative Agency in Performance Essay : Edward Klorman ( McGill University ) Performers as Creative Agents ; or , Musicians Just Want To Have Fun
Edward Klorman ( McGill University ) Performers as Creative Agents ; or , Musicians Just Want To Have Fun Essay : Lawrence M. Zbikowski ( University of Chicago ) Performing Agency : A Response
Lawrence M. Zbikowski ( University of Chicago ) Performing Agency : A Response Report : Daphne Leong ( University of Colorado Boulder ) SMT ’s Interest Groups : A Synopsis
Daphne Leong ( University of Colorado Boulder ) SMT ’s Interest Groups : A Synopsis Report : Grant Sawatzky ( University of British Columbia ) Fifth Conference on Analytical Approaches to World Music , and Eighth Folk Music International Workshop
Volume 24 , Number 2 , June 2018
Article : Joseph R. Jakubowski ( Washington University in St. Louis ) Spectral Meter : Dramatizing Entrainment and Communicating Form in Gérard Grisey ’s Vortex Temporum I ( 1994–96 )
Joseph R. Jakubowski ( Washington University in St. Louis ) Spectral Meter : Dramatizing Entrainment and Communicating Form in Gérard Grisey ’s ( 1994–96 ) Article : Kendra Preston Leonard ( Humble , TX ) Musical Mimesis in Orphans of the Storm
Kendra Preston Leonard ( Humble , TX ) Musical Mimesis in Article : Henry Martin ( Rutgers University - Newark ) Four Studies of Charlie Parker 's Compositional Processes
Henry Martin ( Rutgers University - Newark ) Four Studies of Charlie Parker 's Compositional Processes Article : Christopher Wm. White ( University of Massachusetts , Amherst ) Feedback and Feedforward Models of Musical Key
Christopher Wm. White ( University of Massachusetts , Amherst ) Feedback and Feedforward Models of Musical Key Article : Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) Introduction : Prokofiev at 125
Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) Introduction : Prokofiev at 125 Article : Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) An Octatonic History of Prokofiev ’s Compositional Oeuvre
Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) An Octatonic History of Prokofiev ’s Compositional Oeuvre Article : Deborah Rifkin ( Ithaca College ) Visualizing Peter : The First Animated Adaptations of Prokofiev ’s Peter and the Wolf
Deborah Rifkin ( Ithaca College ) Visualizing Peter : The First Animated Adaptations of Prokofiev ’s Article : Christopher Segall ( University of Cincinnati ) Prokofiev ’s Symphony no .
2 , Yuri Kholopov , and the Theory of Twelve - Tone Chords
Christopher Segall ( University of Cincinnati ) Prokofiev ’s Symphony no .
2 , Yuri Kholopov , and the Theory of Twelve - Tone Chords Review : Nancy Murphy ( University of Houston ) Review of The Cambridge Companion to the Singer - Songwriter , ed. Katherine Williams and Justin A. Williams ( Cambridge University Press , 2016 )
Volume 24 , Number 1 , March 2018
Article : Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) Scriabin ’s Atonal Problem
Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) Scriabin ’s Atonal Problem Article : Christine Boone ( University of North Carolina Asheville ) Gendered Power Relationships in Mashups
Christine Boone ( University of North Carolina Asheville ) Gendered Power Relationships in Mashups Article : Nathan Pell ( The Graduate Center , City University of New York ) Key Profiles in Bruckner ’s Symphonic Expositions : “ Ein Potpourri von Exaltationen ” ?
Nathan Pell ( The Graduate Center , City University of New York ) Key Profiles in Bruckner ’s Symphonic Expositions : “ Ein Potpourri von Exaltationen ” ?
Article : Peter N. Schubert ( McGill University ) Thomas Campion ’s “ Chordal Counterpoint ” and Tallis ’s Famous Forty - Part Motet
Peter N. Schubert ( McGill University ) Thomas Campion ’s “ Chordal Counterpoint ” and Tallis ’s Famous Forty - Part Motet Article : Gretchen Horlacher ( Indiana University ) Stepping Out : Hearing Balanchine
Gretchen Horlacher ( Indiana University ) Stepping Out : Hearing Balanchine Article : Steven Rings ( University of Chicago ) Music ’s Stubborn Enchantments ( and Music Theory ’s )
Steven Rings ( University of Chicago ) Music ’s Stubborn Enchantments ( and Music Theory ’s ) Article : Michael Tenzer ( University of British Columbia ) Chasing the Phantom : Features of a Supracultural New Music
Michael Tenzer ( University of British Columbia ) Chasing the Phantom : Features of a Supracultural New Music Review : Michael Baker ( University of Kentucky ) Review of Eric Wen , Structurally Sound : Seven Musical Masterworks Deconstructed ( Dover Publications , 2017 )
Michael Baker ( University of Kentucky ) Review of Eric Wen , ( Dover Publications , 2017 ) Review : Trevor de Clercq ( Middle Tennessee State University ) Review of Christopher Doll , Hearing Harmony : Toward a Tonal Theory for the Rock Era ( University of Michigan Press , 2017 )
Trevor de Clercq ( Middle Tennessee State University ) Review of Christopher Doll , ( University of Michigan Press , 2017 ) Review : Don Traut ( University of Arizona ) Review of Severine Neff , Maureen Carr , and Gretchen Horlacher , eds. , with John Reef , The Rite of Spring at 100 ( Indiana University Press , 2017 )
Volume 23 , Number 4 , December 2017
Article : Drake Andersen ( The Graduate Center , CUNY ) “ What can they have to do with one another ? ” : Approaches to Analysis and Performance in John Cage ’s Four 2
Drake Andersen ( The Graduate Center , CUNY ) “ What can they have to do with one another ? ” : Approaches to Analysis and Performance in John Cage ’s Article : Ellen Bakulina ( University of North Texas ) Canons as Hypermetrical Transitions in Mozart
Ellen Bakulina ( University of North Texas ) Canons as Hypermetrical Transitions in Mozart Article : Ben Duinker ( McGill University ) and Hubert Léveillé Gauvin ( The Ohio State University ) Changing Content in Flagship Music Theory Journals , 1979 –2014
Ben Duinker ( McGill University ) and Hubert Léveillé Gauvin ( The Ohio State University ) Changing Content in Flagship Music Theory Journals , 1979 – 2014 Article : Dorottya Fabian ( University of New South Wales Australia ) Analyzing Difference in Recordings of Bach ’s Violin Solos with a Lead from Gilles Deleuze
Dorottya Fabian ( University of New South Wales Australia ) Analyzing Difference in Recordings of Bach ’s Violin Solos with a Lead from Gilles Deleuze Article : Matthew E. Ferrandino ( University of Kansas ) Voice Leading and Text - Music Relations in David Bowie ’s Early Songs
Matthew E. Ferrandino ( University of Kansas ) Voice Leading and Text - Music Relations in David Bowie ’s Early Songs Article : David L. Forrest ( Texas Tech University ) PL Voice Leading and the Uncanny in Pop Music
David L. Forrest ( Texas Tech University ) PL Voice Leading and the Uncanny in Pop Music Article : Thomas Johnson ( The Graduate Center , CUNY ) Tonality as Topic : Opening A World of Analysis for Early Twentieth - Century Modernist Music
Thomas Johnson ( The Graduate Center , CUNY ) Tonality as Topic : Opening A World of Analysis for Early Twentieth - Century Modernist Music Article : Robert Komaniecki ( Indiana University ) Analyzing Collaborative Flow in Rap Music
Robert Komaniecki ( Indiana University ) Analyzing Collaborative Flow in Rap Music Article : Robert L. Wells ( University of Mary Washington ) A Generalized Intervallic Approach to Metric Conflict in Liszt
Robert L. Wells ( University of Mary Washington ) A Generalized Intervallic Approach to Metric Conflict in Liszt Review : Wesley J. Bradford ( University of Louisiana at Lafayette ) Review of Yayoi Uno Everett , Reconfiguring Myth and Narrative in Contemporary Opera
Wesley J. Bradford ( University of Louisiana at Lafayette ) Review of Yayoi Uno Everett , Review : Laura Emmery ( Emory University ) Review of Laurel Parsons and Brenda Ravenscroft , eds. , Analytical Essays on Music by Women Composers : Concert Music , 1960 – 2000 ( Oxford University Press , 2016 )
Laura Emmery ( Emory University ) Review of Laurel Parsons and Brenda Ravenscroft , eds. , ( Oxford University Press , 2016 ) Review : Christoph Neidhöfer ( McGill University ) Review of Theodor W. Adorno , Kranichsteiner Vorlesungen , edited by Klaus Reichert and Michael Schwarz ( Suhrkamp , 2014 )
Christoph Neidhöfer ( McGill University ) Review of Theodor W. Adorno , , edited by Klaus Reichert and Michael Schwarz ( Suhrkamp , 2014 ) Review : Gilad Rabinovitch ( Georgia State University ) Review of Massimiliano Guido , ed. , Studies in Historical Improvisation from Cantare super Librum to Partimenti ( Ashgate , 2017 )
Volume 23 , Number 3 , September 2017
Article : Damian J. Blättler ( Rice University ) A Voicing - Based Model for Additive Harmony
Damian J. Blättler ( Rice University ) A Voicing - Based Model for Additive Harmony Article : James Bungert ( Rocky Mountain College ) A Tale of Three Schenkers : Analysis , Piano Pedagogy , and Performance of the Chopin Berceuse op .
57
James Bungert ( Rocky Mountain College ) A Tale of Three Schenkers : Analysis , Piano Pedagogy , and Performance of the Chopin Berceuse op .
57 Article : David Clarke ( University of Newcastle upon Tyne ) North Indian Classical Music and Lerdahl and Jackendoff ’s Generative Theory – a Mutual Regard
David Clarke ( University of Newcastle upon Tyne ) North Indian Classical Music and Lerdahl and Jackendoff ’s Generative Theory – a Mutual Regard Article : Trevor de Clercq ( Middle Tennessee State University ) Embracing Ambiguity in the Analysis of Form in Pop / Rock Music , 1982 –1991
Trevor de Clercq ( Middle Tennessee State University ) Embracing Ambiguity in the Analysis of Form in Pop / Rock Music , 1982 –1991 Article : Michael J. Puri ( University of Virginia ) Ravel ’s Valses nobles et sentimentales and its Models
Michael J. Puri ( University of Virginia ) Ravel ’s and its Models Article : Mark Richards ( Florida State University ) Tonal Ambiguity in Popular Music ’s Axis Progressions
Mark Richards ( Florida State University ) Tonal Ambiguity in Popular Music ’s Axis Progressions Review : Jonathan Guez ( The College of Wooster ) Review of Lorraine Byrne Bodley and Julian Horton , eds. Rethinking Schubert ( Oxford University Press , 2016 )
Jonathan Guez ( The College of Wooster ) Review of Lorraine Byrne Bodley and Julian Horton , eds . ( Oxford University Press , 2016 ) Review : Brian D. Hoffman ( Cincinnati , OH ) Review of John Franceschina , Music
Theory through Musical Theatre ( Oxford University Press , 2015 )
Brian D. Hoffman ( Cincinnati , OH ) Review of John Franceschina , ( Oxford University Press , 2015 ) Review : Samantha M. Inman ( Stephen F. Austin State University ) Review of Justin Merritt and David Castro , Comprehensive Aural Skills : A Flexible Approach to Rhythm , Melody , and Harmony ( Routledge , 2016 ) and Diane J. Urista , The Moving Body in the Aural Skills Classroom : A Eurhythmics Based Approach ( Oxford , 2016 )
Samantha M. Inman ( Stephen F. Austin State University ) Review of Justin Merritt and David Castro , ( Routledge , 2016 ) and Diane J. Urista , ( Oxford , 2016 ) Review : Jonathan T. King ( University of North Carolina - Asheville ) Review of Diane Pecknold and Kristine M. McCusker , eds. , Country Boys and Redneck Women : New Essays in Gender and Country Music ( University Press of Mississippi , 2016 )
Jonathan T. King ( University of North Carolina - Asheville ) Review of Diane Pecknold and Kristine M. McCusker , eds. , ( University Press of Mississippi , 2016 ) Review : Daphne Leong ( University of Colorado Boulder ) Review of Jeffrey Swinkin , Performative Analysis : Reimagining Music Theory for Performance ( University of Rochester Press , 2016 )
Daphne Leong ( University of Colorado Boulder ) Review of Jeffrey Swinkin , ( University of Rochester Press , 2016 ) Review : Jason Yust ( Boston University ) Review of Emmanuel Amiot , Music through Fourier Space : Discrete Fourier Transform in Music Theory ( Springer , 2016 )
Jason Yust ( Boston University ) Review of Emmanuel Amiot , ( Springer , 2016 ) Report : Jeffrey Perry ( Louisiana State University ) Conference Report : EuroMAC 9
Volume 23 , Number 2 , June 2017
Article : Matthew L. Boyle ( Indiana University ) Johann Georg Sulzer ’s “ Recitativ ” and North German Musical Aesthetics : Context , Translation , Commentary
Matthew L. Boyle ( Indiana University ) Johann Georg Sulzer ’s “ Recitativ ” and North German Musical Aesthetics : Context , Translation , Commentary Article : Mark Spicer ( City University of New York ) Fragile , Emergent , and Absent Tonics in Pop and Rock Songs
Mark Spicer ( City University of New York ) Fragile , Emergent , and Absent Tonics in Pop and Rock Songs Article : Anna Zayaruznaya ( Yale University ) Intelligibility Redux : Motets and the Modern Medieval Sound
Anna Zayaruznaya ( Yale University ) Intelligibility Redux : Motets and the Modern Medieval Sound Article : Vivian Luong ( University of Michigan ) Rethinking Music Loving
Vivian Luong ( University of Michigan ) Rethinking Music Loving Article : Marc Lafrance ( Concordia University ) and Lori Burns ( University of Ottowa ) Finding Love in Hopeless Places : Complex Relationality and Impossible Heterosexuality in Popular Music Videos by Pink and Rihanna
Marc Lafrance ( Concordia University ) and Lori Burns ( University of Ottowa ) Finding Love in Hopeless Places : Complex Relationality and Impossible Heterosexuality in Popular Music Videos by Pink and Rihanna Article : Maeve Sterbenz ( Columbia University ) Movement , Music , Feminism : An Analysis of Movement - Music Interactions and the Articulation of Masculinity in Tyler , the Creator ’s ‘ Yonkers ’ Music Video
Maeve Sterbenz ( Columbia University ) Movement , Music , Feminism : An Analysis of Movement - Music Interactions and the Articulation of Masculinity in Tyler , the Creator ’s ‘ Yonkers ’ Music Video Article : Marc E. Hannaford ( Columbia University ) Subjective ( Re) positioning in Musical Improvisation : Analyzing the Work of Five Female Improvisers
Marc E. Hannaford ( Columbia University ) Subjective ( Re) positioning in Musical Improvisation : Analyzing the Work of Five Female Improvisers Article : Rachel L. Lumsden ( Florida State University ) “ You Too Can Compose ” : Ruth Crawford ’s Mentoring of Vivian Fine
Rachel L. Lumsden ( Florida State University ) “ You Too Can Compose ” : Ruth Crawford ’s Mentoring of Vivian Fine Review : Brett Clement ( Ball State University ) Review of Brad Osborn , Everything in its Right Place : Analyzing Radiohead ( Oxford University Press , 2016 )
Brett Clement ( Ball State University ) Review of Brad Osborn , ( Oxford University Press , 2016 ) Review : Roger Graybill ( New England Conservatory ) Review of Edward Klorman , Mozart ’s Music of Friends : Social Interplay in the Chamber Works ( Cambridge University Press , 2016 )
Roger Graybill ( New England Conservatory ) Review of Edward Klorman , ( Cambridge University Press , 2016 ) Report : Nicole Biamonte ( McGill University ) Conference Report : “ A Summit of Creativity : A Celebration of the Fiftieth Anniversary of the Beatles ’ Sgt. Pepper ’s Lonely Hearts Club Band ”
Nicole Biamonte ( McGill University ) Conference Report : “ A Summit of Creativity : A Celebration of the Fiftieth Anniversary of the Beatles ’ ” Report : Gregory R. McCandless ( Appalachian State University ) Conference Report : “ Pedagogy into Practice : Teaching Music Theory in the Twenty - First Century ”
Volume 23 , Number 1 , March 2017
Article : Robert C. Cook ( University of Iowa ) Nature ’s Voice in Crumb ’s An Idyll for the Misbegotten
Robert C. Cook ( University of Iowa ) Nature ’s Voice in Crumb ’s Article : Diego Cubero ( University of North Texas ) Inwardness and Inner Melodies in Brahms ’s Piano Works
Diego Cubero ( University of North Texas ) Inwardness and Inner Melodies in Brahms ’s Piano Works Article : Michael McClimon ( Furman University ) Transformations in Tonal Jazz : ii–V Space
Michael McClimon ( Furman University ) Transformations in Tonal Jazz : ii–V Space Article : James K. Palmer ( University of British Columbia ) Humorous Script Oppositions in Classical Instrumental Music
James K. Palmer ( University of British Columbia ) Humorous Script Oppositions in Classical Instrumental Music Article : Julie Pedneault - Deslauriers ( University of Ottawa ) The French Path : Early Major - Minor
Theory from Jean Rousseau to Saint - Lambert
Julie Pedneault - Deslauriers ( University of Ottawa ) The French Path : Early Major - Minor
Theory from Jean Rousseau to Saint - Lambert Article : Chris Stover ( The New School ) Time , Territorialization , and Improvisational Spaces
Chris Stover ( The New School ) Time , Territorialization , and Improvisational Spaces Article : David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) and Iris Ren ( Utrecht University ) Mediant Mixture and “ Blue Notes ” in Rock : An Exploratory Study
David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) and Iris Ren ( Utrecht University ) Mediant Mixture and “ Blue Notes ” in Rock : An Exploratory Study Review : Stephen Blum ( CUNY Graduate Center ) Review of Kofi Agawu , The African Imagination in Music ( Oxford University Press , 2016 )
Stephen Blum ( CUNY Graduate Center ) Review of Kofi Agawu , ( Oxford University Press , 2016 ) Review : Daniel Villegas Vélez ( Rutgers University ) Review of Lawrence Kramer , The Thought of Music ( University of California Press , 2016 )
Volume 22 , Number 4 , December 2016
Article : Garreth P. Broesche ( University of Houston ) Glenn Gould , Spliced : Investigating the Filmmaking Analogy
Garreth P. Broesche ( University of Houston ) Glenn Gould , Spliced : Investigating the Filmmaking Analogy Article : Andrew J. Goldman ( Columbia University ) Improvisation as a Way of Knowing
Andrew J. Goldman ( Columbia University ) Improvisation as a Way of Knowing Article : Mark R. H. Gotham ( University of Cambridge ) and Iain A. D. Gunn ( Bangor University ) Pitch Properties of the Pedal Harp , with an Interactive Guide
Mark R. H. Gotham ( University of Cambridge ) and Iain A. D. Gunn ( Bangor University ) Pitch Properties of the Pedal Harp , with an Interactive Guide Article : Alexander Rehding ( Harvard University ) Instruments of Music Theory
Alexander Rehding ( Harvard University ) Instruments of Music Theory Article : Margaret E. Thomas ( Connecticut College ) Text and Temporality : Toward an Understanding of Rhythmic Irregularities in the Music of Tom Waits
Margaret E. Thomas ( Connecticut College ) Text and Temporality : Toward an Understanding of Rhythmic Irregularities in the Music of Tom Waits Review : Rowland Moseley ( New York , NY ) Review of Roger Mathew Grant , Beating Time & Measuring Music in the Early Modern Era ( Oxford University Press , 2014 )
Rowland Moseley ( New York , NY ) Review of Roger Mathew Grant , ( Oxford University Press , 2014 ) Review : Boyd Pomeroy ( University of Arizona ) Review of Steven Vande Moortele , Julie Pedneault - Deslauriers , and Nathan John Martin , eds .
Formal Functions in Perspective : Essays on Musical Form from Haydn to Adorno ( University of Rochester Press , 2015 )
Boyd Pomeroy ( University of Arizona ) Review of Steven Vande Moortele , Julie Pedneault - Deslauriers , and Nathan John Martin , eds .
( University of Rochester Press , 2015 ) Review : Chris Stover ( The New School ) Review of Judy Lochhead , Reconceiving Structure in Contemporary Music ( Routledge , 2015 )
Volume 22 , Number 3 , September 2016
Article : Kyle Adams ( Indiana University ) Playing with Beats and Playing with Cats : Meow the Jewels , Remixes , and Reinterpretations
Kyle Adams ( Indiana University ) Playing with Beats and Playing with Cats : , Remixes , and Reinterpretations Article : Janet Bourne ( Bates College ) Perceiving Irony in Music : The Problem in Beethoven ’s String Quartets
Janet Bourne ( Bates College ) Perceiving Irony in Music : The Problem in Beethoven ’s String Quartets Article : Trevor de Clercq ( Middle Tennessee State University ) Measuring a Measure : Absolute Time as a Factor for Determining Bar Lengths and Meter in Pop / Rock Music
Trevor de Clercq ( Middle Tennessee State University ) Measuring a Measure : Absolute Time as a Factor for Determining Bar Lengths and Meter in Pop / Rock Music Article : Peter Kaminsky ( University of Connecticut–Storrs ) Listening to Performers ’ Writings and Recordings : An Analysis of Debussy ’s “ Colloque sentimental ”
Peter Kaminsky ( University of Connecticut–Storrs ) Listening to Performers ’ Writings and Recordings :
An Analysis of Debussy ’s “ Colloque sentimental ” Article : Lasse Laursen ( The Royal Academy of Music , Aarhus ) Orchestration Strategies in Simon Steen - Andersen ’s Double Up
Lasse Laursen ( The Royal Academy of Music , Aarhus ) Orchestration Strategies in Simon Steen - Andersen ’s Article : Scott Murphy ( University of Kansas ) Cohn ’s Platonic Model and the Regular Irregularities of Recent Popular Multimedia
Scott Murphy ( University of Kansas ) Cohn ’s Platonic Model and the Regular Irregularities of Recent Popular Multimedia Article : Benjamin Givan ( Skidmore College ) Rethinking Interaction in Jazz Improvisation
Benjamin Givan ( Skidmore College ) Rethinking Interaction in Jazz Improvisation Article : Paul Steinbeck ( Washington University in St. Louis ) Talking Back : Performer - Audience Interaction in Roscoe Mitchell ’s “ Nonaah ”
Paul Steinbeck ( Washington University in St. Louis ) Talking Back : Performer - Audience Interaction in Roscoe Mitchell ’s “ Nonaah ” Article : René Rusch ( University of Michigan ) and Keith Salley ( Shenandoah University ) Capturing the Ineffable : Three Transcriptions of a Jazz Solo by Sonny Rollins
René Rusch ( University of Michigan ) and Keith Salley ( Shenandoah University ) Capturing the Ineffable : Three Transcriptions of a Jazz Solo by Sonny Rollins Review : Mary I. Arlin ( Ithaca College ) Review of L. Poundie Burstein and Joseph N. Straus , Concise Introduction to Tonal Harmony ( W. W. Norton , 2016 )
Mary I. Arlin ( Ithaca College ) Review of L. Poundie Burstein and Joseph N. Straus , ( W. W. Norton , 2016 ) Review : Denise Von Glahn ( Florida State University ) Review of Matthew McDonald , Breaking Time ’s Arrow : Experiment and Expression in the Music of Charles Ives ( Indiana University Press , 2014 )
Volume 22 , Number 2 , June 2016
Article : Richard Cohn ( Yale University ) A Platonic Model of Funky Rhythms
Richard Cohn ( Yale University ) A Platonic Model of Funky Rhythms Article : Scott J. Hanenberg ( University of Toronto ) Rock Modulation and Narrative
Scott J. Hanenberg ( University of Toronto ) Rock Modulation and Narrative Article : Samuel Reenan ( Eastman School of Music ) and Richard Bass ( University of Connecticut ) Types and Applications of P3,0 Seventh - Chord Transformations in Late Nineteenth - Century Music
Samuel Reenan ( Eastman School of Music ) and Richard Bass ( University of Connecticut ) Types and Applications of P3,0 Seventh - Chord Transformations in Late Nineteenth - Century Music Review : Justin Lavacek ( University of North Texas ) Review of Anna Zayaruznaya , The Monstrous New Art : Divided Forms in the Late Medieval Motet ( Cambridge University Press , 2015 )
Justin Lavacek ( University of North Texas ) Review of Anna Zayaruznaya , ( Cambridge University Press , 2015 ) Review : Megan Kaes Long ( Oberlin College Conservatory of Music ) Review of Ruth I. DeFord , Tactus , Mensuration , and Rhythm in Renaissance Music ( Cambridge University Press , 2015 )
Megan Kaes Long ( Oberlin College Conservatory of Music ) Review of Ruth I. DeFord , ( Cambridge University Press , 2015 ) Review : L. Poundie Burstein ( Hunter College and the Graduate Center of the City University of New York ) Review of Carl Schachter , The Art of Tonal Analysis : Twelve Lessons in Schenkerian Theory , ed. Joseph N. Straus ( Oxford University Press , 2016 )
L. Poundie Burstein ( Hunter College and the Graduate Center of the City University of New York ) Review of Carl Schachter , , ed. Joseph N. Straus ( Oxford University Press , 2016 ) Review : David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Carl Schachter , The Art of Tonal Analysis : Twelve Lessons in Schenkerian Theory , ed. Joseph N. Straus ( Oxford University Press , 2016 )
David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Carl Schachter , , ed. Joseph N. Straus ( Oxford University Press , 2016 ) Essay : Daniel Barolsky ( Beloit College ) and Edward Klorman ( Queens College and Graduate Center , CUNY ; and The Juilliard School ) Performance and Analysis Today : New Horizons
Daniel Barolsky ( Beloit College ) and Edward Klorman ( Queens College and Graduate Center , CUNY ; and The Juilliard School ) Performance and Analysis Today : New Horizons Essay : Benjamin Binder ( Duquesne University ) Art and Science , Beauty and Truth , Performance and Analysis ?
Benjamin Binder ( Duquesne University ) Art and Science , Beauty and Truth , Performance and Analysis ?
Essay : Daphne Leong ( University of Colorado Boulder ) Analysis and Performance , or wissen , können , kennen
Daphne Leong ( University of Colorado Boulder ) Analysis Performance , or Essay : Peter Martens ( Texas Tech University ) Ways of Knowing the Body , Bodily Ways of Knowing
Peter Martens ( Texas Tech University ) Ways of Knowing the Body , Bodily Ways of Knowing Essay : Fabio Morabito ( King ’s College London ) The Score in the Performer ’s Hands : Reading Traces of the Act of Performance as a Form of Analysis ?
Fabio Morabito ( King ’s College London )
The Score in the Performer ’s Hands : Reading Traces of the Act of Performance as a Form of Analysis ?
Essay : John Rink ( University of Cambridge ) Response
John Rink ( University of Cambridge ) Response Essay : Janet Schmalfeldt ( Tufts University ) Response
Volume 22 , Number 1 , March 2016
Article : Aaron Carter - Ényì ( Ohio State University ) Contour Recursion and Auto - Segmentation
Aaron Carter - Ényì ( Ohio State University ) Contour Recursion and Auto - Segmentation Article : Kate Heidemann ( Colby College ) A System for Describing Vocal Timbre in Popular Song
Kate Heidemann ( Colby College ) A System for Describing Vocal Timbre in Popular Song Article : Mark Richards ( Florida State University ) Film Music Themes : Analysis and Corpus Study
Mark Richards ( Florida State University ) Film Music Themes : Analysis and Corpus Study Commentary : Jennifer Sterling Snodgrass ( Appalachian State University ) Integration , Diversity , and Creativity : Reflections on the “ Manifesto ” from the College Music Society
Jennifer Sterling Snodgrass ( Appalachian State University ) Integration , Diversity , and Creativity : Reflections on the “ Manifesto ” from the College Music Society Review : Robin Attas ( Elon University ) Review of Ron Moy , Authorship Roles in Popular Music : Issues and Debates ( Routledge , 2015 )
Robin Attas ( Elon University ) Review of Ron Moy , ( Routledge , 2015 ) Review : Trevor de Clercq ( Middle Tennessee State University ) Review of Ralf von Appen , André Doehring , Dietrich Helms , and Allan Moore , eds .
Song Interpretation in 21st - Century Pop Music ( Ashgate , 2015 )
Trevor de Clercq ( Middle Tennessee State University ) Review of Ralf von Appen , André Doehring , Dietrich Helms , and Allan Moore , eds .
( Ashgate , 2015 ) Review : Patrick McCreless ( Yale University ) Review of Thomas Christensen , The Work of Music Theory ( Ashgate , 2014 )
Volume 21 , Number 4 , December 2015
Article : Andrew I. Aziz ( Florida State University ) The Evolution of Chopin ’s Sonata Forms : Excavating the Second Theme Group
Andrew I. Aziz ( Florida State University ) The Evolution of Chopin ’s Sonata Forms : Excavating the Second Theme Group Article : Laurel Parsons ( North Vancouver , BC ) Dyslexia and Post - Secondary Aural Skills Instruction
Laurel Parsons ( North Vancouver , BC ) Dyslexia and Post - Secondary Aural Skills Instruction Article : Keith Salley ( Shenandoah Conservatory ) On Duration and Developing Variation : The Intersecting Ideologies of Henri Bergson and Arnold Schoenberg
Keith Salley ( Shenandoah Conservatory ) On Duration and Developing Variation : The Intersecting Ideologies of Henri Bergson and Arnold Schoenberg Article : Michael Schachter ( University of Michigan ) Structural Levels in South Indian Music
Michael Schachter ( University of Michigan ) Structural Levels in South Indian Music Article : Jason Yust ( Boston University ) Voice - Leading Transformation and Generative Theories of Tonal Structure
Jason Yust ( Boston University ) Voice - Leading Transformation and Generative Theories of Tonal Structure Review : Joe Argentino ( Memorial University of Newfoundland ) Review of Jack Boss , Schoenberg ’s Twelve - Tone Music : Symmetry and the Musical Idea ( Cambridge University Press , 2014 )
Joe Argentino ( Memorial University of Newfoundland ) Review of Jack Boss , ( Cambridge University Press , 2014 ) Review : William M. Marvin ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Markus Neuwirth and Pieter Bergé , eds. , What Is A Cadence ?
Theoretical and Analytical Perspectives on Cadences in the Classical Repertoire ( Leuven University Press , 2015 )
William M. Marvin ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Markus Neuwirth and Pieter Bergé , eds. , ( Leuven University Press , 2015 ) Review : Jan Miyake ( Oberlin College and Conservatory ) Review of Ian Bent , David Bretherton , and William Drabkin , eds .
Heinrich Schenker : Selected Correspondence ( Boydell Press , 2014 )
Jan Miyake ( Oberlin College and Conservatory ) Review of Ian Bent , David Bretherton , and William Drabkin , eds . ( Boydell Press , 2014 ) Review : JW Turner ( High Point University ) Review of Markand Thakar , Looking for the “ Harp ” Quartet : An Investigation into Musical Beauty ( University of Rochester Press , 2011 )
JW Turner ( High Point University ) Review of Markand Thakar , ( University of Rochester Press , 2011 ) Report : Joseph Kraus ( Florida State University ) Report on the Second Congress of the Russian Society for the Theory of Music
Volume 21 , Number 3 , September 2015
Article : Emmanuel Amiot ( Perpignan University ) and Gilles Baroin ( Université de Toulouse , France ) Old and New Isometries between Pc sets in the Planet - 4D Model
Emmanuel Amiot ( Perpignan University ) and Gilles Baroin ( Université de Toulouse , France ) Old and New Isometries between Pc sets in the Planet - 4D Model Article : Jack F. Boss ( University of Oregon ) “ Away with Motivic Working ? ” Not So Fast : Motivic Processes in Schoenberg ’s op . 11 , no .
3
Jack F. Boss ( University of Oregon ) “ Away with Motivic Working ? ” Not So Fast : Motivic Processes in Schoenberg ’s op . 11 , no .
3 Article : Vasili Byros ( Northwestern University ) Prelude on a Partimento : Invention in the Compositional Pedagogy of the German States in the Time of J. S. Bach
Vasili Byros ( Northwestern University ) Prelude on a Partimento : Invention in the Compositional Pedagogy of the German States in the Time of J. S. Bach Article : Michael Callahan ( Michigan State University ) Teaching and Learning Undergraduate Music Theory at the Keyboard : Challenges , Solutions , and Impacts
Michael Callahan ( Michigan State University ) Teaching and Learning Undergraduate Music Theory at the Keyboard : Challenges , Solutions , and Impacts Article : Lydia Goehr ( Columbia University ) Does it Matter Where We Begin ?
Or , On the Art of Preparation and Preluding
Lydia Goehr ( Columbia University ) Does it Matter Where We Begin ?
Or , On the Art of Preparation and Preluding Article : Alan Howard ( University of Cambridge ) Compositional Strategies in Purcell ’s Second Three - Part Fantazia
Alan Howard ( University of Cambridge ) Compositional Strategies in Purcell ’s Second Three - Part Fantazia Article : Mariusz Kozak ( Columbia University ) Listeners ’ Bodies in Music Analysis : Gestures , Motor Intentionality , and Models
Mariusz Kozak ( Columbia University ) Listeners ’ Bodies in Music Analysis : Gestures , Motor Intentionality , and Models Article : Stefan Caris Love ( University of Massachusetts Amherst ) Historical Hypermetrical Hearing : Cycles and Schemas in the String - Quartet Minuet
Stefan Caris Love ( University of Massachusetts Amherst ) Historical Hypermetrical Hearing : Cycles and Schemas in the String - Quartet Minuet Article : Andrew Pau ( Oberlin Conservatory of Music ) “ Sous le rythme de la chanson ” : Rhythm , Text , and Diegetic Performance in Nineteenth - Century French Opera
Andrew Pau ( Oberlin Conservatory of Music )
“ Sous le rythme de la chanson ” : Rhythm , Text , and Diegetic Performance in Nineteenth - Century French Opera Article : Gilad Rabinovitch ( Georgia State University ) and Johnandrew Slominski ( Eastman School of Music ) Towards a Galant Pedagogy : Partimenti and Schemata as Tools in the Pedagogy of Eighteenth - Century Style Improvisation
Gilad Rabinovitch ( Georgia State University ) and Johnandrew Slominski ( Eastman School of Music ) Towards a Galant Pedagogy : Partimenti and Schemata as Tools in the Pedagogy of Eighteenth - Century Style Improvisation Article : Hamish J. Robb ( Victoria University of Wellington ) Imagined , Supplemental Sound in Nineteenth - Century Piano Music : Towards a Fuller Understanding of Musical Embodiment
Hamish J. Robb ( Victoria University of Wellington ) Imagined , Supplemental Sound in Nineteenth - Century Piano Music : Towards a Fuller Understanding of Musical Embodiment Review : Timothy K. Chenette ( Utah State University ) Review of Ronald Woodley ( director ) , Johannes Tinctoris : Complete Theoretical Works ( http://earlymusictheory.org/Tinctoris/)
Timothy K. Chenette ( Utah State University ) Review of Ronald Woodley ( director ) , ( http://earlymusictheory.org/Tinctoris/)
Review : Akane Mori ( University of Hartford ) Review of Maureen Carr , After the Rite : Stravinsky ’s Path to Neoclassicism ( 1914 –25 ) ( Oxford , 2014 )
Akane Mori ( University of Hartford ) Review of Maureen Carr , ( Oxford , 2014 ) Review : Daphne Tan ( Indiana University ) Review of Eric Clarke , Ways of Listening : An Ecological Approach to the Perception of Musical Meaning ( Oxford University Press , 2005 ; paperback , 2011 )
Volume 21 , Number 2 , June 2015
Article : Richard Burke ( submitted by L. Poundie Burstein ) ( Hunter College and the Graduate Center , CUNY ) “ That Awkward Scale ” : Verdi , Puccini , and the Scala enigmatica
Richard Burke ( submitted by L. Poundie Burstein ) ( Hunter College and the Graduate Center , CUNY ) “ That Awkward Scale ” : Verdi , Puccini , and the Article : Gilad Cohen ( Ramapo College of New Jersey ) Expansive Form in Pink Floyd ’s “ Dogs ”
Gilad Cohen ( Ramapo College of New Jersey ) Expansive Form in Pink Floyd ’s “ Dogs ” Article : Robert Gjerdingen and Janet Bourne ( Northwestern University ) Schema Theory as a Construction Grammar
Robert Gjerdingen and Janet Bourne ( Northwestern University ) Schema Theory as a Construction Grammar Article : Mark Gotham ( University of Cambridge ) Meter Metrics : Characterizing Relationships Among ( Mixed ) Metrical Structures
Mark Gotham ( University of Cambridge ) Meter Metrics : Characterizing Relationships Among ( Mixed ) Metrical Structures Article : David J. Heetderks ( Oberlin Conservatory ) Hipster Harmony : The Hybrid Syntax of Seventh Chords in Post - Millennial Rock
David J. Heetderks ( Oberlin Conservatory ) Hipster Harmony : The Hybrid Syntax of Seventh Chords in Post - Millennial Rock Article : Wing Lau ( University of Oregon ) Composing Declamation : Notated Meter Changes in Brahms ’s Lieder
Wing Lau ( University of Oregon ) Composing Declamation : Notated Meter Changes in Brahms ’s Lieder Article : Timothy R. Mastic ( University of Oregon ) Normative Wit : Haydn ’s Recomposed Recapitulations
Timothy R. Mastic ( University of Oregon ) Normative Wit : Haydn ’s Recomposed Recapitulations Review : Daniel K. L. Chua ( University of Hong Kong ) Review of Mark Evan Bonds , Absolute Music : The History of an Idea ( Oxford , 2014 )
Daniel K. L. Chua ( University of Hong Kong ) Review of Mark Evan Bonds , ( Oxford , 2014 ) Review : John Covach ( University of Rochester ) Review of Robert Freeman , The Crisis of Classical Music in America : Lessons from the Life in the Education of Musicians ( Rowman & Littlefield , 2014 )
John Covach ( University of Rochester ) Review of Robert Freeman , ( Rowman & Littlefield , 2014 ) Review : Robert S. Hatten ( University of Texas at Austin ) Review of Matthew Riley , The Viennese Minor - Key Symphony in the Age of Haydn and Mozart ( Oxford University Press , 2014 ) .
Volume 21 , Number 1 , March 2015
Article : Brett G. Clement ( Ball State University ) Scale Systems and Large - Scale Form in the Music of Yes
Brett G. Clement ( Ball State University ) Scale Systems and Large - Scale Form in the Music of Yes Article : Philip Duker ( University of Delaware ) and Anna Gawboy ( Ohio State University ) Hacking the Music Theory Classroom : Standards - Based Grading , Just - in - Time Teaching , and the Inverted Class
Philip Duker ( University of Delaware ) and Anna Gawboy ( Ohio State University ) Hacking the Music Theory Classroom : Standards - Based Grading , Just - in - Time Teaching , and the Inverted Class Article : David B. Easley ( Oklahoma City University ) Riff Schemes , Form , and the Genre of Early American Hardcore Punk ( 1978 –83 )
David B. Easley ( Oklahoma City University ) Riff Schemes , Form , and the Genre of Early American Hardcore Punk ( 1978 –83 ) Article : Katelyn Horn and David Huron ( Ohio State University ) On the Changing Use of the Major and Minor Modes 1750 – 1900
Katelyn Horn and David Huron ( Ohio State University )
On the Changing Use of the Major and Minor Modes 1750 – 1900 Article : Matthew T. Hough ( Wagner College ) Elements of Style in Three Demo Recordings by Stevie Nicks
Matthew T. Hough ( Wagner College ) Elements of Style in Three Demo Recordings by Stevie Nicks Article : Bruce W. Quaglia ( University of Utah ) Planning for Student Variability : Universal Design for Learning in the Music Theory Classroom and Curriculum
Bruce W. Quaglia ( University of Utah ) Planning for Student Variability : Universal Design for Learning in the Music Theory Classroom and Curriculum Article : Jessica E. Stankis ( Allan Hancock College ) Maurice Ravel ’s “ Color Counterpoint ” through the Perspective of Japonisme
Jessica E. Stankis ( Allan Hancock College ) Maurice Ravel ’s “ Color Counterpoint ” through the Perspective of Japonisme Review : Hali A. Fieldman ( University of Missouri - Kansas City ) Review of Evan Jones , Matthew Shaftel , and Juan Chattah , Aural Skills in Context : A Comprehensive Approach to Sight Singing , Ear Training , Harmony , and Improvisation ( Oxford , 2014 )
Hali A. Fieldman ( University of Missouri - Kansas City ) Review of Evan Jones , Matthew Shaftel , and Juan Chattah , ( Oxford , 2014 ) Review : Landon Morrison ( McGill University ) Review of Brian Kane , Sound Unseen : Acousmatic Sound in Theory and Practice ( Oxford , 2014 )
Landon Morrison ( McGill University ) Review of Brian Kane , ( Oxford , 2014 ) Review : Keith Salley ( Shenandoah Conservatory ) Review of Joe Mulholland and Tom Hojnacki , The Berklee Book of Jazz Harmony ( Berklee Press , 2013 ) and Dariusz Terefenko , Jazz Theory : From Basic to Advanced Study ( Routledge , 2014 )
Volume 20 , Number 4 , December 2014
Article : Matthew L. BaileyShea ( Eastman School of Music ) From Me To You : Dynamic Discourse in Popular Music
Matthew L. BaileyShea ( Eastman School of Music ) From Me To You : Dynamic Discourse in Popular Music Article : Blair Johnston ( Indiana University ) Modal Idioms and Their Rhetorical Associations in Rachmaninoff ’s Works
Blair Johnston ( Indiana University ) Modal Idioms and Their Rhetorical Associations in Rachmaninoff ’s Works Article : Beate Kutschke ( University of Leipzig ) Music and Other Sign Systems
Beate Kutschke ( University of Leipzig ) Music and Other Sign Systems Article : Victoria Malawey ( Macalester College ) Strophic Modification in Songs by Amy Beach
Victoria Malawey ( Macalester College ) Strophic Modification in Songs by Amy Beach Article : Robert S. Hatten ( University of Texas at Austin ) Performing Expressive Closure in Structurally Open Contexts : Chopin ’s Prelude in A minor and the Last Two Dances of Schumann ’s Davidsbündlertänze
Robert S. Hatten ( University of Texas at Austin ) Performing Expressive Closure in Structurally Open Contexts : Chopin ’s Prelude in A minor and the Last Two Dances of Schumann ’s Article : David Kopp ( Boston University ) On Performing Chopin ’s Barcarolle
David Kopp ( Boston University ) On Performing Chopin ’s Barcarolle Article : Harald Krebs ( University of Victoria ) Treading Robert Schumann ’s New Path : Understanding Declamation in the Late Lieder through Analysis and Recomposition
Harald Krebs ( University of Victoria ) Treading Robert Schumann ’s New Path : Understanding Declamation in the Late Lieder through Analysis and Recomposition Review : Joshua Albrecht ( University of Mary Hardin - Baylor ) Review of Elizabeth Margulis , On Repeat : How Music Plays the Mind ( Oxford , 2013 )
Joshua Albrecht ( University of Mary Hardin - Baylor ) Review of Elizabeth Margulis , ( Oxford , 2013 ) Review : Dave Headlam ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Bryan R. Simms , ed. , Pro Mundo , Pro Domo : The Writings of Alban Berg ( Oxford , 2014 )
Dave Headlam ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Bryan R. Simms , ed. , ( Oxford , 2014 ) Review : Joseph Kraus ( Florida State University ) Review of David Beach , Advanced Schenkerian Analysis : Perspectives on Phrase Rhythm , Motive , and Form ( Routledge , 2012 ) , and accompanying Teacher ’s Manual ( PDF format )
Volume 20 , Number 3 , September 2014
Article : Mattias Lundberg ( Uppsala University ) “ To Let it Be Without Pretense ” : Canon , Fugue , and Imitation in Progressive Rock 1968 –1979
Mattias Lundberg ( Uppsala University ) “ To Let it Be Without Pretense ” : Canon , Fugue , and Imitation in Progressive Rock 1968 – 1979 Article : Adriana Ponce ( Illinois Wesleyan University ) Form , Diversity , and Lack of Fulfillment in the First Movement of Schumann ’s Fantasie op .
17
Adriana Ponce ( Illinois Wesleyan University ) Form , Diversity , and Lack of Fulfillment in the First Movement of Schumann ’s op .
17 Article : Jordan B. L. Smith ( Queen Mary University of London ) and Isaac Schankler ( University of Southern California ) Listening as a Creative Act : Meaningful Differences in Structural Annotations of Improvised Performances
Jordan B. L. Smith ( Queen Mary University of London ) and Isaac Schankler ( University of Southern California ) Listening as a Creative Act : Meaningful Differences in Structural Annotations of Improvised Performances Review : Henry Hope ( Madgalen College ) Review of Virtual Library of Musicology ( ViFaMusik ) , ( http://www.vifamusik.de)
Henry Hope ( Madgalen College ) Review of Virtual Library of Musicology ( ViFaMusik ) , ( http://www.vifamusik.de)
Review : René Rusch ( McGill University ) Review of Lauri Suurpää , Death in Winterreise : Musico - Poetic Associations in Schubert ’s Song Cycle ( Indiana University Press , 2014 )
René Rusch ( McGill University ) Review of Lauri Suurpää , Winterreise : ( Indiana University Press , 2014 ) Review : Anna Stephan - Robinson ( West Liberty University ) Review of Leigh Van Handel , Music Theory Skill Builder ( Oxford University Press , 2013 )
Anna Stephan - Robinson ( West Liberty University ) Review of Leigh Van Handel , ( Oxford University Press , 2013 ) Review : Lauri Suurpää ( Sibelius Academy ) Review of Heather Platt and Peter H. Smith , eds. , Expressive Intersections in Brahms : Essays in Analysis and Meaning ( Indiana University Press , 2012 )
Lauri Suurpää ( Sibelius Academy ) Review of Heather Platt and Peter H. Smith , eds. , ( Indiana University Press , 2012 ) Essay : Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) and Ellon D. Carpenter ( Arizona State University ) Introduction : Russian Theoretical Thought Rediscovered and Reevaluated
Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) and Ellon D. Carpenter ( Arizona State University ) Introduction : Russian Theoretical Thought Rediscovered and Reevaluated Essay : Ellen Bakulina ( City University of New York ) The Concept of Mutability in Russian Theory
Ellen Bakulina ( City University of New York ) The Concept of Mutability in Russian Theory Essay : Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) The Expansion of the Concept of Mode in Twentieth - Century Russian Music Theory
Inessa Bazayev ( Louisiana State University ) The Expansion of the Concept of Mode in Twentieth - Century Russian Music Theory Essay : Zachary A. Cairns ( University of Missouri - St. Louis ) A Glimpse at Iuriĭ Kholopov ’s Garmonicheskiĭ analiz
Zachary A. Cairns ( University of Missouri - St. Louis ) A Glimpse at Iuriĭ Kholopov ’s Essay : Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College ) The Parameter Complex in the Music of Sofia Gubaidulina
Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College ) The Parameter Complex in the Music of Sofia Gubaidulina Essay : Christopher Segall ( University of Cincinnati ) Sergei Taneev ’s Vertical - Shifting Counterpoint : An Introduction
Christopher Segall ( University of Cincinnati ) Sergei Taneev ’s Vertical - Shifting Counterpoint : An Introduction Essay : Daniil Zavlunov ( Stetson University )
The “ tselostny ĭ analiz ” ( holistic analysis ) of Zuckerman and Mazel
Volume 20 , Number 2 , June 2014
Article : Nicole Biamonte ( McGill University ) Formal Functions of Metric Dissonance in Rock Music
Nicole Biamonte ( McGill University ) Formal Functions of Metric Dissonance in Rock Music Article : Bryan Christian ( Duke University ) Combination - Tone Class Sets and Redefining the Role of les Couleurs in Claude Vivier ’s Bouchara
Bryan Christian ( Duke University ) Combination - Tone Class Sets and Redefining the Role of in Claude Vivier ’s Article : Massimiliano Guido and Peter Schubert ( McGill University ) Unpacking the Box in Frescobaldi ’s Ricercari of 1615
Massimiliano Guido and Peter Schubert ( McGill University ) Unpacking the Box in Frescobaldi ’s Ricercari of 1615 Article : Dora A. Hanninen ( University of Maryland ) Asking Questions / Making Music : Listening , Analysis , and Cage
Dora A. Hanninen ( University of Maryland ) Asking Questions / Making Music : Listening , Analysis , and Cage Article : Joseph N. Straus ( Graduate Center , City University of New York ) Total Voice Leading
Joseph N. Straus ( Graduate Center , City University of New York ) Total Voice Leading Article : Michael K. Trinastic ( Durham , NC ) Dissonant Harmony and “ Seed - Tones ” : Organicism in the Piano Music of Dane Rudhyar
Michael K. Trinastic ( Durham , NC ) Dissonant Harmony and “ Seed - Tones ” : Organicism in the Piano Music of Dane Rudhyar Article : Jonathan Wild ( McGill University ) Genus , Species and Mode in Vicentino ’s 31 - tone Compositional Theory
Jonathan Wild ( McGill University ) Genus , Species and Mode in Vicentino ’s 31 - tone Compositional Theory Review : David Heetderks ( Oberlin Conservatory ) Review of S. Alexander Reed , Assimilate : A Critical History of Industrial Music ( Oxford University Press , 2013 )
David Heetderks ( Oberlin Conservatory ) Review of S. Alexander Reed , ( Oxford University Press , 2013 ) Report : Edward Klorman ( Queens College , CUNY ) “ Musical Form : Mapping the Territories ” : A Conference Report
Volume 20 , Number 1 , March 2014
Article : Rainer Polak ( Cologne University of Music and Dance ) and Justin London ( Carleton College ) Timing and Meter in Mande Drumming from Mali
Rainer Polak ( Cologne University of Music and Dance ) and Justin London ( Carleton College ) Timing and Meter in Mande Drumming from Mali Article : Robert Willey ( Ball State University ) Introduction to the MTO Nancarrow Symposium
Robert Willey ( Ball State University ) Introduction to the Nancarrow Symposium Article : Helena Bugallo ( Basel , Switzerland ) Harmonic and Non-Harmonic Temporal Structures in Nancarrow ’s Study No. 47 for Player Piano
Helena Bugallo ( Basel , Switzerland ) and Temporal Structures in Nancarrow ’s Study No. 47 for Player Piano Article : Clifton Callender ( Florida State University ) Performing the Irrational : Paul Usher ’s Arrangement of Nancarrow ’s Study No. 33 , Canon 2 : \( \sqrt{2} \ )
Clifton Callender ( Florida State University ) Performing the Irrational : Paul Usher ’s Arrangement of Nancarrow ’s Study No. 33 , Canon 2 : \( \sqrt{2} \ )
Article : Dominic Murcott ( Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance ) Tomorrow ’s Music On Yesterday ’s Machines : In Search of an ‘ Authentic ’ Nancarrow Performance
Dominic Murcott ( Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance ) Tomorrow ’s Music On Yesterday ’s Machines : In Search of an ‘ Authentic ’ Nancarrow Performance Article : Julie A. Nemire ( Western Michigan University ) Convergence Points in Conlon Nancarrow ’s Tempo Canons
Julie A. Nemire ( Western Michigan University ) Convergence Points in Conlon Nancarrow ’s Tempo Canons Article : Margaret E. Thomas ( Connecticut College ) Conlon Nancarrow , “ Hot ” Jazz , and the Principle of Collective Improvisation
Margaret E. Thomas ( Connecticut College ) Conlon Nancarrow , “ Hot ” Jazz , and the Principle of Collective Improvisation Article : Robert Willey ( Ball State University ) The Editing and Arrangement of Conlon Nancarrow ’s Studies for Disklavier and Synthesizers
Robert Willey ( Ball State University ) The Editing and Arrangement of Conlon Nancarrow ’s Studies for Disklavier and Synthesizers Article : Kyle Gann ( Bard College ) Outside the Feedback Loop : A Nancarrow Keynote Address
Kyle Gann ( Bard College ) Outside the Feedback Loop : A Nancarrow Keynote Address Article : Lee Rothfarb ( University of California , Santa Barbara ) Early History
Lee Rothfarb ( University of California , Santa Barbara ) Early History Article : Eric J. Isaacson ( Indiana University ) MTO at the Leading Edge
Eric J. Isaacson ( Indiana University ) at the Leading Edge Article : Timothy Koozin ( University of Houston ) Evolving Content and Design
Timothy Koozin ( University of Houston ) Evolving Content and Design Article : Matthew Shaftel ( Florida State University ) Demographics , Analytics , and Trends : The Shifting Sands of an Online Engagement with Music Theory
Matthew Shaftel ( Florida State University ) Demographics , Analytics , and Trends : The Shifting Sands of an Online Engagement with Music Theory Article : Kris P. Shaffer ( University of Colorado - Boulder ) A Proposal for Open Peer Review
Kris P. Shaffer ( University of Colorado - Boulder ) A Proposal for Open Peer Review Review : Andrew Aziz ( Brown University ) Review of William Caplin , Analyzing Classical Form : An Approach for the Classroom ( Oxford University Press , 2013 )
Andrew Aziz ( Brown University ) Review of William Caplin , ( Oxford University Press , 2013 ) Review : Stephen C. Brown ( Northern Arizona University ) Review of Paolo Susanni and Elliott Antokoletz , Music and Twentieth - Century Tonality : Harmonic Progression Based on Modality and the Interval Cycles ( Routledge , 2012 )
Stephen C. Brown ( Northern Arizona University ) Review of Paolo Susanni and Elliott Antokoletz , ( Routledge , 2012 ) Review : Robert Willey ( Ball State University ) Review of Jürgen Hocker ; Steven Lindberg trans. , Encounters With Conlon Nancarrow ( Lexington Books , 2012 )
Volume 19 , Number 4 , December 2013
Article : Gregory J. Decker ( Bowling Green State University ) Pastorals , Passepieds , and Pendants : Interpreting Characterization Through Aria Pairs in Handel ’s Rodelinda
Gregory J. Decker ( Bowling Green State University ) Pastorals , Passepieds , and Pendants : Interpreting Characterization Through Aria Pairs in Handel ’s Article : Frank Lehman ( Tufts University ) Hollywood Cadences : Music and the Structure of Cinematic Expectation
Frank Lehman ( Tufts University ) Hollywood Cadences : Music and the Structure of Cinematic Expectation Article : Steven Rings ( University of Chicago ) A Foreign Sound to Your Ear : Bob Dylan Performs “ It ’s Alright , Ma ( I ’m Only Bleeding ) , ” 1964–2009
Steven Rings ( University of Chicago ) A Foreign Sound to Your Ear : Bob Dylan Performs “ It ’s Alright , Ma ( I ’m Only Bleeding ) , ” 1964–2009 Article : René Rusch ( McGill University ) Crossing Over with Brad Mehldau ’s Cover of Radiohead ’s “ Paranoid Android ” : The Role of Jazz Improvisation in the Transformation of an Intertext
René Rusch ( McGill University ) Crossing Over with Brad Mehldau ’s Cover of Radiohead ’s “ Paranoid Android ” : The Role of Jazz Improvisation in the Transformation of an Intertext Review : Zachary Bernstein ( City University of New York , Graduate Center ) Review of Dora Hanninen , A Theory of Music Analysis : On Segmentation and Associative Organization ( University of Rochester Press , 2012 )
Zachary Bernstein ( City University of New York , Graduate Center ) Review of Dora Hanninen , ( University of Rochester Press , 2012 ) Review : Christopher Endrinal ( Florida Gulf Coast University ) Review of Allan Moore , Song Means : Analyzing and Interpreting Recorded Popular Song ( Ashgate , 2012 )
Christopher Endrinal ( Florida Gulf Coast University ) Review of Allan Moore , ( Ashgate , 2012 ) Review : Mary Wennerstrom ( Indiana University ) Review of Matthew Bribitzer - Stull , Anthology for Analysis and Performance ( Oxford University Press , 2014 )
Mary Wennerstrom ( Indiana University ) Review of Matthew Bribitzer - Stull , ( Oxford University Press , 2014 ) Report : Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) Conference Report : Inaugural Meeting of the Russian Society for Music Theory ( OTM )
Volume 19 , Number 3 , September 2013
Article : Christine Boone ( Indiana State University ) Mashing : Toward a Typology of Recycled Music
Christine Boone ( Indiana State University ) Mashing : Toward a Typology of Recycled Music Article : Michael R. Callahan ( Michigan State University ) Sentential Lyric - Types in the Great American Songbook
Michael R. Callahan ( Michigan State University ) Sentential Lyric - Types in the Great American Songbook Article : Murray Dineen ( University of Ottawa ) Species Counterpoint with a Moveable Tenor ( SCAMET ) : Comparing Species Counterpoint and Polyphonic Music Without a Cantus Firmus
Murray Dineen ( University of Ottawa ) Species Counterpoint with a Moveable Tenor ( SCAMET ) : Comparing Species Counterpoint and Polyphonic Music Without a Article : Cristle Collins Judd ( Bowdoin College ) “ To Discourse Learnedly ” and “ Compose Beautifully ” : Thoughts on Gioseffo Zarlino , Theory , and Practice
Cristle Collins Judd ( Bowdoin College ) “ To Discourse Learnedly ” and “ Compose Beautifully ” : Thoughts on Gioseffo Zarlino , Theory , and Practice Article : Drew F. Nobile ( The University of Chicago ) Interval Permutations
Drew F. Nobile ( The University of Chicago ) Interval Permutations Article : Bryan J. Parkhurst ( University of Michigan ) Fraught with Ought : An Outline of an Expressivist Meta‐Theory
Bryan J. Parkhurst ( University of Michigan ) Fraught with Ought : An Outline of an Expressivist Meta‐Theory Review : Matt BaileyShea ( University of Rochester ) Review of Michael L. Klein and Nicholas Reyland , eds. , Music and Narrative since 1900 ( Indiana University Press , 2013 ) and Peter Kivy , Antithetical Arts : On the Ancient Quarrel between Literature and Music ( Clarendon Press , 2009 )
Matt BaileyShea ( University of Rochester ) Review of Michael L. Klein and Nicholas Reyland , eds. , ( Indiana University Press , 2013 ) and Peter Kivy , ( Clarendon Press , 2009 ) Review : Christopher Brody ( Indiana University ) Review of Matthew Dirst , Engaging Bach : The Keyboard Legacy from Marpurg to Mendelssohn ( Cambridge University Press , 2012 )
Christopher Brody ( Indiana University ) Review of Matthew Dirst , ( Cambridge University Press , 2012 ) Review : Suzannah Clark ( Harvard University ) Review of Susan Wollenberg , Schubert ’s Fingerprints : Studies in the Instrumental Works ( Ashgate , 2011 )
Suzannah Clark ( Harvard University ) Review of Susan Wollenberg , ( Ashgate , 2011 ) Review : Dmitri Tymoczko ( Princeton University ) Review of Michael Cuthbert , Music21 : a Toolkit for Computer - aided Musicology ( http://web.mit.edu/music21/)
Dmitri Tymoczko ( Princeton University ) Review of Michael Cuthbert , ( http://web.mit.edu/music21/)
Essay : John Covach ( University of Rochester ) To MOOC or Not To MOOC ?
Volume 19 , Number 2 , June 2013
Article : Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) “ On the System of Stravinsky ’s Harmony ” by Yuri Kholopov : Translation and Commentary
Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) “ On the System of Stravinsky ’s Harmony ” by Yuri Kholopov : Translation and Commentary Article : Gregory R. McCandless ( Full Sail University ) Metal as a Gradual Process : Additive Rhythmic Structures in the Music of Dream Theater
Gregory R. McCandless ( Full Sail University ) Metal as a Gradual Process : Additive Rhythmic Structures in the Music of Dream Theater Review : Mark Gotham ( University of Cambridge ) Review of Godfried Toussaint , The Geometry of Musical Rhythm : What Makes a “ Good ” Rhythm Good ?
( CRC Press , 2013 )
Mark Gotham ( University of Cambridge ) Review of Godfried Toussaint , ( CRC Press , 2013 ) Review : J. Daniel Jenkins ( University of South Carolina ) Review of Guy Capuzzo , Elliott Carter ’s What Next ? : Communication , Cooperation , and Separation ( University of Rochester Press , 2012 )
J. Daniel Jenkins ( University of South Carolina ) Review of Guy Capuzzo , What Next ? : ( University of Rochester Press , 2012 ) Review : Rebecca Leydon ( Oberlin Conservatory ) Review of Matthew Brown , Debussy Redux : The Impact of his Music on Popular Culture ( Indiana University Press , 2012 )
Rebecca Leydon ( Oberlin Conservatory ) Review of Matthew Brown , ( Indiana University Press , 2012 ) Essay : August Sheehy ( University of Chicago ) and Paul Steinbeck ( Washington University in St. Louis ) Introduction : Theorizing Improvisation ( Musically )
August Sheehy ( University of Chicago ) and Paul Steinbeck ( Washington University in St. Louis ) Introduction : Theorizing Improvisation ( Musically ) Essay : Julie E. Cumming ( McGill University ) Renaissance Improvisation and Musicology
Julie E. Cumming ( McGill University ) Renaissance Improvisation and Musicology Essay : Roger Moseley ( Cornell University ) Entextualization and the Improvised Past
Roger Moseley ( Cornell University ) Entextualization and the Improvised Past Essay : Bruno Nettl ( University of Illinois at Urbana ‐ Champaign ) Contemplating the Concept of Improvisation and Its History in Scholarship
Bruno Nettl ( University of Illinois at Urbana ‐Champaign ) Contemplating the Concept of Improvisation and Its History in Scholarship Essay : Laudan Nooshin ( City University London ) Beyond the Radif : New Forms of Improvisational Practice in Iranian Music
Laudan Nooshin ( City University London )
Beyond the : New Forms of Improvisational Practice in Iranian Music Essay : August Sheehy ( University of Chicago ) Improvisation , Analysis , and Listening Otherwise
August Sheehy ( University of Chicago ) Improvisation , Analysis , and Listening Otherwise Essay : Paul Steinbeck ( Washington University in St. Louis ) Improvisational Fictions
Paul Steinbeck ( Washington University in St. Louis ) Improvisational Fictions Essay : George E. Lewis ( Columbia University ) Critical Responses to “ Theorizing Improvisation ( Musically ) ”
George E. Lewis ( Columbia University ) Critical Responses to “ Theorizing Improvisation ( Musically ) ” Report : Daniel Barolsky ( Beloit College ) Conference Report : “ Performance Studies Network Second International Conference ”
Daniel Barolsky ( Beloit College ) Conference Report : “ Performance Studies Network Second International Conference ” Report : John Koslovsky ( Conservatorium van Amsterdam / Utrecht University ) Conference Report : “ Fifth International Schenker Symposium ”
Volume 19 , Number 1 , March 2013
Article : Joe R. Argentino ( McMaster University ) Tripartite Structures in Schoenberg ’s A Survivor from Warsaw
Joe R. Argentino ( McMaster University ) Tripartite Structures in Schoenberg ’s Article : Jessie Fillerup ( University of Richmond ) Eternity in Each Moment : Temporal Strategies in Ravel ’s “ Le Gibet ”
Jessie Fillerup ( University of Richmond ) Eternity in Each Moment : Temporal Strategies in Ravel ’s “ Le Gibet ” Article : Nathan D. Hesselink ( University of British Columbia ) Radiohead ’s “ Pyramid Song ” : Ambiguity , Rhythm , and Participation
Nathan D. Hesselink ( University of British Columbia ) Radiohead ’s “ Pyramid Song ” : Ambiguity , Rhythm , and Participation Article : Anabel Maler ( University of Chicago ) Songs for Hands : Analyzing Interactions of Sign Language and Music
Anabel Maler ( University of Chicago ) Songs for Hands : Analyzing Interactions of Sign Language and Music Article : René Rusch ( McGill University ) Beyond Homage and Critique ?
Schubert ’s Sonata in C minor , D. 958 , and Beethoven ’s Thirty - Two Variations in C minor , WoO 80
René Rusch ( McGill University ) Beyond Homage and Critique ?
Schubert ’s Sonata in C minor , D. 958 , and Beethoven ’s Thirty - Two Variations in C minor , WoO 80 Article : Peter Schubert and Marcelle Lessoil - Daelman ( McGill University ) What Modular Analysis Can Tell Us About Musical Modeling in the Renaissance
Peter Schubert and Marcelle Lessoil - Daelman ( McGill University ) What Modular Analysis Can Tell Us About Musical Modeling in the Renaissance Review : Arnie Cox ( Oberlin Conservatory of Music ) Review of Steve Larson , Musical Forces : Motion , Metaphor , and Meaning in Music ( Indiana University Press , 2012 )
Arnie Cox ( Oberlin Conservatory of Music ) Review of Steve Larson , ( Indiana University Press , 2012 ) Review : August Sheehy ( University of Chicago ) Review of Elliott Antokoletz and Marianne Wheeldon eds. , Rethinking Debussy ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
August Sheehy ( University of Chicago ) Review of Elliott Antokoletz and Marianne Wheeldon eds. , ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Review : Alan Theisen ( Mars Hill College ) Review of Brian Alegant , The Twelve - Tone Music of Luigi Dallapiccola ( University of Rochester Press , 2010 )
Volume 18 , Number 4 , December 2012
Article : Timothy K. Chenette ( University of Massachusetts Amherst ) Hearing Counterpoint Within Chromaticism : Analyzing Harmonic Relationships in Lassus ’s Prophetiae Sibyllarum
Timothy K. Chenette ( University of Massachusetts Amherst ) Hearing Counterpoint Within Chromaticism : Analyzing Harmonic Relationships in Lassus ’s Article : Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) Rethinking Octatonicism : Views from Stravinsky ’s Homeland
Philip A. Ewell ( Hunter College and CUNY Graduate Center ) Rethinking Octatonicism : Views from Stravinsky ’s Homeland Article : Yosef Goldenberg ( The Hebrew University of Jerusalem and the Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance ) The Interruption - Fill and Corollary Procedures
Yosef Goldenberg ( The Hebrew University of Jerusalem and the Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance ) The Interruption - Fill and Corollary Procedures Article : Eugene Montague ( The George Washington University ) Instrumental Gesture in Chopin ’s Étude in A - Flat Major , Op. 25 , No . 1
Eugene Montague ( The George Washington University ) Instrumental Gesture in Chopin ’s Étude in A - Flat Major , Op. 25 , No. 1 Article : Rob Schultz ( University of Massachusetts Amherst ) Tonal Pairing and the Relative - Key Paradox in the Music of Elliott Smith
Rob Schultz ( University of Massachusetts Amherst ) Tonal Pairing and the Relative - Key Paradox in the Music of Elliott Smith Article : Joseph N. Straus ( Graduate Center , City University of New York ) Three Stravinsky Analyses : Petrushka , Scene 1 ( to Rehearsal No. 8 ) ; The Rake ’s Progress , Act III , Scene 3 ( “ In a foolish dream ” ) ; Requiem Canticles , “ Exaudi ”
Joseph N. Straus ( Graduate Center , City University of New York ) Three Stravinsky Analyses : , Scene 1 ( to Rehearsal No. 8 ) ; , Act III , Scene 3 ( “ In a foolish dream ” ) ; , “ Exaudi ” Article : Benjamin K. Wadsworth ( Kennesaw State University ) Directional Tonality in Schumann ’s Early Works
Benjamin K. Wadsworth ( Kennesaw State University ) Directional Tonality in Schumann ’s Early Works Review : Chelsea Burns ( University of Chicago ) Review of Michael Tenzer and John Roeder , eds. , Analytical and Cross - Cultural Studies in World Music ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Chelsea Burns ( University of Chicago ) Review of Michael Tenzer and John Roeder , eds. , ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Review : Jonathan Kochavi ( Swarthmore College ) Review of Edward Gollin and Alexander Rehding eds. , The Oxford Handbook of Neo-Riemannian Theories ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Jonathan Kochavi ( Swarthmore College ) Review of Edward Gollin and Alexander Rehding eds. , ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Review : David Thurmaier ( Florida Gulf Coast University ) Review of Vincent P. Benitez , The Words and Music of Paul McCartney : The Solo Years ( Praeger , 2010 ) ; Ian Inglis , The Words and Music of George Harrison ( Praeger , 2010 ) ; and Ben Urish and Ken Bielen , The Words and Music of John Lennon ( Praeger , 2007 )
Volume 18 , Number 3 , September 2012
Festschrift for Steve Larson
Article : Stephen Rodgers ( University of Oregon ) and Henry Martin ( Rutgers University ) Guest Editors ’ Introduction : “ The More Questions , The Better ”
Stephen Rodgers ( University of Oregon ) and Henry Martin ( Rutgers University ) Guest Editors ’ Introduction : “ The More Questions , The Better ” Article : Matthew L. BaileyShea ( University of Rochester ) Musical Forces and Interpretation : Some Thoughts on a Measure in Mahler
Matthew L. BaileyShea ( University of Rochester ) Musical Forces and Interpretation : Some Thoughts on a Measure in Mahler Article : Robert S. Hatten ( University of Texas at Austin ) Musical Forces and Agential Energies : An Expansion of Steve Larson ’s Model
Robert S. Hatten ( University of Texas at Austin ) Musical Forces and Agential Energies : An Expansion of Steve Larson ’s Model Article : David J. Heyer ( University of Oregon ) Applying Schenkerian Theory to Mainstream Jazz : A Justification for an Orthodox Approach
David J. Heyer ( University of Oregon ) Applying Schenkerian Theory to Mainstream Jazz : A Justification for an Orthodox Approach Article : Stefan C. Love ( University of Chicago ) “ Possible Paths ” : Schemata of Phrasing and Melody in Charlie Parker ’s Blues
Stefan C. Love ( University of Chicago ) “ Possible Paths ” : Schemata of Phrasing and Melody in Charlie Parker ’s Blues Article : Henry Martin ( Rutgers University - Newark ) Charlie Parker and “ Honeysuckle Rose ” : Voice Leading , Formula , and Motive
Henry Martin ( Rutgers University - Newark ) Charlie Parker and “ Honeysuckle Rose ” : Voice Leading , Formula , and Motive Article : Mark McFarland ( Georgia State University ) Schenker and the Tonal Jazz Repertory : A Response to Martin
Mark McFarland ( Georgia State University ) Schenker and the Tonal Jazz Repertory : A Response to Martin Article : Alison Hood ( National University of Ireland Maynooth ) Ambiguity of Tonal Meaning in Chopin ’s Prelude op . 28 , no .
22
Alison Hood ( National University of Ireland Maynooth ) Ambiguity of Tonal Meaning in Chopin ’s Prelude op . 28 , no .
22 Article : Gary S. Karpinski ( University of Massachusetts Amherst ) Ambiguity : Another Listen
Gary S. Karpinski ( University of Massachusetts Amherst ) Ambiguity : Another Listen Article : Keith Waters ( University of Colorado Boulder ) Other Good Bridges : Continuity and Debussy ’s “ Reflets dans l’eau ”
Keith Waters ( University of Colorado Boulder ) Other Good Bridges : Continuity and Debussy ’s “ Reflets dans l’eau ” Article : Steve Larson ( University of Oregon ) Expressive Meaning and Musical Structure , Chapter 1 of Schenkerian Analysis : Pattern , Form , and Expressive Meaning
Steve Larson ( University of Oregon ) Expressive Meaning and Musical Structure , Chapter 1 of Review : Vasili Byros ( Northwestern University ) Review of Giorgio Sanguinetti , The Art of Partimento : History , Theory , and Practice ( Oxford University Press , 2012 )
Vasili Byros ( Northwestern University ) Review of Giorgio Sanguinetti , ( Oxford University Press , 2012 ) Review : Kristina Muxfeldt ( Indiana University ) Review of Suzannah Clark , Analyzing Schubert ( Cambridge University Press , 2011 )
Kristina Muxfeldt ( Indiana University ) Review of Suzannah Clark , ( Cambridge University Press , 2011 ) Review : Robert Peck ( Louisiana State University ) Review of Steven Rings , Tonality and Transformation ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Robert Peck ( Louisiana State University ) Review of Steven Rings , ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Review : Jason Yust ( Boston University ) Review of Richard Cohn , Audacious Euphony : Chromaticism and the Triad ’s Second Nature ( Oxford University Press , 2012 )
Volume 18 , Number 2 , June 2012
Article : David K. Blake ( SUNY - Stony Brook ) Timbre as Differentiation in Indie Music
David K. Blake ( SUNY - Stony Brook ) Timbre as Differentiation in Indie Music Article : Anna M. Gawboy ( Ohio State University ) and Justin Townsend ( Northeastern University ) Scriabin and the Possible
Anna M. Gawboy ( Ohio State University ) and Justin Townsend ( Northeastern University ) Scriabin and the Possible Article : Blair Johnston ( Indiana University ) Between Romanticism and Modernism and Postmodernism : George Crumb ’s Black Angels
Blair Johnston ( Indiana University ) Between Romanticism and Modernism and Postmodernism : George Crumb ’s Article : Rebecca Leydon ( Oberlin College ) Clean as a Whistle : Timbral Trajectories and the Modern Musical Sublime
Rebecca Leydon ( Oberlin College ) Clean as a Whistle : Timbral Trajectories and the Modern Musical Sublime Review : Kyle Fyr ( University of Northern Colorado ) Review of Timothy Johnson , John Adams ’s “ Nixon in China ” : Musical Analysis , Historical and Political Perspectives ( Ashgate , 2011 )
Kyle Fyr ( University of Northern Colorado ) Review of Timothy Johnson , ( Ashgate , 2011 ) Review : Dave Headlam ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Patricia Hall , Berg ’s “ Wozzeck ” ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Dave Headlam ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Patricia Hall , ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Review : Mariusz Kozak ( University of Chicago ) Review of Evan Jones ed. , Intimate Voices : The Twentieth Century String Quartet ( Rochester University Press , 2009 )
Mariusz Kozak ( University of Chicago ) Review of Evan Jones ed. , ( Rochester University Press , 2009 ) Review : Gordon Sly ( Michigan State University ) Review of David Damschroder , Harmony in Schubert ( Cambridge University Press , 2010 )
Gordon Sly ( Michigan State University ) Review of David Damschroder , ( Cambridge University Press , 2010 ) Report : Heather Platt ( Ball State University ) “ Brahms in the New Century ” : A Conference Report
Volume 18 , Number 1 , April 2012
Analyzing Performance
Article : Nicholas Cook ( University of Cambridge ) Introduction : Refocusing Theory
Nicholas Cook ( University of Cambridge ) Introduction : Refocusing Theory Article : Daniel Barolsky ( Beloit College ) and Peter Martens ( Texas Tech University ) Rendering the Prosaic Persuasive : Gould and the Performance of Bach ’s C-minor Prelude ( WTC I )
Daniel Barolsky ( Beloit College ) and Peter Martens ( Texas Tech University ) Rendering the Prosaic Persuasive : Gould and the Performance of Bach ’s C-minor Prelude ( WTC I ) Article : Alan Dodson ( University of British Columbia ) Solutions to the “ Great Nineteenth - Century Rhythm Problem ” in Horowitz ’s Recording of the Theme from Schumann ’s Kreisleriana , Op. 16 , No . 2
Alan Dodson ( University of British Columbia ) Solutions to the “ Great Nineteenth - Century Rhythm Problem ” in Horowitz ’s Recording of the Theme from Schumann ’s , Op. 16 , No. 2 Article : Daniel Leech - Wilkinson ( King 's College London ) Compositions , Scores , Performances , Meanings
Daniel Leech - Wilkinson ( King 's College London ) Compositions , Scores , Performances , Meanings Article : Peter Martens ( Texas Tech University ) Tactus in Performance : Constraints and Possibilities
Peter Martens ( Texas Tech University ) in Performance : Constraints and Possibilities Article : Mitchell S. Ohriner ( Shenandoah University ) Grouping Hierarchy and Trajectories of Pacing in Performances of Chopin ’s Mazurkas
Mitchell S. Ohriner ( Shenandoah University ) Grouping Hierarchy and Trajectories of Pacing in Performances of Chopin ’s Mazurkas Article : Michael Schutz and Fiona Manning ( McMaster University ) Looking Beyond the Score : The Musical Role of Percussionists ’ Ancillary Gestures
Michael Schutz and Fiona Manning ( McMaster University ) Looking Beyond the Score : The Musical Role of Percussionists ’ Ancillary Gestures Review : Gregory J. Decker ( Bowling Green State University ) Review of Andrew Davis , “ Il Trittico , ” “ Turandot , ” and Puccini ’s Late Style ( Indiana University Press , 2010 )
Gregory J. Decker ( Bowling Green State University ) Review of Andrew Davis , ( Indiana University Press , 2010 ) Review : Clare Sher Ling Eng ( Belmont University ) Review of Peter Kaminsky ed. , Unmasking Ravel : New Perspectives on the Music ( University of Rochester Press , 2011 )
Clare Sher Ling Eng ( Belmont University ) Review of Peter Kaminsky ed. , ( University of Rochester Press , 2011 ) Review : Andrew D. Robbie ( Harvard University ) Review of Brian Hulse and Nick Nesbitt eds. , Sounding the Virtual : Gilles Deleuze and the Theory and Philosophy of Music ( Ashgate , 2010 )
Andrew D. Robbie ( Harvard University ) Review of Brian Hulse and Nick Nesbitt eds. , ( Ashgate , 2010 ) Review : Chris Stover ( The New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music ) Review of Keith Waters , The Studio Recordings of the Miles Davis Quintet : 1965 –68 ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Volume 17 , Number 4 , December 2011
Article : Julian Hook ( Indiana University ) How to Perform Impossible Rhythms
Julian Hook ( Indiana University ) How to Perform Impossible Rhythms Article : Mark Sallmen ( University of Toronto ) Exploring Tetrachordal Voice - Leading Spaces Within and Around the MORRIS Constellation
Mark Sallmen ( University of Toronto ) Exploring Tetrachordal Voice - Leading Spaces Within and Around the MORRIS Constellation Article : David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) Scalar Shift in Popular Music
David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) Scalar Shift in Popular Music Review : Michael Cherlin ( University of Minnesota ) Review of Sabine Feisst , Schoenberg ’s New World : The American Years ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Michael Cherlin ( University of Minnesota ) Review of Sabine Feisst , ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Review : Thomas Christensen ( The University of Chicago ) Review of Lee Rothfarb , August Halm : A Critical and Creative Life in Music ( University of Rochester Press , 2009 )
Thomas Christensen ( The University of Chicago ) Review of Lee Rothfarb , ( University of Rochester Press , 2009 ) Review : Miguel J. Ramirez ( Clarksville , TN ) Review of Dermot Gault , The New Bruckner : Compositional Development and the Dynamics of Revision ( Ashgate , 2011 )
Miguel J. Ramirez ( Clarksville , TN ) Review of Dermot Gault , ( Ashgate , 2011 ) Review : Andrew Westerhaus ( The University of Chicago ) Review of Gretchen Horlacher , Building Blocks : Repetition and Continuity in the Music of Stravinsky ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Andrew Westerhaus ( The University of Chicago ) Review of Gretchen Horlacher , ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Essay : Karen M. Bottge ( University of Kentucky ) Reading Adorno ’s Reading of the Rachmaninov Prelude in C- sharp Minor : Metaphors of Destruction , Gestures of Power
Volume 17 , Number 3 , October 2011
Spcial Issue : ( Per ) Form in ( g ) Rock
Article : Nicole Biamonte ( McGill University ) Introduction
Nicole Biamonte ( McGill University ) Introduction Article : Jay Summach ( Yale University ) The Structure , Function , and Genesis of the Prechorus
Jay Summach ( Yale University ) The Structure , Function , and Genesis of the Prechorus Article : Christopher Doll ( Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey ) Rockin ’ Out : Expressive Modulation in Verse - Chorus Form
Christopher Doll ( Rutgers , The State University of New Jersey ) Rockin ’ Out : Expressive Modulation in Verse - Chorus Form Article : Brad Osborn ( DePauw University ) Understanding Through - Composition in Post - Rock , Math - Metal , and other Post - Millennial Rock Genres
Brad Osborn ( DePauw University ) Understanding Through - Composition in Post - Rock , Math - Metal , and other Post - Millennial Rock Genres Article : Timothy Koozin ( University of Houston ) Guitar Voicing in Pop-Rock Music : A Performance - Based Analytical Approach
Timothy Koozin ( University of Houston ) Guitar Voicing in Pop-Rock Music : A Performance - Based Analytical Approach Article : Christopher Endrinal ( University of Massachusetts , Lowell ) Burning Bridges : Defining the Interverse in the Music of U2
Christopher Endrinal ( University of Massachusetts , Lowell ) Burning Bridges : Defining the Interverse in the Music of U2 Article : Robin Attas ( University of British Columbia ) Sarah Setting the Terms : Defining Phrase in Popular Music
Robin Attas ( University of British Columbia ) Sarah Setting the Terms : Defining Phrase in Popular Music Article : Drew F. Nobile ( CUNY Graduate Center ) Form and Voice Leading in Early Beatles Songs
Drew F. Nobile ( CUNY Graduate Center ) Form and Voice Leading in Early Beatles Songs Article : Mark Spicer ( Hunter College and the Graduate Center , CUNY ) ( Per ) Form in ( g ) Rock : A Response
Mark Spicer ( Hunter College and the Graduate Center , CUNY ) ( Per ) Form in ( g ) Rock : A Response Review : Julian Hook ( Indiana University ) Review of Dmitri Tymoczko , A Geometry of Music : Harmony and Counterpoint in the Extended Common Practice ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Julian Hook ( Indiana University ) Review of Dmitri Tymoczko , ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Review : Harald Krebs ( University of Victoria ) Review of Danuta Mirka , Metric Manipulations in Haydn and Mozart : Chamber Music for Strings , 1787 –1791 ( Oxford University Press , 2009 )
Harald Krebs ( University of Victoria ) Review of Danuta Mirka , ( Oxford University Press , 2009 ) Review : Seth Monahan ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Janet Schmalfeldt :
In the Process of Becoming : Analytical and Philosophical Perspectives on Form in Early Nineteenth - Century Music ( Oxford University Press , 2011 )
Seth Monahan ( Eastman School of Music ) Review of Janet Schmalfeldt : ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ) Review : Samuel Ng ( College - Conservatory of Music , University of Cincinnati ) Review of Ryan McClelland , Brahms and the Scherzo : Studies in Musical Narrative ( Ashgate , 2010 )
Volume 17 , Number 2 , July 2011
Article : Arnie Cox ( Oberlin Conservatory of Music ) Embodying Music : Principles of the Mimetic Hypothesis
Arnie Cox ( Oberlin Conservatory of Music ) Embodying Music : Principles of the Mimetic Hypothesis Article : David J. Heetderks ( University of Michigan ) A Tonal Revolution in Fifths and Semitones : Aaron Copland ’s Quiet City
David J. Heetderks ( University of Michigan ) A Tonal Revolution in Fifths and Semitones : Aaron Copland ’s Article : Jennifer Iverson ( University of Iowa ) Creating Space : Perception and Structure in Charles Ives ’s Collages
Jennifer Iverson ( University of Iowa ) Creating Space : Perception and Structure in Charles Ives ’s Collages Article : Steven Jan ( University of Huddersfield ) Music , Memory and Memes in the Light of Calvinian Neuroscience
Steven Jan ( University of Huddersfield ) Music , Memory and Memes in the Light of Calvinian Neuroscience Article : Stanley V. Kleppinger ( University of Nebraska - Lincoln ) Copland ’s Fifths and Their Structural Role in the Sonata for Violin and Piano
Stanley V. Kleppinger ( University of Nebraska - Lincoln ) Copland ’s Fifths and Their Structural Role in the Sonata for Violin and Piano Review : Jeremy Grall ( University of Alabama at Birmingham ) Review of Charles M. Atkinson , The Critical Nexus : Tone - System , Mode , and Notation in Early Medieval Music ( Oxford University Press , 2009 )
Jeremy Grall ( University of Alabama at Birmingham ) Review of Charles M. Atkinson , ( Oxford University Press , 2009 ) Review : Justin London ( Carleton College ) Review of Yonatan Malin , Songs in Motion : Rhythm and Meter in the German Lied ( Oxford University Press , 2010 )
Justin London ( Carleton College ) Review of Yonatan Malin , ( Oxford University Press , 2010 ) Essay : Emily J. Adamowicz ( University of Western Ontario ) Subjectivity and Structure in Milton Babbitt ’s Philomel
Emily J. Adamowicz ( University of Western Ontario ) Subjectivity and Structure in Milton Babbitt ’s Essay : Zachary Bernstein ( The Graduate Center , City University of New York ) Duplicated Subdivisions in Babbitt ’s It Takes Twelve to Tango
Zachary Bernstein ( The Graduate Center , City University of New York ) Duplicated Subdivisions in Babbitt ’s Essay : Daphne Leong ( University of Colorado - Boulder ) Webs and Snares : Multiple References in Babbitt ’s Homily and Beaten Paths
Daphne Leong ( University of Colorado - Boulder ) Webs and Snares : Multiple References in Babbitt ’s and Essay : Ciro Scotto ( University of South Florida ) What Do I Hear Now , Groupwise ?
Ciro Scotto ( University of South Florida ) What Do I Hear Now , ?
Essay : Martin Kutnowski ( St. Thomas University ) How Register Tells the Story in Scriabin ’s Op. 22 , No. 2
Volume 17 , Number 1 , April 2011
Article : Sean Atkinson ( University of Texas at Arlington ) Canons , Augmentations , and Their Meaning in Two Works by Steve Reich
Sean Atkinson ( University of Texas at Arlington ) Canons , Augmentations , and Their Meaning in Two Works by Steve Reich Article : David Clampitt ( The Ohio State University ) and Thomas Noll ( Escola Superior de Musica de Catalunya ) Modes , the Height - Width Duality , and Handschin ’s Tone Character
David Clampitt ( The Ohio State University ) and Thomas Noll ( Escola Superior de Musica de Catalunya ) Modes , the Height - Width Duality , and Handschin ’s Tone Character Article : Stacey Davis ( University of Texas at San Antonio ) Stream Segregation and Perceived Syncopation : Analyzing the Rhythmic Effects of Implied Polyphony in Bach ’s Unaccompanied String Works
Stacey Davis ( University of Texas at San Antonio ) Stream Segregation and Perceived Syncopation : Analyzing the Rhythmic Effects of Implied Polyphony in Bach ’s Unaccompanied String Works Article : Melissa E. Hoag ( Oakland University ) Brahms ’s “ Great Tragic Opera ” : Melodic Drama in “ Ach , wende diesen Blick ” ( op. 57 , no .
4 )
Melissa E. Hoag ( Oakland University ) Brahms ’s “ Great Tragic Opera ” : Melodic Drama in “ Ach , wende diesen Blick ” ( op. 57 , no .
4 ) Article : Patrick McCreless ( Yale University ) Ownership , In Music and Music Theory
Patrick McCreless ( Yale University ) Ownership , In Music and Music Theory Article : Robert W. Peck ( Louisiana State University ) A GAP Tutorial for Transformational Music Theory
Robert W. Peck ( Louisiana State University ) A GAP Tutorial for Transformational Music Theory Article : Stephen Rodgers ( University of Oregon ) Thinking ( and Singing ) in Threes : Triple Hypermeter and the Songs of Fanny Hensel
Stephen Rodgers ( University of Oregon ) Thinking ( and Singing ) in Threes : Triple Hypermeter and the Songs of Fanny Hensel Article : David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) The Cadential IV in Rock
David Temperley ( Eastman School of Music ) The Cadential IV in Rock Commentary : Michael Fitzpatrick ( University of Western Ontario ) Models and Music Theory : Reconsidering David Lewin ’s Graph of the 3 - 2 Cohn Cycle
Michael Fitzpatrick ( University of Western Ontario ) Models and Music Theory : Reconsidering David Lewin’s Graph of the 3 - 2 Cohn Cycle Review : Mark Carlson ( University of California , Los Angeles ) Review of Alexandra Pierce , Deepening Musical Performance through Movement ( Indiana University Press , 2007 )
Mark Carlson ( University of California , Los Angeles ) Review of Alexandra Pierce , ( Indiana University Press , 2007 ) Review : Patrick Tuck ( University of the Cumberlands ) Review of Kent D. Cleland and Mary Dobrea - Grindahl , Developing Musicianship Through Aural Skills : A Holistic Approach to Sight - Singing and Ear - Training ( Routledge , 2010 )
Volume 16 , Number 4 , December 2010
Rhythm : Africa and Beyond
Article : James Burns ( Binghamton University ) Rhythmic Archetypes in Instrumental Music from Africa and the Diaspora
James Burns ( Binghamton University ) Rhythmic Archetypes in Instrumental Music from Africa and the Diaspora
Resistance is NOT Futile
Make your own resistors with paper and pencil
People can learn a lot about you from your Facebook profile .
By considering your favorite movies , pictures , quotes and the things other people write on your wall , it is quite easy to get a good idea of who you are as a person .
And knowing that , many of us are extremely careful about what we throw on there .
And I ’m not talking about taking down all those drunk pictures from the Jell - O wrestling tournament so you can get that job with the government you ’ve been coveting .
I ’m talking about leaving those up to show anyone and everyone who is looking that you are one cool girl who happens to enjoy wrestling in gelatin .
Your Facebook picture is especially important .
It ’s the first thing people see when they look you up , not to mention the fact that it comes up next to every wall post , Facebook message , chat , update , etc. , that you do on that damn website .
Naturally , you are going to put a lot of thought into your photo of choice .
It needs to be a good representation of who you are , be it an artist , a class clown , or any other type of person .
I spend a lot of time on Facebook ( is there a 12 - step program out there ? ! ) and I ’ve noticed that of the 500 million people using the site worldwide , there only 6 basic types of photos that people post on their profile :
[ Click on any image to start the gallery . ]
El paraguayo no irá a la cárcel pero deberá hacer trabajos comunitarios tras intentar robar en una residencia
La justicia paraguaya condenó el jueves a un payaso de cumpleaños infantiles , a actuar gratis durante dos años por haber intentado robar objetos de valor de una residencia particular .
El juez de sentencia Gustavo Amarilla dijo , en entrevista con el canal 4 de televisión de Asunción , que el condenado Carlos Cañete '' fue denunciado , detenido y enjuiciado por el presunto delito de tentativa de robo ' ' , en un caso ocurrido un año atrás .
'' Lo condenamos a dos años de pena privativa de libertad pero bajo la modalidad de ' suspensión ' , que significa que no irá a la cárcel pero deberá hacer trabajos comunitarios ' ' .
Agregó que debido ''a su oficio de payaso tendrá que actuar gratis todos los sábados en los hogares de ancianos ( geriátricos públicos ) Santo Domingo , de Asunción ; y La Victoria , en ciudad San Lorenzo ' ' , especificó .
Cañete , de 30 años , es además payaso en las jornadas de toreo en pueblos y ciudades del interior .
mma
Posted on 04 March 2009 by ShepRamsey
Megan Fox , the over - admired brunette Barbie doll from Transformers , is set to star in not one but two comic book properties .
First up is Jonah Hex , based on the popular Western comic .
Fox is in final talks to play Leila , the love interest of the title character to be played by Josh Brolin .
Brolin playing this role sounds like it could really hurt my chances of seeing him taking on a somewhat similar role as the lead in Preacher .
Damn .
John Malkovich will play the bad guy .
Second , we have a film called Fathom , based on a comic about a mermaid who is a member of a race of beings who can ” control water . ”
Whatever that means .
I have this feeling like ever since Transformers , when everybody went nuts over this girl , we keep hearing about her supposedly starring in all kinds of stuff but we ’ve never actually seen her in anything else yet .
Now we ’ve got Transformers
2 : Revenge of the Fallen and this is the first that anyone ’s seen of her since the first movie .
Is it possible she ’s a figment of Michael Bay ’s imagination ?
I ’m thinking probably .
China 's economic growth has been halved , from 12 % down to 6 % .
That 's the near - term damage the global recession has done .
But the intrinsic momentum in China 's power industry continues its long - term trend .
For investors , that means mainland energy stocks can achieve separation from financially - focused market dives .
And that 's exactly what happened on Monday , as the China Yangtze Power company stimulated broad buying in Shanghai and Shenzhen shares of local energy companies .
China Yangtze Power will buy 18 generators that are part of the Three Gorges Dam project — the biggest electricity generation project in the world — for a total of $ 15.7 billion .
Local observers say it 's part of a wide - ranging consolidation in Chinese energy companies and project participation .
That 's good news for big players and investors who have exposure to that key market .
ADR shares of Yanzhou Coal Mining ( NYSE : YZC ) soared on the day , up to nearly $ 12 per share .
Six months ago , Yanzhou shares were just above $ 4 a pop ...
YZC is up more than 150 % in the past half - year !
There is indeed always a bull market somewhere , and more often than not you can find something to be bullish on in China .
- Sam Hopkins
The body of a man believed to be homosexual has twice been dug up from a Muslim cemetery in Senegal .
The man , in his 30s , was first buried on Saturday before residents of the western town of Thies dug up his body and left it near his grave , police say .
His family then reburied him , but he was once more exhumed by people who did not want him buried there .
His body was dumped outside the family house .
Senegal outlaws homosexual acts but there is a tradition of effeminate men .
A police officer told the AFP news agency that the body was eventually buried away from the cemetery .
The state - owned Le Soleil newspaper reports that it was buried within the grounds of the family home .
" Goor - jiggen " ( men- women ) dress up as women , socialise with females and have long been tolerated in Senegal , a majority Muslim country .
However , attitudes seem to be changing .
The AFP news agency reports that local imams , as well as some newspapers and radio stations , have denounced homosexuals after an appeals court last month overturned the conviction of nine people for homosexual acts .
They had been sentenced to eight years in jail after being found guilty of " indecent conduct and unnatural acts " .
The men , who were part of an HIV / Aids group , were arrested in December at a flat in a suburb of the capital , Dakar .
In February 2008 , the editor of a magazine in Senegal received death threats after publishing pictures claiming to depict a wedding ceremony between two men .
Converter
Ableton Live 10.1 Ableton Live 9.73 Ableton Live 9.11 Ableton Live 9.03 Ableton Live 8.2 Ableton Live 7 , 8 High Quality Ableton Live 7 Acon Digital Acoustica 7.0.51 Acon Digital Acoustica 7 Adobe Audition 2019 Adobe Audition CC 2018 ( filter ) Adobe Audition CC 2018 ( no filter ) Adobe Audition 10 Adobe Audition 5.5 And CS6 Adobe Audition 3 No Pre / Post Filter Adobe Audition 3 Pre / Post Filter Adobe Audition 2 No Pre / Post Filter Adobe Audition 2 Pre / Post Filter Adobe CS6 Media Encoder Afconvert ( Normal ) Afconvert ( Bats ) AIMP 3.60 .1465 ( Quality 5 ) Amadeus Pro 2.4.2 Amadeus Pro 2.1.3 Ardour 5 Anytime 1.1 Anytime 1.0 Apple CoreAudio ( Tiger ) Apple CoreAudio ( Leopard ) Ardour 3.5.403 Audacity 2.0.3 ( Best Quality ) Audacity 2.0 ( High Quality ) Audacity 1.39 ( Best ) Audacity 1.39 ( Medium ) Audio Mastering ( ios ) Audiomove 1.2 ( Best ) AuI Converter 48x44 Pro & Free v.1.5 AuI Converter 48x44 Free v.1.2.1.0 Awave Studio 10.3 Barbabatch Bias Peak Pro 6.03 Bias Peak Pro 5.2 Bitwig 2.4.3 Bitwig 2.1.4 Bitwig 1.3.15 Brick 1.0 Cubase 10 Cubase 9.5 Cubase 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 dBPowerAmp 17 Beta dBpoweramp Music Converter 15.1 Diamond Cut Forensics 8 Audio Laboratory Digital Performer 8 & 9 Digital Performer 7 Digital Performer 6 Digital Performer 5.1 DSP - Quattro 4.2.2 DSP - Quattro 3.5.1 DSP - Quattro 2.5.1 ( Excellent ) eac3to ( SSRC ) EZ CD Audio Converter 9.1 EZ CD Audio Converter 8.3 Steep EZ CD Audio Converter 8.3 Steep Aliasing EZ CD Audio Converter 8.3 Default EZ CD Audio Converter 8.3 Default Aliasing EZ CD Audio Converter 8.0.6 Opus / Speex - Quality 5 EZ CD Audio Converter 8.0.6 Opus / Speex - Quality 10 EZ CD Audio Converter 8.0.6 SoX - High Quality EZ CD Audio Converter 8.0.6 SoX - Very High Quality EZ CD Audio Converter 2.2.1 Ferocious ReSampler - Standard Ferocious ReSampler - Minimum Phase Ferocious ReSampler - Steep ffmpeg 4.2.2 ( soxr ) ffmpeg 4.2.2 ( swr ) ffmpeg 3.4.2 ( swr ) ffmpeg 1.1.1 ( soxr ) ffmpeg 1.1.1 ( swr ) ffmpeg 0.10.4 FinalCD 0.17 ( " Goldilocks " Medium Filter ) FinalCD 0.12 -> 0.16 ( Gent le ) FinalCD 0.12 -> 0.16 ( Sharp ) Fission 2.4.1 FL
Studio 7 ( and Edison ) FL Studio 8 ( and Edison ) FL Studio 10 ( and Edison ) FL Studio 10 ( 6 Point Hermite ) FL Studio 10 ( 512 Point Sinc ) FL Studio 11 ( 512 point sync ) FL Studio 12 ( 512 point sync ) FL Studio 20.1.2.877 fooBar2000 FooDsp SSRCX Ultra FooDsp SSRCX High FooDsp SSRCX Default FooDsp SSRC 198 FooDsp SSRC 120 FooDsp SOX 198 FooDsp SOX 120 FooDsp PPHS Ultra FooDsp PPHS FooDsp Multiresampler Sinc FooDsp Multiresampler Blep FooDsp Multiresampler Blam FooDsp Medium Sinc FooDsp Fastest Sinc FooDsp Best Sinc FooDsp dBPowerAmp mode foo_dsp_resampler Frankl resample_soxr ( phase=45 v0.8 ) FScape 0.66 FScape 0.66 ( int ) Gold Wave 5.58 Gold Wave 5.18 Goodhertz SRC ( Linear Phase ) Goodhertz SRC ( Minimum Phase ) Hawksford Spectral Domain Hofa CD Burn & DDP 1.6.10 Hofa CD Burn & DDP 2.0.4 IRCAM SuperVP ( Default ) IRCAM SuperVP ( 160 dB SNR ) iZotope 64 bit SRC Steep , No Alias iZotope 64 bit SRC Intermed .
Phase iZotope RX 6 iZotope RX Adv 2 ( High Steepness ) iZotope RX Adv 2 ( Intermediate Phase ) JRiver 18 JUCE 2.0.13 ( C++ Library ) KFR 3.0.2 ( high quality preset ) Korg Audiogate 4 Korg AudioGate Lake People DAT RS 05 libfsrc ( alpha ) LMMS 1.2.1 ( SincBest1x ) LMMS 1.2.1 ( SincBest8x ) Logic 7.2.3 Logic 8 ( Leopard ) Logic 8 ( Tiger ) Logic 9 And 9.17 ( Leopard , Snow Leopard ) Logic 10.1.4 Logic X OSX Mavericks Logic Pro X 10.3.2 Lurssen Mastering Console ( 24bit ) Matlab R2014a ( resample function ) MATLAB - dsp.SampleRateConverter
MATLAB - dsp.FIRRateConverter Merging AMR Minnetonka AWE Harrison Mixbus 2.1 NHC MixPad Mytek Stereo 192SRC ( Async ) Mytek Stereo 192SRC ( Sync ) Myriad 4.4.1 Myriad 4.6.0 ( Apple ) Myriad 4.6.0 ( Zynaptic ) Native Instruments Kontakt 5.7.1 R35 Nero Wave Editor 12.0.4 ( Accurate ) Nero Wave Editor 12.0.4 ( Average ) Nero Wave Editor 12.0.4 ( Fast ) Nero Wave Editor 10 ( Accurate ) Nero Wave Editor 10 ( Save As ) Nuendo 3.0 , 4.0 and 5.0 Nykiel iSRC 1.4 Ocenaudio OpenMPT ( Blackman ) OpenMPT ( Kaiser ) OpenMPT ( Polyphase ) Pipewire ( Quality 4 ) Pipewire ( Quality 10 ) Pro Audio Converter from Mark V Apps ProTools 2019 ( bounce ) ProTools 2019 ( import ) Pro Tools 2018 Pro Tools HD 10.3.5 Pro Tools HD 7.2 Pro Tools LE 8.0.3 Pure Music 2.0.1 Pyramix 6.2.3 ( Offline and Realtime ) Pyramix 7 ( Apodizing Filter ) Pyramix 8.1.8 ( Linear Phase ) Pyramix 8.1.8 ( Minimum Phase ) Pyramix 8.1.8 ( Apodizing Filter ) Pyramix 10 QuickTime Pro 7.6.6 r8 brain Pro 2.2 ( FastLP ) r8 brain Pro 2.2 ( PreciseLP ) r8 brain Pro 2.2 ( PreciseMP ) r8 brain 2 r8 brain Free 1.9 r8 brain Free r8brain Pro Linear Phase r8 brain Pro Minimum Phase r8 brain Pro Linear Phase ( Ultra Steep ) r8 brain Pro Minimum Phase ( Ultra Steep ) Reaper 1 Reaper 2 ( " Extreme " Preset ) Reaper 2 ( " IIRx2 " Preset ) Reaper 2.55 ( " Better " Preset ) Reaper 2.55 ( " Best " Preset ) Reaper 2.55 ( " Extreme " Preset ) Reaper 3.52 Reaper 4 ( Extreme ) Reaper 4.731 ( Extreme ) Reaper 5.01 ( new Extreme preset , 768 pt sinc ) Reaper 5.51 Reaper 6 ( extreme HQ ) Propellerhead Reason 9.5 Propellerhead Reason 8.3 Propellerhead Reason 7 Propellerhead Reason 6.5 Propellerhead Reason 6 Renoise 3 ( Precise ) Renoise 3 ( Realtime ) Renoise 2.8.0 ( cubic ) Renoise 2.8.0 ( sinc ) ResampAudio ( AFsp Library ) atten=180 Sadie Sadie 6 Sample Manager 3.4.1 ( AUConverter ) Sample Manager 3.4.1 ( iZotope ) Samplitude 9 Samplitude 11 ( Ultra High 1 ) Samplitude 11 ( Ultra High 2 ) Samplitude Pro X3 SawStudio 4.9 Secret Rabbit Code 0.1.8 ( Best ) Secret Rabbit Code 0.1.3 ( Best Sinc ) Secret Rabbit Code 0.1.2 ( Best Sinc ) Secret Rabbit Code 0.1.2 ( Linear ) Secret Rabbit Code 0.1.2 ( ZOH ) Sequoia 8 ( UH - 2 ) Sequoia 9.01 ( UH - 2 ) Sequoia 10 ( UH - 2 ) Sequoia 11 ( UH - 2 ) Sequoia 12 ( UH - 2 ) Sequoia 13 ( UH - 2 ) Sequoia 14 ( UH - 2 ) SFZ Free Signalyst 2.9.1 ( Sinc ) Signalyst 2.9.1 ( MinPhase ) Signalyst 2.9.1 ( ShortPolySinc ) Signalyst ( Sinc ) Signalyst ( MinPhase ) Signalyst ( ShortPolySinc ) Simple Rate Converter SIR2 Smarc 3 Audio Ease Snapper 1.0.11 Sonar 6 Sonar 8.5 Sonar X3 Sonar 23.10 Sonic HD ( Steep ) Sonic HD ( Gentle ) Sonic HD ( Gentlest ) Soundblade 1.0 SoundForge13 SoundForge12 SoundForge 11 SoundForge 11 ( iZotope ) SoundForge 9.0 No Anti-Aliasing SoundForge 9.0 Anti-Aliasing Sound Forge Pro 1.0.23 ( Mac ) Soundhack Sound Sculptor Pro 3.1 Sound Sculptor Pro 3.0.2 Sound Sculptor Pro 3.0 SoundStudio 3.5.7 Sound Studio 4.6.4 SoX 14.4 High Quality SoX 14.4 High Quality ( Aliasing Enabled ) SoX 14.4 VHQ Linear Phase SoX 14.4 VHQ Intermediate Phase SoX 14.4 VHQ Minimum Phase Spark XL 2.8.2 SSRC SSRC High Precision StudioOne 4.6.1 Studio One 3.52 Studio One 3 - Presence XT Studio One 2.51 Studio One 2.05 Switch Sound File Converter Plus 4.43 TASCAM
Hi-res Editor 1.03 Tolvan Data XII Sopran ( Insane ) Tolvan Data XII Sopran ( Super ) Tracktion Waveform 10 ( free version ) Traktor Pro 2.6.4 Triumph 2.5.1 Goodhertz SRC ( LinPhase ) Triumph 2.5.1 Goodhertz SRC ( MinPhase ) Triumph 2.0 Twisted Wave Recorder ( ios ) Twisted Wave 1.11.3 Vegas 17 Vegas 9.0 Vegas 7.0 Waveburner 1.2 Waveburner 1.6 Wave Editor 1.4.6 ( Ultra Steep LP ) Wave Editor 1.4.6 ( Steep No Aliasing ) Wave Editor 1.4.6 ( Gentle ) Wavelab 5 Internal Wavelab 5 Resampler 192 Wavelab 6 Internal Wavelab 6 Crystal Resampler Wavelab 8.5 Crystal Resampler WaveLab 9.5.10 Build 17 NHC WavePad WavePurity Professional 7.61 WaveShop 1.0 Creative WaveStudio 7 Wavosaur 1.0.1.0 Wavosaur 1.0.3.0 Linear Wavosaur 1.0.3.0 Band Limited Weiss Saracon 1.6 Weiss SFC2 Windows 10 DS resampler Xiph.org Speex 1.2rc1 ( Quality 10 ) XiSRC 1.0.4 XRECODE 3 [ 64 - bit ]
1.77 SWR XRECODE 3 [ 64 - bit ]
1.77 SOX Zita Resampler ZSystems z - 3src
US forces support reconstruction as well as security efforts in Iraq
A US army captain has been charged with stealing nearly $ 700,000 intended for emergency reconstruction efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Michael Dung Nguyen , 28 , is accused of stealing the money and sending it back home while he was stationed in Iraq between April 2007 and February 2009 .
He allegedly spent the money on luxury cars , electronics and furniture .
He has pleaded not guilty to charges including theft of government property and money laundering .
At a district court hearing , prosecutors claimed Nguyen stole $ 690,000 ( £ 484,575 ) from the Commanders ' Emergency Response Program ( Cerp ) - a pot of money designated to local commanders in Iraq and Afghanistan for urgent relief and reconstruction needs .
They allege Nguyen , who was working as a battalion civil affairs officer in Iraq , mailed bundles of $ 100 bills back to his home in Oregon state .
When he returned he opened numerous bank accounts and deposited the money in small amounts to avoid detection , the prosecutors claim .
He is also accused of attempting to launder the cash by buying a luxury BMW car and a 2009 model Hummer truck as well as computers , electronic equipment and furniture .
US Attorney Karin Immergut said the charges indicated a " flagrant and reprehensible disregard " of US military principles .
Nguyen is due to stand trial in May .
If convicted , he could face up to 30 years in prison and a $ 500,000 fine .
The Linux top command shows the running processes within your Linux environment that consume the most system resources .
How to Run the ' top ' Command
In its basic form all you need to do to show the current processes is type the following in a Linux terminal :
Command Output
The top command runs in the foreground and continuously updates itself .
Its results show on five lines , plus the main table .
Line 1
The first line offers some basic high - level info about the system :
The time
How long the computer has been running
Number of users
Load average
The load average shows the system load time for the last 1 , 5 and 15 minutes .
Line 2
The second line summarizes the number of ongoing , concurrent tasks :
Total number of tasks
Number of running tasks
Number of sleeping tasks
Number of stopped tasks
Number of zombie tasks
Line 3
The third line summarizes CPU performance :
CPU usage as a percentage by the user
CPU usage as a percentage by system
CPU usage as a percentage by low priority processes
CPU usage as a percentage by idle processes
CPU usage as a percentage by io wait
CPU usage as a percentage by hardware interrupts
CPU usage as a percentage by software interrupts
CPU usage as a percentage by steal time
Line 4
The fourth line emphasizes memory :
Total system memory
Free memory
Memory used
Buffer cache
Line 5
The fifth line highlights available swap space and total memory inclusive of swap :
Total swap available
Total swap free
Total swap used
Available memory
Main Table
The main table lists running processes :
Process ID
User
Priority
Nice level
Virtual memory used by process
Resident memory used by a process
Shareable memory
CPU used by process as a percentage
Memory used by process as a percentage
Time process has been running
Command
Check out your distribution 's package manager for alternative versions of this utility that offer more or different functionality .
Key Switches for the ' top ' Command
Although you invoke top just by typing the name in a shell session , a few switches modify the utility 's behavior :
-h : Show the current version
: Show the current version -c :
This toggles the command column between showing command and program name
: This toggles the command column between showing command and program name -d : Specify the delay time between refreshing the screen
: Specify the delay time between refreshing the screen -o : Sorts by the named field
: Sorts by the named field -p :
Only show processes with specified process IDs
: Only show processes with specified process IDs -u :
Show only processes by the specified user
: Show only processes by the specified user - i : Do not show idle tasks
Adding Extra Columns to the Display
Press F to show the list of fields displayable in the table .
Use the arrow keys to move up and down the list of fields .
To display or hide a field on the screen , press D to toggle it .
An asterisk appear next to manually displayed fields .
Set the field to sort the table by simply by pressing the " S " key on the field you wish to sort by .
Press the enter key to commit your changes and press " Q " to quit .
Toggling Modes
Whilst running top press A to toggle between the standard display and an alternate display .
Changing Colors
Press Z to change the colors of the values within top .
Three stages change the colors :
Press either S for summary data , M for messages , H for column headings or T for task information to target that area for a color change Choose a color for that target , 0 for black , 1 for red , 2 for green , 3 for yellow , 4 for blue , 5 for magenta , 6 for cyan and 7 for white Enter to commit .
Press B to make text bold .
Change the Display While Running ' top '
While the command runs in the foreground , toggle many features on and off by pressing relevant keys .
The following table shows the key to press and the function it provides :
Namco Bandai's remake of Klonoa refreshingly stands out against many of its Wii peers , from a box art standpoint alone .
It 's shockingly understated , with little more than protagonists Klonoa and Hewpoe clearly happy to represent .
Advertisement
No attempts to re-brand Klonoa as some sort of party , no garish freak out utilizing every color in the spectrum .
Advertisement
It even drops much of the original PlayStation game 's title , whittling down Klonoa : Door To Phantomile to the simple Klonoa .
Not that the name seems to carry much weight with gamers , as I find that very few of the folks in my own circle have ever heard of the series .
Fortunately , that has n't stopped Namco from giving the package some tender loving care .
And including a free fish taco .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Even the manual is in color !
That makes Klonoa the second third - party Wii game in my library to get the full color treatment .
( The other is Zack & Wiki : Quest for Barbaros ' Treasure . )
The dual - language instruction booklet is dense with details , similarly not half - assed like other Wii game manuals .
And look !
A free fish taco !!
Advertisement
Bizarrely random ?
Maybe a touch , but when one remembers Klonoa 's penchant for " wahooing " and the " Wahoo Stomp " from Klonoa 2 , the free taco from Wahoo 's makes a little more sense .
Standing in the school playground with my son , I wonder where all the fat kids are .
There in the queue is Ismail , aged six , who is so slight of build it worries me .
Then there is Luke , who is going through a growth spurt and looks lanky , almost gaunt .
Maddie and Laura are doll - like and look like they will stay that way , emulating the ice - skating , bike - riding , dance - obsessed girls in Year 6 who are starting to look gangly even now .
None of them has the girth or ponderous rolling gait of Jazlyn Bradley - the American schoolgirl whose family tried to sue McDonald 's in 2002 for making their daughter fat .
Weaned on Happy Meals , Jazlyn ate at McDonald 's every day on the way to school - and usually on the way home as well .
Even before she reached her teens , she was overweight .
By the age of 20 , she weighed 19 stone and had the medical problems of a middle - aged woman : Type 2 diabetes , high blood pressure and raised cholesterol .
Her sisters Shakima , 18 , and Naisia , 14 , were also obese .
African - Americans raised in a run-down apartment in the Bronx , they came to symbolise the link between obesity and low socioeconomic status .
" Obesity is a disease of economics , " says Dr Ian Campbell , a Nottingham GP and medical director of the UK charity Weight Concern .
" For men , the incidence of obesity in the poorest parts of the population is about 28 % , while in the most affluent parts it is 18 % .
There is a huge differential . "
That is how most people view obesity .
It is a " Them and Us " condition - Them being the unemployed , economically depressed whose budget stretches only to cheap white bread and a 99 p burger with fries ;
Us being the more affluent , educated but time - poor middle class who feed our children well enough , given the constraints of work , shopping for food - and microwaving it .
As we smugly put out our single Brabantia bin liner for the refuse truck ( the rest of our food waste is in the wormery ) , we marvel at the detritus of pizza boxes , chip wrappers and KFC Bargain Buckets spilling from the eight bulging Somerfield bags in the garden of the council flat next door .
Their children are n't as obese as Jazlyn Bradley , but wait until they are teenagers .
Our son was weaned on organic spinach purée , not Turkey Twizzlers - and he has been to McDonald 's only once , with his nursery .
His burger made him sick , which is why he is pretty much vegetarian .
It 's true , we do n't always cook from scratch using fresh ingredients ( how many working families do ? ) but I 've yet to see a child grow fat on Jamie Oliver 's pasta sauce or a carton of plum tomato and mascarpone soup from the New Covent Garden Food Company .
As a result of such prejudices , fewer than half of parents with an overweight child identify it as such , Dr Campbell says .
" Because obesity is associated with - and I hate the term - working - class dietary habits , a lot of middle - class people assume their child can't be obese and it is n't their problem .
They would n't take their child to McDonald 's , they restrict their children 's fizzy drinks - but the fact is there are significant numbers of middle - class children who are overweight and inactive . "
Hence the government 's £ 275 m Change4 Life campaign , aimed at tackling obesity in every section of society and launched in mid-January with TV advertisments made by Aardman Animations , creators of Morph and Wallace and Gromit .
Of that £ 275 m budget , £ 200 m was provided by food companies such as Kellogg 's and Pepsico , manufacturers of some of the least healthy foods for children .
Their initiatives focus more on sport and activity than on diet .
" We have adopted ideas from successful movements such as Make Poverty History and Comic Relief , " said public health minister Dawn Primarolo at the launch .
" We want families to engage with the campaign and understand that obesity is not someone else 's problem . "
The most striking promotion showed a group of 10 London schoolchildren standing in a playground then used " digital ageing " software to depict how they might look in 2050 if they did not adhere to strict lifestyle and eating habits .
Like the children in my son's playground , none of them was overweight to begin with , but nine of them morphed into lardy adults .
That outcome was based on statistics from a Foresight report entitled Tackling Obesities : Future Choices , which predicts that 90 % of today 's children will become obese or overweight in adulthood .
Their children , too , will fall mostly into these groups .
By 2050 , some 70 % of girls and 55 % of boys will be overweight or obese , increasing their risk of not just diabetes , heart disease and high blood pressure - but also cancer .
Last month , Sir Michael Marmot , professor of epidemiology at University College London , warned that new cases are set to increase from 10 million now to 16 million globally by 2020 , and obesity in industrialised countries plays a major part .
In Britain 13,000 cancer cases a year can be directly attributed to weight gain and obesity , and one - third of cancers are known to be caused by poor diet and lack of exercise .
What the Foresight figures and the government 's digital ageing advertisement suggests is a kind of inevitability about children getting fat - but why does a child who is rake - thin now develop into an overweight adult ?
Is n't it partly to do with genetics and metabolism : once a beanpole , always a beanpole ?
There is a genetic component , Dr Campbell agrees , but obesity is also " progressive " and therefore deceptive when you look around any primary , or even secondary , school .
" The percentage of the population that is overweight increases with age - so among two - year - olds it might be only 3 % , at 10 years old it might be 9 % , but by the time they get to 15 years old it is about 17 % .
It keeps increasing year on year .
Obesity starts in infancy - you could argue that it starts before birth .
It is a continuum . "
For girls , the turning point comes in their mid-teens , when they give up PE and netball and are " more interested in music and boys " , Dr Campbell says .
" They become overweight fairly rapidly . "
For boys , the crunch comes when they leave school and stop playing football , while both genders are vulnerable when they go to college or university , " have a bit of money in their pocket , a bit of freedom , and start to eat things their parents would have restricted " .
Clearly , exercise plays a part , but what I want to know is this : are children being led into an obese future by a diet that is simply average rather than excessive ?
If they avoid junk food but eat cereal every day ( as 87 % of UK families do - having , on average , seven packets in the house at any one time ) , take a ham sandwich and a muesli bar to school in their lunchbox , eat penne and pasta sauce on some weekdays , vegetarian sausage and mash on others and share a meal at Pizza Hut at the weekend , will they get fat - and sick ?
To find out , I scrutinised the typical diets of children I know ( see boxes ) , then went to three of the country 's top medical experts - a cardiovascular specialist , a cancer researcher and a neurologist - to have them analysed for impacts on health .
We were n't just looking at obesity , but high blood pressure , cancer and other ailments associated with diet .
Often what was left out ( oily fish , whole grains , vegetables ) was more damaging than what was put in , but the three main villains in the piece were salt , sugar and refined carbohydrates .
Of these , the most invisible but pernicious is salt .
Think of how Kellogg 's Rice Krispies taste without milk or sugar , and it will come as no surprise that a single serving contains as much salt as a packet of Walker 's ready - salted crisps .
Three servings ( 100g ) contain 1.6g of salt - half the daily intake recommended for a six - year - old .
" I have yet to see a child beyond a year old be satisfied with one portion , " Dr Campbell says .
" I 've seen it in my own children and I 've asked other people - and they often have two or three . "
Salt plays an important role in keeping body fluids balanced , transmitting messages in nerves and muscles , and enabling our cells to absorb nutrients .
However , we need only 1.4g a day - an amount we could easily get just from eating fruit and unsalted vegetables - but the UK average is 8.6g .
" The food industry has done a good job in reducing salt levels substantially , " says Graham MacGregor , professor of cardiovascular medicine at St George 's Hospital in London .
" They have come down by about 30 % in three or four years , but the food companies have not done enough and they need to do more . "
Last year the charity Consensus Action on Salt and Health ( CASH ) , which Professor MacGregor chairs , found that a single children 's meal of baked beans and a burger contains 4.2g of salt - far more than the 3g daily maximum for a six - year - old .
Vegetarian sausages and burgers ( a " healthy " alternative to fatty meat ) were found to be among the worst offenders , while a Pret a Manger All Day Breakfast sandwich ( another weekend treat ) contains as much salt as six packets of ready - salted crisps .
" Salt is a silent killer , " Professor MacGregor explains .
" When you eat more salt , you retain more fluid - an extra 1.5 kg of liquid if you go from a low - salt to a high - salt diet .
That 's sloshing around inside you and putting your blood pressure up , then , oops , you 've had your stroke or heart attack and you 're dead . "
For a child , the prospect of having a heart attack or stroke is meaningless , but the building blocks are already in place .
" Blood pressure starts rising in early childhood , " MacGregor says , " and continues throughout life - and it tracks .
The higher your blood pressure during childhood , the higher it will be when you become an adult .
If you do n't eat salt , it wo n't be nearly as high . "
One antidote is eating lots of fresh fruit and vegetables , as the government 's Five - a- Day campaign advises .
" They help lower blood pressure because of their potassium , " Professor MacGregor says - but according to Carrots or Chemistry ? , published by the Organix food company and based on detailed food diaries , fewer than one in five children meets the government target .
High blood pressure accelerates atheroma - the build - up of furry deposits in the arteries .
Due to their high - salt diet , even very young children are set on an almost inevitable course .
" In three - to four - year - old children in Britain who had died in accidents , researchers conducted post - mortems and nearly all of them had early signs of atheroma streaking , " Professor MacGregor warns .
" These children are already developing vascular disease at the age of four . "
Nevertheless , parents can do something to halt the seemingly inexorable trend .
Reducing a child 's daily salt intake by 2.5g ( by avoiding processed foods ) cuts their risk of having a stroke or heart attack by a quarter - and that risk diminishes further with every gram of salt removed .
" If you are one of those few people who cooks everything from scratch at home , who bakes their own bread , " Professor MacGregor says , " you will be on a low - salt diet anyway . "
There is also " an almost incestuous relationship " between high salt intake and obesity , he explains .
" In many studies , sweetened soft drinks have been the tipping point that makes children obese .
If you eat more salt , you get thirsty and drink more fluid , and some of that will be sweetened soft drinks .
If salt intake is halved in children , it reduces consumption by up to three drinks a week - which is a lot of calories . "
In one US study , the increased energy consumption as a result of salt intake was estimated at 278 calories a day .
An intake of 3,500 calories produces 1lb of body fat , so children on a high - salt diet would put on 1lb every 12 days unless they took more exercise to compensate .
Sweetened soft drinks are not just the obvious ones - Coke , Pepsi and 7
Up ( each with more than 13 teaspoons of sugar per 500 ml bottle , according to a Which ? report last summer ) .
A 170 ml serving of ( diluted ) orange squash contains 2 teaspoons of sugar , while the same amount of orange juice contains three - not added , but as fructose .
" If you give kids two litres of apple juice a day , " says Professor Martin Wiseman , medical and scientific adviser to the World Cancer Research Fund ( WCRF ) , " it is not much different from giving them two litres of Coke from an obesity point of view . "
The WCRF 's advice is to drink no more than one 150 ml glass of juice a day - because the sugar in it promotes obesity , identified as a leading cause of some types of cancer and singled out by Sir Michael Marmot in his warning last month .
Even fresh fruit , Professor Wiseman warns , is a highly calorific food that should be treated with caution .
" One consequence of the government 's Five - a - Day campaign is that children are eating fruit rather than vegetables to meet their target , " he says .
" If you are consuming an extra five pieces of fruit a day and changing nothing else [ such as exercise ] , it will give you more calories because fruit is very sugary .
Eating half a cabbage and some carrots wo n't . "
More controversial still are his views on processed meats - eaten on an almost daily basis by children but linked in a comprehensive 2007 study to cancer late in life .
Eating as little as 50g a day ( one sausage , or a couple of slices of ham or chorizo ) increases the risk of bowel cancer by 21 % - from a 1:18 chance over a man 's lifetime to a 1:15 chance .
For women , the figures are slightly lower - and for children , there was no available data .
" What these meats have in common is that they are cured with a salt of some kind , " Wiseman explains .
" This seems to change the chemistry of the meat so it either contains , or contains something that is turned into , nitrosamines - and nitrosamines are carcinogenic compounds . "
In its report Food , Nutrition , Physical Activity and the Prevention of Cancer , the WCRF recommended that processed meats should be eliminated from the diet completely .
" That needs further unpicking , " Wiseman says now .
" Is it bacon , ham , sausages , salami , pepperoni ?
We just do n't know .
Some of those will be harmless , some will be the ones that carry the risk - but if you eat two sausages and a ham sandwich every day from childhood onwards , for decades , it is likely to be increasing your risk of colorectal cancer . "
However , it is obesity - not chorizo - that increases the risk of cancer most convincingly .
The WCRF recommends that we all stay lean by doing 30 minutes of vigorous exercise every day , or 60 minutes of moderate activity .
If that seems a lot , it reflects just how many calories we are putting into our bodies without noticing .
In children , these come mostly from refined sugar .
" The World Health Organisation says no more than 10 % of our calories should come from refined sugar , " says Dr Alex Richardson , a research fellow at Oxford University and an expert on nutrition and the brain .
" Quite frankly , it is 33 % . "
Breakfast cereals are a major source of sugar , but some cereal bars are worse .
Jordan 's Special Muesli Bar - a " healthy " snack - contains 34.4g of sugar per 100g .
The Food Standards Agency defines a " high - sugar " food as one with more than 10g of sugar per 100g .
However , Dr Richardson 's concern is not sugar itself ( which is easy to identify by its sweetness ) but refined carbohydrates such as white bread and pasta , white rice and even mashed potato .
" If a child eats mashed potato or chips , I 'm sorry , it might as well be sugar , " she says .
" There is no fibre and there are no nutrients - unless you have left the skins on the potato .
Bread and pasta are just the same .
Unless it is wholegrain , it is a waste of time . "
Elisabeth Weichselbaum of the British Nutrition Foundation agrees .
" The big difference is the fibre content , " she says , " and fibre has been associated with a lower risk of some cancers and heart disease . "
Wholemeal bread and pasta are " a healthier package " than the white , highly processed versions eaten by children on a daily basis .
Most of the micronutrients get lost in the processing .
One of these is chromium , Dr Richardson says , " which is critical to blood - sugar regulation and the whole insulin system , linking it to the premature Type 2 diabetes that is hitting teenagers and young adults " .
Refined carbohydrates lack vitamin E , " an antioxidant extraordinaire " , says Dr Richardson , " that sits in membranes with fatty acids and makes sure your fats do n't go rancid " .
In one recent study , children were found to have " desperately low levels " of omega - 3 fatty acids compared to an adult control group , simply because their parents " pander to them " and do n't feed them any oily fish , Dr Richardson maintains .
" Most children do n't get anywhere near the 500mg a day of EPA and DHA [ the long - chain omega - 3 fatty acids found in , say , sardines ] that they need just for a healthy heart and circulation , never mind their immune systems , their joints , their mood and their attention span .
If , in early life , these oils are lacking , health problems are likely to be cumulative over time . "
It is never too late to change a child 's diet - which is the whole thrust of the current Change4 Life campaign .
If children who are slim now eat healthily and continue to exercise , they will not morph into supersized fatties .
" Any social - marketing campaign achieves a greater result by tackling those who are at risk , or mildly affected , rather than those who are a done deal , " says Dr Ian Campbell .
" You are far better to target those of normal weight , with the intention of keeping them there , than to target those who are already obese . "
In an ideal world , Professor Graham MacGregor says , intervention should come earlier : " Children need to start on a healthy diet from the day they are born .
Once they are on solid food , you need to start thinking about not giving them salt , not giving them saturated fat , giving them a more vegetarian diet .
If we did that , we could abolish cardiovascular disease . "
At current rates , 60 % of our children will suffer from heart disease in their lifetime and 40 % will die of strokes , heart attacks and heart failure .
This is everyone 's problem .
Running on empty
Salt , sugar and fat facts
Breakfast cereals
Last summer , a Which ?
report revealed that Coco Pops , Ricicles and Frosties ( all made by Kellogg 's ) are " at least one - third sugar " .
Coco Pops contain 34g per 100g - three times the amount used by the Food Standards Agency to define a " high - sugar " food .
In a 2004 survey of eating habits , a quarter of foods consumed by children were found to be more than 30 % sugar .
Rice Krispies also contain 1.6g of salt per 100g - half the daily limit for a six - year - old , earning a red light under the FSA 's traffic - light labelling scheme .
100g of Weetabix , a healthier option , contain 4.4g of sugar and 0.65g of salt .
Toast , butter and marmite
Two slices contain 2.1g of salt , two - thirds of a six - year - old 's daily maximum .
Cereal bars
Often given to children as a " healthy " alternative to sweets and biscuits , some contain more sugar than the worst breakfast cereals ( above ) .
A 2006 Which ?
survey found that Jordan 's Special Muesli Bar contained 38.9g of sugar per 100g ( about 5g more than Coco Pops ) and 12g of fat , while a Kellogg 's Fruit 'n Fibre Bar contained more sugar per bar ( 10g ) than a Penguin biscuit ( 9.7g ) and 9g of fat per 100g .
Both companies have since reduced the sugar in their bars - to 34.4g per 100g and 9g per bar , respectively .
Nuts , dried fruit and chocolate chips help pile on the calories .
Penne and pasta sauces
White pasta - like processed white bread and rice - has had most of its fibre and micronutrients removed and provides " empty calories " .
Chromium ( which helps regulate blood sugar and insulin , linked to diabetes ) and vitamin E ( an antioxidant ) are stripped out , says Dr Alex Richardson .
" White pasta still counts towards the starchy food that should be making up one - third of our diet , " says Elisabeth Weichselbaum of the British Nutrition Foundation , " but wholemeal is definitely the healthier option . "
A tomato - based sauce contains more lycopene ( which helps combat cancer ) than fresh tomatoes , but adding vegetables would make this a healthier meal .
In 2008 it emerged that Jamie Oliver 's spicy olive , garlic and tomato sauce contains 3g of salt per 100g - more than twice as much as the equivalent weight of Turkey Twizzlers , and enough to get it banned in UK primary schools .
A four - year - old eating a quarter of a jar would exceed their recommended daily intake .
On the kids ' menu
Processed meats
In 2007 , the World Cancer Research Fund suggested that processed meats ( such as ham , chorizo , salami and sausages , universally adored by children ) should be cut from the diet because of their links with cancer .
Eating just 50g a day ( a sausage , or a couple of slices of ham ) increases the risk of bowel cancer in adults by 21 % - but there is no data for children .
" If you have two sausages and a ham sandwich every day from childhood , for decades , you are probably increasing your risk of colorectal cancer , " Professor Martin Wiseman confirms .
Orange squash
" In many studies , sweetened soft drinks have been the tipping point that make children obese , " says Professor Graham MacGregor .
A 170 ml serving of ( diluted ) orange squash contains 2 tsp of sugar - which adds up if a child is drinking squash several times a day .
No Added Sugar varieties contain a small amount of " naturally occurring sugars " but also preservatives and the sweeteners aspartame and saccharin .
In her book They Are What You Feed Them ( Harper Thorsons , £ 12.99 ) , Dr Alex Richardson says some of them contain phosphates , which " cause calcium to leach from your bones " .
Apple juice
Under Food Standards
Agency guidelines , pure apple juice qualifies as a " high - sugar " drink , containing 10g of intrinsic fruit sugars per 100 ml .
Orange juice is about the same .
The World Cancer Research Fund - determined to reduce obesity , because it increases the risk of some cancers - suggests children consume no more than one 150 ml glass of juice per day .
Drinking more adds calories but confers little benefit in terms of fibre and antioxidants .
Vegetarian sausages , mashed potato
Seen as a healthy option , vegetarian sausages and burgers can be horrendously salty .
Last May , Consensus Action on Salt and Health ( Cash ) revealed that one Fry 's Vegetarian Traditional Sausage contains 2.8g of salt , the daily maximum for a six - year - old .
That is four times as much salt as Butcher 's Choice pork sausage from Sainsbury 's .
Two Quorn Leek & Pork Style Sausages contain 2g of salt .
As for the mashed potato , it " might as well be sugar " , says Dr Alex Richardson - effectively a refined carbohydrate with " no fibre and no nutrients " unless the potato skin is left on .
Too many treats ?
Pizza Hut meal
In a 2007 survey of restaurant meals , CASH found that a family of four sharing a Pizza Hut lunch ( including a medium - pan Super Supreme pizza , garlic bread , chicken wings and four desserts ) could eat 12.3g of salt each - twice the daily limit for an adult ( 6g ) and almost 2.5 times the limit for a seven- to 10 - year - old ( 5g ) .
A six - year - old could easily be eating more than four times his or her daily limit ( 3g ) .
Bread and " morning goods "
A staggering 21 % of a child 's salt intake is likely to come from bread , crumpets , croissants and bagels - which also contain refined flour , sugar and fats that can make children obese .
Less salty are tea cakes , hot cross buns and English muffins .
Biscuits , cakes and pastries account for 4 % of the salt we eat , and breakfast cereals for 5 % .
Bacon and ham are very salty , but we consume less of them : they account for 8 % of intake .
Pret a Manger All Day Breakfast sandwich
Described by Pret as " not for the faint - hearted " , this is the kind of thing a 10 - year - old might choose as a treat after Saturday - morning football .
Containing free - range egg mayo , sausage , bacon , ketchup , tomato and cress on healthy wholegrain bread , it contains as much salt as six bags of ready - salted crisps .
Dried fruit
Doled out to toddlers like sweets , dried fruit is simply fresh fruit with the water removed - a pure fruit sugar that is highly calorific .
While a fresh apricot contains 12 calories , a dried apricot packs 15 - and because dried fruit is sweeter and easier to eat , children will want loads of it .
Though high in fibre , these snacks are a poor source of vitamin C , because it is destroyed in the drying process .
• This article was amended on Thursday 9 April 2009 .
We should point out that mashed potato ( boiled potato with skin removed , with milk , butter and seasoning added ) has less fibre and fewer nutrients [ than sugar ] but it still contains vitamin A , calcium and iron ( in small quantities ) and vitamin C in quite significant quantities .
Schoolgirl Hayley Adamson was killed instantly A police officer has been jailed for causing the death of a 16 - year - old schoolgirl by dangerous driving .
Pc John Dougal , 41 , accelerated to 94mph ( 151 km / h ) in a 30 mph zone before he hit Hayley Adamson in Newcastle 's Denton Road on 19 May last year .
He was jailed for three years on Friday after earlier being convicted at Newcastle Crown Court .
Dougal was chasing a suspect car at the time , but did not have his siren or blue lights switched on .
During his trial it emerged Dougal was reacting to the automatic number plate recognition system of his Volvo patrol car , which alerted him to a passing Renault Megane .
But the device was incorrect and the Megane was being lawfully driven .
' Totally avoidable ' Dougal accelerated to catch it up and struck Miss Adamson , of Cedar Road , Fenham , when she stepped into the road .
It was estimated that the Volvo had slowed to about 70 mph when it hit the teenager .
She had been drinking alcohol , which may have affected her decision - making , but the court heard that it was difficult to judge traffic speed , especially at night .
He had no justification whatsoever to drive at such excessive speed
Gary Garland , IPCC
Dougal told the court during his trial he had not wanted to alert the Megane driver that he was being pursued by putting on his sirens .
The officer , a qualified advanced driver , was travelling so fast he had effectively become a passenger in his own car and had surrendered " to physics " , according to a police driving instructor who gave evidence during the trial .
After the trial Gary Garland , the North East Commissioner for the Independent Police Complaints Commission , said the tragedy " should have been totally avoidable " .
Pc John Dougal said he thought about Miss Adamson every day
He said : " Pc John Dougal is a highly trained police driver , yet he chose to take totally unnecessary and unacceptable risks and travel at high speed on a residential road .
" He had no justification whatsoever to drive at such excessive speed .
" Being a highly trained police driver should never be used as licence to take unnecessary risks on public roads . "
Judge Hodson also banned Dougal from driving for four years .
He said : " To the grieving family , no sentence can ever be long enough . "
He also said Dougal 's decision not to use warning lights or sirens was in breach of the Chief Constable 's guidance .
Judge Hodson added : " The tragic and inescapable fact is that when Hayley decided to cross the road , you would not have been in her vision .
" It is true you had slowed down but at the point of impact your speed was estimated as being between 68 and 72mph - she was killed instantly . "
' Genuinely remorseful '
He said he would have jailed Dougal for four years but took into account mitigating factors .
He said : " You have given conspicuous service to Northumbria Police where you have been highly regarded by senior officers and colleagues alike .
" You have now resigned from the police force with all that means for you and your family .
" I appreciate you are genuinely remorseful .
" I have heard you say yourself that you thought of what you had done to Hayley every day .
I am convinced that that is genuine . "
Speaking after the sentencing Miss Adamson 's aunt , Heather Kinlock , said justice had been done .
She said : " We now hope that Pc Dougal is aware that not only has he destroyed our family unit , but also our community .
" With this verdict we feel that justice has been done .
However , no sentence passed can compensate for our loss .
" Pc Dougal took the law into his own hands that night and left our lives shattered forever . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Torturing detainee may have produced false terror alerts Muriel Kane
Published : Friday April 24 , 2009
Print This Email This
As the nation struggles to make sense of a wave of new revelations regarding the " harsh interrogation techniques " brought to bear on detainees by the CIA , two very different narratives are shaping up to describe the treatment of captured al Qaeda member Abu Zubaydah in April and May of 2002 .
On one hand , there is what might be called the " official " version , as presented in a timeline released by the Senate Intelligence Committee and summarized by the Washington Post .
According to this version , Abu Zubaydah was subjected only to traditional interrogation methods until an August 1 memo from Justice Department lawyer Jay Bybee gave a green light for the use of waterboarding and other aggressive techniques .
On the other , there is a far more incriminating narrative that has been pieced together by various observers over the last several years .
In this version , harsher methods were being applied to Abu Zubaydah as early as mid-April , and by mid-May he had been subjected to virtually every aggressive technique short of waterboarding .
This second version appears to be supported by a number of external facts .
One is that in 2005 , the CIA destroyed all videotapes of Abu Zubaydah 's interrogation from prior to August 1 , even though taping had begun in April .
There were also two peculiar episodes of heightened security alerts in the US in April and May , which were said at the time to have been based on information obtained from Abu Zubaydah .
These vague and ultimately implausible threats gave a strong impression that Abu Zubaydah might have been inventing al Qaeda plots simply to satisfy his interrogators .
The interrogation of Abu Zubaydah All parties appear to agree that following Abu Zubaydah 's capture in Pakistan on March 28 , 2002 , CIA and FBI agents immediately began questioning him using traditional rapport - building interrogation techniques .
He quickly proved willing to discuss al Qaeda plans and philosophy in general terms and even named Khalid Sheikh Mohammed as the mastermind of 9/11 .
However , the CIA soon came to believe that Abu Zubaydah was withholding information about more specific , imminent threats , and lawyers from the CIA , the National Security Council , and the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel began discussing alternative interrogation plans .
In May , the CIA formally asked the OLC to furnish an opinion on the legality of waterboarding and other techniques derived from the the Defense Department 's Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape ( SERE ) training program .
The official version of the story insists that these alternative plans were not put into effect until after the August 1 Bybee memo had provided legal cover for harsher measures .
In contrast , alternative sources provide a wealth of information which suggests that the policy towards Abu Zubaydah had begun shifting much earlier .
According to a lengthy article published in Vanity Fair in July 2007 , by mid-April the CIA had begun implementing a plan to extract information from Abu Zubaydah by breaking down his personality .
This plan was designed by two psychologists , James Elmer Mitchell and Bruce Jensen , who had no prior experience with interrogation .
Both had come out of the military 's SERE program , which had been designed to train US personnel to resist attempts to break them if they were captured by enemies .
The SERE program was originally developed to mimic the brainwashing techniques which were used by the Chinese on captured Americans during the Korean War and which were intended to induce false confessions rather than accurate intelligence .
Former SERE trainer and military interrogator Colonel Steven Kleinman , who is quoted in the Vanity Fair article , has been speaking out widely about the " shocking " nature of the CIA decision to hire Mitchell and Jensen .
He recently told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow , " There 's a lot of people who do n't understand the difference between a model that would train people to resist harsh interrogation ... and intelligence interrogation which is designed to elicit cooperation . "
Abu Zubaydah makes himself useful According to Ron Suskind 's The One Percent Doctrine , published in 2006 , Abu Zubaydah " turned out to be mentally ill and nothing like the pivotal figure [ his captors ] supposed him to be .
... Abu Zubaydah also appeared to know nothing about terrorist operations ; rather , he was al - Qaeda 's go - to guy for minor logistics -- travel for wives and children and the like . "
Despite these limitations , the SERE - based techniques appear to have quickly turned Abu Zubaydah into a font of knowledge concerning al Qaeda 's plans and capacities -- although there were doubts as to his testimony even at the time .
On Monday , April 22 , 2002 , CNN reported that " the most senior al Qaeda leader in U.S. custody has told interrogators the terrorist organization was interested in producing a radiological weapon , or ' dirty bomb , ' and knew how to do it .
...
But the official cautioned the United States remains highly skeptical of the credibility of Zubaydah , whom government officials said also was a source for an FBI warning issued Friday that al Qaeda members discussed plans for attacking banks and other financial institutions , particularly in the northeastern United States . "
The New York Times cautioned at the same time that " officials said , Mr. Zubaydah might well be lying to interrogators either in hopes of lenient treatment or in hopes of creating panic . "
Abu Zubaydah is named ' Person of the Week '
By mid-May , Abu Zubaydah was recovering from gunshot wounds sustained when he was captured , and in response his interrogation grew even more aggressive .
According to one of the FBI agents who had initially interrogated him , the techniques being used by then amounted to " borderline torture . "
It was around this time that the second false alarm occurred .
According to the New York Times , during the weekend of May 18 - 19 , Abu Zubaydah revealed a threat to either the Brooklyn Bridge or the Statue of Liberty .
The FBI informed New York City police of this uncorroborated threat on Monday , May 20 and security was heightened as a result .
Although the FBI did not make any formal announcement of the alert , Fox News ran a report of it on Tuesday , and the Daily News revealed the next day that the threat had come from Abu Zubaydah , which earned him Time magazine 's title of Person of the Week .
Time reported , " It was a good week to be a bad guy .
The U.S. went into high alert mode , at least briefly , after warnings from the FBI that attacks from al - Qaeda or some other malevolent group could hit banks and apartment buildings .
The New York City Police Department stepped up security around bridges , tunnels and city landmarks Monday after receiving vague threats .
Vice President Dick Cheney warned further terror strikes were inevitable ; FBI director Bob Mueller said to get ready for suicide bombers ; Defense Secretary Don Rumsfeld said it was only a matter of time before the bad guys get The Bomb . ...
Then , Thursday , we learned that the threats to New York ( like the bank and apartment threats ) came from one man : Al - Qaeda COO Abu Zubaydah , whom the feds have been sweating at an undisclosed overseas location . "
A convenient uproar
The timing of the alert was extremely convenient for the Bush administration , which had been stung a week earlier by reports that it had received what should have been ample warnings of 9/11 , including the August 6 , 2001 daily intelligence briefing titled " Bin Laden determined to strike in US . "
A May 22 story in the Washington Times stated outright that " the Bush administration issued a spate of terror alerts in recent days to mute criticism that its national security team sat on intelligence warnings in the weeks before the September 11 attacks .
...
The latest alerts were issued 'as a result of all the controversy that took place last week , ' said Bush spokesman Ari Fleischer , referring to reports that the president received a CIA briefing in August about terror threats , including plans by Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network to hijack U.S. commercial airliners . "
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld responded to the controversy over the alerts by suggesting that " terrorists might deliberately be planting disinformation to waste US resources and enable them to study the responses . "
" They jerk us around , try to jerk us around , and test us , " Rumsfeld complained .
" We are going to be living in a period of limited or no warning because of the asymmetrical advantages of the attacker as opposed to the defender . "
In addition , Vice President Cheney went on Larry King Live to insist that there was no connection between the alerts and the embarrassment over 9/11 .
He told King , " If nothing had happened , if there had not been the totally irresponsible charges last week , that would n't have affected any of this anyway . "
" We now have a large number of people in custody , " Cheney continued , " detainees , and periodically as we go through this process we learn more about the possibility of future attacks .
And based on that kind of reporting , we try to be very cautious and alert people when we think there 's a reason to be concerned about a particular subject or target . "
" The fact of the matter is , " Cheney added menacingly , " the more we learn , the more convinced we become about how extensive the network is , that there is a global network , that even after you destroy and disrupt their base of operations in Afghanistan , they 've still got cells all over the world , any one of which is capable of moving forward and carrying out an operation . "
According to an op - ed this week by FBI agent Ali Soufan , however , " There was no actionable intelligence gained from using enhanced interrogation techniques on Abu Zubaydah that wasnt , or couldnt have been , gained from regular tactics .
In addition , I saw that using these alternative methods on other terrorists backfired on more than a few occasions  all of which are still classified .
The short sightedness behind the use of these techniques ignored the unreliability of the methods , the nature of the threat , the mentality and modus operandi of the terrorists , and due process . "
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
After learning he is dying , a hit man puts out a hit on himself , but when he learns his doctor made a mistake and he's not dying , he must now fight for his life against the world 's top assassins while protecting his lover in the process .
Michael Bezjian/WireImage.com
Or , if your workplace is a bit prudish , meet her here .
Ms. Daniels is a self - made businesswoman , has a hugely successful career in film , and has won awards as a director and screenwriter .
She may or may not be running for Senate from Louisiana next year — she 's currently on a " listening tour " of the state — but there 's certainly a concerted group of believers encouraging her to do so .
Oh , and she 's a porn star .
That fact is , predictably , dominating news stories about her potential run for office .
The equally predictable sideshow to these stories is the story of current senator David Vitter , who would be her opponent .
In brief , he 's one of the strictest " values " conservatives in Congress , but in 2007 he was identified as a frequent client of a New Orleans escort service — one with a reported penchant for wearing adult diapers during the act .
Pure tabloid sensationalism .
Or is it ?
We are , as a nation , forgiving of our politicians ' pragmatism .
Sure , ideology makes for a great stump speech , but in reality we recognize that politics is business and business requires flexibility .
But only to a point .
And a man who decries sexual freedom ( straight and gay alike ) while simultaneously hiring prostitutes — well that goes far beyond that point .
That 's because , when properly applied , pragmatism serves the diverse needs of the public , while private flaunting of declared values is simply hypocritical .
But Vitter reversed those equations , spinning his hypocrisy as a moral failure - and - redemption story ( family values work ! ) while pragmatically distancing himself from the madam who kept his urges satisfied ( whores do n't vote Republican ) .
That madam , Deborah Jeane Palfrey , killed herself rather than go to prison .
Vitter got a standing O .
There 's justice for ya .
Simply put , David Vitter is one of the biggest pricks in government .
And we wholeheartedly support the candidacy of someone who knows big pricks — and what to do with them .
She might even win .
RELATED LINKS :
LIST : The 10 Worst Members of Congress
PROFILE : The Rise of Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal
WHAT I'VE LEARNED : Jenna Jameson on Parenting , Children , and More
PLUS : A Porn Star with a Little Arlen Specter in Her
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Five Birmingham police officers have been fired for a January 2008 beating of an already - unconscious suspect with fists , feet and a billy club , a battering caught on videotape until a police officer turned off the patrol car camera , city and police officials said today .
Three truths :
1. Google is a middleman made of software .
It ’s a very , very large middleman made of software .
Think of what Goliath or the Cyclops or Godzilla would look like if they were made of software .
That ’s Google .
2 . The middleman acts in the middleman ’s interest .
3 . The broader the span of the middleman ’s control over the exchanges that take place in a market , the greater the middleman ’s power and the lesser the power of the suppliers .
For much of the first decade of the Web ’s existence , we were told that the Web , by efficiently connecting buyer and seller , or provider and user , would destroy middlemen .
Middlemen were friction , and the Web was a friction - removing machine .
We were misinformed .
The Web did n’t kill mediators .
It made them stronger .
The way a company makes big money on the Web is by skimming little bits of money off a huge number of transactions , with each click counting as a transaction .
( Think trillions of transactions . )
The reality of the web is hypermediation , and Google , with its search and search - ad monopolies , is the king of the hypermediators .
Which brings us to everybody ’s favorite business : the news .
Newspapers , or news syndicators like the Associated Press , bemoan the power of the middlemen , or aggregators , to get between them and their readers .
They particularly bemoan the power of Google , because Google wields , by far , the greatest power .
The editor of the Wall Street Journal , Robert Thomson , calls Google a “ tapeworm . ”
His boss , Rupert Murdoch , says Google is engaged in “ stealing copyrights . ”
Others see Thomson and Murdoch as hypocritical crybabies .
To them , Google is the good guy , the benevolent middleman that fairly parcels out traffic , by the trillions of page views , to a multitude of hungry web sites .
It ’s the mommy bird dropping little worm fragments into the mouths of all the baby birds .
Scott Rosenberg points out that Google makes it simple for newspapers or any other site operators to opt out of its general search engine and all of its subsidiary search services , including Google News .
“ Participation in Google is voluntary , ” he writes .
Yet no one opts out .
Participation is not only voluntary but “ is also pretty much universal , because of the benefits .
When users are seeking what you have , it ’s good to be found . ”
Rosenberg is correct , but he misses , or chooses not to acknowledge , the larger point .
When a middleman controls a market , the supplier has no real choice but to work with the middleman – even if the middleman makes it impossible for the supplier to make money .
Given the choice , most people will choose to die of a slow wasting disease rather than to have their head blown off with a bazooka .
But that does n’t mean that dying of a slow wasting disease is pleasant .
As Tom Slee explains , Google ’s role as the dominant middleman in the digital content business resembles Wal - Mart ’s role as the dominant middleman in the consumer products business .
Because of the vastness of Wal - Mart ’s market share , consumer goods companies have little choice but to sell their wares through the retailing giant , even if the retailing giant squeezes their profit margin to zilch .
It ’s called leverage : Play by our rules , or die .
Sometimes “ voluntary ” is n’t really “ voluntary . ”
When it comes to Google and other aggregators , newspapers face a sort of prisoners ’ dilemma .
If one of them escapes , their competitors will pick up the traffic they lose .
But if all of them stay , none of them will ever get enough traffic to make sufficient money .
So they all stay in the prison , occasionally yelling insults at their jailer through the bars on the door .
None of this , by the way , should be taken as criticism of Google .
Google is simply pursuing its own interests – those interests just happen to be very different from the interests of the news companies .
What Google can , and should , be criticized for is its disingenuousness .
In an official response to the recent criticism of its control over news - seeking traffic , Google rolled out one of its lawyers , who put on his happy face and wrote : “ Users like me are sent from different Google sites to newspaper websites at a rate of more than a billion clicks per month .
These clicks go to news publishers large and small , domestic and international – day and night .
And once a reader is on the newspaper ’s site , we work hard to help them earn revenue .
Our AdSense program pays out millions of dollars to newspapers that place ads on their sites . ”
Wow .
“ A billion clicks . ” “ Millions of dollars . ”
Such big numbers .
What Google does n’t mention is that the billions of clicks and the millions of ad dollars are so fragmented among so many thousands of sites that no one site earns enough to have a decent online business .
Where the real money ends up is at the one point in the system where traffic is concentrated : the Google search engine .
Google ’s overriding interest is to ( a ) maximize the amount and velocity of the traffic flowing through the web and ( b ) ensure that as large a percentage of that traffic as possible goes through its search engine and is exposed to its ads .
One of the most important ways it accomplishes that goal is to promote the distribution of as much free content as possible through as many sites as possible on the web .
For Google , any concentration of traffic at content sites is anathema ; it would represent a shift of power from the middleman to the supplier .
Google wants to keep that traffic fragmented .
The suppliers of news have precisely the opposite goal .
Take a look at the top topic on Google News right now :
Look , in particular , at the number of stories on this topic that Google already has in its database : 11,264 .
That ’s a staggeringly large number .
To Google , it ’s a beautiful number .
To the 11,264 news sites competing for a measly little page view , and the infinitesimal fraction of a penny the view represents , it ’s death .
As I ’ve written before , the essential problem facing the online news business is oversupply .
The cure is n’t pretty .
It requires , first , a massive reduction of production capacity – ie , the consolidation or disappearance of lots of news outlets .
Second , and dependent on that reduction of production capacity , it requires news organizations to begin to impose controls on their content .
By that , I do n’t mean preventing bloggers from posting fair - use snippets of articles .
I mean curbing the rampant syndication , authorized or not , of full - text articles .
Syndication makes sense when articles remain on the paper they were printed on .
It does n’t make sense when articles float freely across the global web .
( Take note , AP . )
Once the news business reduces supply , it can begin to consolidate traffic , which in turn consolidates ad revenues and , not least , opens opportunities to charge subscription fees of one sort or another – opportunities that today , given the structure of the industry , seem impossible .
With less supply , the supplier gains market power at the expense of the middleman .
The fundamental problem facing the news business today does not lie in Google ’s search engine .
It lies in the structure of the news business itself .
On the heels of success of the anti-gay marriage amendments in Florida , California , and Arizona , the Christian Coalition announces that it ’s goal moving forward is to get amendments on the ballots in every state that has not already passed one :
Thus far , 30 states have outlawed homosexual “ marriages ” by an average close to 70 % approval by voters through amendments to the state constitutions .
In addition , the voters in Arkansas yesterday approved a measure banning unmarried couples from serving as adoptive or foster parents .
It will be the goal of Christian Coalition to ensure that the other 20 states adopt similar amendments banning homosexual “ marriages ” including the states of Massachusetts and Connecticut which also had two judicial decisions , by one vote margins , legalizing these abominations .
Considering that the Christian Coalition has n’t been particularly relevant for quite some time , it ’s pretty clear that they think that hopping on the bandwagon in pushing these amendments will be a way for them to regain at least some of their influence within the contemporary Religious Right movement .
UPDATE : An announcement has been posted on Watson 's official website , denying the star 's use of Twitter .
While the notice does not disprove the star receiving an acceptance from Yale , it claims that she has not , in turn , accepted the spot .
" There have been several rumours spreading recently that Emma has accepted a place at Yale university after ' telling her fans via her Twitter account , ' " the notice , signed by " Jo , " states .
" We would like to inform you that Emma does not have a Twitter account and that these rumours are false .
Emma is still trying to decide whether she wants to attend university in the U.K. or the U.S.A. and has n't accepted any placements at this time . "
________________________________
Hazel Blears , the communities secretary fighting calls to resign , says her role in the expenses scandal represents " her worst time in 30 years of political life " , and admits it may take many months or years for her reputation to recover .
Gordon Brown again described her behaviour as " totally unacceptable " after she failed to pay £ 13,332 in capital gains tax on a property she had declared as her second home to the parliamentary authorities and as her main home to the tax authorities .
Blears rejected calls to resign , pointing out that the prime minister had said that she had not broken either the law or parliamentary rules .
She also pointed out that Brown 's spokesman had insisted he had " full confidence " in her , and there was no question of her being sacked .
Downing Street also indicated that Brown 's criticism of Ms Blears did not imply she will be moved in any cabinet reshuffle after the European and local elections on 4 June .
One opinion poll yesterday showed 90 % of voters want more heads to roll than just the Speaker , Michael Martin .
But in today 's G2 , Blears says : " This is my worst time in 30 years of political life .
What matters is how people feel , and they feel let down .
" It does n't really matter that the Commons authorities made me designate my London flat as my main home when I became a minister , and I fought to have that designation reversed because my main home is Salford first , last and always — I know that there are some people who believe I own three homes , when of course I have a house in Salford and a one - bed flat in London .
I know people are very angry , and it will take many months for that anger to subside . "
Last week Blears sent a cheque to HM Revenue and Customs for £ 13,332 .
She went on : " I know paying money to HMRC to the equivalent amount if I had been liable for capital gains tax does n't fix things .
But I do hope that over time people will respect me as a political activist and someone driven by values .
There are n't many working class MPs in the Commons , and I believe I represent a constituency and a politics which needs to be represented . "
Friends say they can not understand how she could be referred to the new Labour national executive panel on the basis that she had brought the party into disrepute unless other ministers were too .
Blears has won the support of her local party executive in Salford .
However , Labour officials have referred Margaret Moran , the Labour MP for Luton South , to the NEC panel to see if she should remain the party candidate .
She has been criticised for spending £ 22,500 on treating dry rot in her Southampton home , miles from her constituency .
Brown said Moran 's expenses were " completely unacceptable " , and she has agreed to pay the money back .
The local party chairman , Mahmood Hussain denied reports that they had decided to support her .
It has been notable that many local parties , Conservative and Labour , have been supportive of MPs implicated in the expenses scandal , despite local anger .
The TV presenter Esther Rantzen has said she is considering standing against Moran at the next general election on an anti-sleaze ticket , saying she is " sick " of the political system .
Brown told GMTV : " There are many cases where people will be suspended , where people will have to stand down at the next election and no longer be candidates for the Labour party " .
But Labour is due to await the verdict of an independent audit of every MP 's expenses claims over the past four years .
Brown has said he will throw money at the process after an initial assessment suggested it would take a year to review 750,000 claims .
A source at the Commons members estimate committee , which considers MPs ' pay and allowances , said he doubted if the trawl would find more than one or two claims that breached the rules , unless the rules were reinterpreted retrospectively .
Anthony Steen , the Tory MP for Totnes , who claimed £ 80,000 from the taxpayer over four years for work at his £ 1 m
Devon mansion , announced that he would step down as MP after the next election .
He follows Douglas Hogg , the Conservative MP for Sleaford and North Hykeham , who said he would stand down after it was revealed that he had claimed expenses for having his moat cleaned .
" The real focus for all Conservatives should be on winning the next election .
For that reason , and because I do n't want to distract from the real story here , I have decided not to stand , " Steen said .
At prime minister 's questions Brown again rejected David Cameron 's calls for an immediate general election , saying an election now would cause chaos .
Asked why , Brown replied : " What would cause chaos is if a Conservative government were elected and caused public spending cuts " .
Cameron claimed this was an admission that Brown expected to lose the election .
" I know the prime minister is frightened of elections , but how can he possibly believe that in the fourth year of a parliament in one of the oldest democracies in the world , a general election would cause chaos ? "
Fire Risk Assessments & Assessors
SAFE I.S. Fire Risk Assessors are affiliated to the Institute Fire Engineers , providing you and your insurers with professional Fire Risk Assessments for all types of Buildings .
We can offer property managers , landlords , freeholders , estate agents , business owners , compliance managers and responsible persons a competitively priced professional service .
Try us today for friendly free advice or a quote in less than 2 Minutes by email or phone .
We also offer a next day service .
Our Fire Risk Assessors are experienced IFE professionals , regularly carrying out Fire Risk Assessments for businesses , apartment buildings , HMO's & Communal Areas required by Solicitors , Agents , Landlords & Home Owners .
All our assessments run to 20 + pages and are provided in an electronic document , to the insurance and government approved PAS 79 format .
A Fire Risk Assessment will provide you with a professional report , which identifies your fire safety compliance , servicing of equipment , access & escape routes , signage , locks ....
We offer a nationwide next day service .
A fast service and the most competitive prices on the web !
The 2005 Fire Regulatory Reform Act ( Fire Safety Order ) consolidates all previous fire safety legislation , with the emphasis on fire prevention through risk assessment .
Legal responsibility for complying with the Fire Safety Order rests with the ' responsible person ' .
How do you know if you 're affected by this ?
.... Are you :-
Responsible for a Business Premises , Block of Apartments or a House of multiple occupation ( HMO ) ?
In a Licensed Property ?
An Employer ?
A Charity or Voluntary Organisation ?
A Contractor with control over a Premises ?
If the answer is " yes " to any of the above , then we can help - Contact Us Today
What happens when our fire risk assessor visits ?
The Fire Risk Assessor will introduce himself and will ask to meet the responsible person for the premises .
The responsible person should be familiar with the access , layout and operation of the premises in normal day to day running .
The Assessor will then talk through the relevant aspects of his visit and the available information sources open to the responsible person .
These sources will include documentation , emergency procedures and safety records , along with insurance and special requirements for the safe running of the premises .
In the absence of the responsible person a competent colleague may take the role .
The object of the assessment is to produce a consultative report which can be used going forward to assess Fire Risk and often a lot more , in a sensible format , meeting the regulatory requirements duties required by current building regulations and health & safety .
The report comprises of a document including all aspects of the assessment which include such items as Fire alarm , Emergency Lighting , Fire Extinguishers service records , signage and escape routes .
The fire risk assessment will also include photographs and regulatory requirements to support the findings .
The assessment report will show its findings and assess the risks for each discipline in terms , such as moderate or tolerable and in some cases substantial .
The assessor will conclude the visit with a discussion about non compliances or improvements that could be made , including answering any questions the responsible person may have about the visit .
A detailed insurance approved report comprising of all the assessors findings will be posted within a week of the site visit .
The assessor will often contact the responsible person after the visit , to ensure the report is clearly understood .
Please remember the report benefits all parties and is a consultative document , showing compliance and due diligence .
As President Barack Obama launches a military effort that promises to dwarf the Bush administration ’s Iraqi adventure in scope and intensity , the " progressive " community is rallying around their commander in chief as obediently and reflexively as the neocon - dominated GOP did when we invaded Iraq .
As John Stauber points out over at the Center for Media and Democracy Web site , the takeover of the antiwar movement by the Obamaites is nearly complete .
He cites MoveOn.org as a prime but not sole example :
" MoveOn built its list by organizing vigils and ads for peace and by then supporting Obama for president ; today it operates as a full - time cheerleader supporting Obama ’s policy agenda .
Some of us saw this unfolding years ago .
Others are probably shocked watching their peace candidate escalating a war and sounding so much like the previous administration in his rationale for doing so . "
Picking up on this in The Nation , John Nichols avers that several antiwar groups are not toeing the Afghanistan - is - a - war - of - necessity line , including Peace Action , United for Peace and Justice , and the American Friends Service Committee , yet there is less to this than meets the eye .
Naturally , the Friends , being pacifists , are going to oppose the Afghan " surge " and the provocative incursions into Pakistan : no surprise there .
Peace Action is not making a whole lot of noise about this , in spite of the issue ’s relative importance .
They are confining their opposition to an online petition .
As for UFPJ , their alleged opposition to Obama ’s war is couched in all kinds of contingencies and ambiguous formulations .
Their most recent public pronouncement , calling for local actions against the Af - Pak offensive , praises Obama for " good statements on increasing diplomacy and economic aid to Afghanistan and Pakistan . "
Really ?
So far , this " diplomacy " consists of unsuccessfully finagling the Europeans and Canada to increase their " contributions " to the Afghan front – and selling the American people on an escalation of the conflict .
Although energized and given a local presence nationwide by a significant pacifist and youth contingent , UFPJ is organizationally dominated by current and former members of the Communist Party , USA , and allied organizations , and you have to remember that Afghanistan is a bit of a sore spot for them .
That ’s because the Kremlin preceded us in our folly of attempting to tame the wild warrior tribes of the Hindu Kush and was soundly defeated .
The Soviet Union did its level best in trying to accomplish what a number of liberal think - tanks with ambitious agendas are today busily concerning themselves with solving the problem of constructing a working central government , centered in Kabul , which would improve the lot of the average Afghan , liberate women from their legally and socially subordinate role , eliminate the drug trade , and provide a minimal amount of security outside the confines of Kabul – in short , the very same goals enunciated by the Bush administration and now the Obama administration .
The Kremlin failed miserably in achieving its objectives , and there is little reason to believe the Americans will have better luck .
In retrospect , the Soviet decision to invade and create a puppet government propped up by the Red Army was arguably a fatal error , one that delivered the final crushing blow to a system already moribund and brittle enough to break .
The domestic consequences inside the Soviet Union – the blowback , if you will – sounded the death knell of the Communist system and revealed the Kremlin ’s ramshackle empire in all its military and moral bankruptcy .
What is to prevent the U.S. from courting a similar fate , at a time when our economy is melting down and the domestic crisis makes such grandiose " nation - building " schemes seem like bubble - think at its most hubristic ?
That ’s where the pro-war progressive think - tanks come in : their role is to forge a new pro-war consensus , one that commits us to a long - range " nation - building " strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
These are the Center for a New American Security , explicitly set up as home base for the " national security Democrats " who make up the party ’s hawkish faction ; Brookings ; and , last but not least , the Center for American Progress , which was an oasis of skepticism when Team Bush was " liberating " Iraq , and a major critic of the occupation .
Now the leadership of CAP is making joint appearances with the neocons over at the newly christened Foreign Policy Initiative and issuing lengthy white papers outlining their Ten Year Plan [ .pdf ] for the military occupation of Afghanistan .
Not only that , but they are moving to the front lines in a battle against Obama ’s antiwar opponents , with the Nichols piece – which merely reported growing opposition to Obama ’s war on the Left – eliciting a testy response from CAP honcho Lawrence Korb and one of his apparatchiks .
In it , the CAPsters aver , wearily , that none of this is new – the " schism " within the " progressive community " over Afghanistan is " long - standing " – and they remind their audience that the release of CAP ’s latest apologia for occupying Afghanistan is hardly precedent - setting .
After all , their two previous reports supported precisely the same position , which was taken up by Obama during the 2008 campaign : Iraq was the wrong war , Afghanistan is the " right " war , and the Bush administration diverted vital resources away from the latter to fight the former .
Now that Obama is doing what he said he ’d do all along – escalating and extending the Long War on the Afghan front – CAP is supporting him .
It ’s as simple as that .
Still , it ’s perhaps perplexing to those who followed the debate over the Iraq war to see CAP in the vanguard of the War Party .
Or , as Korb & Co. put it :
" Given our organization ’s ( and our personal ) long - standing assertion that a U.S. military withdrawal from the war in Iraq was and is a necessary precondition for Iraq ’s competing parties to find a stable power - sharing equilibrium , perhaps it comes as a surprise to some that we would ‘ now ’ call for such a renewed U.S. military , economic , and political commitment to the war in Afghanistan . "
Well , yes , now that you mention it , this cheerleading for Obama ’s war is a bit of a turnaround for CAP and the Washington " progressive " community .
Their Stalinesque about - face – which recalls the disciplined hypocrisy of Communist cadre who were just as fervently antiwar in the moments before Hitler invaded Russia as they were pro-war every moment since – requires some explanation .
Korb , however , is not very forthcoming .
He does little to refute objections to the occupation of Afghanistan , which would seem to reflect the very same critique leveled at Bush ’s conquest of Iraq .
Yet we get relatively little out of him , except the bland assertion that " Afghanistan is not Iraq . "
Not convinced yet ?
Well then , listen to this : " Unlike the war in Iraq , which was always a war of choice , Afghanistan was and still is a war of necessity . "
There , that ought to quiet any qualms about embarking on a 10 - year or more military occupation and a hideously expensive " nation - building " effort in a country that has defied would - be occupiers for most of its history .
One searches in vain for a reasoned rationale for the Afghan escalation , or even a halfway plausible justification for lurching into Pakistan , either in Korb ’s brief and dismissive piece for The Nation or in CAP ’s latest [ pdf. ] 40 - plus page defense of the administration ’s war plans .
The latter is long on sober assessments of how difficult it will be to double - talk the American people into supporting another futile crusade on the Asian landmass , and it has plenty of colorful graphics , including one showing how much they want the U.S. troop presence to increase over the next few years .
Yet this " war of necessity " concept is never explained beyond mere reiteration , although there are a few subtle hints .
At one point , the CAP document , " Sustainable Security in Afghanistan , " declares :
" Al - Qaeda poses a clear and present danger to American interests and its allies throughout the world and must be dealt with by using all the instruments in our national security arsenal in an integrated manner .
The terrorist organization ’s deep historical roots in Afghanistan and its neighbor Pakistan place it at the center of an ‘ arc of instability ’ through South and Central Asia and the greater Middle East that requires a sustained international response . "
If al - Qaeda has " deep historical roots " in Afghanistan and Pakistan , then they run far deeper in , say , Saudi Arabia – where most of the 9/11 hijackers were from .
If we go by Korbian logic , that merits a U.S. invasion and decade - long military occupation of the Kingdom .
Is it something in the water in Washington , or is it just the water - cooler in CAP ’s D.C. offices ?
Yes , by all means , let us examine the " deep historical roots " of al - Qaeda , which originated in what Korb obliquely refers to as " the anti-Soviet campaign . "
This campaign was conducted by the U.S. government , which armed , aided , and gave open political support to the Afghan " mujahedin , " who were feted at the Reagan White House .
Supplied with Stinger missiles and other weaponry , which enabled them to drive the Red Army out , al - Qaeda developed as an international jihadist network in the course of this struggle , which later turned on its principal sponsor and enabler .
None of this , of course , is mentioned by the authors of the CAP report .
Shorn of sanctimony and partisan rhetoric , what the advocates of Obama ’s war are saying is that Afghanistan and Pakistan are Osama bin Laden ’s home turf , and the 9/11 terrorist attacks give us the right to militarily occupy the country , in perpetuity if necessary , in order to prevent a repeat .
This argument lacks all proportion and belies the Obamaites ’ appeals to " pragmatism " and " realism " as the alleged hallmarks of the new administration .
Beneath the unemotional language of faux - expertise – the technical analyses of troop strength and abstruse discussions of counterinsurgency doctrine – a dark undercurrent of primordialism flows through the " progressive " case for a 10 - year war in the wilds of Central Asia .
The unspoken but painfully obvious motive for Obama ’s war is simply satisfying the desire of the American people for revenge .
It is certainly not about preventing another 9/11 .
The biggest and deadliest terrorist attack in our history was for the most part plotted and carried out here in the U.S. , right under the noses of the FBI , the CIA , and all the " anti- terrorist " agencies and initiatives that had been created during the Clinton years .
Earlier , it was plotted in Hamburg , Germany , and Malaysia , and the plot advanced further still in a small town in south Florida .
Having concluded that another terrorist attack on U.S. soil is for all intents and purposes practically inevitable , the U.S. government during the Bush era decided to take up an offensive strategy , to go after the terrorist leadership in their " safe havens . "
The Obamaites , likewise disdaining a defensive strategy , have continued this policy , albeit with a simple switch in locations and the application of greater resources .
They have furthermore determined – without making public any supporting evidence – that these alleged terrorist sanctuaries are located in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
The president has even broadly hinted that Osama bin Laden himself is in Pakistan ’s tribal area .
One presumes we are supposed to take this on faith : after all , the U.S. government would never lie to us , or exaggerate the known facts – would they ?
The CAP report is mostly a rehash of liberal interventionist bromides , paeans to multilateralism ( which ring particularly hollow in view of Obama ’s recent failure to get more than a measly 5,000 European troops out of NATO ) , and pious pledges to build clinics , schools , and walk little old ladies across crowded streets even as our soulless armies of drones wreak death and devastation .
This use of robots to do our dirty work recalls the bombing of the former Yugoslavia , during which American pilots dropped their deadly payloads from a height of 20,000 feet .
Sure , it made for somewhat dicey accuracy , but better Serbian " collateral damage " than American casualties .
The same lesson applies to the Af - Pak war : better a lot of dead Pakistanis than a few downed American pilots .
The U.S. death toll is already rising rapidly enough , and the shooting down of an American pilot over Pakistani territory would surely draw unwelcome attention on the home front , as well as cause an international incident .
We ca n’t have that .
I am truly at a loss to describe , in suitably pungent terms , the contempt in which I hold the " progressive " wing of the War Party , which is now enjoying its moment in the sun .
These people have no principles : it ’s all about power at the court of King Obama , and these court policy wonks are good for nothing but apologias for the king ’s wars .
They are , however , good for an occasional laugh .
I had to guffaw when I read the phrase " arc of instability . "
This is supposed to be a reason – nay , the reason – for a military and political campaign scheduled to continue for at least the next 10 years .
Well , then , let ’s take a good look at this " arc , " which , we are told , extends " through South and Central Asia and the greater Middle East . "
From the shores of Lebanon to the mountain ranges of Afghanistan , and most places in between , that " arc of instability " defines the geographical extent of U.S. intervention in the region from the end of World War II to the present .
If any single factor contributed to the instability permeating this arc , then it is the one constant factor in the equation , which has been the U.S. presence and efforts to dominate the region .
What is Korb ’s – and CAP ’s – solution to the problem of regional instability ?
Why , more of the same .
This will lead , as it has in the past , to more blowback and an increase in the support and capabilities of the worldwide Islamist insurgency we are pledged to defeat .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
I am told that we are now enabling comments in a limited number of original articles , including this column .
Have fun , and keep it clean .
Advertisement
When reader Andreas wrote in to share his desktop configuration , we were stunned at the level of nerdy information we had just encountered — this is perhaps the geekiest desktop we 've ever seen .
Andreas started his ultimate desktop project when he fell in love with Expose 's ability to show the desktop by moving your mouse to a corner of the screen — so he set out to use that feature to display every piece of information he could think of using GeekTool to display text files on the desktop .
Advertisement
What makes this desktop so striking is n't just the lack of a blended wallpaper —
Andreas wanted to focus on the information — it 's the graph in the lower right - hand side that tracks his vital statistics , including his blood pressure and weight information .
To generate this graph , he created a command line script similar to our founding editor 's Todo .
txt utility , but this script accepts daily health information and writes it to a file .
The graph is then generated using that data by running it through GNUplot and added to the screen with GeekTool — a great way to keep motivated to stay healthy .
The rest of the desktop includes a calendar , to - do list , date , moonphase , and even economic indicators — everything that a geek might want to see at a glance — and presented in what must be the geekiest desktop we 've ever seen .
For those that are curious about all of the details and reasoning behind this desktop , hit the link to check out the full write - up and a full - size screenshot of the desktop in action .
Advertisement
Want to see your own desktop featured here ?
Post your productive desktop over in the Lifehacker Desktop Show and Tell Flickr Group complete with a description of the programs and tweaks you used ( and preferably links as well ! ) , and we just might feature it here .
The OSX Alpha Geek desktop
My new column for the FT looks at Obama 's national security policies .
Critics in his own party and Republican opponents are attacking Barack Obama 's emerging stance on national security with equal ferocity .
Many Democrats are furious that the president has broken his promise to abandon the Bush administration 's war - powers approach to fighting terrorism .
Dick Cheney , the former vice - president , and other conservatives attack him for doing the opposite - for keeping his promise and emasculating the US anti-terror effort .
The left 's complaints make far more sense than Mr Cheney's .
Mr Obama is adjusting the Bush administration 's policies here and there and seeks to put them on a sounder legal footing .
This recalibration is significant and wise , but it is by no means the entirely new approach that he led everybody to expect .
Mr Obama is in the right , in my view , but he owes his supporters an apology for misleading them .
He also owes George W. Bush an apology for saying that the last administration 's thinking was an affront to US values , whereas his own policies would be entirely consonant with them .
In office he has found that the issue is more complicated .
If he was surprised , he should not have been .
The Linux Collaboration Summit , which is taking place this week in San Francisco , provides participants with an environment for discussion and education .
The event , which is hosted by the Linux Foundation and is accessible by invitation only , consists of presentations and discussion panels about numerous social , technical , and economic issues that relate to Linux and open source software development .
The first day of the event delivered an edifying experience and a unique window into the views of prominent members of the Linux community .
In a keynote on Wednesday morning , Linux Foundation executive director Jim Zemlin discussed some opportunities for the Linux platform and some areas where the community can come together to overcome challenges and mitigate risks .
He spoke about the implications of Linux 's phenomenal growth rate and heightened potential for adoption in the current economic climate .
He describes Linux as the " fastest growing platform in every aspect of computing , " and asserts that the operating system 's adoption rate is advancing two to three times faster than any other platform .
Zemlin says that the economic downturn is forcing companies to consolidate their technical infrastructure , and Linux — which works in a broader number of contexts than its competitors and can be adopted at potentially lower costs — is gaining ground as a consequence of this trend .
This view seems to be supported by IDC analyst Al Gillen , who also spoke at the event .
Gillen recently published a new study ( PDF ) which predicts that the Linux operating system will withstand the recession better than other platforms and emerge stronger than its commercial competitors , potentially positioning it better to become the long - term winner in the operating system market .
( The study , which is funded by the Linux Foundation , includes some insightful analysis , but should — like any analyst report commissioned at the behest of a corporation — be read with its funding source in mind ) .
As we learned when we sat down for a chat with Zemlin at LinuxWorld last year , he views cloud computing and mobile devices as trends that are highly conducive to Linux adoption .
He elaborated on this concept during his keynote when he tackled the issue of Linux on the desktop .
The desktop is being redefined , he said , and the new model is one where Linux is emerging as a dominant force .
The growing relevance of Web services and cloud computing could shift focus away from conventional desktop applications and towards the browser , which would serve as a window to remote Linux - powered Web applications .
Similarly , he suggests that desktops could be displaced by a new class of mobile Internet devices .
He points out that Linux has gained tremendous ground in the mobile and embedded computing space , where it is used by countless consumers in popular devices such as the TiVo and Amazon 's Kindle .
In the enterprise , Zemlin says that the robustness of the Linux platform and its powerful support for virtualization technology will continue to boost its relevance .
Linux is ready for high - volume mission - critical computation , he says , and he cites an impressive example to punctuate this point : the Chicago Mercantile Exchange has used its Linux - based infrastructure to process over a quadrillion dollars in financial transactions .
Zemlin also took advantage of the keynote to take less - than - subtle jabs at Linux 's competitors .
He showed one of Microsoft 's recent commercials , which featured a cost - concious consumer buying a Windows - based computer to avoid the higher price of a sexier Mac.
Zemlin remarked comically that this could be the first time ever that Microsoft has attempted to compete on price — a battle that Zemlin believes Microsoft will ultimately be unable to win against Linux .
Linux is the most affordable platform in the market , he argues , but it is also much more than that .
He contends that Linux is altering fundamental assumptions about how software is built .
From its humble origins as a technical experiment to its current - day role as the foundation of a massive ecosystem of free and commercial technologies , Linux has had a long journey and significant impact .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President Barack Obama said on Thursday some terrorism suspects held at Guantanamo would be sent to U.S. prisons despite strong congressional opposition , as he defended his plan to close the internationally condemned detention center .
President Barack Obama speaks about America 's national security while at the National Archives in Washington , May 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
In an extraordinary counterpoint to Obama ’s speech , former Vice President Dick Cheney said the president ’s reversals of Bush - era detainee policy amounted to “ recklessness cloaked in righteousness and would make the American people less safe . ”
Obama made his case a day after the U.S. Senate , controlled by fellow Democrats , handed him a stinging setback by blocking funds to shutter the prison until he presents a detailed plan on what to do with the 240 terrorism suspects held there .
“ This is the toughest issue we will face , ” Obama declared in a 50 - minute address at the National Archives where he said he had inherited a legal “ mess ” from the Bush administration that had hurt America ’s moral standing in the world .
Obama used a forceful defense of his revamped terrorism policies to try to wrest back control of the debate that has gripped Washington and threatens to divert his attention from his declared top priority of rescuing the ailing U.S. economy .
Obama , who succeeded Republican George W. Bush on January 20 , had vowed in his first days in office to close the detention center , located at a U.S. Naval base in Cuba , within a year as part of his effort to repair America ’s tarnished image abroad .
His public approval rating remains high , but implementing a revamped approach on detention and interrogation of terrorism suspects has proved more difficult than his aides expected .
Seeking to calm fears that some detainees could eventually be released on U.S. soil , Obama insisted he would not authorize freeing anyone who would “ endanger the American people ” .
But he said some terrorism suspects would be tried in U.S. courts and would be held in super - maximum - security U.S. prisons while others could be tried by military commissions or transferred to other countries .
His speech , however , contained few concrete specifics and may not fully satisfy Democrats in Congress who have demanded a detailed plan on closing Guantanamo before they give him the necessary money to do it .
DUELING SPEECHES
Obama stressed that his policies were based on the rule of law and represented a sharp break with those of Bush , which he said had undercut rather than strengthened America ’s stature .
“ We uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right , but because it strengthens our country and keeps us safe , ” Obama said .
Decrying what he called “ fear - mongering ” on the issue , Obama said , “ Where demanded by justice and national security , we will seek to transfer some detainees to the same type of facilities in which we hold all manner of dangerous and violent criminals within our borders - highly secure prisons that ensure the public safety ” .
Human rights and civil liberties groups lauded Obama for his commitment to the rule of law but criticized the continued detention of terrorism suspects without trial .
Creating the impression of a showdown via dueling televised speeches , Cheney , an architect of Bush ’s detainee policy , spoke at a thinktank in Washington just after the president finished his address .
“ The administration has found that it ’s easy to receive applause in Europe for closing Guantanamo .
But it ’s tricky to come up with an alternative that will serve the interests of justice and America ’s national security , ” Cheney said .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Obama accused the Bush administration of having “ failed to use our values as a compass ” when it crafted detention and interrogation policies after the September 11 , 2001 hijacked plane attacks on the United States , and said his administration now had to clean up the problems left behind .
He renewed his commitment to a January 2010 deadline for closing the Guantanamo prison , which opened in 2002 as part of Bush ’s war on terrorism that followed the September 11 attacks .
GUANTANAMO : LONG CRITICIZED
The prison has long been the target of criticism by human rights groups and many foreign governments , which accused the Bush administration of condoning torture of inmates held there .
In the later years of his tenure , Bush had said that he wanted to close the facility but did little to advance that goal .
Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who has opposed closing the prison , was unmoved by Obama ’s arguments , saying , “ No one has escaped from there . ”
An unreleased Pentagon report concludes that one in seven of the 534 prisoners already transferred abroad from Guantanamo has returned to terrorism or militant activity , according to administration officials cited by the New York Times .
In a reminder of the security jitters that have periodically shaken the country since the September 11 attacks , authorities said on Wednesday they had foiled a plot to blow up two New York synagogues and shoot down military planes .
New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said the four men arrested in the suspected plot all had criminal records and had no known links to al Qaeda .
Illustrating the problems Obama faces on the Guantanamo issue , fellow Democrats in the Senate rebelled against him and voted down his $ 80 million funding request on Wednesday after Republicans threatened to brand them as soft on terrorism .
While most Democrats agree Guantanamo should be closed , they are demanding a detailed plan before approving funds to launch the process .
If the money is not released soon , it could be difficult for Obama to meet his deadline for decommissioning the prison .
( Additional reporting by Ross Colvin , Doug Palmer , Steve Holland and Jeremy Pelofsky )
By Detector | 07 April 2009
Gnome Global menu is a gnome panel applet like Mac OS panel , displaying your text window menu ( File , Edit , View … ) on top gnome panel , so it saves space , it looks very cool and your desktop is organized .
This menu existed earlier like a patch / crack for GTK + but now the things are really changed .
The GTK patch become a simple panel applet with easy installation process .
The panel applet , once installed , can be added to any GNOME panel as any other applet .
The easiest way to install Gnome Global menu on Ubuntu is with Ubuntu Tweak .
First install Ubuntu Tweak latest version – you can install it with one click by clicking here and choose your Ubuntu version ..
After installation you can find Ubuntu tweak on Applications / System Tools / Ubuntu Tweak .
From Ubuntu
Tweak right menu choose Applications then Add / Remove Next , find Gnome - Globalmenu and select for installation and then Apply After installation you can find Gnome Global menu with right click on the gnome panel and choose Add to Panel Next find and add Global Menu Panel Applet and that ’s it .
Also you can organize your panel with replacing Menu Bar with Main Menu applet and move Global Menu Panel Applet next to Main menu
There is a various ways to install Global menu applet for advanced Linux users , so , for more info check official page .
Tags | Howto , Linux , Open Source , Ubuntu
Illustration by David Simonds
“ I AM very surprised .
I have to think about it . ”
That was the initial reaction of Steve Ballmer , the boss of Microsoft , the world 's largest software firm .
It was also the response of many in the computer industry to the news on April 20th that Oracle , another software giant , was paying $ 7.4 billion to buy Sun Microsystems , an embattled computer - maker and Oracle 's neighbour in Silicon Valley .
It was no secret that Sun , which never really recovered from the dotcom crash , had been searching for a buyer .
But most industry observers had expected it to restart talks with IBM , another industry heavyweight , which had offered to buy Sun in March .
Others thought Cisco , the biggest maker of networking gear , would make a bid , since it has recently started to move into computing hardware , too .
Some even predicted that Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) , the number one computer - maker , would finally get involved , after rebuffing Sun .
Why would Oracle , which makes most of its money from databases and business software , buy a hardware firm ?
A big part of the reason is the outsized appetite of Larry Ellison , Oracle 's flamboyant chief executive .
His firm has spent around $ 30 billion buying 50 firms since 2005 , among them software heavyweights such as PeopleSoft , Siebel and BEA .
Buying Sun should help Mr Ellison achieve his goal of getting Oracle 's revenues above $ 30 billion by the end of this year .
There is more to the deal than that , though .
For although Sun makes most of its money selling server computers and storage devices , it is not just a hardware - maker .
It has always been a “ systems ” company , meaning that it sells tightly integrated bundles of hardware and software .
And in recent years it has been beefing up its software business as companies have increasingly eschewed its pricey proprietary servers and bought cheap standardised machines instead .
Mr Ellison is keen on two bits of Sun 's software portfolio in particular .
One is Java , a programming language that is the underlying technology both for many business applications and for software that runs on mobile phones .
Sun never managed to make much money from it , in part because it wanted Java to be an open standard .
But Mr Ellison may have different ideas .
To him , it is “ the single most important software asset we have ever acquired . ”
Sun 's other crown jewel is Solaris , its highly reliable operating system , which is often used as the platform for Oracle 's databases .
More Oracle databases run on Solaris than on any other operating system , Mr Ellison notes .
With control over both pieces of software , Oracle will be able to make them work together better .
This ability to integrate hitherto disparate pieces of technology , and thus make life easier for companies , provides further justification for the merger .
For some time , Mr Ellison 's vision for Oracle has been to become the Apple of the enterprise , hiding complexity from customers , just as Apple does with its powerful but easy - to - use consumer products .
Taking over Sun , he said this week , provides Oracle with all the pieces to put together systems that reach from “ application to disk ” .
Oracle 's engineers are already brainstorming about how to build “ industries in a box ” — complete computer systems that come fine - tuned for , say , banking or retailing .
Yet there are other aspects of the takeover which Mr Ellison prefers not to mention .
Top of the list is open - source software .
In recent years Sun has put together a sizeable portfolio of these free programs written by communities of developers , hoping that firms using this software would then buy its expensive hardware .
By buying Sun , Oracle becomes the world 's largest open - source company , prompting much debate among developers and users .
There is particular concern about the fate of MySQL , a firm Sun bought for $ 1 billion in January 2008 .
It sells database software which is also available in a free , widely used , open - source version .
Next on the list is job losses .
If Oracle 's previous acquisitions are any guide , Sun 's workforce , which has seen many waves of lay - offs in recent years , will be cut further , so that Oracle can meet its targets for the deal .
Safra Catz , Oracle 's president , expects
Sun to contribute more than $ 1.5 billion to Oracle 's bottom line in the first year and more than $ 2 billion in the second .
Money , even more than the scope for tighter integration , also explains why Oracle is unlikely to ditch Sun 's hardware business soon , if at all .
It provides a healthy stream of maintenance fees , about 40 % of Sun 's sales .
Finally , the takeover is also a defensive move .
Oracle did not want to let IBM get its hands on Java and Solaris , and felt it had to react to what looks more and more like a thorough restructuring of the computer industry .
Since the early 1990s the industry has resembled a cake made of horizontal layers of technology , with each layer dominated by a few companies .
Cisco , for instance , provided most of the networking gear .
Sun and HP sold servers .
Oracle was the leader in databases .
IBM 's mainstay was services .
SAP , a German giant , ruled in business software .
This structure is now collapsing as the industry 's heavyweights move into each other 's layers .
HP bulked up its services division by buying EDS , for example , and has also moved more into networking .
Cisco will soon start selling servers , and has formed an alliance with several smaller hardware and software firms to build , in effect , a data centre in a box .
The industry is , in other words , going back to its past , when it was dominated by a few integrated companies that tried to do it all .
This is , in part , a consequence of the industry 's maturity : to keep growing , firms have to invade each other 's markets .
In addition , customers increasingly prefer to buy integrated systems from one vendor , rather than doing the plumbing themselves .
New technologies such as virtualisation and “ cloud computing ” are also blurring the boundaries between the industry 's layers .
A server can now easily switch between being a computer , a storage device or a router ( a box that directs network traffic ) .
For computing to become a utility , which is the promise of the cloud , a data centre cannot be a hotch - potch of boxes cobbled together from different vendors , but must be tightly integrated .
Some analysts think the deal could accelerate this trend by triggering more acquisitions .
IBM , for instance , may now be tempted to buy SAP , to pull even with Oracle and its big software portfolio .
Cisco , which is sitting on $ 29.5 billion in cash , might take over some of its allies , such as EMC , a storage firm .
Before Oracle 's competitors do anything rash , however , they should wait to see how well Mr Ellison 's firm can integrate Sun .
So far Oracle has shown that it can make money by buying software firms , getting rid of overlapping products and unnecessary overheads , but otherwise leaving them much as they were .
With the takeover of Sun , however , Oracle faces a more difficult integration .
Will it enable Mr Ellison to help himself to a big slice of the industry 's cake ?
The legislation is meant to protect consumers from excessive interest rates and penalty fees .
A vote could come as early as next Tuesday , according to a Congressional source familiar with the legislative agenda .
When the legislation was introduced Monday , there was hope a vote would occur Thursday .
Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) filed cloture on the bill Wednesday evening .
Such a move generally means a one - day waiting period on further action and Congress rarely votes on Fridays and Mondays .
President Obama strongly supports such measures and recently urged Congress to pass legislation quickly , so he could sign it into law by Memorial Day weekend .
The President Thursday will restate that call to action in a town hall meeting on credit card debt at Rio Rancho High School in Rio Rancho , NM .
( Watch it live on CNBC.com at 12:00 p.m. ET )
According to prepared remarks made available by the White House , the President believes it is " time for strong and reliable protections for our consumers .
It ’s time for reform that is built on transparency , accountability , and mutual responsibility . "
The Senate legislation , formally known , as The Credit Card Accountability , Responsibility and Disclosure Act , was authored by banking committee Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) but has since become a bipartisan effort with the backing of ranking GOP panel member Richard Shelby ( R - Ala ) .
Some 20 senators are co-sponsoring the bill
Business opposes the legislation , saying it could backfire by limiting credit at a time when the economy is already weak and mean fewer consumers qualify for credit cards .
At the same time , the White House , as well as many Democrats in Congress , expect the financial services industry to do more for consumers having accepted financial aid under the TARP .
Public opinion polls have also shown strong support for credit card reform .
Eighty percent of American households have credit cards , according to the White House , and pay about $ 15 billion in penalty fees every year .
Some of the measures in the legislation are also in new rules announced by the Federal Reserve in December 2008 but not scheduled to take effect until July 2010 .
A recent analysis by the non-profit Center for Responsible Lending found that credit card issuers are generally “ raising interest rates on a larger portion of customers than usual and increasing the number of fees they impose . ”
Dell 's been showing Ubuntu lots of love over the past few months , so it 's no real shock to see the Linux - based operating system slide on over to Dell 's hottest ( literally and figuratively ) 13 - incher .
The Studio XPS 13 can now be ordered with Ubuntu 8.10 or 7.04 right from the factory , though it seems you 'll be forced to upgrade to Jaunty Jackalope once the rig hits your doorstep .
Ah well , you wo n't find us kvetching over added options , so we 'll just pencil on a smile and raise a glass to diversity at Round Rock .
[ Thanks , Landon ]
Schools will be required to provide military opt - out forms to 9th - and 10th - grade students and to develop a plan to monitor on - campus recruiting by the armed forces , according to new guidelines announced by the city ’s Department of Education on Monday night .
The requirements , set to go into effect this fall , follow months of criticism from civil liberties groups , which had pushed to curtail recruiters ’ access after school officials decided last year to give military recruiters access to a central database of students ’ names , addresses and telephone numbers .
Previously , recruiters had been forced to go from school to school to collect students ’ data .
The new guidelines extend the requirement to include opt - out forms in orientation packets to younger high school students ; in the past , only 11th - and 12th - grade students received the forms .
The Department of Education will also add information on opting out to its instructions on their rights and to materials for students who take an armed services aptitude test .
Donna Lieberman , executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union , praised the changes , which include a requirement that principals appoint a staff member to oversee a military recruiting plan for each school .
Ms. Lieberman said that too often there was not enough oversight of the recruiters and that in some cases they were too aggressive .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday , April 20 , 2009 Monday , April 20 , 2009
As President Barack Obama approaches his first 100 days in office , the corporate media prepares a new round of fawning idolatry about the Obama administration ’s “ achievements , ” yet a summary glance at what Obama has actually done in that short time with regard to expanding the Bush police state and the Neo - Con empire is worse than even we predicted .
The day after Barack Obama was elected the 44th President of the United States in November last year , we challenged Obama supporters and the administration itself to follow through on the rhetoric of “ change ” by starting to dismantle the architecture of the Bush police state and beginning to roll back the unwieldy morass of the American empire .
Obama has done neither , and in fact his every action has been about ensuring the Bush police state remains in place , that the people who put it in place are protected from prosecution , and that the empire continues to expand .
We presented Obama and his supporters with a series of issues on which to make progress .
While we did not expect Obama to accomplish much in his first few months in office , we at least challenged the new President to take the first steps in reversing eight years of what was a de facto dictatorship and plotting the course for the “ change ” that was so consistently promised .
We asked the following questions of an Obama presidency ;
– Will Obama support Dennis Kucinich ’s efforts to bring war crimes charges against Bush , Cheney and others for deceiving the country into a war or will he protect them against such charges like Nancy Pelosi has done ?
In April 2008 , Obama promised that as President he would ask his Attorney General to “ immediately review ” potential war crimes that occurred under the Bush White House .
Obama or his Attorney General have done no such thing , and every noise they have made suggests that top Neo -Cons will be protected from deceiving America into a war .
Similarly we asked ;
– Will Obama bring war crimes charges against Bush , Cheney and others for authorizing torture and will the torture of suspects under U.S. detention , a complete violation of both the Constitution and the Geneva Conventions , cease under an Obama administration ?
As we found out last week , the answer was a resounding NO .
Upon the release of the torture memos , Obama ’s right - hand man , chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , told ABC News that top Bush administration officials “ should not be prosecuted either and that ’s not the place that we go . ”
In addition , Obama ’s statement that accompanied the release of the torture memos stated , “ In releasing these memos , it is our intention to assure those who carried out their duties relying in good faith upon legal advice from the Department of Justice that they will not be subject to prosecution . ”
So no retribution for the people who ordered the torture , and no retribution to the people who carried it out , thus setting the precedent that future administrations are free to order torture – safe in the knowledge that they will face no consequences whatsoever .
– Will Obama withdraw American troops from Iraq and Afghanistan without sending them away again to bomb another broken - backed third world country ?
The answer again is a resounding NO .
Upon taking office , Obama announced that he would be sending another 17,000 , and eventually perhaps as many as 30,000 , extra troops to Afghanistan .
Regarding Iraq , after the “ withdrawal ” of U.S. troops in 19 months , a timescale that has since been put back again , “ Mr. Obama plans to leave behind a “ residual force ” of tens of thousands of troops to continue training Iraqi security forces , hunt down foreign terrorist cells and guard American institutions , ” reported the New York Times .
In terms of bombing another broken - backed third world country , Obama has beefed the U.S. military role in Pakistan beyond that pursued by the Bush administration and “ expanded the covert war run by the Central Intelligence Agency inside Pakistan , ” according to the New York TImes , with an increase in missile attacks by drone aircraft .
Meanwhile , Obama ’s war chest demands came to a total of around $ 800 billion in war funds and subsidiary costs just to cover the rest of 2009 .
Does any of this sound like a move towards bringing the troops home and rolling back the American empire , as Obama promised before he was elected ?
– Will Obama end the warrantless secret surveillance and phone - taps of American citizens ?
You ’ll be shocked the learn that the answer was a resounding NO .
Earlier this month , “ The Obama administration formally adopted the Bush administration ’s position that the courts cannot judge the legality of the National Security Agency ’s ( NSA ’s ) warrantless wiretapping program , ” reported the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
“ President Obama promised the American people a new era of transparency , accountability , and respect for civil liberties , ” said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
“ But with the Obama Justice Department continuing the Bush administration ’s cover -up of the National Security Agency ’s dragnet surveillance of millions of Americans , and insisting that the much - publicized warrantless wiretapping program is still a ’ secret ’ that cannot be reviewed by the courts , it feels like deja vu all over again . ”
– Will Obama cease his support for the Bush - administration backed banker bailouts , hated by the majority of Americans , and target the real cause of the problem – the Federal Reserve – or will he continue to give taxpayers ’ money to banks who are merely hoarding it all for themselves ?
Obama ’s zealous push for more bailouts , along with increased power for the Federal Reserve and the implementation of global regulations that will effectively end any notion of a free market was perhaps the defining issue of his first 100 days as President .
Obama has vigorously promoted the same financial policies that were introduced by the Bush administration in its final few months .
– Will Obama repeal Patriot Acts I and II as well as reversing Bush ’s signing statement and acknowledging the repeal of the John Warner Defense Authorization Act ?
Will Obama seek to continue the militarization of America and preparations for martial law through Northcom and the secret government or will he dismantle the police state that has been constructed over the last eight years by the Bush administration ?
Despite initial rhetoric about reversing Bush ’s infamous signing statements , Obama himself stated that he will continue to use signing statements .
The Patriot Act and its additions as well as the John Warner Defense Authorization Act , both core planks of the Bush police state , remain firmly in place , with no sign of any reversal .
Regarding militarization through Northcom , weeks after Obama ’s election victory it was announced that , “ The U.S. military expects to have 20,000 uniformed troops inside the United States by 2011 trained to help state and local officials respond to a nuclear terrorist attack or other domestic catastrophe , according to Pentagon officials . ”
Militarization of law enforcement and troops being used domestically in preparation for martial law is continuing apace under the Obama administration .
– Will Obama follow through on his rhetorical support for the second amendment or will he seek to ban guns as he did in Illinois ?
Despite Obama promising that he was not interested in going after the second amendment before his election , one of his first actions was to appoint the rabidly anti-gun Eric Holder as his Attorney General .
Obama has also falsely blamed the drug war crisis in Mexico on American gun shops .
The leaked Obama gun ban list would make millions of Americans criminals for owning weapons such certain types of rifles or pistols .
Anti-gun legislation has found its way into stimulus and other unrelated bills as pork barrel .
The first steps of the Obama administration with regard to gun control have resulted in record firearm and ammunition purchases across the country .
Upon Obama ’s election we made a cynical but unfortunately accurate prediction of how the much vaunted promise of “ change ” would actually manifest itself .
The fact is that the “ change ” began and ended on the day Obama won the election .
– Illegal warrantless surveillance and wiretapping of American citizens will continue under Obama .
– Top Bush administration officials who ordered torture and those that carried it out will be protected from prosecution under Obama .
– Top Bush administration officials who deceived America into a war will be protected from prosecution under Obama .
– The expansion of the military empire through continued occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan and further military incursions into Pakistan will continue and expand under Obama .
– Banker bailouts , reckless spending , inflation of currency through overprinting and global regulations stifling the free market , all of which were initiated under Bush , will continue under Obama .
– The militarization of the United States and the architecture of the police state that was set up under Bush will be preserved and expanded under Obama .
– The attack on the second amendment right to bear arms will continue under Obama .
“ The egregious spending will continue , government will balloon in size , American soldiers will be used as cannon fodder for more interventionist wars of the military - industrial complex , U.S. citizens will continue to have their phone calls tapped and their rights curtailed , ” we forecast last year , “ and the Federal Reserve will continue to rule the financial system with an iron fist while the middle class is squeezed out of existence . ”
Who can deny that all those things have only intensified under the Obama administration ?
The honeymoon is over – Barack Obama has proven himself to be nothing more than we predicted all along – another stooge for the global banking syndicate that has controlled every U.S. president since JFK , and nothing more than a black face on the new world order – sworn to continue and intensify the same agenda that the Bush - Clinton - Bush dynasty advanced before him .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Britain's MPs are facing a summer of reckoning .
All 700,000 pages of their expense claims are going to be published in July .
It 's an investigative journalist 's dream - reams of fodder to mock and hound the political establishment .
Many of the revelations will be relatively minor , but taken together they are significant .
Last year I began publishing my expense claims voluntarily .
People wrote to me asking questions about individual domestic items .
Quite right too - it 's their money I 'm spending .
With this process under way , Westminster is now awash with rumours that some serious misdemeanours may also come to light .
Whatever happens , the drip - drip effect will hit all political parties very hard ; although many of the accusations will be unfair ( most of what MPs claim is absorbed by staffing costs ) , the impression that we are milking the system will stick .
So what can be done ?
Some people have suggested that the only solution is a dramatic increase in MPs ' pay .
I disagree .
It may be odd that local government chief executives and senior Whitehall civil servants are paid so much more than MPs .
But for parliament to be accountable to the public it serves , MPs should not seek to join the upper ranks of pen-pushing fat cats .
We 're already paid far more than public service workers who make the real , practical difference : the teachers , nurses , social workers and carers who get by on so much less .
A better solution , and one I have proposed to Gordon Brown and David Cameron , is that we simply stop MPs from using taxpayers ' funds to buy second homes ; establish a more transparent allowance for rental , utility and council tax costs instead ; and remove any remaining opportunity for MPs to decide on their own salaries .
But sorting out MPs ' pay and expenses is only part of the challenge .
The bigger test comes from the admission that today 's scandals lift the lid on a political system in crisis .
Expense abuses are symptomatic of a politics that has become opaque , insular and far removed from the people it is meant to serve .
We now have a once - in - a - generation chance to answer the public mood for a different kind of politics , and fix these bigger failings .
Britain is governed by a clique that secured barely 22 % of the eligible vote at the last election .
No other mature democracy anywhere in the world hands such unlimited power to so few people on such a threadbare democratic mandate .
And the best our neutered legislature can do is yelp at the heels of its executive master .
In 11 years the government has been defeated in votes by MPs just four times .
From dominating the parliamentary agenda to hiding bad news in a volley of announcements , our government wields extraordinary control .
Take the budget .
In exactly one week Brown and Alistair Darling will unveil a crucial budget at a time of acute economic crisis .
Over the coming days , they will leak a barrage of carefully selected titbits to various parts of the media .
On budget day itself they will produce hundreds of pages of statistics , many of which will seek to obscure the true picture of the government 's finances .
At a time when thousands of people are losing their jobs and small businesses are folding every day , a real democracy would use such an occasion for genuine debate based on real facts that we have all been given time to absorb .
Not in Westminster .
This is a time for " political theatre " orchestrated to flatter the government and flatten opposition .
No wonder such a bankrupt political culture produces the sordid spectacle of swaggering confidantes to the prime minister trying to smear opponents .
This says as much about the arrogance of unchallenged power in No 10 as it does about the questionable judgment of Brown .
Ignoring the growing resentment towards politicians is dangerous .
I hear it in the public meetings I hold around the country : people want to give mainstream politicians a kicking .
And if history teaches us one thing , it is that economic turmoil breeds political anger , frustration and extremism .
And there are populists now poised to exploit the widespread feeling of powerlessness in this summer 's European elections .
Change is difficult when the two establishment parties have every reason to keep the system stitched up between them .
As long as they believe that they 'll have a turn at the wheel , they have no interest in opening up our politics to real change , real democracy .
But we 've got to do something different .
And that should begin with urgent reform to the lamentable system of MPs ' pay and expenses .
But then it must go much further .
We must reform politics itself .
• Nick Clegg is the Liberal Democrat leader
cleggn@parliament.uk
This is my new hero .
I 've never seen such a happy guy in my life .
For a man with no teeth , a horrible death wheeze of a voice , and the complexion of Beetlejuice , I am amazed that he can be this jovial .
Though only in office for a few weeks , Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has dramatically redefined Israel ’s official foreign policy on a number of fronts .
His first major act was to declare the stalled peace talks with the Palestinians dead , sparking both international and domestic outrage .
In his first media interview he announced that he was replacing Iran as Israel ’s worst threat , bestowing that honor on Pakistan , and declared that the United States would accept any decision the Israeli government made on the peace process .
Now , having dispatched of Iran ’s position as Israel ’s gravest threat , Lieberman surprised even further by declaring that Israel would not attack Iran , even if international sanctions fail to convince Iran to abandon its civilian nuclear program .
Virtually the centerpiece of Israel ’s foreign policy for the last several years has been its nearly weekly suggestions that they may attack Iran in the near future .
Abandoning this policy would be a major change for Israel , and shocking coming from the hawkish Lieberman , whose previous cabinet position as Minister of Strategic Affairs was created specifically to coordinate military , intelligence and diplomatic initiatives against Iran .
Not that the foreign minister objects to the idea of attacking Iran .
Instead , while he supports “ severe sanctions , very severe sanctions , ” and “ harsher and more effective sanctions ” at the moment , he said Israel should not be expected to “ resolve militarily the entire world ’s problem , ” instead suggesting that “ the United States , as the largest power in the world , take responsibility . ”
Reader
Ace writes in with a nifty customization that will set your Mac apart from the rest .
Advertisement
Update : Added instructions to back up the default background image first ( tx InspectorXGadget ) and undo the operation , plus see a safer , preference - based method below .
Customize Your Mac's Logon Screen Reader
Ace writes in with a nifty customization that will set your Mac apart from the rest .
Read more
Advertisement
Find a desktop wallpaper image ( Social Wallpapering 's a good bet ) , save it to your desktop as background. jpg , and in the Terminal enter :
sudo mv / System / Library / CoreServices/DefaultDesktop.jpg /System/Library/CoreServices/DefaultDesktop.jpg.old
You 'll have to enter your password to complete the operation .
Then , in your Desktop directory in the Terminal , type :
Advertisement
sudo cp background.jpg /System/Library/CoreServices/DefaultDesktop.jpg
Now , next time you log off , your logon screen will have your new custom background .
Slick .
Thanks ,
Ace !
To undo the operation , in the Terminal , type :
Advertisement
sudo cp / System / Library / CoreServices/DefaultDesktop.jpg.old /System/Library/CoreServices/DefaultDesktop.jpg
Update : Mac sysadmin Delfuego says that you should n't ever manually mess around in the / System / directory at all ; a safer , non-command line alternative might be this application , which can set your logon screen to match your desktop wallpaper .
( Thanks , Marc. )
Alternately , you can modify your logon background by changing a preference versus overwriting the file .
Here 's the command :
Customize Your Mac's Logon Screen Reader
Ace writes in with a nifty customization that will set your Mac apart from the rest .
Read more
Advertisement
sudo defaults write / Library / Preferences/com.apple.loginwindow DesktopPicture " / Library / Desktop Pictures / Aqua Blue.jpg "
Substitute " / Library / Desktop Pictures / Aqua Blue.jpg " with the path to the picture you want to use .
This technique works in both Leopard and Tiger .
Australian library workers uncover original Schindler 's list
Oskar Schindler saved 801 Jewish people from the Nazi death camps
A list of Jewish people saved by Oskar Schindler that inspired the novel and Oscar - winning film has been found in a Sydney library .
The list , which contains the names of 801 Jews saved in the Holocaust by the businessman , was found in a box belonging to author Thomas Keneally .
The list was among the author 's manuscript materials which he used to create the book Schindler 's Ark .
Keneally 's book went on to become a major motion picture , Schindler 's List , starring Liam Neeson as Schindler and Ralph Fiennes as the head of an SS - run camp
The 13 - page list , a carbon typescript copy of the original , was found between research notes and German newspaper clippings .
Library co-curator Olwen Pryke said the document was ' one of the most powerful documents of the 20th Century and a moving peice of history . '
' This list was hurriedly typed on April 18 , 1945 , in the closing days of WWII , and it saved 801 men from the gas chambers , ' she said .
Schindler ran a factory in Krakow , Poland , during World War Two and relied on Jewish labour .
He became appalled at the German treatment of Jews after witnessing a 1942 raid on a Jewish getto and used his position in the Nazi party to persuade officials that his workers were vital to the war effort , saving them from the gas chambers .
Author Thomas Keneally used the list to write Schindler 's Ark , which formed the basis of the Oscar - winning film Schindler 's List starring Ralph Fiennes
Ms Pryke said neither the library nor the book dealer , from whom it bought the six boxes of material in 1996 , realised the list was among the documents .
Mr Keneally wrote Schindler 's Ark after Jewish worker Leopold Pfefferberg handed him the list of names thirty years ago .
Schindler who was born in Movaria , then part of Austria - Hungry but now in the Czech Republic and died in 1974 .
In 1963 , he was honoured as one of the Righteous Among Nations at Israel 's Yad Vashem memorial , for his efforts in saving the lives of Jews during the holocaust .
It was during the 1942 raid on a Jewish ghetto , captured during this movie scene , that prompted Schindler to create his list
Anyone who calls this anything other than religious fundamentalist terrorism is n’t telling you the whole truth :
George Tiller , the Wichita doctor who became a national lightning rod in the debate over abortion , was shot to death this morning as he walked into church services .
Tiller , 67 , was shot just after 10 a.m. at Reformation Lutheran Church at 7601 E. 13th , where he was a member of the congregation .
Witnesses and a police source confirmed Tiller was the victim …
Tiller has long been a focal point of protest by abortion opponents because his clinic , Women ’s Health Care Services at 5701 E. Kellogg , is one of the few in the country where late - term abortions are performed .
Protesters blockaded Tiller ’s clinic during Operation Rescue ’s “ Summer of Mercy ” protests during the summer of 1991 , and Tiller was shot by Rachelle Shannon at his clinic in 1993 .
Tiller was wounded in both arms , and Shannon remains in prison for the shooting .
Tiller ’s clinic was severely vandalized earlier this month .
According to the Associated Press , his lawyer said wires to security cameras and outdoor lights were cut and that the vandals also cut through the roof and plugged the buildings ’ downspouts .
Rain poured through the roof and caused thousands of dollars of damage in the clinic .
Tiller reportedly asked the FBI to investigate the incident .
Andrew Sullivan reminds us of Bill O’Reilly ’s role in whipping up far - right hatred against Dr. Tiller :
On Friday , November 3 , 2006 , Bill O’Reilly featured an exclusive segment on his show , The O’Reilly Factor , saying that he has an “ inside source ” with official clinic documentation indicating that George Tiller performs late - term abortions to alleviate “ temporary depression ” in the pregnant woman .
According to reporting data provided to the Kansas Board of Healing Arts for the year 1998 , all of the post-viable partial - birth ( dilation and extraction ) abortion procedures performed in Kansas during that year were performed because “ the attending physician believe [ d ] that continuing the pregnancy [ would ] constitute a substantial and irreversible impairment of the patient ’s mental function . ”
Tiller responded to O’Reilly ’s statements by demanding an investigation into the “ inside source ” through which the information was leaked , suggesting that Phil Kline , then the Kansas Attorney General , was responsible .
Kline denied the charge .
Yet again , an unhinged member of a religious fundamentalist group kills a person with which they disagree with the aim of terrorizing a country into agreeing with their fundamentalist beliefs .
This time , however , it happened not in some far - away country in the Middle East but right here at home .
One wonders if the anti-abortion crowd is going to go on the same wink - and - nod campaign like they did after the last abortion doctor was murdered by fundamentalist zealots ( remember Ann Coulter ? ) .
With reactions like this from conservative blogger Rick Moore , I think that ’s a pretty good assumption :
Controversial Kansas abortion Dr. George Tiller was shot and killed this morning as he entered church services .
That ’s what you call a really late term abortion .
The comments section on this topic over at the ultraconservative website Free Republic * are also pretty revealing :
“ It ’s too bad the suspect did n’t poke a roto rooter through his skull and then suck him into a vacuum cleaner instead of just shooting the bastard . ”
“ No doubt this ‘ man ’ is responsible for thousands , maybe tens - of - thousands of needless and wanton deaths .
If you think his ‘ passing ’ is a bad thing in the cause of speaking out and ending the practice of abortion , I do n’t know what to tell you .
I can only say that I shall not mourn his demise , nor shall I judge others . ”
“ Sounds like a post - birth abortion to me . ”
If you ’re interested in reading some of my thoughts on the re-emergent phenomena of domestic right - wing violence , check out my article The Chilling Rise of Right - Wing Hate in America .
Update : Political Carnival highlights an eerie coincidence .
Today is the sixth anniversary of the capture of radical anti-abortion terrorist and Olympic Park Bomber Eric Rudolph .
Update 2 : Matt Yglesias makes a good , yet chilling , point :
Random murder of civilians in order to coerce political concessions does n’t have a great track - record .
But direct action terrorist violence against abortion providers has , I think , proven to be a fairly successful tactic .
Every time you murder a doctor , you create a disincentive for other medical professionals to provide these services .
What ’s more , you create a need for additional security at facilities around the country .
In addition , the anti-abortion protestors who frequently gather near clinics are made to seem much more intimidating by the fact that the occurrence of these sorts of acts of violence .
In general , I think people tend to overestimate the efficacy of violence as a political tactic .
But in this particular case , I think people tend to understate it .
* This blog has a policy of not linking to Free Republic .
Major General Smedley Butler
Infowars
April 18 , 2009
In addition to his military career , Smedley Butler was noted for his outspoken anti-interventionist views , and his book War is a Racket .
His book was one of the first works describing the workings of the military - industrial complex and after retiring from service , he became a popular speaker at meetings organized by veterans , pacifists and church groups in the 1930s .
[ efoods ]
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The public health community has been sounding the alarm for years about the overuse of antibiotics and the emergence of “ superbugs ”  bacteria that have developed immunity to a wide number of antibiotics .
But the C. difficile problem shows that the threat is not generalized or hypothetical , but immediate and personal .
“ One of the things that we counsel consumers about is to make sure that an antibiotic is really necessary , ” said Dr. Dale N. Gerding , an infectious disease specialist at the Stritch School of Medicine at Loyola University in Chicago .
“ There are many good reasons for taking an antibiotic , but an illness like sinusitis or bronchitis winds up being treated with antibiotics even though it will go away by itself anyway . ”
Even appropriate use of antibiotics can put a person at risk .
Dr. Gerding said his own adult son came down with a C. difficile infection after taking antibiotics for tonsillitis .
The typical treatment for C. difficile is another course of antibiotics , typically the drug vancomycin .
But the situation can quickly turn tragic .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has reported on several cases of pregnant and postpartum women who developed life - threatening C. difficile infections after being treated for minor infections .
In some instances , a C. difficile infection can be treated only by emergency surgery to remove the patient ’s colon .
Doctors say many patients report that they continue to suffer from regular bouts of diarrhea even after the infection is gone .
About 20 percent of patients with the infection suffer a relapse , and C. difficile support groups have emerged on the Internet .
In the case of the Mitchell family , Mr. Mitchell had been taking antibiotics for another health problem , and the treatment apparently led to his C. difficile infection .
Mrs. Mitchell probably contracted the illness from her husband .
The spores from C. difficile are hardy , and contaminated surfaces must be scrubbed down with bleach to eradicate the germ .
Doctors say Mrs. Mitchell ’s illness is unusual because most people are protected by their own bacterial flora and would n’t be vulnerable to C. difficile if they had not been taking antibiotics , even after close exposure .
The risk of contracting C. difficile outside the health care setting remains low , at about 7 cases per 100,000 people , studies show .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A coalition of progressive groups sought Monday to have 12 Bush administration lawyers disbarred for their roles in crafting the legal rationale for so - called enhanced interrogation techniques that many view as torture .
Alberto Gonzales is among the former attorneys general named in the complaints .
" It is time to hold these lawyers accountable for violating their legal oath , " Kevin Zeese , an attorney for the coalition , said in a written statement .
" Just as the bar would suspend an attorney who advised a police officer to torture and brutalize a detained immigrant or criminal defendant , the bar must suspend these attorneys for advocating and causing the torture of war detainees .
The disciplinary boards that hear these complaints must act or they will be seen as complicit in the use of torture . "
Zeese called disbarment " an important step toward the ultimate accountability of criminal prosecution . "
The group registered formal complaints against David Addington , John Ashcroft , Stephen Bradbury , Jay Bybee , Michael Chertoff , Douglas Feith , Alice Fisher , Timothy Flanigan , Alberto Gonzales , William Haynes II , Michael Mukasey and John Yoo .
Ashcroft , Gonzales and Mukasey served as attorney general in former President George W. Bush 's administration .
Chertoff served as homeland security secretary .
The complaints , filed with the bars in California , the District of Columbia , New York , Pennsylvania and Texas , also seek other forms of disciplinary action in addition to disbarment .
A preliminary internal report on the Justice Department investigation into the authors of the Bush administration 's " torture memos " indicated that the federal government might also urge state bar associations to take sanctions against the memo writers , according to two government sources .
The draft , which has been sent to Attorney General Eric Holder for approval or revisions , reportedly does not call for criminal prosecutions .
Sources said investigators for the Justice Department 's ethics unit , the Office of Professional Responsibility , have focused heavily on internal communications involving Bradbury , Bybee and Yoo .
The three former Office of Legal Counsel lawyers were top officials who provided legal guidance , including permissible interrogation procedures to the CIA and other executive branch agencies .
Guidance written by Bybee and Yoo in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks allowed for harsh interrogation techniques that later were withdrawn .
The draft report is said to be critical of Yoo and Bybee in particular .
All About George W. Bush • U.S. Department of Justice
The new mind - reading device shows letters on a screen that flash one at a time .
When the user thinks of a letter , and then that letter finally flashes , brain waves send a signal to the computer that it recognizes as , " Hey , choose that letter . "
It is slow , but it works for crafting short messages such as tweets for Twitter .
Twitter messages are so short — a 140 - character limit — that you have to really think about what you want to say .
For Adam Wilson , thinking is all he has to do .
Earlier this month , Wilson thought of a tweet ( the name for a post to the social networking site ) and poof , his computer read his mind and sent the darn thing .
At just 23 characters , Wilson 's message , " using EEG to send tweet , " was done with a computer setup that interprets brain waves .
The technology could one day help patients who otherwise can't communicate finally talk to the outside world .
Among them are people with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) , brain - stem stroke or high spinal cord injury .
Story continues below .
Watch how it works :
{{ video = " LS_090423 - brain - twit " title= " Brain Interface Creates Twitter Messages " caption = " University of Wisconsin - Madison biomedical engineering doctoral student Adam Wilson creates Twitter messages using brain waves .
Credit : UW - Madison "
}}
Step forward
Other mind - reading devices have been developed recently .
Other research has suggested brain activity could be monitored before decisions are made , perhaps with a mind - reading hat that would predict what we 'll do .
One shines near - infrared light into the noggin to glean thoughts .
And some brain - computer interface systems employ an electrode - studded cap wired to a computer to detect electrical signals in the brain and translate them into physical actions , such as moving a cursor on a screen .
Wilson and his colleagues wanted more .
" We started thinking that moving a cursor on a screen is a good scientific exercise , " said Justin Williams , a University of Wisconsin - Madison assistant professor of biomedical engineering and Wilson 's adviser .
" But when we talk to people who have locked - in syndrome or a spinal - cord injury , their No. 1 concern is communication . "
In collaboration with research Gerwin Schalk and colleagues at the Wadsworth Center in Albany , N.Y. , Williams and Wilson developed an interface that involves a keyboard displayed on a computer screen .
Here 's how it works :
" All the letters come up , and each one of them flashes individually , " Williams explained .
" And what your brain does is , if you 're looking at the ' R ' on the screen and all the other letters are flashing , nothing happens .
But when the ' R ' flashes , your brain says , ' Hey , wait a minute .
Something 's different about what I was just paying attention to . '
And you see a momentary change in brain activity . "
Like texting
Wilson , who used the interface to post the Twitter update , likens it to texting on a cell phone .
" You have to press a button four times to get the character you want , " he said of texting .
" So this is kind of a slow process at first . "
However , as with texting , users improve as they practice using the interface .
" I 've seen people do up to eight characters per minute , " Wilson said .
The micro-blogging Twitter site , with its basis in very short messages , fits locked - in users ' capabilities , Williams said .
Tweets are displayed on a user 's profile page and delivered to other Twitter users who have signed up to receive them .
" So someone could simply tell family and friends how they 're feeling today , " Williams said .
" People at the other end can be following their thread and never know that the person is disabled .
That would really be an enabling type of communication means for those people , and I think it would make them feel , in the online world , that they 're not that much different from everybody else .
That 's why we did these things . "
Funding for the project came from the university , the National Institutes of Health and the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation .
The biggest ( and smallest ) and baddest ( and cutest ) mammals went on display Saturday in the new " Extreme Mammals " exhibit at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City .
Stretching across the globe and back 70 million years , the exhibit provides an exciting overview of the diversity of the sweaty , hairy , nursing class of animals to which humans belong .
If you 're in NYC , you can catch the exhibit through January 3 , 2010 .
Or you can check out some of the specimens in this photo gallery of extreme mammals .
The image above is Indricotherium , the largest land mammal ever discovered .
An adult could weigh 20 tons , more than a family of African elephants .
It lived in the forests of central Asia about 30 million years ago , but died out as those forests turned into grassland .
As you might surmise , its closest living relative is the rhinoceros .
( Photo credit : D. Finnin / American Museum of Natural History . )
The Proboscis monkey ( Nasalis gerardis ) is nature 's Pinnocchio .
A male 's nose can grow to 7 inches long .
This extended sniffer is believed to attract the lady monkeys .
( Credit : AMNH / D. Finnin )
Petaurus breviceps ) .
While the other exhibits feature models , six real , live sugar gliders will be on display .
These tiny marsupials can jump for extended distances by using their skin like a parachute .
( Credit : AMNH / D. Finnin . )
Spectacled bear ( Tremarctos ornatus ) .
Spectacled bears weigh less than a pound when they are born , but grow into 300 - pound adults .
They also have pretty faces . "
Tasmanian devil skeleton ( Sarcophilus harrisii )
You knew that Tasmanian devils were among the more badass mammals on name alone , but it turns out they have the strongest bite - force of any mammal under a foot tall .
( Credit : AMNH / R. Mickens )
Continued from Page 1
Cynognathus skull fossil ( Cynognathus crateronotus ) .
This mammalian relative lived more than 250 million years ago .
Its original scientific name meant " dog jaw " in honor of the canine way its teeth worked .
( Credit : AMNH / R. Mickens )
Chinese pangolin ( Manis pentadactyla ) .
The pangolin is covered with scales made from keratin , the same stuff that makes up your fingernails .
If you scare them , they turn into a ball of blades while spraying you with jets of skunk - like liquid .
In other words , if you see one in Asia , steer clear .
( Credit : AMNH / D. Finnin )
No list of strange mammals would be complete without the platypus .
Not only do they look strange , but they do n't give birth to live young like other mammals — they lay eggs .
Another strange fact : Platypuses produce milk but do n't have nipples , so it oozes out onto patches of their skin where the babies can access its nutrients .
( Credit : AMNH / R. Mickens )
This odd - looking mammal has a camel - like body and a long giraffe - like neck and a flexible elephant - like trunk .
Sadly , it 's no longer around to poke fun at .
The South American animal went extinct 10,000 years ago .
( Credit : AMNH / D. Finnin )
Glyptodont ( Glyptotherium floridanum ) .
Behold the enormous ancient relative of the armadillo .
These herbivores could grow up to 10 feet long and were covered with thick armor .
( Credit : AMNH / D. Finnin )
Update 6:45 AM : Corrected the location of Museum .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and book site for The History of Our Future ; Wired Science on Facebook .
I 've only been using RSpec in anger for a short period of time but I 'm in love with it already .
It 's support for BDD is fantastic .
I 'm now looking forward to the proper release of IronRuby even more than I was before .
I 've only written a single class so far , but I 'm delighted with the way the tests look so I thought I 'd share them :
require File .expand_path ( File .dirname ( __FILE__ ) + ' /../spec_helper ' )
describe " setting a person 's password " do
given do
@person = Person .new
end
because do
@person .set_password " testing "
end
it " sets their password salt " do
@person .password_salt.should_not be_nil
end
it " sets their password hash " do
@person .password_hash.should_not be_nil
end
end
context " when someone has been saved " do
given do
@person = Person .new ( : name => " tester " )
@person .set_password " testing "
@person .save
end
describe " providing their credentials " do
because do
@retrieved = Person .with_credentials ( : name => " tester " , : password => " testing " )
end
it " retrieves the expected person " do
@retrieved . should == @person
end
end
describe " providing the wrong password " do
it_raises " an error informing the password is incorrect " , " Incorrect password " do
Person .with_credentials ( : name => " tester " , : password => " wrong " )
end
end
end
describe " providing credentials for someone who does not exist " do
it_raises " an error informing the name is unknown " , " Unknown name " do
Person .with_credentials ( : name => " tester " , : password => " unsaved " )
end
end
The output when you run the tests looks like :
~$ rake spec:doc
( in /home / garry / code/rails / tinytweet )
setting a person 's password
- sets their password salt
- sets their password hash
when someone has been saved providing their credentials
- retrieves the expected person
when someone has been saved providing the wrong password
- raises an error informing the password is incorrect
providing credentials for someone who does not exist
- raises an error informing the name is unknown
For those of you familiar with RSpec , you may notice that I 'm not using the standard syntax .
" given " and " because " are just aliases for " before " .
I 've done this because I like the given / when / then style of tests but as " when " is a Ruby keyword and " it " helps you name the assertions properly for the docs it has become given / because / it .
I 've also added an extra method " it_raises " as I found the way of testing that an error is raised rather clunky so I hid the nuts and bolts of it within my spec_helper.rb :
def it_raises ( description , error_message )
it " raises " + description do
lambda { yield }.should raise_error error_message
end
end
No doubt I 'll have more to share as my journey with Rails and RSpec continues .
Illustration by Claudio Munoz
NO ONE who lent money to General Motors ( GM ) or Chrysler can have been unaware of their dire finances .
Nor can workers have failed to notice their employers ' precarious futures .
These were firms that barely stayed afloat in the boom and both creditors and employees were taking a punt on their promise to pay debts and generous health - care benefits .
The bet has failed .
The recession has tipped both firms into the abyss — together they lost $ 48 billion last year .
Chrysler has entered bankruptcy , from which it may emerge under Fiat 's control ( see article ) .
GM could soon follow if efforts to hammer out a voluntary restructuring fail .
America 's government , keen to protect workers , is providing taxpayers ' cash to keep the lights on at both firms .
But in its haste it has vilified creditors and ridden roughshod over their legitimate claims over the carmakers ' assets .
At a time when many businesses must raise new borrowing to survive , that is a big mistake .
Bankruptcies involve dividing a shrunken pie .
But not all claims are equal : some lenders provide cheaper funds to firms in return for a more secure claim over the assets should things go wrong .
They rank above other stakeholders , including shareholders and employees .
This principle is now being trashed .
On April 30th , after the failure of negotiations , Chrysler entered Chapter 11 .
Under the proposed scheme , secured creditors owed some $ 7 billion will recover 28 cents per dollar .
Yet an employee health - care trust , operated at arm 's length by the United Auto Workers union , which ranks lower down the capital structure , will receive 43 cents on its $ 11 billion - odd of claims , as well as a majority stake in the restructured firm .
The many creditors who have acquiesced include banks that themselves rely on the government 's purse .
The objectors have been denounced as “ speculators ” by Barack Obama .
The judge overseeing the case has consented to a quick , “ prepackaged ” bankruptcy , which seems to give little scope for creditors to argue their case or pursue the alternative of liquidating the company 's assets .
In effect Chrysler and the government have overridden the legal pecking order to put workers ' health - care benefits above more senior creditors ' claims , and then successfully argued in court that the alternative would be so much worse for creditors that it cannot be seriously considered .
The Treasury has also put a gun to the heads of GM 's lenders .
Unsecured creditors owed about $ 27 billion are being asked to accept a recovery rate of 5 cents , says Barclays Capital , whereas the health - care trust , which ranks equal to them , gets 50 cents as well as a big stake in the restructured firm .
If creditors refuse to co-operate , the government will probably seek to squash them using the same fast - track legal process .
Chapter and verse
The collapse of Detroit 's giants is a tragedy , affecting tens of thousands of current and former workers .
But the best way to offer them support is directly , not by gerrymandering the rules .
The investors in these firms are easily portrayed as vultures , but many are entrusted with the savings of ordinary people , and in any case all have a legal claim that entitles them to due process .
In a crisis it is easy to put politics first , but if lenders fear their rights will be abused , other firms will find it more expensive to borrow , especially if they have unionised workforces that are seen to be friendly with the government .
It may be too late for Chrysler 's secured creditors and if GM 's lenders cannot reach a voluntary agreement , they may face a similar fate .
That would establish a terrible precedent .
Bankruptcy exists to sort legal claims on assets .
If it becomes a tool of social policy , who will then lend to struggling firms in which the government has a political interest ?
Miami Area Residents Fearful After More Than Two Dozen Cats Found Mutilated Police are searching for leads in gruesome killings of more than 2 dozen cats .
May 27 , 2009  --
When Miss Kitty did n't show up for breakfast one morning this month , her owner knew something was wrong with the 2 - year - old stray cat they 'd come to care for as a pet .
But when Thomas Shad went looking for the cat , he was n't prepared for what he found .
" Her head was smashed in .
Her head was crushed , " he told ABCNews.com .
" And her back legs were skinned . "
Miss Kitty 's gruesome killing was just one of the more than two dozen horrific cat deaths that have upset residents in neighboring upscale Miami - area towns in the last month .
While mourning the loss of their pets , many of which were considered members of the family , some wonder if humans will be the next target .
" It 's just heartbreaking to hear every day about another one , " Thomas Shad 's wife , Mary Lou Shad , said .
" I 'm concerned he 's going to start escalating up to children and old ladies . "
The Shads , who have two indoor cats that have not been harmed , began caring for Miss Kitty about a year and a half ago when the then - feral kitten started coming to their Cutler Bay house .
And trapping Miss Kitty to spay her , the black cat lived outdoors on their property as the Shads worked to turn her into a house cat .
Now , Thomas Shad said , their other two cats are even allowed in the screened - in porch unless her or his wife are out there with them .
There have been about 10 cats killed in his neighborhood alone , he said , including his neighbor 's the same night as Miss Kitty 's death .
All , he said , were mutilated or beaten in some way , some skinned and others gutted .
It 's caused a great deal of fear and paranoia , according to Mary Lou Shad .
" When I 'm driving I 'm looking for dead cats , " she said .
" I do n't need to live like this . "
Miami-Dade Police Det. Robert Williams told ABCNews.com that the killings began in early April .
" It 's very disconcerting , " he said .
" You have an individual or individuals out there who are attacking defenseless animals . "
Looking for Suspects as Cat Deaths Mount
Williams said police are still unsure whether the killings were committed by one or two people , kids or adults or even if they live in the area .
A reward of up to $ 3,500 for information has been offered by Miami - Dade Crime Stoppers .
" We 're hoping someone 's going to come forward , " Williams said , even if they only have a small detail that can help break the case .
Anyone convicted of these crimes would face animal cruelty charges , which carry sentences of at least one year in prison .
While the killings started in Cutler Bay , the most recent deaths have been in neighboring Palmetto Bay .
That 's where the Gleason family is mourning the loss of their cat Tommy , who was found in their front yard Monday morning .
Donna Gleason said Tommy appeared on their doorstep a year and a half ago , shortly after they decided to get a cat for their young daughter .
Tommy was just what they were looking for – good with both kids and dogs .
Tommy would sleep in and around the house during the day , Gleason said , and roam the neighborhood at night always making it back in time for breakfast and to play with her daughter , now 6 years old .
On Monday morning , as her husband Ron Gleason worked in the garage , a neighbor came over to tell him that Tommy was dead in the Gleason 's front yard .
" His stomach was ripped open , " his intestines were on the lawn and he 's been partially skinned , Donna Gleason said .
" I did n't see it .
I did n't want to see it . "
The Gleasons , having heard about the rash of cat killings , called the police who sent three detectives out to take photographs and collect Tommy 's body .
They 've told their daughter that Tommy was killed by another animal .
" She does n't need to know there are evil people like that in the world , " Donna Gleason said .
" It 's hard enough for me to deal with . "
Keeping Cats Safe
The killings are so shocking , Gleason said , not only for their brutal nature , but because the two towns do n't see a lot of crime .
" You do n't know what someone like that is going to do , " she said , adding that her husband has taken it upon himself to patrol the neighborhood when he leaves for work early each morning .
" Studies have shown that there is a connection between animal cruelty and then human violence , " said Laurie Hoffman , spokeswoman for the Humane Society of Greater Miami Adopt - a - Pet .
" It 's a scary situation . "
Hoffman said they 've been working with the county to distribute information on keeping cats safe since they have a clinic located in Cutler Bay .
The best thing cat owners can do is keep them indoors , Hoffman said .
She also recommended keeping outdoor lights on at night and reporting even the slightest suspicion to police .
Anyone with information is asked to call the Miami - Dade Crime Stoppers at 1-305-471-TIPS .
Enlarge Courtesy of YouTube
A video posted by a Mexican cartel shows a hit list of those targeted .
" Quitapuercos " roughly translates to " removal of pigs . "
The sheet of paper is usually left near a victim .
The violence among Mexican drug cartels is not filling just the streets of Mexican border towns :
It 's also spilling into gruesome online videos and chat rooms .
The videos on YouTube and Mexican - based sites are polished — professional singers croon about cartel leaders while images of murdered victims fade one into the next .
In the comment area , those loyal to the opposing cartels trade insults and threats .
Such videos are used to intimidate enemies and recruit members by touting " virtues " of cartel leaders , says Scott Stewart , vice president of tactical intelligence for Stratfor , a Texas - based global - intelligence company .
Howard Campbell , an anthropologist at the University of Texas - El Paso who studies border issues , says the videos also signal how the cartels have evolved from pure moneymaking ventures to sophisticated groups with political agendas .
One YouTube video sympathetic to the Sinaloa Cartel opens with white lettering : " This is what happens to all my enemies . "
A singer launches into an up - tempo song against a montage of images : slain police officers , bullet - ridden police cruisers , shell casings , crumpled bodies .
Victoria Grand , head of policy for YouTube , says company officials have seen the cartel videos on their website but would not comment on specific videos .
She says YouTube does remove graphic , violent video if other users flag it as offensive and it lacks documentary or educational purposes .
" If the video is clearly violent and the purpose is to shock or disgust , we will remove it , " she says .
YouTube officials have alerted law enforcement agencies to criminal activity posted on the site , she says .
The cartel videos emerged in 2005 , soon after videos of foreigners being beheaded in Iraq appeared on insurgent websites , says Kent Paterson , editor of Frontera NorteSur , a New Mexico - based online news service , who follows the videos .
Early efforts showed prisoners bound and blindfolded , surrounded by armed guards .
A declaration was read and the prisoner was executed , often by beheading — mirroring the jihadist videos emerging from Iraq , Paterson says .
These were removed from sites such as YouTube .
The cartels gradually replaced them with more sophisticated , better - produced efforts , Paterson says .
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration monitors the videos for clues about the cartels and potential use as evidence in prosecutions , says Garrison Courtney , a DEA spokesman .
" It 's really changed … how we target the cartels , " he says .
The cartels " absolutely " post videos and have an online presence , he says , though some followers or imposters also post on their behalf .
President Obama and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano have pledged to help stop the violence .
Mexico 's government says cartel violence killed 6,290 people across Mexico last year and more than 1,000 in the first eight weeks of 2009 .
Mexican officials study the videos and chats for hints about future killings , says Sergio Belmonte Almeida , a spokesman for Ciudad Juarez , on the border at the center of the violence .
In December , a member of the powerful Juarez Cartel entered a Mexican - based chat room and sparred with someone defending a rival cartel , Almeida says .
" Wait for the little gift we 're going to leave for you tomorrow morning , " the Juarez Cartel chatter warned , Almeida says .
The next day , he says , two decapitated heads were found in a large cooking pot outside Juarez .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Tech / Help
SMS 570 and SMS 570X : Dodge Challengers Plus
For 2009 , the SMS 570 Challenger has new working “ red butterfly ” intakes , throttle - controlled .
Steve joked that you do n’t have to street race any more , just reve the engine , the butterflies open , and they back down .
The Steve Saleen - modified Challenger has carbon fiber side skirts with rear brake intakes , front splitter with brake and heat exchanger intakes , and rear diffuser ( that ’s carbon fiber , not “ carbon fiber style . ” )
A six speed manual transmission is used ; the final drive ratio is 3.92:1 .
There are custom aero and interior treatments , a boost gauge pod in the dash , GTX style grille , and black taillight surround .
Five hundred will be available — from Dodge dealers .
The SMS 570X Challenger has just been introduced ; it has new heads , a new driveline and transmission , and a new radiator ; only the block is the same .
The Hemi has been enlarged to 6.0 liters , using the same supercharger as the 570 ; bigger tires and wheels are fitted , which required cutting the fenders and adding flares .
The result is a 700 horsepower engine with 650 lb- ft of torque .
The new supercharger is a custom design , also available on the aftermarket , worked on with Lysom with six integrated intercoolers .
Just 150 of these will be available from Dodge dealers .
Thanks to Jeremy
White for covering the 570X launch .
The SMS 296 supercharger kit shown below is available as an aftermarket package .
It includes a compressor module by Lysholm® , Six -Pack™ intercooler system , internal bypass , water pump , dual - pass heat exchanger , runners , compressor crank and drive pulleys , damper , tensioner , induction system , aluminum oil filler and cap , OBDII compliant program tool , and fasteners .
Options include a 100 mm throttle body , high - flue injectors , and case runner caps in custom finishes .
( SMS Supercars )
Further aiding DIY customers is the 8 - Rib SMS Power - Drive™ system with reliability , strength and power upgrades in mind .
The system comprises the SMS Max - Drive™ compressor crank pulley mated to an SFI approved 2 % under - drive damper , an optimized compressor drive pulley and an automatic tensioner pulley to deliver consistent belt torque and tension while reducing NVH in the compressor system .
The upgrade path is simplified with one of the optional SMS compressor drive pulleys varying in 5 mm incremental sizes .
Highlighting the feature list of the SMS 296 Supercharger ™ System is the LYS32M3 compressor module by Lysholm® for SMS , which in this configuration puts out 3.2 cubic meters of air per minute .
The SMS Six -Pack™ Intercooler System ( patent pending ) features six cylindrical microfin intercoolers which provide more than 60 % additional cooling and flow efficiency when compared to box type intercoolers .
This optimized system features single pass coolant flow , a 90 l / min water pump and a high - volume dual pass heat exchanger .
Allpar has a huge amount of car information .
Please come back to the top of the page and use the navigation menus to explore the site before leaving !
May 18 , 2009 - Robin Walker
As many of you know , the Meet the Spy video was leaked this weekend .
Some of you on the forum have wondered if Valve leaked it on purpose .
And until we find the clown who did leak it , the answer to that is yes .
Others of you have started a petition to stop Valve from firing anyone over the leak .
Once again , this just goes to show you how valuable customer feedback is to us we had n't even thought of doing that , but once you see it there in print , it 's a fantastic idea .
I 've been asking people all morning who was responsible and come up empty .
But now that I 've started firing people , they can't name names fast enough .
So far I 've got sixty - seven names in the " suspicious " category , fifteen in " very suspicious " , and another forty - three I 'd been wanting to fire anyway .
I 'll keep you posted as I track down the culprit .
Rest assured , though : Until I find the person responsible , I vow that Valve will stop work on all projects .
New research at Genentech Inc. is challenging conventional thinking about Alzheimer 's disease , providing a provocative theory about its cause and suggesting potential new targets for therapies to treat it .
The researchers propose that a normal process in which excess nerve cells and nerve fibers are pruned from the brain during prenatal development is somehow reactivated in the adult brain and " hijacked " to cause the death of such cells in Alzheimer 's patients .
The ...
" This was such a cute and amusing story .
It 's message is a powerful one .
It made me weep on the train while I was reading it . "
Netgalley reviewer
A no 1 category chart position story in the Kindle US and UK free charts ( Jan 2016 & April 2016 . )
Peter Sandman says it is officials , not citizens , who needlessly panic :
[ There are ] people who do think avian flu is serious but do n't think the public should take it seriously .
That 's a position held by a number of people in the government and a number of people in a number of governments who argue that , yes , we the government are going to prepare , but for God 's sake do n't tell the public , because . . . they might get excessively frightened , and that might be bad for their psychology and bad for the economy .
God forbid people should be afraid just because they 're going to be dead .
As the economists earlier on pointed out , it does n't hurt the economy all that much for a lot of people to die , but if a lot of people get frightened , that 's bad for business !
So , there 's a sense that we dare not frighten people .
The other base in this argument says , " It 's serious but let 's not say so , " [ because ] there 's nothing for people to do anyhow . …
What I want to do with the rest of my time is rebut those two arguments .
If you ask yourself which was a bigger problem in New Orleans , people so frightened they could n't think straight , or people insufficiently frightened who did n't get out of town , I think you can make a very strong argument that the latter was a bigger problem than the former . …
In the stairwells of the World Trade Center , people were more courteous than New Yorkers usually are , and more organized than New Yorkers usually are , and there were very few signs of panic among those who evacuated the Twin Towers .
. . .
When you interview the survivors , the vast majority tell you they panicked , but they did n't .
They 're wrong .
They felt like panicking , and they did just fine .
Legendary Money Maker
Group : Lifetime Supporters
Posts : 10,619
Dream Points : 25,083
Experience Points : 10,700
Joined : 6 - February 08
Member No. : 30,347
Joined : 6 - February 08 Member No. : 30,347
QUOTE ( Hillary @ Feb 28 2009 , 07:47 PM )
Edison Chen , Hong Kong Celebrity Sex Scandal Star , Testifies In Court
Source : www.GutterUncensored.com
Asian pop star Edison Chen , who fled Hong Kong in disgrace last year after nude photos of himself with several female celebrities were posted on the Internet , testify in an unusual court hearing started Monday in Vancouver .
Chen 's trouble began after he took his broken laptop in for repairs in Hong Kong .
Shortly afterwards , explicit photos of him with different women , some identifiable as famous actresses , singers and models , began appearing online .
After months of silence , Chen , a singer and actor who grew up in Vancouver , Canada and is one of Asia 's most recognized celebrities , was to testify before a Hong Kong judge and lawyers over five days .
The testimony had been expected to last five days , but both the prosecution and defense completed their questions Monday .
Chen return Tuesday to read and sign the court transcript .
A Canadian judge and Hong Kong 's chief magistrate will be co-commissioners at the hearing as Hong Kong police question Chen .
Chen was ordered by the judge to answer a question raised by the defendant 's lawyer to identify the four women in the string of sex photos .
The four names are : Cecilia Pak - Chi Cheung , Gillian Yan - Tung Chung , Bo Bo Man-Wun Chan and Rachel Sze - Wing Ngan .
His private sex pictures with several Hong Kong starlets set off an Internet firestorm but now he says he hopes the women involved will soon put this behind them .
Edison Chen made the comment as he emerged from a British Columbia Supreme Court .
The hearing is taking place in Vancouver because Edison Chen , 28 , fearing for his safety refused to return to Hong Kong to give evidence at the trial of computer technician Sze Ho-Chun , who is facing charges of distributing via the Internet pictures of the actor having sex with female celebrities .
On the second day of the hearing , Chen added that 40 photos were all taken by ONE woman who had an affair with him in 2003 .
Guess who ?
The married one with the cuckold husband who had to get his baby DNA tested !
The Chinese film star was surrounded by security as he leaves British Columbia Supreme Court in Vancouver , B.C. , on Monday , February 23 , 2009 .
Chen says he was shocked when private photos of him appeared on the Internet , causing a sex scandal " This is part of the judicial proceedings .
Since the proceedings are in progress , no further details can be disclosed , " an official with the Hong Kong police said in an email to the Toronto Star .
While Chen admitted that most of the 328 photos submitted in court today were taken by him , he claimed 40 of them were taken by the women in the photos .
Chen 's international fame skyrocketed after the photos appeared and Google said last December his name was the most searched term in Asia in 2008 .
Edison
Chen 's name was searched for more in the Chinese speaking world last year than the Beijing Olympics , the devastating earthquake in China 's Sichuan province and the tainted milk scandal .
Chen told a crush of Chinese media outside the Vancouver court that he hopes every victim will recover and that their well - being is more important than his .
Edison Chen , Hong Kong Celebrity Sex Scandal Star , Testifies In CourtSource : www.GutterUncensored.comAsian pop star Edison Chen , who fled Hong Kong in disgrace last year after nude photos of himself with several female celebrities were posted on the Internet , testify in an unusual court hearing started Monday in Vancouver .
Chen 's trouble began after he took his broken laptop in for repairs in Hong Kong .
Shortly afterwards , explicit photos of him with different women , some identifiable as famous actresses , singers and models , began appearing online .
After months of silence , Chen , a singer and actor who grew up in Vancouver , Canada and is one of Asia 's most recognized celebrities , was to testify before a Hong Kong judge and lawyers over five days .
The testimony had been expected to last five days , but both the prosecution and defense completed their questions Monday .
Chen return Tuesday to read and sign the court transcript .
A Canadian judge and Hong Kong 's chief magistrate will be co-commissioners at the hearing as Hong Kong police question Chen .
Chen was ordered by the judge to answer a question raised by the defendant 's lawyer to identify the four women in the string of sex photos .
The four names are : Cecilia Pak - Chi Cheung , Gillian Yan - Tung Chung , Bo Bo Man-Wun Chan and Rachel Sze - Wing Ngan .
His private sex pictures with several Hong Kong starlets set off an Internet firestorm but now he says he hopes the women involved will soon put this behind them .
Edison Chen made the comment as he emerged from a British Columbia Supreme Court .
The hearing is taking place in Vancouver because Edison Chen , 28 , fearing for his safety refused to return to Hong Kong to give evidence at the trial of computer technician Sze Ho-Chun , who is facing charges of distributing via the Internet pictures of the actor having sex with female celebrities .
On the second day of the hearing , Chen added that 40 photos were all taken by ONE woman who had an affair with him in 2003 .
Guess who ?
The married one with the cuckold husband who had to get his baby DNA tested !
The Chinese film star was surrounded by security as he leaves British Columbia Supreme Court in Vancouver , B.C. , on Monday , February 23 , 2009 .
Chen says he was shocked when private photos of him appeared on the Internet , causing a sex scandal " This is part of the judicial proceedings .
Since the proceedings are in progress , no further details can be disclosed , " an official with the Hong Kong police said in an email to the Toronto Star .
While Chen admitted that most of the 328 photos submitted in court today were taken by him , he claimed 40 of them were taken by the women in the photos .
Chen 's international fame skyrocketed after the photos appeared and Google said last December his name was the most searched term in Asia in 2008 .
Edison
Chen 's name was searched for more in the Chinese speaking world last year than the Beijing Olympics , the devastating earthquake in China 's Sichuan province and the tainted milk scandal .
Chen told a crush of Chinese media outside the Vancouver court that he hopes every victim will recover and that their well - being is more important than his .
The Edison news once storm the internet and i can see more people finding information on it once again .
The Edison news once storm the internet and i can see more people finding information on it once again .
--------------------
Give a laptop - Change the world
For simply $ 199 each , you can give one or more laptops to children in the developing world .
Sponsor a child ! -
Change their world
There are still few signs of recovery in the US housing market
The number of new homes built in the US fell to a record low in April , official statistics have shown .
New housing starts fell 12.8 % to an annual rate of 458,000 units - the lowest since records began in 1959 - the Commerce Department said .
The fall was steeper than expected with experts forecasting a fall to 520,000 from March 's revised rate of 525,000 .
New building permits , which signal future home construction , fell 3.3 % to an annual rate of 494,000 units .
Compared with the same month last year , housing starts were down 54.2 % and permits down 50.2 % .
Analysts were surprised by the weak numbers .
" It 's just as I said a month ago - I can't imagine that housing starts and permits can get much weaker than they are .
And you wait a month and they get weaker , " said Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at Johnson Illington Advisors .
" It 's almost as though there are no new houses being built .
It almost takes your breath away .
" How do you describe conditions that are this weak and I 'm not sure I can find a word that 's strong enough . "
Now even Top Gear could fall foul of Harman sexism law
The BBC and Channel 4 could be forced to use more female and ethnic characters and presenters in TV shows under controversial reforms of equality laws .
The change could hit programmes such as Top Gear , which has an all - male presenting team , and EastEnders , which has screened episodes featuring all - black , all - Asian and all - female casts .
State - funded organisations are being ordered to boost the proportion of female , black and gay staff to reflect the make - up of the UK population under plans unveiled by Labour 's deputy leader Harriet Harman .
All - male show : Top Gear presenters Jeremy Clarkson , Richard Hammond and James May .
Under changes to equality laws the program would need women
But there are fears that the decision not to exempt broadcasters from the proposals in the Government 's Equality Bill will compromise their editorial independence .
Critics fear programmes will be forced to hire actors , presenters and producers on grounds of gender , ethnic background or sexuality , rather than suitability for the show .
Now Tory culture spokesman Jeremy Hunt has written to Miss Harman and Culture Secretary Andy Burnham highlighting the ' very serious implications ' of the shake - up .
Mr Hunt said : ' Allowing broadcasters creative and intellectual freedom over the content of their programmes is vital in a free society .
' Both the BBC and Channel 4 have an important role in focusing attention on important social issues , but editorial independence must be sacrosanct . '
He added : ' In terms of their public functions , such as their employment and procurement practices , they should act as any other public authority .
However , for the sake of editorial independence their content is another matter . '
The Equality Bill , which was unveiled on Monday , encourages employers to take ' positive action ' to widen diversity in the public - sector workforce .
Earlier this month a leading academic said the BBC should employ more women to help make shows such as Top Gear ' female - friendly ' .
Dr Louise Livesey , tutor in sociology and women 's studies at Ruskin College , Oxford , accused the BBC2 motoring programme of ' entrenched , institutional sexism ' .
As well as being hosted by Jeremy Clarkson , Richard Hammond and James May , the Sunday night show has a ' boys ' club ' production team and fewer female than male guests .
But executive producer Andy Wilman claimed it was ' utter drivel ' to suggest that Top Gear excluded women , saying : ' If the show is allegedly female - unfriendly , why is almost half the audience female ?
' Secondly , if we are to have a female presenter just to represent the sexes , then by that logic Loose Women needs a bloke in the line - up pretty sharpish .
' I actually believe these sorts of mandates are patronising to women viewers , because they assume that women can't enjoy a show 's presenters on merit , but can only appreciate a programme if spoken to by one of their own sex . '
During the Government 's consultation on the ' gender and class ' Bill in July last year , the BBC ' made clear ' that new laws should not ' compromise their journalistic , programme and broadcasting activities ' .
A BBC Trust spokesman said : ' We agree it would be helpful to have clarification of the Government 's intentions and we are discussing that with them . '
The best and brightest neighborhood in the Los Angeles sports landscape is a very different place today .
Mannywood has officially gone to hell .
The giddy streets are lined in shadows .
The colorful houses are painted in lies .
The friendly shops are stocked with juice .
The mayor is a drug cheat .
Advertisement
Manny Ramirez dropped a bomb on Mannywood on Thursday , leveling the Dodgers ’ spirit , stripping the Dodgers ’ psyche , and blowing up the Dodgers ’ safe .
He has been suspended for 50 games after testing positive for a banned substance , but it could be 500 games for all I care .
“ You have to remember , there ’s still a human being behind this thing , ” said Manager Joe Torre .
Yeah , a selfish knucklehead of a human being who can no longer be trusted .
Advertisement
The Dodgers ca n’t build their team on fakery .
They ca n’t march to a championship behind a charlatan .
They ca n’t fall for his act again .
I would love for them to release him at the end of the suspension , but the major league drug agreement prevents them from exacting further punishment .
I would love for them to release him at the end of the season , but that would cost them $ 20 million , and no owner could consider that worth it .
The Dodgers ca n’t trash him , so they must try to recycle him .
Advertisement
If Manny stays , Manny sweats .
If Manny stays , he must face his various constituents with truthfulness and transparency , answering all questions about steroid use , a four - step program .
He must come clean for the media who will relay his message to the fans who he has turned to suckers .
He must come clean to teammates he turned into fools .
He must come clean to the front office he robbed , owner Frank McCourt and General Manager Ned Colletti , offering sincere apologies followed by sincere explanations .
Advertisement
Finally , he must take this truth to the streets , becoming the Dodgers ’ anti-steroid spokesman for kids who listen .
“ I ’d like for all of baseball to start fresh , ” Colletti said .
“ We ca n’t all start fresh until we all start clean . ”
This was n’t happening Thursday because Ramirez skipped town , leaving the organization he supposedly loves to shovel up his mess .
Yeah , it ’s going to be a long 50 games .
But , no , I wo n’t say I told you so .
Advertisement
In earlier columns I warned the Dodgers against giving Ramirez a long - term deal because of his potential for combustion , but I never thought he would be suspended for something like this .
I was worried about him dogging it , not drugging it .
No more .
Now I think about the amazement I felt in watching Ramirez hit .520 last postseason and think , well , of course , nobody is that good at age 36 without help .
Advertisement
Now I think about watching the ball jump off his bat while driving in 53 runs in 53 games with the Dodgers last summer and think , absolutely , his increased coordination and endurance screams of steroids .
No , he did not test positive for steroids .
But he did test positive for human chorionic gonadotropin , a female fertility drug commonly used by athletes to restore the body after steroid use .
Ramirez denied any steroid implications , claiming he was given the drug by “ a physician for a personal health issue . ”
Yeah , and do n’t tell me , the physician was a cousin who ca n’t be found , working out of a storefront that no longer exists ?
Yeah , we ’ve heard that one before .
Advertisement
After years of hearing lame excuses from lollipop - muscled ballplayers , excuse us if we do n’t believe one syllable of Ramirez ’s story .
A more potent defense would have been an official appeal of the suspension , but that did n’t happen , and that tells you everything .
Ramirez is the kind of player who would appeal a three - day timeout for throwing a helmet , yet he willingly accepts nearly two months on the sideline and the loss of nearly $ 8 million ?
That ’s all I need to hear .
He was caught red -handed , but now it ’s the Dodgers who are blushing .
They not only accepted his explanation , but congratulated him for it .
“ The fact that he did take responsibility . . . that was big , ” Torre said .
Um , no he did n’t .
See Step 1 .
Advertisement
And while the Dodgers have graciously agreed to close the two sections dubbed Mannywood , they said it would n’t necessarily be permanent , and they would still hand out Mannywood T - shirts and sell Manny souvenirs , thus teaching children that baseball crime does pay .
“ I do n’t think we have enough information to make a negative decision on Manny , ” said Dennis Mannion , team president .
Baseball obviously had enough information to make that decision .
If the Dodgers truly support baseball ’s drug policy , they need to act like it .
Contrary to the Dodgers ’ spin , Ramirez is n’t just taking a vacation .
When he gets back , he will be different .
Advertisement
If he was using steroids , he will be off the stuff by then .
His swing will change .
His coordination will suffer .
The Dodgers can base their season on that , or you can get smart and move on .
They can celebrate what they have , a great young team in a lousy division .
Andre Ethier , not Ramirez , leads the team in RBIs .
Ethier is tied with Ramirez for the lead in home runs .
Orlando Hudson has scored more runs and collected more hits .
James
Loney does little things Ramirez never did .
And , oh , yes , in the first inning against the Washington Nationals on Thursday , Matt Kemp hit a grand slam that had fans screaming , and Manny was n’t anywhere near the place .
Advertisement
They should celebrate that .
They should build on that .
They should trade to make that better .
This can no longer be Manny Ramirez ’s team .
This can no longer be his city .
Dead is the notion he can lead .
Dead is the notion that he can be trusted .
Once a great town , Mannywood has become a ghost town .
--
Advertisement
bill.plaschke@latimes.com
Two days ago , for the second time in 10 months , Canada ’s House of Commons told Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his Conservative government , including Immigration Minister , Jason Kenney , to stop deporting U.S. soldiers resisting wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The vote united the three opposition parties , the Liberals , the Bloc Quebecois and the New Democratic Party in a close 129 - 125 vote .
http://onlinejournal.com/artman/publish/article_4547.shtml
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
President Barack Obama today refrained from branding the massacre of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians in Turkey a " genocide " , breaking a campaign promise while contending his views about the 20th century slaughter had not changed .
The phrasing of Obama 's written statement attracted heightened scrutiny because of the sensitivity of the issue and because the two countries are nearing a historic reconciliation after years of tension .
The Obama administration is wary of disturbing that settlement .
Marking the grim anniversary of the start of the killings , the president referred to them as " one of the great atrocities of the 20th century " .
" I have consistently stated my own view of what occurred in 1915 , and my view of that history has not changed , " Obama said .
" My interest remains the achievement of a full , frank and just acknowledgment of the facts . "
" The best way to advance that goal right now , " Obama said , " is for the Armenian and Turkish people to address the facts of the past as a part of their efforts to move forward " .
For Obama , referring to the killings as genocide could have upended recent pledges of a closer partnership with Turkey , a vital ally in a critical region .
Steering around the word , however , put him at odds with his own pledges to recognise the slaughter as genocide .
Obama said the Armenians who were massacred in the final days of the Ottoman empire " must live on in our memories " .
He said unresolved history can be a heavy weight .
" Reckoning with the past holds out the powerful promise of reconciliation , " he said .
" I strongly support efforts by the Turkish and Armenian people to work through this painful history in a way that is honest , open and constructive , " he said .
The administration closely coordinated its statement about the apparent breakthrough with the Turkish government and Swiss mediators .
Turkey and Armenia announced on Wednesday they were closing in on some kind of reconciliation .
At least one Armenian - American group said it felt let down by Obama .
" Today 's statement does not reflect the change the president promised , " said Bryan Ardouny , executive director of the Armenian Assembly of America .
He said Obama " has needlessly delayed the cause of genocide affirmation and diminishes US credibility with regard to genocide prevention . "
To Lincoln McCurdy , president of the Turkish Coalition of America , which advocates close US - Turkish ties , Obama sent " a clear message to America and the world that his administration will not sacrifice long - term strategic allies for short - term political gains " .
The dispute involves what many scholars view as the first genocide of the 20th century .
Turkey denies that the deaths constituted genocide , contending the toll has been inflated and that the casualties were victims of civil war and unrest .
During a trip to Turkey this month , Obama emphasized US support for the reconciliation efforts and avoided the term genocide in a speech to the Turkish parliament .
Turkey and Armenia agreed Wednesday on a road map for normalising relations and reaching reconciliation .
But it was not immediately clear how they would tackle the bitter dispute over the Ottoman - era killings of ethnic Armenians .
Yesterday , vice - president Joe Biden spoke by telephone with Armenian
president Serge Sarkisian and welcomed that announcement .
Turkey and Armenia have no diplomatic ties , and their border has been closed since 1993 because of a Turkish protest of Armenia 's occupation of land claimed by Azerbaijan .
In September , Turkish president Abdullah Gul became the first Turkish leader to visit Armenia , where he and Sarkisian watched their countries ' soccer teams play a World Cup qualifying match .
The Armenian government appears to be interested in further talks .
Armenian - American groups and supporters in Congress are focused on passing a resolution that describes the killings as genocide and argue that it should not undermine diplomatic efforts .
Gul said today in Ankara that he expected Obama to deliver a statement that would reinforce the reconciliation talks .
" I believe that [ Obama 's statement ] should be one that is supportive of our good intentioned efforts , " Gul told reporters .
MEXICO CITY , April 28 ( Reuters ) - Mexico's Senate approved a bill on Tuesday decriminalizing possession of small amounts of narcotics for personal use , in order to free resources to fight violent drug cartels .
The bill , proposed by conservative President Felipe Calderon , would make it legal to carry up to 5 grams ( 0.18 ounces ) of marijuana , 500 milligrams ( 0.018 ounces ) of cocaine and tiny quantities of other drugs such as heroin and methamphetamines .
Mexico's Congress passed a similar proposal in 2006 but the bill was vetoed by Calderon 's predecessor Vicente Fox , under pressure from the United States , which said it would increase drug abuse , but now is worried by the drug - related violence along its border .
Calderon has staked his presidency on curtailing the escalating violence between rival drug gangs as they fight over smuggling routes to the United States , with violence spilling into U.S. cities like Phoenix and Tucson .
Calderon was praised by U.S. President Barack Obama this month for his army crackdown in a visit to the Mexican capital and Washington is sending more agents to its side of the border to curb the flow of guns and cash to the cartels .
Drug violence has killed 2,000 people this year across Mexico after 6,300 deaths in 2008 .
The bill , which needs to be approved by the lower house , also allows Mexican states to convict small - time drug dealers , no longer making it a federal crime to peddle drugs .
Drug dealers are rarely convicted in Mexico as federal courts are saturated with bigger cases and local judges cannot interfere .
Mexico's Congress convenes for a final session before its recess on Thursday but may call an extraordinary session given the outbreak of deadly swine flu in the country that has forced lawmakers to hold sessions behind closed doors to prevent further contagion .
( Reporting by Miguel Angel Gutierrez , editing by Patricia Zengerle )
1 IDC MarketScape™ : U.S. Incident Readiness , Response , and Resiliency Services 2018 Vendor Assessment — Beyond the Big 5 Consultancies .
Christina Richmond & Pete Lindstrom .
Published : September 2018 .
This IDC research document was published as part of an IDC continuous intelligence service , providing written research , analyst interactions , telebriefings , and conferences .
IDC and IDC MarketScape are trademarks of International Data Group , Inc. Copyright 2018 IDC .
Reproduction is forbidden unless authorized .
All rights reserved .
Document # US44257117
2 Gartner , Magic Quadrant for Managed Security Services , Worldwide , Toby Bussa , Kelly M. Kavanagh , Sid Deshpande , Pete Shoard , 2 May 2019 .
3 Available in Q3 2020 .
Gartner does not endorse any vendor , product or service depicted in our research publications , and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation .
Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner 's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact .
Gartner disclaims all warranties , expressed or implied , with respect to this research , including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose .
GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner , Inc. and / or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally , and is used herein with permission .
All rights reserved .
Note
This post is written on the 64th day of University strikes in France .
During these 64 days , the government has rejected any negociation on the core reasons for the strike , has attempted to discredit the contestation ( if I understand correctly , I am both « improductive » and a « mask - wearing commando ») and has used police intimidation and repression .
The strike continues .
Quite possibly , there will be no university exams this year and no baccalauréat .
If repression continues increasing , no one can tell for sure what will happen .
Nothing good , for sure .
After days and nights of coding , debugging and fighting over naming conventions , the OCaml Batteries Included team is proud to announce OCaml Batteries Included Beta 1 .
You can find the binaries here , read the API documentation , the platform documentation , the release notes and the ChangeLog or the list of individual commits .
A GODI package and a Debian / testing package are also available .
So , what ’s new in Beta 1 ?
API freeze
Firstly , from now on , barring trivial changes and bugfixes , the API should be stable .
So it ’s a good time to start testing it with your projects and submitting bug reports .
Command - line tools
OCaml Batteries Included already had a drop - in replacement for ocamlc and ocamlopt , to automatically open , load and link all the necessary libraries and / or syntax extensions .
To invoke them , use
$ ocamlfind batteries / ocamlc foo.ml
or
$ ocamlfind batteries / ocamlopt foo.ml
They behave essentially as their counterparts in the INRIA distribution .
Ok , that ’s not new .
What ’s new is that OCaml Batteries Included now also has a drop - in replacement for ocaml , ocamldep and ocamlbuild .
To launch the toplevel , run
$ ocamlfind batteries / ocaml
or to use it as an interpreter
$ ocamlfind batteries / ocaml foo.ml
Similarly , you may now use the ocamlbuild replacement
$ ocamlfind batteries / ocamlbuild foo .
byte
or
$ ocamlfind batteries / ocamlbuild foo.native
What does this mean ?
Well , essentially , it means that you do n’t have to do any complex configuration to take advantage of OCaml Batteries Included .
Just replace every use of ocaml / ocamlc / ocamlopt / ocamlbuild with the corresponding drop - in replacement .
Toplevel
Since Alpha 2 , the OCaml Batteries Included toplevel gives access to the manual , using directive #man .
With Beta 1 , a new directive # browse appears .
This directive lets you insepct the contents of a module , regardless of whether the documentation has been generated :
$ rlwrap ocamlfind batteries / ocaml Objective Caml version 3.11.0 _________________________________ | | | | [ | + | | Batteries Included - | |_______|_|_______________________|
__________________________________ | | | | | - Type ' # help ; ; ' | | + | ]
|_______________________|_|________|
# #browse " List " ; ; module List : sig type 'a t = 'a list type ' a enumerable = 'a t type ' a mappable = 'a t val length : ' a list -> int val hd : ' a list -> ' a val tl : ' a list -> ' a list val is_empty : ' a list -> bool (*...*)
end
This directive is provided as a quick way of understanding complex and undocumented modules — say , Camlp4 .
Printf replacement
OCaml has long provided a useful but awkward Printf module .
A few versions ago , OCaml Batteries Included introduced a partial replacement for Printf , more extensible and more compsable .
With OCaml Batteries Included Beta 1 , we now have a complete replacement , which is both safer , lightweight and more extensible .
Let ’s take a look :
# let format = p " Let 's print a string : %s
" ; ; val format : ( string -> ' a , ' a ) Batteries .
Print.format = { Batteries .
Print. pattern =
" Let 's print a string : %( 0 )
" ; Batteries .
Print. printer = < fun>} # Print. printf format " some text " ; ;
Let 's print a string : some text - : unit = ()
Up to this point , there ’s not much difference with the usual Printf module .
But the nice thing is that this is completely extensible .
It can be used just as well to print , say , lists :
# Print.printf p" Here 's a list of integers : % {int list}
" [ 1;2;3;4;5 ] ; ;
Here 's a list of integers : [ 1 ; 2 ; 3 ; 4 ; 5 ] - : unit = ()
Of course , this works just as well with arrays , ropes , and , well , just about every single data structure , including your own .
You can add new printing functions , overload printing locally , etc .
And more
The OCaml Batteries Included toplevel now supports a .ocamlinit file , which can take advantage of all the features of Batteries .
Previous versions of OCaml Batteries Included introduced syntactic construction open List include Labels to create a new local module List containing the code of List and that of Labels .
Due to ambiguities , the syntax was changed to open List with Labels
UTF - 8 literal strings are now validated at compile - time
Conversion between Latin - 1 literal strings and UTF - 8 is now performed at compile - time
Modules Digest , Scanf , Format , Lexing now compatible with Batteries I /
O
New out - of - the - box modules StringSet , IntSet , StringMap , IntMap , etc .
New module Future .
Logger
The interpreter may now be called as a library
Improvements to Random , Enum , Bigarray , String , String .
Cap , Set , PSet , …
Speed improvements in LazyList , Rope , String
Test suite
Build improvements , including parallel build , better detection of default directories
Numerous bugfixes
etc .
Tesla is recalling 345 of its Roadsters , made between March 2008 and April 22 , 2009 due to an issue with the rear hub .
The recall affects a significant chunck of Tesla 's Roadster sales , as this press release from May 12 says the company has delivered over 400 Roadsters thus far .
" The rear hub flange bolts may be under - torqued and may become loose , " says the notification .
That leads to poor handlng , and a rubbing noise from the back of the car .
If it 's not addressed properly , then , " The driver could lose control of the car , which could lead to a crash . "
This has nothing to do with Tesla 's powertrain or intellectual property , it 's an issue with the Lotus assembly line that builds the Roadster .
Lotus is also recalling vehicles .
Tesla tells us it will be sending technicians to its customers homes to fix the problem , which just involves tightening the bolts on the car .
It should take under two hours .
( Call Tesla at 1-877-888-3752 if you 've got a Roadster . )
For customers that live outside of California , Chicago , Seattle or New York , Tesla will fly a technician to your home , which looks like it will be the biggest cost for Tesla .
Tesla also reminded us that millions of cars are recalled each year .
Fair enough .
" I have a lot of respect for Marco Rubio .
He has never broken away from his very conservative principles , even after the course of history has proven many of their ideas to be wrongheaded .
The GOP is in the midst of a fight for its basic heart and soul , not to mention its very relevance in the American political discussion , and I know Marco will be a loud and effective voice for those who believe that the direction of the last eight years was the correct one and for the small percentage of Floridians and Americans who believe that a massive shift to the right is the best medicine for what ails America . "
[ H]e addressed the College Republicans and Students for a Free Cuba at George Washington University in Washington , D.C. Cuba , he said , presents us with " an opportunity just 90 miles off our shores to defend and stand up for the constitutional and Founding principles of this country . "
Rubio called the U.S. embargo " our last and only leverage point " for negotiating Cuban freedom with a successor regime .
He added , " I wish we could do in China what I hope we 'll do in Cuba , but we can 't .
There are geopolitical realities . "
The students -- a sympathetic audience -- were wowed by the speech , delivered without notes .
" I think we just saw the future president of the United States ! " exclaimed one undergrad leaving the event .
" I just wanted to say thanks ... for bringing us some hope in the GOP , " another student told Rubio .
Marco Rubio represents the last gasp of the ultra-rightists who want to tell Cubans how to live their lives .
Why is it that Republicans favor small government , except when it comes to imposing US power on other countries ?
Rubio and some mainstream Democrats argue that the US must pressure Cuba to uphold democracy and human rights .
They ignore the history of US support for every two - bit dictator that came to power in Cuba from 1901 - 1959 .
If the US was so concerned about democracy , why did it recognize Fulgencio Batista ’s military government one day after his 1952 coup ?
Cuba has plenty of problems , but that ’s for Cubans themselves to resolve .
When people like Rubio insist on maintaining the embargo , it only strengthens the widespread belief in Cuba that the US seeks to overthrow their government and restore the ultra- rightist Miami Cubans to power .
" Wilkerson participated in war games designed to plan United States response to various Cuban crises .
The military 's nightmare scenario consisted of political instability in Cuba leading to a large - scale assault by Cuban Americans on the island .
Wilkerson said , " What really struck me about the Cuban contingencies when we exercised and gamed was that it did n't turn into any kind of U.S. force presence in Cuba .
It turned into a cordoning off Florida to keep Cuban Americans with various small arms ... from invading Cuba . "
In 1971 , during the Nixon administration , U.S. agents introduced swine fever virus into Cuba .
Cuba had to slaughter over 500,000 infected hogs .
The virus originated in Africa and had been unknown in Cuba before the outbreak .
Newsday revealed that a CIA - trained Cuban exile had been given the swine virus at Ft. Gulick in the U.S. - controlled Panama Canal Zone .
U.S. operatives gave him instructions to deliver the virus to Cuba .
Even though the CIA denied involvement , the article showed a clear link to U.S. clandestine efforts .
In 1977 , the Washington Post confirmed , " The CIA had a program aimed at Cuban agriculture , and since 1962 Pentagon specialists had been manufacturing biological agents to be used for this purpose . "
In 1981 , during the Reagan administration , some 350,000 Cubans were infected with type II dengue virus , which produces potentially deadly fevers .
According to Cuban sources , 158 people died , 101 of whom were children .
The virus had not been known anywhere in the world and had been created in a laboratory .
In 1984 , a leader of Omega 7 , a terrorist exile group in Miami , admitted in court to spreading the dengue virus .
Like John McCormack in the far right I 'm cheering for the conservative , " Jeb Bush protégé , " as McCormack so helpfully describes him , Marco Rubio .
That 's because I want to see progressive Democrat Dan Gelber as the next senator from Florida , a way to give that important state a powerful voice and brilliant critical thinker in the upper house , something that has been sorely missing as we look back over a parade of corrupt hacks and rubber stamps -- on both sides of the aisle .
We covered Rubio 's declaration last Tuesday and remarked on Dan Gelber , who was the Democratic Minority Leader of the House when Rubio was Speaker , welcoming him to the race : I doubt thewould disagree -- except for the " wrongheaded " aspersion .
McComack , heart aflutter , is obviously smitten with the " fresh - faced charismatic Cuban American " evangelical extremist and he sees him as the Republicans ' Barack Obama .
Most Americans are celebrating Obama 's cautious steps towards reclaiming U.S. - Cuba policy for the State Department -- and taking it out of the hands of a gang of wealthy , corrupt and , of course , right - wing gangsters ( and their sons ) who have kept the U.S. from normalizing relations with one of our closest neighbors for decades .
But not Rubio .
Maybe he can go fight it out with Lincoln Diaz - Balart , who also has pretensions for becoming the president of a post - Castro Cuba .
That 's the only presidency -- other than of the Miami Dade Cuban - American Chamber of Commerce -- Rubio is likely to ever get a chance to vie for .
and he wo n't get a chance to vie for that either .
I called my friend Reese Erlich , one of this country 's experts on Cuba - America relations and author of the incredible new book , Dateline Havana .
He is n't as impressed with Rubio as McCormack is .
Few Americans have been aware of the specifics of how right - wing Cubans -- led by extremists like the Diaz - Balarts and Rubio -- have directed U.S. policy towards the island nation right off our southern coast .
When Colin Powell 's top aide was asked to assess the threat from Cuba to U.S. security said the U.S. military did n't think Cuba was a threat at all .
Let me quote fromAnd there is historical precedent for the U.S. military 's concerns about out - of - control violent rightists attacking Cuba .
They 've done it before -- and far more than most Americans are aware , and sometimes with over U.S. help .
Were you frightened in the last few weeks about swine flu ?
No one knows how it started but it scared a lot of people in this country .
Rightist fanatics would like nothing more than to insert a " fresh - faced charismatic " young extremist like Rubio into the American political system .
McCormack sees mainstream conservative Charlie Crist as the impediment because Crist is likely to jump into the Florida senatorial race .
Recent polls show him thrashing the lunatic fringe Rubio 53 - 4 % in a primary battle and even if Crist decides to not run -- unlikely -- right - wing congressional hacks Connie Mack and Vern Buchanan ( each nearly mainstream compared to Rubio ) lead him by double - digits .
The advantage of a primary with Rubio participating is that it is sure to be bloody .
To Rubio Crist is n't obstructionist enough , is n't anti-choice enough , is too pro-environment , is n't in favor of as many anti-working family tax policies as he should be and favors many ideas Floridians like and right - wing maniacs like Rubio , hate .
And to Rubio 's supporters , Crist is a homo , something the media rarely mentions but something wingers will never stop talking about -- at leastI just came back from seeing Mike Roger 's movie , .
If Republican voters in Florida see the film , Crist 's goose is COOKED .
He comes across as such a hypocrite -- and as soooo gay -- that he'd have a really tough time in a closed Republican primary .
It 'll be interesting to see if Rubio tries to exploit it in some way .
Labels : Charlie Crist , Cuba , Dan Gelber , Florida , gay Republicans , Outrage , Rubio , Senate 2010 , swine flu
The short version :
This is an awesome book .
I 've been a fan of Theodore Gray 's work in odd science for some time now — his amazing Periodic Table of Elements posters and puzzles are the subject of previous Boing Boing blog posts , and he contributes a monthly column about " chemistry , elements , and blowing things up " for Popular Science .
I just received a copy of his beautiful new book , Mad Science , and the richness and eccentricity of its contents are just what I 'd expect from him .
This thing is like an anarchist cookbook for happy mutants — page after page of recipes , hazard warnings , beautiful photographs , and quirky personal observations .
Want to know how to turn ore into homemade titanium in a flowerpot ?
Copper - plate your iPod ?
Craft a " hillbilly hot tub " ?
Brew ethanol in your bathtub ?
All here .
The attention to detail will delight " makers " and nerd readers of all ages .
I love the little skull and crossbones death - icons on pages where experiments could lead to loss of life .
Gray has a degree in chemistry , but I believe he is an " amateur scientist " in the true and honored meaning of the term .
His work fosters the culture of tinkering and experimentation , which , as he says in the introduction , is the true source of all great scientific achievements .
Science is not something practiced only in labs and universities .
It 's a way of looking at the world and seeing truth and beauty everywhere .
It 's something you can do whether you are employed as a professional scientist or not .
While I have a degree in chemistry from a fine university , I 've never worked as a professional chemist .
I do these demonstrations in my shop on a rural farmstead a half a mile from the nearest neighbor .
Theo Gray 's Mad Science : Experiments You Can Do At Home – But Probably Should n't ( Amazon ) .
More about the projects here .
But some are n't settling for that , figuring that if we 're using technology to make you walk , and technology is always improving , then why stop there ?
Why not make you walk better than those other assholes ?
Here are some technologies that within our lifetimes can make the human body better than what nature ever intended .
Whether nature likes it or not .
Science does a pretty awesome job of letting the handicapped get around .
Prosthetic limbs , electronic ear implants , there are all sorts of ways these people can live almost normal lives .
5 Replacing Missing Legs
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
More than once you 've probably uttered to yourself " I 'd give my right leg for another delicious piece of pie " but those of you who went to that one shady pie shop / human organ harvesting shop in Beijing know that 's actually a bad bargain .
Fortunately , as with all technology , prosthetic legs have gotten better and better with time .
Why keep trying to mimic nature , when you can just improve on it ?
So , for instance , for those athletic types who have lost legs there are carbon fiber prosthetics called Cheetah Flex Feet , also known as blades .
They 're specifically designed for high - impact , legless insanity out on the track .
As you may have learned in biology class , J - Shaped carbon fiber legs are not the same as regular meat legs and as such are n't subject to the same fatigues .
So when a typical runner starts getting that old fashioned burning sensation in their shins , a runner on Cheetahs is just bouncing along like nobody 's business .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
How well do they work ?
Just ask Oscar Pistorius , a double amputee Olympian who was banned from the Olympics because his space - age legs gave him an unfair advantage over other runners .
They let him take longer strides and use 25 percent less energy to run the same distances .
Of course they 're not as useful in other situations , but , unlike your real legs , you can just swap these out with some others .
Perhaps soon you 'll strap on legs with artificial muscles made of carbon nanotubes , that even generate electricity as they flex .
Sure , the designers claim that the whole electricity generation thing is so charging wo n't be as much of an issue , but we 're assuming the real purpose is to deliver a nice electrical jolt with your roundhouse kick .
Do n't tell us there 's no market for it .
The morons ( " Kristy & Michael " ) who made the Domino 's video made more of them ; here are four of the others .
Next time the anxiety induced by another gloomy bank balance or the threat of yet more redundancies in your office convinces you that the recession should come with a government health warning , think again .
Dr Marios Kyriazis , a GP and expert in geriatric medicine , is among a growing number of health professionals claiming that stress is n’t the one - way road to illness and an early grave that most of us assume .
In fact , provided it ’s relatively short - term , it appears that stress can do wonders for the immune system and ageing process , not to mention keeping the likes of Alzheimer ’s , arthritis and certain cancers at bay .
" We tend to blame stress for everything from exhaustion to bad moods to heart disease , but it ’s all a myth .
Far from being bad for you , stress is vital for survival .
I advise people to seek out stress because it can make you live longer .
I actually think the recession  even if it means losing your job  will , for many people , be good for their health .
It ’s people who have routine , uncomplicated , unchallenging lives that tend to be harder hit by ill - health , " explains Kyriazis , who is president of the British Longevity Society and author of the book Anti-Ageing Medicines ( Watkins ) .
It ’s the degree of stress that is crucial .
" There ’s a lot of research and it all points to mild and moderate stress working in the body ’s favour by increasing the production of regenerative proteins that nourish brain cells , enabling them to function at peak capacity .
These cells reinforce the neural connections and physical repair pathways that usually deteriorate with age , " he says .
Read the rest of the article
April 18 , 2009
Many people have told me they ’d like to meditate more regularly , but they just find it “ too hard . ”
The reasons people see meditation as difficult vary .
For instance , perhaps they find themselves getting easily bored while sitting alone .
Or maybe anxious thoughts race through their minds , and they have trouble relaxing .
If you ’re having a tough time keeping up your meditation practice , I want to offer a perspective that may help your motivation and focus .
The perspective is this : meditation is n’t supposed to be easy .
It ’s actually a technique for noticing the patterns of thinking and acting that are blocking you from reaching your full potential .
In other words , when meditating feels difficult , that ’s because it ’s helping you see the places where you have room to grow .
As meditation teacher S.N. Goenka wrote , meditation “ takes you to the deepest level of the mind and allows you to cut the roots of past conditioning . ”
Letting The Discomfort Be
When uncomfortable thoughts and sensations arise in meditation , our immediate urge is to run away — perhaps by getting up and checking e-mail , trying to focus on something else , and so on .
However , we can grow as human beings by continuing to breathe and allowing those thoughts and sensations to be , just as they are .
When we let them flow through us and discover they can’t really hurt us , they no longer seem so scary .
And when we expand the range of sensations we can tolerate , we get more freedom to pursue our goals in life .
I ’ll talk about a few issues people commonly face in meditation , and how just allowing those concerns to arise , without doing anything about them , can help us expand our horizons and lead more fulfilling lives .
1. I ’m Doing It Wrong .
Many of us meditate expecting specific results — maybe we imagine meditating will bring us peace , for instance , or help us come up with great ideas .
When we do n’t get the results we want , we often blame ourselves .
“ I ’m not feeling any calmer or wiser — I must be doing this wrong , ” we think .
If you find yourself thinking this way , consider this question : where else do you get that feeling in your life ?
Where else do you run into the nagging anxiety that you ’re “ doing it wrong ” — in your career , relationships , exercise routine , and so on ?
How do you react when you feel this way — do you try to achieve perfection and get trapped in “ analysis paralysis , ” get frustrated and give up , or something else ?
Meditation offers you the opportunity to fully experience that feeling of “ I ’m not doing it right , ” without fleeing or pushing it away .
When you let yourself get more comfortable and familiar with that feeling , you may find your behavior out in the world changing as well .
For instance , you may find yourself hopelessly striving for perfection less often , and learning to accept that you can only do your best .
2. This Is Boring .
Many of us have difficulty keeping up our meditation routine because , quite simply , we find meditation dull .
We wish there were something more interesting or stimulating going on , and the frustration of that desire can be almost physically painful .
Again , if this feeling comes up for you , look at other parts of your life and notice where you find yourself having the same experience .
For instance , do you find yourself quickly getting bored with projects and failing to finish them ?
Do you get easily impatient with people , and lash out in anger more often than you ’d like ?
Meditation offers you a great opportunity to move beyond these unwanted behaviors .
The next time you start getting bored while meditating , I invite you to keep breathing , relax your body , and just let that frustration and discomfort wash over you .
As you do this over time , and you discover that letting yourself get a little bored wo n’t kill you , you may find yourself becoming more able to tolerate situations that felt painfully dull before .
3. I ’m Scared .
For some of us , the experience of sitting quietly with our eyes closed is frightening .
Perhaps we start to feel alone , as if there ’s no one around to care for and protect us .
Or maybe we find ourselves worrying that some problem will arise while we ’re meditating .
Maybe a burglar will break into the house , or the stock market will crash , and we wo n’t be aware enough to deal with the situation .
If you have this kind of experience , a useful question to ask yourself is : do you ever fully relax ?
Are you ever able to just let your muscles hang limp , and allow all your wants and obligations to slip out of your mind ?
Or do you experience life as a mad dash , frantically racing from place to place and from task to task ?
The next time this anxiety comes up as you meditate , see if you can allow it to flow through you and pass away , without frantically getting up to check the front door or the headlines .
Notice that this anxiety , like any other thought or emotion , is fleeting , and ca n’t really threaten you .
When you recognize this , you may find yourself becoming able to unwind more easily .
So , in a nutshell : meditation is n’t easy , but that ’s the point — it helps you come to grips with , and move beyond , thoughts and behaviors that hold you back .
Photo by h.koppdelaney
RALEIGH , N.C. -- Sidney Crosby saved his most daring move for after the game :
He spurned hockey superstition and hoisted the Prince of Wales Trophy .
If he keeps playing like this , it might not be the only prize the Pittsburgh Penguins ' young captain raises .
The Penguins are headed back to the Stanley Cup finals , clinching a return trip with a 4 - 1 rout of the Carolina Hurricanes on Tuesday night that finished off a sweep in the Eastern Conference finals .
Pittsburgh lost to Detroit last year in a six - game final series .
" We did n't touch [ the trophy ] last year , and things did n't go the way we wanted , " Crosby said .
" I thought we 'd change it up this year . "
Max Talbot had a goal and an assist , Ruslan Fedotenko and Bill Guerin also scored , and Craig Adams added an empty - netter .
Crosby had two assists to extend his point streak to six games , and Marc - Andre Fleury stopped the final 30 shots he faced in shutting down Carolina during the last 58 minutes .
The Penguins outscored the Hurricanes 20 - 9 in the series , netted at least three goals in each game , and trailed for a total of 20 minutes , 30 seconds , in advancing to the Cup finals for the fourth time .
" To be real honest , I do n't think it felt easy at all , " Pittsburgh coach Dan Bylsma said .
If the Stanley Cup champion Red Wings beat Chicago in the West finals , it will set up the first title rematch since the Edmonton Oilers and the New York Islanders met in 1983 and 1984 .
Pittsburgh -- the first runner - up to return to the finals since Edmonton in 1984 -- is the first team since the 2000 - 01 New Jersey Devils to get to the finals in consecutive years .
The Red Wings , who lead Chicago 3 - 1 in the West finals , could join them as soon as Wednesday night .
" For you [ media ] guys , there 's a lot more story lines " with a Detroit rematch , Crosby said .
" To go through last year was tough , but we 've got a chance here and we want to make the most of it . "
Eric Staal scored for the first time in the series for the Hurricanes , who lost for the first time in these playoffs when their franchise player notched a goal .
" It just does n't feel very nice knowing that tomorrow we 're all done , " Staal said .
Cam Ward made 21 saves but lost a playoff series for the first time in his NHL career .
He had been 5 - 0 in elimination games for the Hurricanes , who were on the losing end of the handshake line for the first time since 2002 , when they lost to the Red Wings in the Cup finals .
In their only other playoff appearance in that span , they won the Cup in 2006 .
In this series , Carolina led only three times and entered Game 4 with no players scoring more than two points -- Pittsburgh entered with five .
The Hurricanes were swept for the first time since 1989 , when the franchise was still the Hartford Whalers and was beaten by the Montreal Canadiens .
" We just talked about staying in [ the game ] as long as we possibly could , " coach Paul Maurice said .
" You 're down one , you 're down two .
We did n't want to get it to three . "
Fedotenko scored the Penguins ' first goal with 11 1/2 minutes left when he sneaked behind Ward and tipped in Philippe Boucher 's blast from the point , giving him goals in two straight games .
Pittsburgh took the lead for good on a fluky goal with 1 1/2 minutes left .
Talbot 's wrist shot from the slot was deflected by Anton Babchuk , and the puck fluttered over Ward 's catching glove to make it 2 - 1 .
" It hit [ Babchuk 's ] skate , popped up and I lost sight of it for a split second , " Ward said .
" Bad break , fluke goal . "
Another miscue by Babchuk -- a healthy scratch for the first three games of the series -- midway through the second led to the Penguins ' third goal .
He turned the puck over near the blue line to Guerin , and that started a 2 - on - 1 rush that ended with Crosby 's pretty feed that set up the 16 - year veteran 's tap -in .
By that point , the Hurricanes seemed spent after their comeback - fueled run through the first two rounds , an impressive stretch that included consecutive Game 7 road victories over New Jersey and Boston .
In an effort to keep that run going , they pulled out all the stops -- even luring former Pittsburgh Steelers coach Bill Cowher , a Raleigh resident and former NC State linebacker , to sound the siren that precedes their pregame entrance to the ice .
Staal scored on a wraparound 1 1/2 minutes in on Carolina 's first shot .
Text size
It 's the home stretch here at D : All Things Digital , the Wall Street Journal 's technology conference .
Walt Mossberg is on stage interviewing Mozilla Chair Mitchell Baker and CEO John Lilly about the Firefox browser .
Here are some notes from the conversation , which covered the state of the browser market , what 's wrong with Internet Explorer and the relative merits of open source software , among other things :
On a conference call organized through Organizing For America , the president lays down the marker on health care reform .
Per the Associated Press :
Obama on Thursday told his re-election campaign - in - waiting that volunteers must pressure lawmakers to support the White House 's goal on health care -- or else the opportunity would be forever lost .
He says delay is unacceptable .
Obama 's political organization , Organizing for America , plans a nationwide June 6 kickoff to pressure lawmakers and demonstrate support .
Bailouts the Plaque of Economic Hygiene
Is it on …or off ?
The bear market rally , that is ?
The Dow was down again yesterday … but just a little … 52 points .
The short - covering rally is finished , says David Rosenberg , formerly one of Merrill ’s top analysts .
“ Everyone I know is laying people off … cutting back … and generally struggling to survive , ” said a colleague from Florida .
“ I do n’t believe this recovery story .
The stock market might be up , but the real economy is still sinking . ”
Yesterday , we went to get our teeth checked out .
“ Hey …I ’m a Daily Reckoning reader , ” said our dentist .
“ So , I knew you were in town . ”
Asked about the state of the economy , he had this comment :
“ Our business is a little counter - cyclical .
People get laid off from work , but they still have their health benefits – at least for a while .
They want to make use of them while they can .
And they ’ve got the time to do it .
So , our business actually goes up .
“ But then , when the recovery comes they go back to work … they ’re busy … and they ’ve already had their teeth fixed .
We ’re not seeing that yet . ”
House prices are still falling .
The average house in Southern California has fallen to $ 247,000 – a big drop from the top set two years ago .
Toll Bros. , one of the country ’s biggest builders , reports revenues down 51 % .
If the US economy is really following Japan , things are going to get a lot worse .
Japan ’s output is collapsing – at a 15 % annual rate last quarter .
The Land of the Rising Sun is a major exporter .
For the first time ever , exports are falling … taking the Japanese economy down with it .
Internally , the Japanese are still not big spenders .
The population is not only aging …it ’s shrinking .
That ’s not happening in the United States .
Thanks largely to its immigrants and Hispanics , the US population is expanding .
But this new population is not the same as the old one .
At the top of the socio-economic pyramid in the United States is a huge group of aging , mostly white baby boomers .
Naturally , the geezers vote .
And naturally , they vote themselves more benefits at the expense of the next generation .
In fact , you can look at the entire bailout / stimulus program …and the $ 1.8 trillion US budget deficit for 2009 … as a huge transfer of wealth .
Benefits are provided to the present generation at the expense of the next generation .
The white boomers borrow – through their elected federal representatives .
The next generation – much more Hispanic and much more immigrant – is stuck with the bill .
But it ’s not that simple .
The bailout / stimulus program is a scam on top of a scam .
One generation may be trying to get something at the expense of the next – but they ’re both losing .
On the surface , the next generation gets stuck with the cost of bailing out the present generation .
But underneath , the bailout is a sham ; it does n’t really work .
It does n’t revive the economy .
All it does is move money from sensible households and good businesses to reckless spenders , mis-managed firms , and foolish projects .
The losers are the winners .
What it does n’t do is bring about a general recovery in the economy .
It ca n’t – for all the many reasons we ’ve described in these Daily Reckonings .
The feds can spend money .
But they ca n’t turn bad investments into good ones … nor turn hopeless , brain - dead companies into successful ones … nor erase $ 20 trillion of excess debt .
All the feds can do , in other words , is make a bad situation worse .
First , they mislead investors into believing the fix is in .
With all that money coming into the market , people think the problems are going away .
“ Everything is under control , ” they say to themselves .
Then , they put their money into stocks , deluding themselves that a new boom is underway .
Later , when it becomes clear that the boom is a long way off , they are deeply disappointed .
Stocks fall … and the economy enters a long , dark period of workouts , defaults , bankruptcies , disgrace and suicides .
Then , as we have explained many times , the feds ’ money actually delays the process of creative destruction .
Instead of burning off the dead wood and making room for new growth , the smoke jumpers at the Fed parachute out of airplanes to smother the flames .
Instead of a hot fire that burns itself out in 24 months … the economy suffers a slow burn for 10 years .
Another way they make the situation worse is by undermining the rule of law and the predictability of economic rules .
When a corporation goes broke BOTH the bondholders and the stockholders should suffer .
But in bumbles the Federal government with bailout money .
The share price plummets as investors anticipate a clumsy takeover – wiping out the shareholders .
But the bonds could even go up – as the firm is given easy credit , allowing it to stay out of bankruptcy and continue paying off the bondholders .
Worse , as in the case of the Chrysler bailout , the feds jumped in and upset everybody .
Instead of letting the markets sort out the stockholders and bondholders , they forced a political settlement that rewarded one class and punished another .
Bondholders got less than they should have …and the autoworkers union got more .
What is this ?
A free - market country with the rule of law ?
Or a third - world basket case in which the politicians decide who gets what ?
Are you watching the dollar ?
Maybe the unwinding of the dollar - based paper money system is coming sooner than we expected .
Yesterday , the dollar fell again – now it costs $ 1.37 to buy a euro .
And if you want an ounce of gold , it will cost you $ 937 .
It looks to us as though gold is headed to $ 1,000 again .
This is not what we expected …
Not yet anyway .
What we still expect is a broad , long rally in stock prices .
We think the Dow might go back to 10,000 before it is over .
This is the rebound we were waiting for .
It should boost asset prices generally – including gold , commodities and oil – as well as stocks .
Oil , by the way , rose $ 2 yesterday too .
It ’s back to $ 62 .
But this trend is probably a fake out .
Underlying the positive market news is an economy that continues to decay , degrade and deflate .
Remember , this is a depression , not a recession .
The bubble era is over .
Because the transmission is broken .
The financial industry has blown up .
It wo n’t be repaired .
Instead , it will be bailed out … nursed along … and mollycoddled .
Once a bubble blows up , it is never repaired and reflated .
Instead , if new money is added to the system , it goes into a new bubble .
Right now , the new bubble is in the US Treasury market .
How long that will last , we do n’t know .
But currently , if you put your money into Treasury bills – short - term US paper – your yield will be negative .
This does not happen very often .
If it ever happens in our lifetimes again , it will be when the moon turns blue .
And anyone betting on an indefinite continuation of this bubble is probably a lunatic .
But when it blows …we wish we could tell you .
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Twitter updates are used to communicate everything from birthday wishes to political opinions .
But there are some special , shining cases where the status update has been used to do some extraordinary things , from marriage proposals to breaking news , and much more .
The following are 10 of the most extraordinary and creative uses of Twitter updates .
These amazing updates have made the news , pushed the boundaries of what the status update can do , and have even fundamentally changed people 's lives .
This post is part of a Mashable mini-series providing analysis of social media ’s smallest big trend : the status update .
The series is supported by the TurboTax SuperStatus Contest , which invites you to win up to $ 25 K for an interesting Twitter or Facebook message .
1 . The marriage proposal
On May 28th , Max Kiesler asked Emily Chang for her hand in marriage .
And with three little words , she accepted his proposal .
Yes , in two little status updates , a couple got engaged .
Even the Mashable team was a little stunned .
What a way for two social media lovers to become forever connected .
The bonus was that thousands of people got to be part of their special moment .
Others have gotten engaged using Twitter , including @garazi to @stefsull and earlier this year , @grobertson to @film_girl .
2 . Tweeting from the womb
When is it too early to let your kids tweet ?
Well , if you 're Corey Menscher 's kid , it 's never too early .
Corey 's kid was tweeting at 6 months .... before he was even born .
Corey created a device and a Twitter account , kickbee , which sent out tweets anytime the kid ( Tyler ) kicked his mom .
Tyler , born on January 19th , 2009 , now " tweets " from his new account , minimensch .
This extraordinary use of Twitter updates to track baby development is just one example of extraordinarily unique applications of status updates that people have developed .
3 . The tweet from Mars
When ice was found on Mars , how did the news break ?
By the New York Times ?
No .
By the TV news networks ?
No . A blog ?
Wrong again .
The news broke that ice was discovered on Mars by the Twitter account of the Mars Phoenix Lander .
The Mars Phoenix Lander was a NASA JPL ( Jet Propulsion Laboratory ) vessel designed to collect information on Mars , specifically whether or not it could support life or even if it has life on it now .
The NASA JPL team sent out status updates as the Phoenix Lander , talking about what it found on the 4th planet from the sun .
The response was overwhelming , with tens of thousands of followers and increased visibility for the Mars mission and Twitter .
The Mars Phoneix Lander is truly the first to post status updates from another world .
4. Status updates for a worthy cause
Can people change the world for the better in 140 characters ?
The answer is a clear and definitive yes .
Not only can they change the world , but they already have , by mobilizing people towards worthy causes .
Twestival was a worldwide event on February 12th to bring Tweeters together and raise money for Charity : Water ( and a cause we were proud to support ) .
The result of all of these tweets ?
Over $ 250,000 raised for clean water across the globe .
This is not the only charity event held through Twitter .
Tweetsgiving raised $ 10,000 to build a classroom in Tanzania and Tweet - a - thon was a 12 - hour marathon of video and tweeting that raised money for Water is Life .
It 's clear that the status update can drive people to come together and give a piece of themselves for a greater cause .
5 . The Egyptian arrest case
On April 10th , 2008 , James Karl Buck and his translator were arrested by the Egyptian police while covering an anti-government protest .
James , a grad student from Berkeley , was able to tweet one word while being taken away by Egyptian authorities : Arrested .
This one update sparked his friends and followers into action , eventually leading to his university hiring a lawyer on his behalf and his release a day later .
This is proof that one update , even if it 's a single word , can mobilize people to action and change the course of events .
6 . Breaking the news first
It can take hours to write a good news article or blog post , 30 minutes to write a breaking news article , and even 5 minutes to write a couple lines to break the story .
With status updates , it takes a matter of seconds .
This has enabled Twitter to break news even before the news stations .
Since just one example wo n't suffice , here are several :
The status update fundamentally impacted how news is broken and tracked by the public .
7 . The job offer
Twitter is a great place to find a job , but RedMonk , an open - source analyst and consulting firm , took things a step further when it offered Tom Raftery a full - time position at the company ... via a Twitter update .
He accepted the offer .
It 's extraordinary how a few tweets can land people jobs .
8. Preventing Tragedy
On April 3rd , 2009 , there was a scare when a woman sent a tweet threatening suicide to actress and frequent Twitter user Demi Moore .
Moore 's response ?
Hope you are joking , followed by a retweet of the message .
Her thousands of followers quickly pinpointed the probable location of the woman and alerted authorities , who brought her in for hospitalization and psychological evaluation .
It 's not just about the extraordinary tweet , but about the reaction and mobilization a 140 character string can spark .
9 . The John McCain interview
Interviews tend to be long - winded affairs , and can be even longer when a politician is the one being interviewed .
How do you cut the interview down to the meat and bones , without all of the frills and political jargon ?
By limiting questions and responses to 140 characters , of course .
On March 17th , ABC News 's George Stephanopoulos interviewed Senator John McCain on Iraq , the economy , and his family via Twitter @reply messages .
The interview was a unique experiment in many respects : answers had to be brief and thousands of people would be watching in real - time .
The experiment is in the books , but as more and more people look to Twitter for information , expect more Twinterviews and other great experiments utilizing the constraints of the status update .
10 .
The first update
Of course , none of these extraordinary updates would be possible if it were n't for the first Twitter update and for the innovations that made it possible .
The first Twitter status update ever sent on March 21st , 2006 by Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey .
Extraordinary status updates :
What 's in store ?
It 's hard to believe that the status update is only a few years old .
But in that time span , millions of people have updated their status billions of times .
As social media grows more and more popular , the status update will be central in how our culture interacts and grows .
Have more extraordinary Twitter updates to bring to our attention ?
Tell us about them in comments .
This post is part of a Mashable mini-series providing analysis of social media ’s smallest big trend : the status update .
The series is supported by the TurboTax SuperStatus Contest , which invites you to win up to $ 25 K for an interesting Twitter or Facebook message .
More social media resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , Cronick
Every other day , we read about plenty of new software that promise to get rid of our woes and improve our experience as a PC user .
We read about such apps , download , try and then move on .
However , the following apps would really make any average PC user say “ Wow ” .
Sometimes , even the power users might be astonished and go gaga over them .
Have a look :
# 1. LemonScreen – Your face is your password
LemonScreen works with your webcam and uses a face recognition technology to lock down your computer immediately when you step away from your desk .
You need n’t type your password again to login .
It automatically makes out that you ’re infront of your computer with inputs from your webcam and unlocks your computer in no time .
# 2. Tunatic – Identify Song Title With Just The Audio
There ’s a song playing on your local radio station but nobody is telling you what that song is .
If you ’ve got a microphone , place it near the audio source and pass the audio via Tunatic .
It can help you identify that song .
Yes , then you can really go buy that song ( or rather , download ) :P
# 3. Songsmith – Got only Vocals ?
Add some music , baby !
If you think you can only sing and not compose music , try the Songsmith app from Microsoft that automatically adds background music from any of 30 different styles to accompany your voice .
The results may not be as you mind - blowing , but you have to realise it ’s a product that ’s probably in its nascent stages .
# 4 . Shock Desktop 3D – Make your Desktop a 3D Playground
With this utility installed , it will seem like 2D Desktops are so passe .
Shock Desktop 3D gives your desktop a very cool 3D look .
Your icons actually look like cubes and you can play with them as if they were objects on a real table .
Watch the video to believe .
There are quite a few draw backs when you compare it with the much hyped , invite - only beta Bumptop , though .
# 5 . Unshredder – Reassembles Shredded Papers
If you think no one can reproduce confidential company information from papers that you shredded using a document shredder , think again .
Unshredder can easily put together all these shreds ( yep , after you ’ve scanned all those pieces ) and make them readable again .
Guest Blogger Shankar Ganesh writes on KillerTechTips.com , where he covers tech tips ranging from essential windows utilities to how to make windows faster .
You can also share your tips by writing a guest article on QOT .
" You do n't have to do this . "
Those are the near - last words of several victims in the Coen brothers ' classic film No Country for Old Men , as they try to convince the movie 's unrelenting assassin that he should spare them .
The assassin , played by Javier Bardem , finds this annoying , because in his mind these murders are pre-determined .
So it is with the IMF 's continuing confrontations with its borrowers , with one government after another pleading : " You do n't have to do this . "
Turkey and Latvia were in the news last week , having joined the roster of governments whose IMF disbursements are being withheld because they find it politically impossible to impose the required punishments on their citizens .
The IMF sees these measures as necessary and pre-determined – in most cases by the borrowing countries ' having run-up unsustainable external or budget imbalances .
But in fact the IMF has a long track record – dating back decades – of imposing unnecessary and often harmful conditions on borrowing countries .
Latvia missed a 200 million euro disbursement from the IMF in March for not cutting its budget enough .
According to press reports , the government wants to run a budget deficit of 7 % of GDP for this year , and the IMF wants 5 % .
Latvia is already cutting its budget by 40 % , and is planning to close some public hospitals and schools in order to make the IMF 's targets , prompting street protests .
Latvia 's GDP crashed by 18 % in the first quarter of this year , after a 10.3 % drop in the preceding quarter .
These are among the worst declines in the world .
This indicates that the IMF 's prescription is serious overkill .
The purpose of IMF aid is supposedly to make any necessary adjustment easier , not worse .
In Pakistan , it would be surprising if the US Treasury , which is the principal overseer of the IMF , did not see a need to ease up on the contractionary IMF conditions there .
The government of nuclear - armed Pakistan is facing serious political problems right now , having recently launched a major offensive against a growing Taliban insurgency .
Slowing Pakistan 's economy at a time when the global economic crisis is already doing that may not be the best policy from the point of view of political stability .
The IMF has negotiated an increase in Pakistan 's fiscal deficit from 3.4 % to 4.6 % of GDP , but is holding the line against lowering interest rates .
In almost all of its standby arrangements negotiated over the last year , the IMF has included conditions that will reduce output and employment in situations where economies are already shrinking .
Yet here in Washington there is a rush to get the IMF more money without any congressional hearings or debate .
We are told that poor countries will suffer if the IMF does not get a $ 108bn appropriation from Congress immediately .
But this is nonsense .
If we add up all of the IMF 's commitments under the 16 standby arrangements negotiated since the crisis intensified last year , the total is less than $ 46bn .
The poorest countries will not be allowed to borrow anywhere near that amount .
The IMF already has $ 215bn on hand , plus more than $ 100bn in gold reserves .
It plans to create another $ 250bn in SDR's , ie the IMF 's currency .
Even if we include the $ 67.5 bn that Mexico ( $ 47bn ) and Poland ( $ 20.5 bn ) together can tap under the IMF 's flexible credit line , it is clear the IMF is trying to get hundreds of billions of dollars more than it is likely to need .
And it has at least ten times the money that the poor countries – whose needs are pocket change compared to IMF resources – will ever be allowed to borrow .
Yet the Obama administration , in a surprise move out of nowhere on Tuesday , decided to try and attach the $ 108bn for the IMF to another spending bill in order to circumvent the normal legislative process .
The reason for this stealth maneuver is that they might run into trouble in the House , where legislators are wary of voting for multi-billion blank cheques after the backlash against the Tarp financial bailout .
They will try to convince Congress to approve this money without hearings or debate with the idea that it must be done in order to save poor people in poor countries .
Congress should be met with a chorus of opposition : " You do n't have to do this . "
Banks that created the crisis may profit from the cleanup Banks may profit from their mess
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner probably does n’t have a lot of time to watch YouTube videos , but there ’s one he should take a few minutes to review .
It ’s from a Feb. 11 hearing of the House Banking Committee in which Rep. Mike Capuano , D - Mass . , asked eight top executives for the country ’s largest banks how many of them engaged in trading credit default swaps and other derivatives .
All raised their hands .
“ Basically , all or most of you engaged in all or at least some of the activities that actually created this crisis , ” Capuano responded .
Had Geithner seen Capuano ’s rant , a blistering tirade that gave voice to America ’s exasperation with Wall Street , he might have thought twice about allowing the banks to essentially dominate the proposed market for trading derivatives .
Geithner recently unveiled new regulations for the derivatives market , which a year ago was worth about $ 684 trillion .
It requires that the arcane financial instruments trade through a central clearinghouse and that the dealers be subject to increased capital and reporting requirements .
That does n’t sound so bad , but the new rules would make it difficult to trade derivatives unless you ’re a bank .
That may make some sense for financial derivatives like credit - default swaps , but it creates a problem for the fringes of the derivatives markets , such as energy trading , where companies are n’t structured like banks .
Commodities derivatives are a tiny slice — about 2 percent — of the overall derivatives market , but they have a big effect on companies and consumers .
Oil and derivatives
Independent oil producers , for example , may not have the balance sheet they ’d need under the rules to trade derivatives , which many use to hedge against swings in commodity prices .
I spoke with several energy traders last week , and though they did n’t want me to quote them , they were worried that the language in the new rules would give banks a lock on the market .
The Treasury did n’t seek their input in creating the new rules , they said .
Metals traders have expressed similar concern .
It ’s also unclear how the new rules would affect trades of carbon offsets required under the proposed cap - and - trade bill I wrote about Friday .
Metals traders have expressed similar concern .
It ’s also unclear how the new rules would affect trades of carbon offsets required under the proposed cap - and - trade bill I wrote about Friday .
Most of us do n’t really understand how derivatives work , and it may not seem terribly important how they ’re traded .
But derivatives affect the prices we pay for things like airline tickets , food and electricity .
Companies use them to hedge against the unexpected .
Ski resorts , for example , use derivatives to protect against light snowfall .
A spokeswoman for Southwest Airlines , the most effective air carrier at using derivatives to keep fuel costs down , said the company is monitoring the rule proposal but has n’t taken a position .
The Enron factor
There is , of course , an uncomfortable flashback in arguing that traders should n’t be shut out .
One of the biggest non -bank sellers of derivatives a decade ago was Enron .
But it ’s possible to increase the scrutiny of the over - the - counter derivatives market without limiting who can participate .
Clearinghouses , for example , should make pricing more transparent .
Instead , we seem to be allowing those most responsible for our current crisis to rewrite the rules and enrich themselves yet again at the expense of everyone else , to profit from the mess they helped create .
“ It ’s all the same people doing this , ” Capuano said during the February hearing .
In the end , it comes down to a show of hands .
First bankers got their hands stuck in the financial cookie jar , then they got a handout from the government , and now they ’re making a grab for the derivatives market .
At every turn , Wall Street wins , hands down .
Loren Steffy is the Chronicle ’s business columnist .
His commentary appears Sundays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Contact him at loren.steffy@chron.com .
His blog is at http://blogs.chron.com/lorensteffy/.
refurbishment of an apartment at humlegården , stockholm image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts all photos © åke e:son lindman
departing from the traditional swedish interior use of colour and patterns , developed by artists and architects like carl larsson and josef frank , this apartment also relates directly to the setting at the park humlegården where the greenery outside changes with the season .
from winter grey and black , to summertime bright and deep green , to orange , red and yellow in autumn .
tham & videgard arkitekts first starting point was to reestablish the well crafted quality of the once high - class turn of the century apartment ( late jugend / art nouveau 1800 / 1900 ) that had been totally altered , and even for some time transformed into a hotel , leaving very few traces of the original .
they used patterns and colour to order space in previous projects that the occupants had seen .
the overlapping colours transform the layout of the apartment and add a new structure of spaces linked to each other across the original plan .
the parquet floor also function as a uniting system that offer design possibilities .
once they had set up colours in different shades , they developed each room in relation to the others , every piece of parquet was defined to fit into the right position , there was no random factor in the construction process .
white furniture : when it was all rendered in white , the physical design of each piece of furniture is highlighted .
at the same time it made it possible to create a coherent ensemble including pieces from very different designers and times .
one - offs : in this apartment they used the almost round - table , the sweden dining table , the carrara hexagon table , the triangular childrens table , and the white hexagon museum bench in the entrance , originally designed for the kalmar museum of art .
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
humlegården apartment floor plan image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
humlegården apartment exterior image courtesy tham & videgard arkitekts
project info :
name : humlegården apartment architects : tham & videgård arkitekter / bolle tham and martin videgård collaborators : tove belfrage , helene amundsen , johan björkholm , karolina nyström dates : project 2006 - 2007 , construction 2007 - 2008 .
address : engelbrektsgatan , stockholm , sweden client : undisclosed .
photography : åke e:son lindman
Not content with Robot Chicken slaughtering any sacred nerd cows that it can imagine and then some , Seth Green , Tom Root and Matthew Senreich are planning a long - form assault on the cartoons of your youth .
Advertisement
Cartoon Network has ordered nine episodes of Titan Maximum , a new series from the Robot Chicken creators as part of the network 's Adult Swim programming .
The show - a continuing story , as opposed to Chicken 's sketches - follows former members of a Voltron - esque team whose vehicles formed the eponymous Titan as they try to reunite to save the universe from one of their own , voiced by Green himself .
Producer Root explains the appeal of the show :
There were always teams of extraordinary young people with the fate of the universe in their hands ...
In reality , that would end terribly .
The last thing you want when giant monsters attack is a bunch of teenagers in charge of defending you .
' Titan Maximum ' is about what would really happen if a team of idiot kids was in charge of a 6 - story - tall robot .
Advertisement
Even if the premise does n't appeal to your inner cynical six - year - old , the writing staff might ; amongst their number is Green Lantern 's Geoff Johns and Amazing Spider - Man 's Zeb Wells .
The series launches in September ; the Voltron revival has been postponed indefinitely as a result .
Adult Swim orders ' Titan ' [ Variety ]
On Thursday ( at 13:12 UT ) Arianespace will send into orbit two scientific satellites for the European Space Agency : the Herschel space telescope and the Planck scientific observatory .
The launch process which will take these amazing new instruments from the ground into space takes less than an hour !
I will be watching the event live from Cardiff ( you can watch it here ) and was curious as to how exactly it would unfold .
This post features some interactive charts that show the altitude , velocity and acceleration of the Ariane rocket as it progress through the air into space .
You can click and drag to zoom in on a section of these charts .
Move your mouse around inside them to get more information .
You need flash to see this interactive graph
You need flash to see this interactive graph
You need flash to see this interactive graph
7 seconds after ignition of the main stage cryogenic engine , two solid - propellant boosters are ignited , and we have liftoff .
The launch begins with a 6 second vertical climb .
The onboard computers optimize the motion of the rocket in real time , in order to minimise fuel consumption .
The main stage engine takes the launcher into an intermediate orbit before the end stage takes the payload into the final orbit .
You can clearly see the change between the two stages on the velocity and acceleration graphs at about 9 minutes .
The main stage of the launcher will apparently fall back , just off the coast of Africa in the Atlantic Ocean .
The launcher will remain at an altitude of about 852 kilometers travelling at about 10,000 meters / second !
The fairing protecting the Herschel , Planck spacecraft is jettisoned shortly after the boosters .
By the end of the process , Herschel and Planck will be on their way to a placed called ‘ L2 ’ , a point in space where objects sit ‘ behind ’ the Earth with respect to the Sun ( see diagram below ) .
L2 is a good spot for space - based observatories because they are effectively ‘ towed ’ around in orbit with the Earth but remain roughly stationary with respect to it .
Herschel and Planck will not be alone at L2 .
The Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe is already there and the Gaia mission and James Webb Space Telescope will also be placed at L2 .
The Herschel space telescope has two main objectives : observation of the “ cold ” Universe , in particular the formation of stars and galaxies ; and studying the chemical composition of celestial bodies and the molecular chemistry of the Universe .
Herschel ’s mirror , at 3.5 meters in diameter , will be the largest ever deployed in space .
It will wiegh over 3,400 kg at launch .
For more info visit the ESA Herschel page .
Planck is designed to analyze the remnants of the radiation that filled the Universe immediately after the Big Bang , which we observe today as the cosmic microwave background .
Planck will provide vital information concerning the creation of the Universe and the origins of the cosmic structure .
It will weigh 1,920 kg at launch .
For more info visit the ESA Planck page .
[ More info in Ariancespace press release .
Launch image : ESA -CNES-ARIANESPACE , L2 diagram : ESA / NASA ]
Libby : " Trimet has misled the citizens of Portland ... "
Trimet has " misled the citizens of Portland " by saying budget concerns are to blame for ruling out designer Miguel Rosales for its bridge across the Willamette , according to architecture blogger Brian Libby .
It turns out , Trimet never even contacted Rosales for a budget estimate , says Rosales , leading Libby to conclude the whole deal was " rigged to fail " by Trimet .
Libby quotes Sarah Mirk 's post from Friday , and a subsequent interview with Rosales done by Portland Spaces :
Next Thursday Trimet unveils budget estimates on Rosales hybrid design .
Rumors are floating that the price tag will kill the design and clear the way for Trimet to build what agency insiders wanted all along : an off - the - shelf cable - stay .
Rosales confirmed that Trimet and the bridge cost estimator never contacted him or his engineer with any questions about the design at all .
“ In my experience , that ’s never happened , ” he said .
“ I do n’t know how you estimate the cost of the design without talking to the architect or engineer . ”
" If the hybrid is indeed not going to happen , it seems TriMet killed the concept out of fear it will cost too much , " writes Libby .
But : " Instead of conducting further research looking to confirm or deny that suspicion , they simply have gone ahead with dismissing the hybrid as too expensive . "
" If Rosales is correct that Trimet never contacted his team , that to me means that Trimet has misled the citizens of Portland by pretending to conduct a reasonable and open minded , public - influenced process that really never was , " Libby concludes .
I do n't know about you , but I 'm loving the newer , feistier Brian Libby .
He 's willing to take a stand on architecture issues on behalf of Portland 's design community and its broader citizenry , instead of letting them simply be decided by folks behind closed doors .
We 've got a Sunday morning call in to Trimet spokeswoman Mary Fetsch to respond to Libby 's post .
In the mean time , be warned .
Libby appears to be contemplating direct action in the comments on the Portland Spaces blog :
We need to be strategizing how we ’ll get Trimet to change its mind .
Does any local or regional government body have authority over Trimet ?
We need to find the right elected officials who have the authority to make Trimet listen .
Or failing that , we need to find some other way of forcing Trimet to go back and reverse its decision .
That might have to be something as outsider as a flood of letters and emails , it may mean 100 of us crowding into Fred Hansen ’s office and refusing to leave until we ’re arrested , or who knows what else ?
Just like with Memorial Coliseum , we can not let our elected officials desecrate and compromise Portland ’s built environment .
Trimet has thrust a rusty dagger into the heart of its own city , and we need to rise up to combat it .
This one could run some .
If I were Trimet 's board of bridge choosers , I 'd be thinking , " we should probably engage on this issue , now , before we get humiliated . "
But you know : Trimet , public process .
Oxymorons !
Check back for updates .
LIVERMORE , California –
It may look like one of Michael Bay 's Transformers , but this mass of machinery could soon be the birthplace of a baby star right here on Earth .
Using 192 separate lasers and a 400 - foot - long series of amplifiers and filters , scientists at Lawrence Livermore 's National Ignition Facility ( NIF ) hope to create a self - sustaining fusion reaction like the ones in the sun or the explosion of a nuclear bomb – only on a much smaller scale .
Sci -fi-inspired End of Days jokes may follow this historic undertaking like they did for CERN's Large Hadron Collider , but the science behind this advanced laser system is profoundly serious .
" Completion of the NIF construction project is a major milestone for the NIF team , for the nation and the world , " said Edward Moses , the facility 's principal associate director for NIF and photon science .
" We are well on our way to achieving what we set out to do – controlled nuclear fusion and energy gain for the first time ever in a laboratory setting . "
The hope is that this reaction will release more energy than the lasers put into the target isotopes and perhaps redefine the global energy crisis in the process .
Wired.com visited the National Ignition Facility just as the final lasers were coming on line .
Read on for a virtual tour of one of the most sophisticated scientific facilities on the planet .
Here in the enormous target chamber , the 192 laser beams enter the blue , 33 - foot - in - diameter vacuum chamber ( the blue hemisphere in the top photo connected to the metallic arms ) where they will collide with a target roughly the size of a peppercorn .
The beams start out in a different part of the facility as lower powered infrared light , similar to what 's inside your DVD player .
Next , the lasers pass through a complex series of amplifiers , filters and mirrors ( much of which you 'll see later on in the gallery ) in order to become powerful and precise enough to create self - sustaining fusion .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
Smaller than a BB , the beryllium sphere containing the radioactive hydrogen isotopes , deuterium and tritium , will be bombarded with x-rays generated by the system 's 192 lasers .
The trick to fusion is getting enough energy to fuse two nuclei together – in this case , the nuclei of hydrogen .
Because the forces keeping the nuclei apart are so strong , the task requires extremely complex engineering and an insane amount of power .
For example , right before the beams enter the vacuum chamber which contains the target pebble pictured above , the lasers are converted to ultraviolet light by huge synthetic crystals .
Once inside the chamber the beams enter a jellybean - sized reflective shell called a hohlraum ( German for " hollow room " ) where the energy of the beams generates high power x-rays .
Theoretically , the x-rays will be powerful enough to create enough heat and pressure to overcome the electromagnetic force that keeps the isotopes ' nuclei separate , and the nuclei will fuse .
Photo : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
Atop the target chamber pictured on the first page is a crane and airlock hatch for lowering equipment into the vacuum chamber .
If the experiment works it will be a precursor to the power plant of the future and improve scientists ' understanding of the forces in our universe .
In a time when conventional nuclear tests are banned , it could also provide valuable insight into the inner workings of nuclear weapons .
One laser beam feeds into the Precision Diagnostic System , which allows the laser to be sampled to make sure it is working properly before entering the target chamber .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
As seen from the laser bay overlook , NIF 's Laser Bay 2 stretches over 400 feet into the distance where lasers are amplified and filtered on their way to the target chamber .
Three previous laser fusion systems have been built in the past 35 years at Livermore Lab , none of which produced enough energy to reach fusion .
The first , Janus , went online in 1974 .
It created 10 joules of energy .
The next experiment , in 1977 , was a laser system known as Shiva , which achieved 10,000 joules .
Finally , in 1984 , a project named Nova produced 30,000 joules , and it was the first time its creators actually believed there was a chance of fusion .
This newest system by the NIF team is expected to create 1.8 million joules of ultraviolet energy , which scientists hypothesize will create a baby star in Livermore with positive power output .
NIF contains more than 3,000 chunks of neodymium - doped phosphate amplifier glass – basically a material that increases the power of the laser beams used in the fusion experiment when energized by giant flashlamps .
These amplifier glass slabs are hidden away inside airtight enclosures throughout the laser bay ( above ) .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
Technicians work on the beam tubes inside the laser bay that carry the lasers into the switchyard .
From there they are redirected and aligned before entering the target chamber .
Throughout the entire NIF facility , emergency shutdown panels listing the status of the laser ( using both text and light ) provide a level of safety for the hapless scientist or technician who happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time before a firing of the lasers .
Fiber optic strands ( yellow cables and trough ) feed low - powered laser light into the power amplifiers .
There , they will be amplified by powerful strobes as they pass through synthetic neodymium - doped phosphate glass ( the pink glass pictured on page 4 ) .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
The power amplifiers hidden by the metallic covers on the ceiling contain the glass slabs which greatly increase the power of the laser .
Just before the laser enters the amplifier glass , flashlamps pump energy into the glass , which is then picked up by the laser beam .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
Deformable mirrors hidden away above the silver covers on the ceiling are used to shape the beam 's wavefront and compensate for any flaws before it enters the switchyard .
Each mirror uses 39 actuators to change the shape of the mirror 's surface and correct the beam .
The wires you see here are used to control the mirror actuators .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
The Lower Preamplifiers amplify , shape and smooth the laser beams before sending them off to the main and power amplifiers .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
The power amplifiers and other components are transported and installed using a stand - alone , portable cleanroom , like the ones used to assemble microchips .
Each power amplifier is assembled in a nearby cleanroom and transported into place in the beam line by robot transporters , similar to those Wal - Mart uses to stock their wares .
A technician calibrates a power amplifier before it is placed into the beamline .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
The main control room looks similar to NASA 's mission control for a reason : it was modeled after it .
Instead of launching rockets into outer space , NIF will be attempting to bring the power of the stars – nuclear fusion – to Earth with lasers .
The control center for the beam source , known as the master oscillator room , looks similar to a server farm , but instead of computers , racks of laser equipment fill the room .
Like the network your internet provider uses , the beams travel through optical fibers on their way to the power amplifiers .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
The NIF lasers start out in relatively small , low - powered and boring boxes ( below and on the edge of the optic bench at right ) .
The lasers are solid state and not much different than a standard laser pointer , albeit a different wavelength – infrared instead of visible .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
High - power flashlamps , like the one in your camera but super - sized , are used to excite the lasers .
Each beam starts out about as strong as the one in your laser pointer , but all together they end up pumping out 500 terawatts for two - billionths of a second – roughly 500 times the entire peak power output of the United States .
This is possible because the lab 's giant bank of capacitors stores up a reservoir of energy .
The bank is also quite dangerous – while the capacitors are charged , the room that holds them is on lockdown due to the risk of high voltage arcing and potentially injuring any visitors .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com |
Like a scene out of Half - Life , the exterior of the NIF facility belies the history - making science conducted within .
Photos : Dave Bullock / Wired.com
Follow Dave Bullock on Twitter and on his blog
Russia 's top investigator is claiming that the Georgians employed mercenaries during their August war – including female snipers from Ukraine and Latvia .
Reuters reports :
Asked to list the nationalities of the foreign fighters it believes were involved , Alexander Bastrykin , head of the Prosecutor - General 's investigative committee said : " America , the Czech Republic , Chechnya , the Baltic States , Ukraine and Turkey . "
Bastrykin added : " There were also two snipers ... one from Ukraine and I believe a Latvian woman . "
That sounds an awful lot like the mythical " white tights " – the exotic female snipers of Chechen war lore who were said to pick off hapless Russian conscripts .
As the story had it , these stone - cold , blue eyed killers were said to be from the Baltics – or Ukraine .
They were sometimes described as Olympic biathletes recruited as mercenary sharpshooters by Chechen commanders .
Writing in the UK * Independent * during the 1994-1996 Chechen war , Andrew Higgins observed :
From the very start of the conflict in Chechnya , Moscow has been unable to admit that the Chechens could possibly be fighting on their own .
To explain the debacle , Russian propaganda has paraded a far - fetched collection of bloodthirsty foreign mischief - makers , including Afghan mujahedin , Ukrainian Fascists , Islamic fanatics , Chechen migrants from
Jordan and , in a crude flourish that smacks of sexually frustrated barrack - room fantasy , female snipers from the Baltics in white tights .
Even the Russian Wikipedia page describes the " white tights " ( Russian : belye kolgotki ) as a " myth born in military folklore " that was picked up on in official propaganda .
This claim is also reminiscent of the case of Michael Lee White .
During the war with Georgia , Russian officials produced his passport as proof that foreign agents had led or advised Georgian troops ( Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin also insinuated that the United States deliberately stirred up the conflict to aid Sen. John McCain in his presidential bid ) .
The Wall Street Journal eventually tracked White down – in Guangzhou , China , where he was working as an English teacher .
[ PHOTO : U.S. Department of Defense ]
ALSO :
Yes , we hate plastics !
Not only is this evil material bad for our environment , over and over again the news reports the negative effects of plastic chemicals on our children ’s health .
From BPA to phthalates , plastics are to blame for a slew of health problems .
Now , a long term study of girls living in Harlem has linked exposure to the chemicals in plastics to childhood obesity .
Yes , plastics make kids fat , well at least there is a correlation .
Researchers at Mount Sinai Medical Center discovered that when phthalates are absorbed into the body and act as endocrine disruptors , obesity levels rise in mice .
The East Harlem study is the first one to link endocrine disruptors ro human obesity .
Dr. Philip J. Landrigan , a professor of pediatrics at Mount Sinai , explains :
The heaviest girls have the highest levels of phthalates metabolites in their urine .
It goes up as the children get heavier , but it ’s most evident in the heaviest kids .
When we say children , I ’m talking about kindergarten children , we are talking about little kids .
This is a problem that begins early in life .
“ Growing Up Healthy in East Harlem ” has been studying over last 10 years children ’s health factors , including pesticides , diet , and proximity to bodegas .
40 % of children living in Harlem are overweight or obese , and the study found the levels of phthalates measured in children are significantly higher than the average levels reported by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for children across the entire United States .
Image : cliff1066 on Flickr under a Creative Commons License
US senators have drafted legislation that would give the federal government unprecedented authority over the nation 's critical infrastructure , including the power to shut down or limit traffic on private networks during emergencies .
The bill would also establish a broad set of cybersecurity standards that would be imposed on the government and the private sector , including companies that provide software , IT work or other services to networks that are deemed to be critical infrastructure .
It would also mandate licenses for all individuals administering to strategically important networks .
The bill , which is being co-sponsored by Senate Commerce Committee chairman John Rockefeller IV and Senator Olympia Snowe , was expected to be referred to a senate committee on Wednesday .
Shortly after a working draft of the legislation began circulating , some industry groups lined up to criticize it for giving the government too much control over the internet and the private companies that make it possible .
" This gives the president too much power and there 's too little oversight , if there 's any at all , " said Gregory Nojeim , senior counsel at the Center for Democracy and Technology .
" It gives him the power to act in the interest of national security , a vague term that has been broadly defined . "
Nojeim was pointing to language in the bill that permits the president to " order the limitation or shutdown of internet traffic to and from any compromised federal government or United States critical infrastructure information system or network " after first declaring a national cybersecurity emergency .
A separate provision allows the executive in chief to " order the disconnection of any federal government or United States critical infrastructure information systems or networks in the interest of national security . "
" It applies to any critical infrastructure , " Nojeim added .
" Surely , the internet is one . "
The bill would also require NIST , or the National Institute of Standards and Technology , to draft " measurable and auditable cybersecurity standards for all federal government , government contractor , or grantee critical infrastructure information systems and networks . "
The standards would govern software configuration and security and would apply to vendors , contractors and federal employees who administer nationally vital networks .
Under the legislation , it would also be illegal for employees or contractors providing " cybersecurity services to any federal agency or an information system or network designated by the president , or the president ’s designee , as a critical infrastructure information system or network , who is not licensed and certified under the program . "
A second bill , also co-sponsored by Rockefeller and Snowe , would establish a national cybersecurity advisor who would report directly to the president .
The advisor would serve as the executive branch 's lead official on all cyber matters and would coordinate with intelligence officials and civilian agencies .
The bill largely codifies recommendations issued in December by more than 60 security experts in government and the private sector .
The Obama administration has outlined a master plan that largely follows those recommendations pending a 60 - day review .
The bills are intended to protect a broad range of the nation 's infrastructure - including networks for the country 's banking industry , utilities , transportation and telecommunications - from cyber attacks .
Few security professionals doubt that critical infrastructure is vulnerable to terrorist sabotage or criminal cyber attacks that could shut down large swaths of the economy .
But they also look at the government 's track record in defending its own networks and worry the measures could end up making matters worse .
" There 's a lot of good stuff in here , but a lot of it is easier said then done , " said Tom Parker , director of commercial security services at Alexandria , Virginia - based Securicon .
" My concern about the bill in general is around what has not been specified , will be interpreted and implemented .
There is a lot of wiggle room in there . " ®
A most curious saga began last October when an e-mail was sent to Irish newspapers , telling an exciting tale of audacious entrepreneurship involving an unknown young businessman .
It said that 25 - year - old Stuart Pearson of Kilkenny was thinking of bidding hundreds of millions to buy a property company that was in deep financial trouble .
This was big news in a country hit particularly hard by the global financial crisis .
The papers carried the news , and in the weeks that followed there were more stories of Pearson negotiating multimillion - euro deals in defiance of the credit crunch .
But now things are not so clear - cut – and the question is being posed : is Stuart Pearson really worth a fortune ?
Or is he simply a guy who runs a sweet shop in rural Ireland who allowed his imagination to run riot ?
Pearson has certainly managed to get much of the Irish media to take him at face value , portraying him as a genuine multimillionaire intent on expanding an already substantial financial empire .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Papers first of heard of Pearson via an e-mail from an anonymous source which , according to Laura Keys , a reporter on the Kilkenny People , tipped them off about a young businessman on the verge of a multimillion euro deal .
When contacted , Pearson himself confirmed the story to all and sundry .
He told one newspaper , " speaking exclusively " , that the deal would be worth between € 350 m ( £ 307 m ) and € 450 m .
" We 're hoping to launch a takeover , but we 'd prefer to take the whole company rather than just parts of it , " he said .
As soon as one paper ran the story , others followed .
One weekly showcased him as : " A young Kilkenny businessman who inherited a fortune several years ago has launched a multimillion - euro bid to take over one of Ireland 's largest private building companies . "
Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia which can be altered by anyone , also appeared to confirm the story .
" According to interviews , Pearson inherited money from relatives ' land in 2003 .
This was held by trustees till 2008 , who invested it in property – mostly commercial – in Ireland and Britain , " his entry reads .
It goes on to cite reports that Pearson has a " war chest " of up to € 2bn , having profited from retail property deals in London worth almost £ 1bn and a New York investment which yielded up to € 800m .
Other reports described his apparently fabulous lifestyle : " He keeps a full stables at his home in County Kilkenny .
Hunting is his main passion , although he also keeps several racehorses .
Pearson is also a collector of vintage Jaguar cars , while he drives a sovereign four - litre special edition himself .
Flying is also an interest , and he uses a Robinson helicopter for work . "
But all this has come as a huge surprise to Stuart Pearson 's neighbours in the quiet village of Goresbridge , where he is known not as an international high - flyer but as the guy who runs a sweet - shop in nearby Graiguenamanagh .
If he is a tycoon , he has not given up the day job .
The sweet shop is not part of his sprawling property empire , since he rents rather than owns it .
It is believed his home , a modest bungalow , is also rented .
An Irish Times reporter who visited the village found no trace of " the full stables " .
Nor was there a collection of vintage Jaguars : there was just one , described as " elderly and much - repaired " .
Bemused locals say they remain untroubled by helicopter noise .
The sweet shop sells newspapers , including some of those which have chronicled Pearson 's exploits .
An employee serving there said Pearson had not been seen for a few days and was with his wife , who was " sick " .
However , his wife Sarah , when visited , said she was separated from her husband , did not know where he is , and knows nothing about his reported business deals .
Pearson is a regular at a local take - away , where staff described him as a nice man .
They said his favourite dishes are the " quarter - pounder meal deal " and the chicken curry , both of which cost less than €7 .
Laura Keys said yesterday : " We had our doubts about it – right from the start there were things that did n't really make sense .
In the beginning I suppose I was inclined to believe him to a degree , but his story has changed so many times .
I think he 's a bit of a grandstander – he seems to have some reason for wanting all this attention .
He took everyone in . "
Another local newspaperman was more blunt : " Pearson is a Walter Mitty , complete Walter Mitty , " he said dismissively .
" He has n't two cents to his name . "
Pearson has made a point , in the course of his ( reportedly ) rapid financial rise , of making himself readily available to newspapers for interviews .
Yesterday however he was not available to discuss his fortune .
Attempts to contact him were unsuccessful , both his phone lines carrying the message : " You have dialled an incorrect number . "
Here ’s an article from the August 1935 issue of Modern Mechanix about a device called the “ Notificator ” , which sounds a lot like an old - school version of Twitter :
Here ’s the text of the article :
To aid persons who wish to make or cancel appointments or inform friends of their whereabouts , a robot message carrier has been introduced in London , England .
Known as the “ notificator ” , the new machine is installed in streets , stores , railroad stations or other public places where individuals may leave messages for friends .
The user walks up on a small platform in front of the machine , writes a brief message on a continuous strip of paper and drops a coin in the slot .
The inscription moves up behind a glass panel where it remains in public view for at least two hours so that the person for whom it is intended may have sufficient time to observe the note at the appointed place .
The machine is similar in appearance to a candy - vending device .
[ Found via Philip Bond ]
FORT WORTH - Researchers in Texas are trying an unusual approach to combat fire ants - deploying parasitic flies that turn the pesky and economically costly insects into zombies whose heads fall off .
The biting , territorial fire ants cost the Texas economy about $ 1 billion annually by damaging electrical equipment , according to a Texas A&M study .
They can also threaten young calves .
But now the researchers are trying a tiny phorid fly , native to a region of South America where the fire ants originated .
Researchers have learned that fire ants in their home region are kept under control by as many as 23 phorid species .
The flies lay eggs on the fire ants , and the eggs hatch into maggots inside the ant and eat away at the pest 's tiny brain .
" There is no brain left in the ant , and the ant just starts wandering aimlessly , " said Rob Plowes , a research associate at the University of Texas at Austin .
Soon , the ant 's head falls off - and a new fly emerges ready to attack another fire ant .
Four phorid species have been introduced in the state since 1999 .
They do n't attack native ants or other species and have been introduced in other Gulf Coast states , Plowes told the Fort Worth Star - Telegram .
But it will take time to determine if the flies are effective in Texas , perhaps a decade .
" It 's not an immediate silver - bullet impact , " Plowes said .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
Legendary Money Maker
Group : Lifetime Supporters
Posts : 17,011
Dream Points : 57,562
Experience Points : 17,610
Joined : 15 - April 07
Member No. : 15,677
Joined : 15 - April 07 Member No. : 15,677
12 Simple Steps to Effective Websites
By Nancy Fraser © 2009
The Owl and the Pussy - cat went to sea
In a beautiful pea green boat ,
They took some honey , and plenty of money ,
Wrapped up in a five pound note .
Edward Lear must have had some precognition about what was in store for us all with the development of the internet when he wrote this nonsensical poem .
Many people do feel at sea after they launch their website and attempt to navigate the sometimes confusing channels of the internet .
They wonder why their website does n't get more traff�c and why their inbox is not filling up with emails from people clamoring to buy their products or services .
It seems that the rules change as often as Oprah changes her clothes and who could ever hope to keep up with that !
Price quotes for search engine optimization are all over the map ; the process seems never - ending and expensive .
How is it that some people seem to have great success on the web without spending a huge amount of money ?
Is it unrealistic to think that you can make a living working on the web ?
When faced with a seemingly overwhelming challenge it helps to break things down into bite - sized pieces .
Effective websites should include the following :
1 . Your website needs to focus on a specific niche .
2 . You need to do keyword research and although Google no longer gives weight to Meta keywords some of the other major search engines still do .
3 . Your website should have the main keyword used throughout and each page should be written around 5 - 10 keywords that are tightly focused on that particular page 's topic .
4. Content is still King .
Well written , focused content is crucial .
5. Meta titles need to include your keywords .
6. Organization of content should include headings and subtitles to make it easy for readers to scan the pages .
Be sure to include your keywords in these headings as well .
7 . Most people on the web are looking for information .
If you do n't give them anything of value or entertain them , they will be gone , probably for good .
8 . Use keywords in links whereever possible .
9 . Include a call to action and , if possible , provide a Free tr�al .
You have to build trust before you can make a sale .
10 . Check your website in various browsers ( FireFox , Internet Explorer , etc. ) to make sure it displays equally well in all .
11 . Your personality is what attracts people to you so why would you create a generic website with all of the excitement of a flat glass of pop .
Keep the content fresh so it has Fizz !
12 . Most importantly , have realistic expectations of what you want to achieve with your website .
With all the hype about overnight successes on the internet it 's difficult to put your results into perspective .
If you expect instant success and it is n't happening , it 's easy to become demoralized and quit before you reach your goal .
Some Other Important Web Marketing Tips
Google page rank counts !
The higher your page rank number the higher you will rank in user searches .
How do you find out your page rank ?
Download the Google toolbar here for Internet Explorer http://toolbar.google.com/T4/ or here for FireFox http://tools.google.com/firefox/toolbar/install.html.
Improve your page rank by encouraging other highly ranked websites in complementary businesses to link to yours and by developing content with a niche focus .
Page rank is also affected by traffic numbers .
A couple of ways you can improve traffic are pay - per- click advertising and posting articles on the web .
Your web image is at least as important as your personal image .
You would n't go out to meet a prospective client wearing a mishmash of styles and colours but many businesses have websites with tools that do n't work , tables and text that are out of alignment , old information , dated colours , and confusing navigation .
Those things are bad enough but when an experienced web developer looks at the code on a website they often find a website that looks good but is not built to encourage search traffic .
Be prepared like the wise owl and make the job of marketing your business as easy as possible with a website that enhances your brand image and is technically sound and purrrr your way to success .
About The Author
Nancy Fraser of Nota Bene Consulting has been helping clients get better results with their marketing and advertising for over 20 years .
Sign up for Notable News and get free marketing tips at www.notable-marketing.com .
Tweet
--------------------
Forex Trend Scanner !
Free Money ! -
Do not click !
This is the most viral video of yesterday from Russian Internet .
Here is the quote from the original Russian post about this video , made by author : “ Those Aizerbajanians ( in the second Porsche Cayenne ) has robbed the bank and killed one , wounded another bank worker and he has probably died later , this was in the news .
They were n’t caught at that time , but here comes the information that those bandits are going to the centre of Moscow on the black Porsche Cayenne with the plates number 177- 177 on the Lenin Ave .
The Moscow police special forces went there same moment and prepared to infiltrate them .
First they got the report from the previous intersection that Cayenne has passed by – so you guys prepare to meet them .
They stop the car , break the windows , throw light grenades inside the car but then notice that instead of the gang of Southerners there are only two Slavic dudes .
Which , as they explained later , were going to Moscow downtown for the lunch .
While police were processing those first guys they got a message by radio that another black Cayenne with 177 plates has passed by .
As you see the second one was correct .
They had the same numbers on the plates but different letters .
The Police has payed for the repair works for the first car , do n’t worry .
The police acted so violently just because those were real organized criminals and because they have killed bank people , and because they were not lying down as asked , and because … well there were many reasons for this .
Take a note that they had n’t beated the guys from the first car , and those from the second who acted as were asked too .
According to the rules they need 5 people to intercept the car : first is breaking windshield with a hammer , others break the side windows and throw the light grenades inside .
They shot the wheels because the car ’s gear selector was not at “ P ” position and was continue moving .
Just to sum it up : they were catching not those who steal something small from the pockets and that ’s why acted like this ” .
The video itself is below , guys from the first car got really in the bad place in the bad time :
Friends , we have so much catching up to do .
I promised before I went to the Bahamas that when I got back , I ’d have some cool stuff to share , but somehow it is over four weeks later and we are really overdue for a chat .
Plus , it ’s Tax Day and I ’ve been moping around all week with my pockets inside out since I was presented with a bill with an impossible number of zeros after it , and hey , would n’t we all rather focus on the cheerful stuff ?
Of course .
So without further ado :
The Smitten Kitchen is moving : Well , not urls , thank god ( though in a fit of obsessiveness last week , I decided at once to go on a domain shopping spree and you can now get here via smittenkitchen.org , smittenkitchen.info or smittenkitchen.net .
Wish I could go on normal people shopping sprees , like for shoes . ) .
But as I have alluded to — namely through griping about the packing and the sorting and the boxes , and lord , the boxes — we ’ve found a new apartment and we ’re moving this weekend .
And we ca n’t wait .
I lived in the East Village when I first moved to NYC in 2000 , and am thrilled to have found an excuse to move back .
Perhaps I ’ll even check out this “ Trader Joes ” you kids are always going on about !
But who cares about the neighborhood ?
Let ’s get down to the brass tacks .
That sound you hear ?
It ’s the sky opening up and the angels singing in the new smitten kitchen , as there is a large white machine whose sole purpose is to wash dishes for us .
I can barely handle all of this excitement at once .
Alex , who we all know deals with the brunt of the dishes here , is already wondering whether we can just pack up this week ’s dirty dishes and just wash ’em when we arrive this weekend .
The jury is still out on that one .
So that ’s the good news .
The bad news ?
The kitchen is smaller .
Oh , I know those of you with your expansive kitchens with yards of counter space and cabinets aplenty think that our current kitchen was pitifully small , but I ’m telling you , for New York City , it was nothing to complain about .
It was downright dreamy and I told it so all of the time .
The new kitchen is a lot more of what you ’d expect on this island , and I ’m not going to lie : I ’m terrified .
Does this mean no more wedding cakes ?
What about truffle dredging stations ?
But I know I ’ll eventually adapt ; it is my way .
Besides , the floor is adorably checkered and there ’s a nice little window — I ’m warming to it already .
The Smitten Kitchen is going to cow country .
People , it has killed me to keep this from you all of these months because I could not be more excited if … I just could n’t be more excited .
A few days after this weekend ’s move , Alex and I are packing our blue jeans and our kicks ( Note to self : Buy “ kicks ” ! ) into suitcases and heading out to visit The Pioneer Woman on her ranch , and stay in her Lodge .
Yes , that ranch .
Yes , in that Lodge .
Ree and I hope to spend the weekend cooking up a storm , city versus country style while Alex is out in the field , no doubt getting hazed by her two boys for his City Slicker ways .
There will be pictures .
There butter by the pound .
And considering that the closest I ’ve been to cows , perhaps ever , is that blurry picture you see above from upstate New York — blurry because I was skittering away because , wow , cows are tall and kinda scary up close — this trip should be a source of endless amusement for my friends and family , and hopefully you as well .
We can not wait .
There are buns in ovens .
It ’s true !
After pining over Molly Wizenberg ’s Cinnamon Rolls with Cream Cheese Glaze for more than a year now , I could n’t take it anymore and baked them up this weekend ( when I was supposed to be cleaning out my closet ) .
Hot damn , people .
Do not wait as long as I did , you ’ll be filled with regret and …
Yes , I am dodging the subject again ; burying the lede , if you will .
There is , you see , an actual bun in the Smitten Kitchen oven .
As much as I have tried to deny it and as much as it has even now really not sunk in yet , evidence has mounted since the beginning of this year — in the form of incomparable adorableness on ultrasound screens , the sudden appeal of stretchy - waist jeans and an incessant need to nap the days away — that we ’ve got a wee little person on the way .
I ’m due in September , and we ’re pretty stoked .
[ P.S . You still get cinnamon buns , I mean , when you make your own .
We did n’t save you any . ]
One year ago : Caramelized Shallots
( Do yourself a favor and make these today .
They are that good . )
Lennon was murdered in New York on 8 December 1980 A new John Lennon exhibition , due to open in New York later , will feature a paper bag containing the bloody clothes from the night he was shot dead .
The Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Annex display also features the piano from his apartment and handwritten lyrics .
His widow Yoko Ono , who has created the display , said the clothes were " hard to include " and she feared she " might be criticised as well " for including them .
Lennon was murdered outside the Dakota apartment building on 8 December 1980 .
Deportation battle John Lennon : The New York Years , which will run for the rest of the year , includes a sleeveless New York City T - shirt worn in a famous photograph of the former Beatle , as well as other items of his clothing .
Ono received the items from the medical examiner after Lennon 's death
It also features letters outlining his battle against deportation in the early 1970s and more than a dozen examples of handwritten lyrics .
Guitars belonging to Lennon , as well as a pair of his trademark wire - rimmed glasses , are also included in the exhibition .
Lennon , who died at the age of 40 , lived in New York for much of the 1970s .
" I know it 's a kind of a sad and very poignant kind of paradox , I think , that he loved this place so much and this where he was killed , " Ono said .
She said she was still coming to terms with Lennon 's death .
" If it was a slow a process we could have talked about it or something , " she added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2007-01-17
Posted January 17 , 2007 at 12:00 am
Sorry again for the late updates .
For some reason my Internet is n't working properly today .
I did n't have a good way to transfer from my desktop to my laptop , so I had to go steal Amanda 's jump drive .
For years , the Western world has listened aghast to stories from Iran , Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern nations of citizens jailed or executed for questioning or offending Islam .
Even the most seemingly minor infractions elicit draconian punishments .
Late last year , two Afghan journalists were sentenced to prison for blasphemy because they translated the Koran into a Farsi dialect that Afghans can read .
In Jordan , a poet was arrested for incorporating Koranic verses into his work .
And last week , an Egyptian court banned a magazine for running a similar poem .
But now an equally troubling trend is developing in the West .
Ever since 2006 , when Muslims worldwide rioted over newspaper cartoons picturing the prophet Muhammad , Western countries , too , have been prosecuting more individuals for criticising religion .
The " Free World " may be losing faith in free speech .
Among the new blasphemers is the French actress Brigitte Bardot , convicted last June of " inciting religious hatred " for a letter she wrote in 2006 to the then interior minister , Nicolas Sarkozy , saying that Muslims were ruining France .
It was her fourth criminal citation for expressing intolerant views of Muslims and homosexuals .
Other Western countries are also cracking down on religious critics .
Emblematic of the assault is the effort to pass an international ban on religious defamation , supported by the United Nations General Assembly President , Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann .
Brockmann is a suspended Roman Catholic priest who served as Nicaragua 's foreign minister in the 1980s under the Sandinista regime , the socialist government that had a penchant for crushing civil liberties .
Libraries and archives from around the world have come together in a project to share their collections of rare books , maps , films , manuscripts and recordings online for free .
Almost four years in the making , the World Digital Library will launch on 21 April , functioning in seven languages – Arabic , Chinese , English , French , Portuguese , Russian and Spanish – and including content in additional languages .
A prototype of what will be on offer includes a voice recording of the 101 - year - old grandson of an American slave , a 17th - century map of the world and 19th - century Brazilian photographs .
The brainchild of James Billington , from the US's Library of Congress , the project has been developed by Unesco and the Library of Congress , along with 32 other partners from around the world , including national libraries from Iraq , Egypt , Russia , Brazil , Israel , Saudi Arabia and Uganda .
As well as documents and recordings , the digital archive will also feature videos from curators explaining why they are important and what they reveal about a culture , and the option to translate material into different languages .
Users will be able to browse and search by place , time , topic and type of item , with material to also include musical scores , prints , photographs , architectural drawings and other significant cultural materials .
The World Digital Library says its objectives are to promote international understanding , to expand non-English and non-western content online , as well as to contribute to research and education .
Billington , when he proposed the idea in June 2005 , said it would " hold out the promise of bringing people closer together precisely by celebrating the depth and uniqueness of different cultures in a single global undertaking " .
Late last year the EU unveiled the prototype of Europeana , an online archive of European culture to which more than 1,000 European national libraries , museums and institutions have contributed content .
It proved so popular on its launch in November , with 10 m hits an hour , that it had to be temporarily closed .
Kitteh ruls of etiket : alwas chuz fabric oposit of u in color for naps so hoomans kno u've bin using it .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
OTTAWA — It 's " unfortunate " the top official in charge of American 's homeland security wrongly suggested the 9/11 terrorists came from Canada , says Bill Elliott , commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
" My initial reaction frankly is I was a little bit surprised and somewhat disappointed that the secretary is n't better informed , " Elliott told the Star , just before he was to testify at a parliamentary committee .
Elliott was responding to suggestions by Janet Napolitano , U.S. Secretary for Homeland Security , who commented in a CBC interview that the U.S. is concerned that " to the extent that terrorists have come into our country or suspected or known terrorists have entered our country across a border , it 's been across the Canadian border .
There are real issues there . "
Asked if she was referring to the 9/11 perpetrators , which have been shown by an American commission to have entered the U.S. legally on visas — mostly from Saudi Arabia , not Canada , Napolitano said : " Uh , not just those but others as well . "
Napolitano defended the sovereign right of the U.S. to treat its border as a " real border . "
She went on to further defend the tough border restrictions adopted by the U.S. adding she was " not privileged to say everything that has occurred .
I mean , some things have occurred in the past .
I can't talk to that .
I can talk about the future .
And here 's the future .
The future is we have borders . "
" We 're no longer going to have this fiction that there 's no longer a border between Canada and the United States .
That is very different , however , from not having a workable border , and that 's where my goal is . "
Elliot said he " really can't explain " why such misconceptions about Canada as the source of the 9/11 terrorists persist .
He suggested that as the U.S. and Canada do more " joint threat assessment work together , " the attitudes would change .
" We do a fair amount of that now with the Americans , particularly in the context of our Integrated Border Enforcement Teams , but I think more work there , so that we 're all dealing with the same information , the same facts , we can sort of do joint analysis and come up with an accurate picture of the threats facing both Canada and the United States . "
Later , speaking to reporters after his committee appearance , Elliott appeared to suggest that Napolitano may have been misquoted , but he nonetheless stated her view was erroneous .
" I should n't overreact to what I see in the media , but there was a suggestion in the media that the Secretary of Homeland Security in the United States made some reference linking terrorist threats in Canada to the 9/11 attacks .
And there is certainly no link to be made there . "
" There were mistaken reports that the individuals who conducted those terrorist attacks back in Sept. 11 , 2001 had travelled to the United States through Canada .
As we all know , that 's just not what happened . "
Liberal public safety critic Mark Holland said Napolitano 's comments reflect " that there 's an enormous lack of knowledge about Canada and our security procedures . "
He said the persistent " Internet myth that Canada was somehow involved in 9/11 " is extremely damaging to Canada .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" This is deadly .
When I was down in the United States talking with congressmen , this is a pervasive attitude among their legislators .
So Canada has to be infinitely more aggressive in telling the story of what we 're doing to protect safety , what we 're doing to ensure that our hemisphere is secure , and that in fact Canada is every bit as safe as the United States and takes terrorism every bit as seriously . "
" If we do n't launch an information offensive , if we allow this type of comment from the Secretary of Homeland Security to stand then we really are putting at risk our trading relationship and creating a lot of non-tariff barriers . "
There are several artists with the name Clark .
( 1 ) Chris Clark is an English electronic artist currently signed to Warp .
With the 2006 release of Throttle Furniture , he shortened his alias to Clark .
His latest , self - titled LP , was released on Warp Records in 2014 and is a follow up to 2012 ’s Iradelphic .
( 2 ) Clark is also a folk band from Lompoc , California consisting of husband and wife , Gabriel and Dana Friley , and Andy White .
After playing together in various musical projects for many years , the three formed Clark in 2005 .
Their debut album " Here Comes Tomorrow " was rele … read more
Oliver Knickel , a mechanical engineer in the German army ( second from right ) , and airline pilot Cyrille Fournier from France ( right ) were selected as the two European participants in a 105 - day isolation study .
They joined three Russians on a three - day survival exercise in the woods near Star City , the Russian centre for cosmonaut training near Moscow .
( Image : ESA )
Read an interview with Pascal Lee , who discusses what it was like to spend 402 days in a research station in Antarctica .
GOT a house mate who ’s driving you crazy ?
Try being cooped up together for 105 days straight in windowless metal canisters . …
GENEVA -- Spain has won the right to host the men's basketball world championship in 2014 .
The board of governing body FIBA picked Spain on Saturday ahead of rival candidates China and Italy .
The 24 - team tournament will be played in Madrid plus Bilbao , Granada , Seville , and Las Palmas on the Canary Islands from Aug. 30 - Sept. 14 , 2014 .
Organizers say they need to spend $ 439 million building three or four arenas .
Spain won the 2006 worlds that was staged in Japan .
Spain won the 2006 worlds in Japan when Pau Gasol -- then a Memphis Grizzlies player and now with the Los Angeles Lakers -- was the tournament MVP .
Spain beat Greece 70 - 47 in the final .
The United States defeated Argentina in the bronze - medal match .
Spain will defend its title when Turkey hosts the upcoming tournament in 2010 .
Israel says its troops acted professionally in Gaza The Israeli military says internal investigations show it acted according to international law during its operations in Gaza three months ago .
A small number of errors did take place , it admits , such as the deaths of 21 people in a wrongly targeted house , but it claims these were " unavoidable " .
The military said Gaza militants had used civilian sites for cover .
Rights group have raised concerns about war crimes and say a wider , external investigation is needed .
Israel faced widespread accusations of operating in a disproportionate and heavy - handed way during three - week conflict in January .
Palestinians say more than 1,400 Gazans were killed , of whom more than two - thirds were civilians .
Israel puts the figure lower , at 1,166 dead , of whom it says about two - thirds were fighters .
Ten Israeli soldiers were killed and three civilians died in rocket attacks .
' Suspicious figures '
The five investigations looked into some of the most controversial incidents and allegations from the war , including the firing of artillery shells near a UN - run school on 6 January .
The UN has said about 42 people were killed but Israeli military investigators said only 12 people died , five of whom they described as " terror operatives " .
The investigations showed that throughout the fighting in Gaza , the IDF operated in accordance with international law
Israeli military report
Gaza case studies : Weapons use Gaza doctor 's loss grips Israelis ' Phosphorus wounds ' alarm Gazans
Of the attack on the house of a Palestinian doctor , Izzeldeen Abuelaish , which killed three of his daughters , the military said soldiers had been targeting " suspicious figures " in the building and had urged the family to leave days earlier .
The Israeli military said its controversial use of white phosphorus , which causes severe burns , was fully legal .
Investigators said no phosphorus weapons were used in built - up areas , in direct contradiction of groups such as Human Rights Watch , who said they were used unlawfully in densely - populated areas .
The military said it had probed seven incidents in which many civilians were reportedly harmed - although several more such incidents have been documented by human rights organisations .
In one of these investigations , military officials said 21 people died when a house was hit , instead of a weapons store - and a warning phone call had been made to the wrong building beforehand .
The investigators said that Hamas " systematically used medical facilities , vehicles and uniforms as cover for terrorist operations , " and that the group 's military and political leaders operated from Gaza 's main hospital .
Troops maintained " a high professional " level against " an enemy that aimed to terrorise Israeli civilians " , the military said .
The Israeli military " operated in accordance with moral values and international laws of war " , it said in a statement , and made " an enormous effort " to avoid harming uninvolved civilians .
A small number of incidents occurred in which intelligence or operational mistakes were made , the military said .
" These unfortunate incidents were unavoidable and occur in all combat situations , in particular of the type which Hamas forced on the IDF [ Israeli Defence Forces ] , by choosing to fight from within the civilian population , " the military said .
UN probe
The BBC's Paul Wood in Jerusalem says the investigations will not satisfy Israel 's critics .
International human rights campaign group Human Rights
Watch , denounced the statement it as an insult to Gaza 's dead civilians and an embarrassment to any Israeli officers who took military justice seriously .
Meanwhile , a group of 10 Israeli human rights organisations called for an external , extra-military investigation , and called on Israel to cooperate with the United Nations investigation .
" Data collected by Israeli human rights organization shows that many civilians were killed in Gaza not due to ' mishaps ' but as a direct result of the military 's chosen policy , " they said in a statement .
Earlier this month , the UN appointed former war crimes prosecutor Richard Goldstone to investigate alleged violations of international law during the conflict .
It is not yet clear whether Israel will cooperate with the UN probe .
Mr Goldstone and his team - which includes experts from Pakistan , Britain and Ireland - have been asked to investigate " all violations of international humanitarian law " before , during and after the Israeli campaign .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kate Beaton affectionate .
This is alien , and when they get back this evening she will return to not caring about me at all .
For usual Wednesday updates , I refer you to I 'm working on another comic that should be up today or tomorrow , but my muse here has made me drop everything for her .
Wednesday is not my cat , she is Emily's .
Whenever Emily and Jeremy are gone as they are this weekend , Wednesday turns into the biggest weirdo and stalks me for days and days and rubs her face on me and is .
This is alien , and when they get back this evening she will return to not caring about me at all .
For usual Wednesday updates , I refer you to Emily 's flickr .
She is also available on both a shirt and a tote .
Right now she 's tearing up a cardboard box in the living room , this has been your cat update .
Store !
Influenza A( H1N1 ) - update 40
27 May 2009 - As of 06:00 GMT , 27 May 2009 , 48 countries have officially reported 13,398 cases of influenza A( H1N1 ) infection , including 95 deaths .
The breakdown of the number of laboratory - confirmed cases by country is given in the following table and map .
Map of the spread of Influenza A( H1N1 ) : number of laboratory confirmed cases and deaths
jpg , 1.37Mb
As of 08:00 GMT , 27 May 2009
Laboratory - confirmed cases of new influenza A( H1N1 ) as officially reported to WHO by States Parties to the International Health Regulations ( 2005 )
Country Cumulative total
Newly confirmed since the last reporting period Cases Deaths Cases Deaths Argentina 19 0 14 0 Australia 39 0 20 0 Austria 1 0 0 0 Bahrain 1 0 1 0 Belgium 7 0 0 0 Brazil 9 0 0 0 Canada 921 1 0 0 Chile 86 0 12 0 China 22 0 2 0 Colombia 16 0 0 0 Costa Rica 33 1 0 0 Cuba 4 0 0 0 Denmark 1 0 0 0 Ecuador 28 0 4 0 El Salvador 11 0 5 0 Finland 2 0 0 0 France 16 0 0 0 Germany 17 0 0 0 Greece 1 0 0 0 Guatemala 5 0 1 0 Honduras 1 0 0 0 Iceland 1 0 0 0 India 1 0 0 0 Ireland 1 0 0 0 Israel 9 0 1 0 Italy 23 0 4 0 Japan 360 0 10 0 Korea , Republic of 21 0 0 0 Kuwait 18 0 0 0 Malaysia 2 0 0 0 Mexico 4541 83 367 3 Netherlands 3 0 0 0 New Zealand 9 0 0 0 Norway 4 0 0 0 Panama 76 0 0 0 Peru 27 0 0 0 Philippines 2 0 0 0 Poland 3 0 0 0 Portugal 1 0 0 0 Russia 2 0 0 0 Singapore 1 0 1 0 Spain 138 0 2 0 Sweden 3 0 0 0 Switzerland 3 0 0 0 Thailand 2 0 0 0 Turkey 2 0 0 0 United Kingdom 137 0 0 0 United States of America 6764 10 0 0 Grand Total 13398 95 444 3
Chinese Taipei has reported 4 confirmed cases of influenza A ( H1N1 ) with 0 deaths .
Cases from Chinese Taipei are included in the cumulative totals provided in the table above .
Cumulative and new figures are subject to revision
I always thought there was nothing worse than the forced family photo for the yearly Christmas card .
And then I saw this .
What .
The .
Eff ??!
That poor , poor child has to grow up knowing his parents are either really big tools or totally into Plushies and Furries .
[ Courtesy of our newest obsession , AwkwardFamilyPhotos.com ]
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) --
An internationally known Catholic priest who was shown in photographs last week embracing a bathing - suit - clad woman on a Florida beach has admitted they had a two - year affair .
The Rev. Alberto Cutie was removed from his duties after pictures showed him bare - chested with a woman .
The Rev. Alberto Cutie -- sometimes called " Father Oprah " because of the advice he gave on Spanish - language media -- said Monday on CBS ' " Early Show " that he is in love with the woman and is considering his options :
Whether to break up with her or leave the priesthood and marry her .
The woman , who has not been publicly identified , wants to get married , Cutie said .
The priest was removed from his duties last week at St. Francis De Sales Catholic Church in Miami Beach , Florida , and on the Radio Paz and Radio Peace networks .
" I take full responsibility for what I did , and I know it 's wrong , " he said Monday .
The photos of the Cuban - American priest , also known as " Padre Alberto , " appeared on the cover of last week 's TV Notas magazine and on eight inside pages .
The cover says in Spanish : " Good God ! Padre Alberto .
First photos of a priest ' in flagrante ' with his lover . "
Other media outlets throughout Latin America , including the official Notimex news agency in Mexico , picked up the story , and it became an Internet sensation .
Cutie has millions of followers in the Spanish - speaking world .
In a message posted on the Miami , Florida , archdiocese Web page last week , Archbishop John C. Favalora apologized to parishioners and radio listeners for what he called a " scandal . "
" Father Cutie made a promise of celibacy and all priests are expected to fulfill that promise with the help of God , " Favalora said .
" Father Cutie 's actions cannot be condoned despite the good works he has done as a priest . "
Cutie expressed his regret in an online statement last week and again Monday on the CBS program .
" I deeply apologize to the Catholic community and especially to my bishop and to my brother priests who are faithful and who are committed to celibacy , " Cutie said .
The priest said he believes in celibacy but thinks it should be optional .
He said he had never had a sexual relationship with anyone other than the woman since leaving the seminary 15 years ago .
Watch Father Cutie question the celibacy requirement »
" I do n't support the breaking of the celibacy promise , " Cutie said .
" I understand fully that this is wrong .
" I do n't want to be the anti-celibacy priest .
I think that 's unfortunate , " he said .
" I think it 's a debate that 's going on in our society , and now I 've become kind of a poster boy for it .
But I do n't want to be that .
I believe that celibacy is good , and that it 's a good commitment to God .
This is something I 've struggled with .
And something that I never expected to become a public debate . "
He also talked about the woman , saying they have been friends for a long time and the attraction was there from early on , but it was not acted on until a couple of years ago .
They have " both struggled " with the relationship , he said .
" She 's also a woman of faith , " Cutie said .
" She 's also somebody who cares about the priesthood , who cares about these things .
So it has n't been easy .
And those who have helped me through this process know it has n't been easy .
Obviously , you know , through the photos , it looked like a frivolous thing on the beach , you know , and that 's not what it is .
It 's something deeper than that . "
Cutie was the first Catholic priest to host a daily talk show on a major secular television network , his information on the Linked In online professional network says .
In addition to his TV and radio appearances , he has written newspaper advice columns and a self - help book , " Real Life , Real Love . "
Before being removed , he was president and general director of Pax Catholic Communications , home of Radio Paz and Radio Peace in Miami .
All About The Roman Catholic Church
Many new key details have been emerging about the hottest upcoming shooter Modern Warefare 2 courtesy of the next issue of Game Informer .
Some of these details that were leaked :
No co-op in story mode , but separate missions reminiscent of CoD4 ’s Mile High Club include cooperative multiplayer .
In the wintery bits of the game , snowmobiles will be used to escape attack , but it ’s unclear whether players will be driving or shooting from the vehicles .
Ice walls can also be climbed by alternating between the two triggers .
A live - patching system will be implemented for online multiplayer , forgoing the need for a downloadable patch .
Game will run at 60 frames - per-second , with better detail than CoD4 .
Riot shields , movable turrets and customized weapons for single - player enemies were mentioned .
Gameplay ’s a bit more open - ended than CoD4 but is still linear .
Stealth can now be used if you like .
Infinity Ward ’s working on fixing enemy respawn issues ( CoD4 ’s enemies would constantly respawn unless a player crossed a certain line ) .
The single - player campaign will be longer than it was in CoD4 .
Also according to PSM3 , a UK based magazine :
Swimming mode enabled .
A ‘ Stealthy ’ Oil pipeline Scuba Mission will be included in campaign mode .
A level will definetly be based in Rio De Janeiro .
Siberian Level will feature in campaign mode .
Vehicles ( e.g .
Trucks ,
Tanks etc. ) will be introduced into the Modern Era .
A ‘ Helicopter Based ’ Level will be featured .
An Oil Tanker level will also be featured .
Ken Lally ( Wesker from Resident Evil 5 ) will be voice acting .
Most likely as a Russian villain .
For those who has yet to witness the trailer here it is below .
And of course , some scans from the magazine courtesy of tiscaliz .
Kiefer Sutherland got a bit tipsy Monday night and ended up in an altercation with clothing designer Jack McCollough , headbutting him in the face so hard it broke his nose .
The MET Ball took place in New York city Monday and there were after - parties galore at numerous nightclubs around the event , but the talk of the internets today is about what transpired at a club called SubMercer , where a fight broke out between Sutherland and McCollough .
There are several reports about what happened , but as far as we can figure out , Brooke Shields was somehow involved as either a witness or a victim , we ’re not sure .
All we know is as of Tuesday , Jack McCollough was still in the hospital where he filed a complaint with the police against Kiefer Sutherland .
This could be a pain for Sutherland , since he ’s been previously convicted of DUI and is still on parole .
It was February 22 , and Lawrence Riesz finally had an idea about how to diagnose all the mysterious problems in his home .
Since he and his wife bought the place in Parkland two years ago , the refrigerator had quit inexplicably .
Then the dryer .
Then the intercom .
And three TVs had failed .
He thought it might be electrical , but experts he brought in offered no explanation .
Then there were the health issues .
Riesz and his wife , Jennifer Schnee , an ob - gyn , and their two children had all suffered from sinus infections .
Two of their three children — a 2 - year - old and 4 - year - old — had developed asthma .
He knew it could all be normal colds , and asthma runs in the family , but he could n't help thinking that what was corroding his appliances could be doing the same to his family .
It was late , perhaps midnight , when Riesz , who wears his salt - and - pepper hair at shoulder length , came up with his idea .
Riesz is an emergency - room doctor at Broward General , so he used the same logic he applies to his patients .
He needed to get inside his walls to figure out what was wrong .
He removed his air conditioning vents hoping he could peek inside , but none gave him access inside the walls .
Then he remembered the broken intercom .
He removed the four screws holding the TV - tray - sized intercom to the wall and let it hang from its corroded wiring .
The space was too small to peek in , so Riesz grabbed his web cam .
Slowly , he lowered the video camera by using the cord that connects it to his laptop .
About a foot down , behind a tangle of blue speaker wires , he saw words come into focus :
" Tianjin , China . "
He ran upstairs to tell his wife .
" Holy crap , I just saw it !
We have Chinese drywall ! "
Back then , homeowners were just figuring out that Chinese drywall installed in as many as 100,000 houses nationwide produces high levels of sulfur and , some believe , releases toxic chemicals into the air .
The gases corrode wiring and pipes and , more important , could cause home­owners long - term health problems .
The fact that China was the source of the defective drywall was n't surprising , considering the country 's history of exporting toys containing lead paint .
But what makes the drywall worse is that there 's no recall that will fix it short of tearing homes down to the studs to remove the potentially hazardous walls .
Riesz and Schnee filed this lawsuit March 10 against builder WCI and the company that supplied the contractor with the drywall from China .
But like many whose homes have Chinese drywall — and there are an estimated 35,000 in Florida — the couple may never get anyone to repair the home .
Most companies responsible have refused to acknowledge the problems , while others , like WCI , have filed for bankruptcy .
And we may never know who 's responsible .
Legal technicalities make it almost impossible for homeowners to figure out if suppliers sold the Chinese drywall and builders installed it knowing that the stuff was potentially harmful .
" Little by little , people are getting little bits of information about how bad this stuff might be , " says Allison Grant , the Boca Raton lawyer who helped uncover the problem with her website chinesedrywall.com .
" But the truth is , we may never find out who knew in advance of all of this . "
The drywall from China first showed up during the height of the building boom in 2005 or earlier , when suppliers ran out of U.S. - made building supplies .
Home­owners first began learning that the Chinese drywall is defective this past November , when websites like the one Grant started popped up .
Some have speculated that an ingredient in the gypsum used to manufacture drywall could produce toxic chemicals when exposed to humidity .
Homeowners have begun blaming the Chinese drywall for a growing list of health problems .
Mary Ann Schultheis , for instance , says she suffers from sinus headaches , blurred vision , and now bronchitis .
She worries that it 's because of the Chinese drywall in her home in Banyan Isles .
Schultheis , 59 , and husband Gary used their retirement savings to buy the house and now have no money to move .
" I 'm going to lose everything on this place , " Schultheis said .
" All my life savings , every penny we had , is in this house .
We 're just going to walk away ? "
No studies have been completed to determine if Chinese drywall is at fault .
But Patricia Williams , a toxicologist and associate professor at the University of New Orleans , is studying about 50 people living in homes with Chinese drywall .
Her findings wo n't be available until June , but she tells New Times that homeowners have reported suffering from runny eyes , bloody noses , sinus problems , and , most troubling , " acne - like rashes " that could be signs that dangerous compounds are in the air .
" You 're reading everywhere about sulfur , but there are many other things I 'm studying in the drywall that are very toxic , " Williams says .
She 'll present findings at a conference June 4 and 5 in Orlando for lawyers involved in Chinese litigation cases .
Builders are among those calling for independent testing .
But even before those results are known , some contractors , including giant homebuilder Lennar Corp. of Miami , have offered to move homeowners into temporary housing and replace the Chinese drywall .
Lennar also filed this lawsuit in January against 25 companies accused of making , importing , and distributing Chinese drywall ( click here to read a statement Lennar released after filing the suit ) .
Among them is Miami - based Banner Supply Co. , which is accused of distributing a majority of the Chinese drywall in South Florida .
Banner Supply owner Jack Landers declined to comment .
" We 're still in litigation and still investigating the matter , " Landers said from his home in Fort Lauderdale .
A couple of years ago , we wrote about a 1.3 megawatt solar - powered stadium in Switzerland .
A new solar powered stadium has been built in Taiwan for the 2009 World Games in July .
Designed by Japanese architect Toyo Ito , the stadium incorporates 8,844 solar panels on the roof .
The roof will generate enough energy to power the building ’s 3,300 lights and two giant television screens .
On hot days , the stadium will generate more power than it needs , so the Taiwanese government plans to sell the excess capacity .
A Taiwanese official said that the panels will generate 1.14 million KWh per year , preventing 660 tons of annual carbon dioxide .
The power system was tested in January .
It took over six minutes to power up the lighting in the stadium , which illuminates the track and field with 3300 lux .
The stadium has a some other green features — permeable pavement is used throughout the complex , and all the raw materials used in the main stadium are reusable and made in Taiwan .
Huge photos of the stadium can be found on the Skyscraper Forum .
Link : Stadium Home Page
" I do n't even know why the scientists make them ! " exclaims a " Saturday Night Live " character in a skit about rampaging robots .
Now she has an answer — at least some scientists make robots to do science .
A science - savvy robot called Adam has successfully developed and tested its first scientific hypothesis , all without human intervention .
This hints at a future where robots could spare lab assistants and post - docs some of the drudgery of research .
" We 've now demonstrated that Adam can do some novel biology work , " said Ross King , a computer scientist and biologist at Aberystwyth University in the UK .
Adam 's first achievement involved discovering that certain genes in baker 's yeast code for specific enzymes which encourage biochemical reactions in yeast .
The robot scientist then ran an experiment with its lab hardware to test its predictions , analyzed the results , rinsed and repeated .
King and researchers at the University of Cambridge first created a computer that could generate hypotheses and perform experiments five years ago .
Until now , computers and robots have run the same series of tasks over and over in work such as gene sequencing .
{{ video = " LS_090402_RoboSciMusicVid " title= " Robo - Scientist Automates Understanding " caption = " Up 'til now , robots have only been good at generating data for humans to interpret .
Aberystwyth University 's new Biology Robot Scientist can do both , saving researchers a lot of time and headaches . "
}}
" This is one of the first systems to get [ artificial intelligence ] to try and control laboratory automation , " King told LiveScience .
" [ Current robots ] tend to do one thing or a sequence of things .
The complexity of Adam is that it has cycles . "
The software that drives Adam 's thought process sits on three computers , other than some lesser computer chips which help control Adam 's robotic lab hardware .
Some of Adam 's parts even sit in different buildings .
Adam has cost roughly $ 1 million to develop so far .
Spending the same amount on lab techs would probably yield a more reliable system , King noted .
But he added that Adam can investigate a thousand experiments a day , and still keep track of all the results better than humans can .
King 's group has also created another robot scientist called Eve. Unlike Adam 's focus on basic biology research , Eve is dedicated to screening chemical compounds for new pharmaceutical drugs that could combat diseases such as malaria .
" We made many mistakes and learned from Adam , " King said .
" Eve is a much cleaner design . "
The two robots could work together on some research , provided that humans write the proper programs which allow for robotic cooperation .
King 's group might turn Adam 's attention to genetic research involving C. elegans , a worm and " model organism " commonly used in scientific research .
Full details on Adam appear in the April 3 issue of the journal Science .
Another paper in the same issue of Science describes a different computer program developed at Cornell University that can use raw observational data to tease out fundamental laws of physics .
Creating even simple artificial intelligence has proved no easy feat , but King admitted that he started the project expecting an easier time .
He pointed to how much money the pharmaceutical industry has already poured into research and development on screening for new drugs .
" I expected the laboratory automation to be more of a solved problem than it is , " King said .
Ok , so why are my friends and co-workers noticing my minor obsession about CouchDB ?
There ’s a few reasons .
First , I have a long - term unlove - affair with RDBMS .
Why ?
I started off working in the UNIX kernel ( V6 anyone ? ) and there ’s no stinking databases in there … just some filesystem stuff
After learning and using C , I jumped to Smalltalk and like a newborn duckling , I was imprinted by the Smalltalk view of the world – which forever set my idea about persistent data + behavior .
Along the way , I bumped into Thomas Malone ’s work on Object Lens and OVAL – which further evolved my thinking about collaborative work , semi-structured data and toolkits to enable end -users to compose their own tools ; incuding the notion that not every object needs behavior - sometimes it ’s just data ( e.g. the archetypical business card is just some useful semi- structure data ) .
And finally – the cognitive dissonance between the relational model and the common OO / prototype - based languages / domain models was constantly bothered me .
Yes – I know they ’ve been effective and have benefit in lots of scenarios , however …
Secondly , for a piece of ‘ middleware ’ , CouchDB has great elegance and great congruence with the bevy of potential uses , i.e. it appears to afford us the possibility to think about our problem / solution domains and our softwares internal models in in very similar fashions – with some very interesting beneficial side - effects ( e.g. eventual consistency , availability )
And finally , there ’s some rumblings of a new application model all together – reminiscent of the agents buzz from over a decade ago , i.e.
Chris Anderson ’s Sharable apps – where a CouchDB instance is sufficiently capable to become an application platform and that via the synchronization model , multiple instances of an application could run in a distributed & isolated manner and then synchronize and migrate as needed to different environments , i.e. run locally on laptops and sync and migrate up to centralized servers and then back down as needed .
Instead of a rigid & pre-defined deployment structure , it ’s more of an organic ‘ shape ’ adjusting as needed .
If this is a new degree of freedom , the potential is huge .
So , while I ’m looking for the right opportunity to try some of these ideas out – I ’ll continue this minor obsession and see where it leads .
The great career of a great Devil is over .
Bobby Holik told The Post yesterday that he is retiring from hockey after 18 NHL seasons , 11 of those with New Jersey .
“ I ’m done .
I ’m retiring , ” Holik said from his home in Wyoming .
“ I miss being with my family every day .
I knew when the season ended , but I wanted to leave and get home first , and not make a big deal of it .
“ A player is what I was .
Now I ’m a husband and a father . ”
Holik , 38 , was the first - round ( 10th overall ) pick of the Hartford Whalers in 1989 and was traded to New Jersey with a second - rounder ( Jay Pandolfo ) for Sean Burke and Eric Weinrich on Aug 28 , 1992 .
He centered the Crash Line between Mike Peluso and Randy McKay , helping the Devils to their first Stanley Cup in 1995 .
He played 10 straight seasons with the Devils , winning another Cup in 2000 and piling up 16 points in the 2001 run to Game 7 of the Finals .
After a rancorous arbitration in 2001 , Holik signed a huge contract with the Rangers , for $ 9 million a season , in 2002 .
He played two years with the Rangers before the salary cap forced Glen Sather to buy him out .
Holik signed with Atlanta for three seasons and was captain of the Thrashers in 2007 - 08 .
He returned to the Devils last season for what would be his final NHL campaign .
Nicknamed “ Herf ” — as in Hereford cow , because of his bull - like size and style — Holik was a formidable foe , far beyond his considerable offensive talents .
He annoyed opponents before running them over , and in many ways , was a prototypical Devil .
He played 1,314 regular season games , going 328-421-747 with 1,423 penalty minutes and a plus - 115 rating .
He played 786 games with New Jersey , seventh all - time , and was 202-270 - 472 , with 883 penalty minutes and plus - 134 - rating with the Devils .
He played 124 playoff games for the Devils , 20 - 37 - 57 , and 138 games total , 20 -39 - 59 .
“ The No. 1 reason I ’m retiring is to be with my family and see my daughter [ Hannah Marie , 12 ] .
That ’s too much to give up again .
The No. 2 reason is that I do n’t have to retire , so I ’m very fortunate . ”
Holik may have had the opportunity to return to the Devils for another season , or perhaps even play in Europe , although he is a naturalized U.S. citizen , born in Jihlava , Czech Republic .
“ It feels right , and every day it feels more right , ” Holik said .
The Stanley Cups and personal honors , two All - Star game appearances , are major highlights for him , but Holik said the NHL was even more than that .
“ What I appreciate the most is the challenge every day to prove myself , wanting to do my best , and prove I am what I am , not just the championships , but every practice , every morning skate , trying to score goals on Marty Brodeur or Kevin Weekes , trying to get around Scott Stevens .
“ It ’s the same game we played at age 10 .
But for a few moments of glory , of ‘ Wow ! , ’ there ’s a tremendous amount of sacrifice .
“ What I enjoyed was being a hockey player , more than anything .
Being a professional hockey player is the best life anyone can have . ”
It was a long career , and a great one .
He was given one of the NHL ’s biggest - ever salaries for a reason , because he was such an important member of that Devils dynasty .
They wo n’t find another like him soon .
mark.everson@nypost.com
In his support of Obama 's order to close the Dentention Center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba
PETRAEUS : Gitmo has caused us problems , there ’s no question about it .
I oversee a region in which the existence of Gitmo has indeed been used by the enemy against us .
We have not been without missteps or mistakes in our activities since 9/11 .
And again , Gitmo is a lingering reminder for the use of some in that regard .
Petraeus knocks down one by one all of the arguments by the Hair - On - Fire crowd that we 'll have " Terrorist on our Streets " if not for Good Ole ' Gitmo .
He also clearly acknowledges that the U.S. did violate Geneva , and hence did commit War Crimes .
PETRAEUS :
What I would ask is , does that not take away from our enemies a tool , which again they have beaten us around the head and shoulders in the court of public opinion ?
When we have taken steps that have violated the Geneva Convention , we rightly have been criticized .
And so as we move forward , I think it is important to again live our values to live the agreements that we have made in the international justice arena and to practice those .
The importance of this perspective can't be understated , particularly with the corroborating arguments from General Taguba , who personally investigated Abu Ghraib .
Maj .
Gen Taguba saw the horrors first hand during his Abu Ghraib investigation and he believes the Bush administration is guilty of war crimes .
In a preface to a report by Physicians for Human Rights on prisoner abuse and torture in U.S. military prisons Taguba wrote : " There is no longer any doubt that the current administration committed war crimes .
The only question is whether those who ordered torture will be held to account . "
With both of these Military commanders , the top commander in both Iraq and Afghanistan , and the Chief investigator into the biggest military Scandal in a generation both clearly state Geneva was violated and War Crimes Committed the ability to avoid a full - on War Crimes inquiry becomes more difficult and the likelihood of a conviction considering witnesses of this calibre - grows exponentially .
Vyan
For those of you not into Japanese comics , a chibi is a diminutive character that usually performs the role of the “ cute , annoying sidekick ” .
It actually means “ small child ” and adult characters can morph into their “ chibi ” forms when they are behaving stupid and childishly , bouncing up and down like a two - year old on tear in a temper tantrum .
Well , it seems that old Newt Gingrich , Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck ( whom I did n’t draw ) have looked at the glass and called Sonia Sotomayer , Obama ’s nominee for the Supreme Court , a racist–not noticing that this particular piece of glass was a mirror not a window .
Her offense ?
Suggesting that someone of her background might have a broader range of knowledge and experience than a white guy .
From Susan Crile in the Huffington Post comes the actual quote :
As evidence , media figures like Glenn Beck , Rush Limbaugh and Mark Levin , have pointed to a speech Sotomayor gave at the University of California , Berkeley , School of Law in 1992 .
During the speech , she said , “ I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n’t lived that life . ”
Oh gee , maybe a little self - congratulatory , but racist ?
Well we all know the strategy from the Karl Rove playbook , “ Thou shalt accuse thy opponents of thine own fault before they accuse thee ! ”
By doing this , you make your opponent seem childish and unoriginal if they turn the accusation back on you …i.e. , “ You ’re a racist . ” “ No , YOU’RE a racist . ”
“ No , YOU’RE the racist … ” etc. etc .
You get the picture .
Pundits like Gingrich , Limbaugh and Beck are trying to appeal to the basest of their base–not the intelligent , informed conservative , but the xenophobic nuts who have hijacked de facto control of the Republican Party .
Whatever happened to the party that could boast liberals like Nelson Rockefeller–yes , at one time , it was possible to use liberal and Republican in the same sentence and within living memory too !
Better start kissing the Hispanic vote goodbye , guys , you can have your wish of being the “ whitest of whites ” party .
Pass the Clorox , please .
Comments
In case you missed it …
Watch how this 10 - year - old historian takes the “ Today ” show down a peg .
She ’s kinda wicked , but I really like her !
Pay attention to her patronizing clapping at the end of the video .
You are how you e-mail : A new technique can tell people apart using only the timestamps in their Sent folders .
In the interactive , real - time world of Twitter , blogs and World of Warcraft , timing is one of the most salient aspects of social behavior .
Now , researchers at Northwestern University and Yahoo Research in New York show that they can distinguish and categorize people based solely on the timestamps of their e-mails , paving the way for smarter advertisements , spam filters and social networking sites .
" You can't track everything an individual is doing at every hour of the day , " said Dean Malmgren of Northwestern University , lead author of the study posted May 11 on the pre-publication physics repository , arXiv .
" But this shows that with just a snapshot of what they 're doing — knowing what time they send their e-mails — you can actually get meaningful information . "
Of particular interest to Yahoo is a more effective way to catch spammers .
Between 80 and 90 percent of all e-mail in the world is spam .
Spam is n't just obnoxious , it also uses up bandwidth , storage space and time .
In 2009 , spam may cost $ 42 billion in the United States and $ 130 billion worldwide — and that does n't include the money scammed from gullible internet users like Citigroup .
Spam filters and spammers are engaged in a perpetual arms race , with spammers constantly changing their domains and IP addresses and disguising dirty words .
But spammers have a major limitation :
In order to send their millions of e-mails , they need bots .
If a temporal model of e-mail behavior can distinguish between different people , it can also distinguish people from nonpeople .
" Any novel way to identify spammers makes a huge contribution , " said Jake Hofman of Yahoo Research .
" Even if you just reduce it by a small percent , that 's a big win . "
Malmgren and Hofman tested their model using data from two groups of college students : European students from a few years ago , when home internet access was rare , and American students when home internet access was much more common .
They focused on how frequently the students were sending e-mails and when the e-mail sessions begun and ended .
Despite the dramatic chronological differences between these students — at least in the e-mail world — Malmgren found they fell into one of two categories : " day laborers , " who sent the bulk of their e-mails during the working day , or " e- mailaholics , " who sent e-mails from morning deep into the night .
" It was pretty amazing , " said Malmgren .
" It did n't have to be two categories .
There could have been a continuum . "
The researchers also found that e-mail behavior was stable within individuals , with fewer than 20 percent of American students deviating from their e-mailer categories over two years .
This stability could allow an e-mail service to recognize when an account is being commandeered by a spambot , at which point it can alert the user or freeze the account .
Hofman imagines numerous applications for analyzing time - related aspects of internet usage , beyond e-mail , and says this ability to robustly categorize people shows how powerful their model can be .
" This is just our toy demonstration , " he said .
" There 's a lot of temporal data from e-mails and website visits out there , but they have n't been leveraged for any meaningful analysis .
The argument we 're making here is that these data can be a surprisingly useful source of information about individuals . "
Hofman says the technique could also allow websites to tailor their services to individuals , as the activity pattern of websites visits may be indicative of a user 's taste .
" It might turn out that I should market Blackberries and iPhones to users who visit sites more frequently , scattered throughout the day , like you and me " he said , " while I should market books and newspapers to users with lighter usage patterns , like my dad .
This could influence what display or text ads I show these users when they 're on my site . "
A detailed description of activity patterns could also be useful for heavily trafficked sites , like Twitter , which could optimize how their servers allocates resources , and internet services that depend on real - time interactions , like Aardvark .
Citation : " Characterizing Individual Communication Patterns " by R. Dean Malmgren , Jake M. Hofman , Luís A. N. Amaral , and Duncan J. Watts .
arXiv:0905.0106v1
Image : Dean Malmgren .
The probability of sending an e-mail during a particular time of the week represented by a ribbon wrapped around a torus .
Daytime is illuminated ; weekend is in the foreground ; both the color of the ribbon and the distance between the ribbon and the torus represent the probability .
See Also :
HAVANA , Cuba ( CNN ) --
In a major shake - up the likes of which Cubans have not seen for decades , President Raul Castro on Monday reorganized his Cabinet , replacing longtime aides to his brother Fidel , who resigned from office a year ago , citing poor health .
Cuban President Raul Castro is moving his own people into power , analysts say .
Some analysts said the changes appear to be an attempt by Raul Castro to put his own supporters into positions of power .
Among the changes :
Felipe Perez Roque , the 43 - year - old foreign minister , was replaced by his deputy , Bruno Rodriguez Aprilla .
Carlos Lage Davila , an economist , lost his job as Cabinet secretary , but no mention was made of removing him from his other post as vice president of the Council of State .
Lage , who helped guide the nation through its " special period " of dire economic times in the aftermath of the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the loss of billions in subsidies , was replaced by Brig .
Gen. Jose Amado Ricardo Guerra ; Raul Castro is also commander in chief of the armed forces .
" It looks like Raul putting some of his own people in , " said Wayne Smith , director of the Cuba program at the Center for International Policy in Washington , who led the U.S. Interests Section in Havana during the Carter administration .
Smith noted that Cuba 's government underwent " quite a few shake - ups after the revolution first came in " in 1959 , but said Monday 's move " is the biggest shake - up that I 've seen in a very long time ... for the last 30 or 40 years . "
" This is obviously a major move , " concurred Vicki Huddleston , who led the Interests Section during the administrations of Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , and is a visiting scholar at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
" [ There is ] nothing like this that I can recall since the late 1960s . "
She noted that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez met with both Castro brothers during a visit late in February to Havana , on what Granma described as a " work visit , " and speculated that Raul Castro may have asked him then to buy in on the changes .
" They really need Chavez to be on board , because without the subsidized oil from Venezuela , they 're dead , " Huddleston said .
With the Cuban economy hamstrung by the world economy , Raul Castro may have decided it is time for him to make reforms of his own without worrying about second - guessing by his brother or his brother 's allies , she said .
Huddleston speculated that the changes could portend the government once again allowing private enterprise to flourish in Cuba .
Communist leader Fidel Castro experimented with that during the 1990s , but pulled back .
" It represents a significant step by Raul Castro to gain autonomy and , essentially , distance himself from Fidel 's old gang , " said Larry Birns , director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs .
" In other words , he feels confident enough that he has an independent base of power . "
He said Raul Castro 's moves to date have proven popular not only with his party members , but also with the general population .
Still , Raul Castro should not take that support for granted , Birns said .
" It may be that , if he makes too many moves , the party will feel that their privileges are being taken away , and that will make them unhappy . "
Otto Reich , who served as assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs during the George W. Bush administration , said he was withholding judgment .
" It 's a little early to tell what this really means , " he said .
" Some people are saying the Fidelistas are being replaced by the Raulistas .
But the other side is :
Are we talking about rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic ? "
The state - run newspaper Granma published an official notice from the State Council that said the changes were intended to form a structure that is " more compact and functional , with fewer organisms of the central administration of the state and a better distribution of the functions that they carry out . "
CNN 's Morgan Neill and Shasta Darlington in Havana , Tom Watkins and Arthur Brice contributed to this story .
All About Raul Castro • Cuba
Joy Wants Eternity has been creating instrumental post - rock out of Seattle , Washington since 2003 .
The band formed as a result of a " musicians wanted " ad placed in The Stranger , a local weekly .
Since then , the band has put ou… read more
Staff Sgt. Bartek Bachleda knew something was amiss almost immediately after the jetliner left Chicago .
He 'd looked out the window and saw what he thought was a fuel leak .
He 'd know , because he 's a boom operator with the 909th Air Refueling Station based at Kadena Air Base in Japan .
That 's where he was headed .
He was one of 300 people aboard the flight bound for Narita .
Still , he wanted to be sure , so he kept close watch on the situation .
After an hour , he was convinced the plane had a serious problem .
He alerted the flight attendant , who appeared unconcerned .
He started filming the leak .
No one knew it at the time , but the plane was losing 6,000 pounds of fuel an hour .
He showed the flight attendant the video .
" Ma'am , it 's an emergency , " he told her after identifying himself , according to the U.S. Air Force .
" You need to inform the captain before we go oceanic . "
That convinced her .
She told the captain .
He watched the video .
He announced that the plane was returning to Chicago , then decided to continue on to San Francisco .
It was the only place passengers could catch another flight to Narita .
Bachleda 's actions may have saved the lives of everyone aboard that flight , which the Air Force did not identify .
Upon landing , the captain told Bachleda the plane would n't have made it to Japan .
Via Air Force Link .
Brad Jacobson Byon 1/8/2009 , 2:49 pm PT
Guest blogged by Brad Jacobson of MediaBloodhound
During Monday 's State Department press briefing , Associated Press State Department Correspondent Matthew Lee posed the most pointed question about the conflict in Gaza and the Bush administration 's position : " What ’s wrong with an immediate cease - fire that does n’t have to be sustainable and durable if , during the pause that you get from an immediate cease - fire , something longer - term can be negotiated ? "
Lee did n't tread lightly either when Deputy Secretary of State Sean McCormack failed to provide a sufficient answer and continued to challenge McCormack on the same point in Tuesday 's press briefing .
Yet a funny thing happened on the way to print : the substance of these exchanges never made it into Lee 's corresponding articles ...
First , here 's the main exchange between Lee and McCormack on Monday :
LEE : If it ’s true , as you say , and I think that you agree because you do say this humanitarian situation is dire , that lives are at stake , that there have been civilian casualties despite the efforts to minimize them .
MCCORMACK : Right .
LEE :
What ’s wrong with an immediate cease - fire that does n’t have to be sustainable and durable if , during the pause that you get from an immediate cease - fire , something longer - term can be negotiated ?
MCCORMACK : Well --
LEE : I do n’t understand the calculus .
If you say you want to save lives and protect people , why not accept something that is less --
MCCORMACK : Right .
LEE : --- than perfect if you can get to that point ?
MCCORMACK : Right .
LEE : If you can use that to get to a point that is ( inaudible ) ?
MCCORMACK : I guess the calculation is , Matt , fundamentally that you ’re not going to get to that point under those circumstances .
LEE : How do you – how do you figure ?
How do you --
MCCORMACK : Well , you know , we ’ve gone through circumstances like this before , and it – look , it ’s – well , there are no sureties in these things .
You know , you take a look at the facts , you take a look at history , and you make your best set of calculations and you do what you think is right in order to achieve the objectives that you have laid out .
And it does n’t – it perhaps helps the situation in the immediate term --
LEE : Well , if this is something that can perhaps do that , what ’s wrong with that ?
MCCORMACK : That ’s exactly my point , Matt .
Are you trading off against lives in the future that will be lost if you do n’t go for a durable , sustainable cease - fire ?
We ’re not willing to do that .
Now , this may – of course , we have seen various protests , you know – capitals in the region as well .
We ’re aware of that .
And we ’re aware of the fact that lives have been lost , innocent life has been lost .
In none of this are there any easy decisions .
But you have to take the set of decisions that you believe will ultimately best benefit the people of the region , whether it ’s the Palestinians or the Israelis .
And people may disagree with our approach , our --
LEE : But is n’t the best benefit keeping people alive ?
MCCORMACK : It is , Matt , but I – you know , I --
LEE : If there ’s a chance that you can save some lives by going for an immediate cease - fire rather than one that is going to be – you know , that you know is going to be long - term and that meets your conditions , I do n’t understand what ’s wrong with that .
MCCORMACK : Well , again , Matt , there are people who are advocating that position .
I understand that .
But ultimately , we do n’t think that you address the underlying issues if you do n’t try to get a sustainable , durable , non - time - limited cease - fire .
And if you do n’t get that , you ’re going to be right back here again , whether it ’s – and you ’re going to have somebody else up here three months from now , four months from now , five months from now , talking about the same kind of tragedy .
Again , nobody wants to see the sort of humanitarian suffering that you ’re seeing in Gaza .
We ’re not blind to that .
We ’re trying to address the immediate circumstances , as well as to try to address something that is more durable , so those people in Gaza and the people on the other side of the border can maybe perhaps have some more semblance of a normal life .
Lee also has some other fine moments in this press briefing , including this follow - up to another State Department correspondent 's question about what signals the administration gave Israel regarding the military action in Gaza and if it approved of the newer ground incursion .
McCormick answers the other correspondent and then Lee jumps in with a dose of reality regarding US foreign policy .
MCCORMACK : Well , this is – you know , this is a question that always comes up .
We do n’t give green lights , red lights , yellow lights .
I think you heard from the Vice President they ’re – they did n’t seek our permission or advice , and we did n’t seek to offer any of that .
As I – as I said --
LEE :
You know , that ’s not – that ’s just manifestly not true .
MCCORMACK : As I – yes , it is .
LEE : No , no – maybe in – maybe in this , but all over the world you are involved in giving green lights , red lights and yellow lights .
I remember when– -
MCCORMACK : Am I talking --
LEE : --- when Musharraf --
MCCORMACK : Am I talking about anywhere else in the world , Matt ?
Am I talking about a specific circumstance ?
Look --
According to a LexisNexis and Google News search , Lee did n't publish a report after this briefing on Monday .
Lee returns to his original question in Tuesday 's press briefing :
LEE :
The point is , though , Sean , that if it – if what is proposed has a time limit or you do n’t think it ’s durable or sustainable , you ’re not going to support that ; correct ?
MCCORMACK : That ’s correct .
LEE : That – so while you want one immediately --
MCCORMACK : Right .
LEE : --- you will not accept one that is just a short or a temporary pause ?
MCCORMACK : Again , we have deep concern for the humanitarian situation in Gaza and for the innocent lives on both sides --
LEE : Well , if you do --
MCCORMACK : --- both sides of --
LEE : If you do --
[...]
LEE : Sean , can I go back to the question I asked yesterday ?
MCCORMACK : Yeah .
LEE : I do n’t – I still am not sure I understand your reasoning as to why , if innocent life can be saved --
MCCORMACK : Right .
LEE : --- even one innocent life can be saved by a temporary pause --
MCCORMACK : Right .
LEE : --- ceasefire , what ’s wrong with that ?
Why --
MCCORMACK : There ’s – look , I know that that is a point of view that is supported by many .
And we value every single life , absolutely .
But you also do n’t want to get into a situation where you are trading off – you know , trading off saving even one life now , against losing 30 , 40 , 50 or more in the future and being right back in the same situation .
LEE : But you do n’t know that you ’re going to --
MCCORMACK : I know , Matt .
Look , there ’s no cookie - cutter approach to trying to solve these problems , absolutely not .
And I would be the first one to acknowledge that these are tough , sometimes gut - wrenching decisions when you see some of the humanitarian suffering on the ground there .
I fully acknowledge that .
But we have to stand back from that and try to make what we believe are the best decisions possible that will improve the situation in the region for Israelis , Palestinians , and others who have an interest in seeing a different kind of Middle East .
And I know there are different points of view on this matter , and I fully respect those points of view .
But we are pursuing the course that we believe is in the best interests of the United States , as well as the people in the region .
LEE : But do you understand the impression that that gives or the – that that gives ?
I mean , that position that you take appears to many people to be a – the proverbial green light for the Israelis to go ahead and do whatever they want until they think that they ’re done .
MCCORMACK : Look , you know , I can – all I can do is try to disabuse people of those impressions and those perceptions .
Whether or not they listen to what I have to say or the reasoning behind it , I ca n’t control that .
Look , we have seen this – you know , we have been in – the United States has been in similar circumstances --- you can cite many throughout history – of making very , very tough decisions .
We had to make similarly tough decisions , for example , back in 2006 when there was a war between Israel and Hezbollah , one provoked by Hezbollah .
At the end of that process , as difficult as it was , we believed that the status – you know , the status quo is much preferable and better than the status quo ante .
As difficult as that was , and as great as the costs that were incurred in terms of human life and other ways --
LEE :
And you ’re saying that – so you ’re saying that you have the same – that the calculus is the same in this case ?
That the status quo – what is happening on the ground right now is preferable to what it was before ?
MCCORMACK : No , that ’s not what I ’m saying , Matt .
Listen to what I ’m saying .
What I ’m saying – the situation at the end of the conflict between --- you know , between Hezbollah and Israel , and currently , is better and preferable .
It ’s better for the people of Lebanon .
It ’s better for the people of Israel .
It ’s better for the region than the status quo ante .
LEE : So at that --
MCCORMACK : That ’s not to say – that ’s not to say there were n’t great costs that were incurred in that and that there were n’t difficult decisions that were taken in that regard .
But what we can do , and what we have to do as stewards of our national interest as well as doing what we think is best for the interests of the people in the region , is the course that we are currently on .
LEE : So if we take that – this situation , you believe that once Israel is finished with what it ’s doing , whatever it ’s going to do , the situation in Gaza is going to be better than it was before ?
MCCORMACK : You know , again , you ’re viewing it through a particular – you know , the particular prism of somehow the United States is offering some sort of counsel about Israeli military operations .
We are not .
LEE : No , no , no .
MCCORMACK : Our interest is in bringing about a durable , sustainable ceasefire so that the – what you have after conflict has ended is better than what you had before conflict began .
Yeah .
After this Tuesday briefing , Lee wrote up and filed his story .
With the misleadingly hopeful headline " Rice Traveling to UN to Push Gaza Cease - Fire " ( please note : traditionally speaking , reporters do n't write their own headlines ) , the article opens :
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will travel to New York and the United Nations on Tuesday in a bid to broker a sustainable cease - fire as soon as possible to end the crisis in Gaza .
Lee knows there 's a stark difference between a " ceasefire " and the administration 's " sustainable " or " durable " ceasefire .
Most of his back and forth with McCormack for two days pivoted on these semantic but very consequential points of distinction .
AP editors surely know this as well .
Yet the AP --- America 's leading newswire service --- either carelessly or willfully misled its readers and all the news providers it supplied with this headline , many of which , as is often the case , then use it to frame this unfolding story .
A headline much closer to the truth would 've read " Rice Traveling to UN to Push Conditional Gaza Cease - Fire . "
Omit " conditional " or some such synonym and the headline gives the false impression that Rice is coming to the Palestinians ' rescue .
Lee and his editors at the AP realize as well that Rice is coming to the Palestinians ' rescue like she came to the Lebanese civilians ' rescue in 2006 .
The piece continues :
Rice plans to hold several separate meetings with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Arab and European foreign ministers to lobby for a three - tiered U.S. truce proposal and will then attend a U.N. Security Council meeting on Gaza , State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said .
The talks are intended " to further her efforts to bring about a cease - fire that is sustainable and durable concerning Gaza , " he told reporters .
The U.S. wants to see three key elements in any agreement : an end to rocket attacks on Israel from Gaza and securing between Gaza and Israel and between Gaza and Egypt .
[...]
McCormack said it was not clear if the council would adopt any resolution on Tuesday and said the United States could only support an immediate cease - fire if it is not time - limited and addresses the three U.S. points .
" We would like to see the violence end today , " he said .
" But we also want to see it end in a way that is sustainable and durable . "
At the White House , press secretary Dana Perino repeated that position .
" We want to get to a durable cease - fire as soon as possible , " Perino said .
" And if that is immediate , then we would certainly welcome that . " [...]
Lee pressed McCormack on this administration position for two days , pinpointing and questioning the transparency of its illogic and brutal disregard to what is now a full - blown humanitarian crisis .
But none of Lee 's related questions , or McCormack 's answers framed by those questions , ever appear in this article .
Nor do they appear in Lee 's article published the next day , " Rice Extends UN Visit Amid Gaza Truce Debate , " which opens :
The Bush administration held off Wednesday from backing an Egyptian - French ceasefire proposal in Gaza , but urged a lasting agreement that would end ongoing violence between Israeli and Hamas forces that have killed more than 670 people .
If you watch or read what Lee said during the corresponding press briefings , it 's hard to believe he decided to scrub those exchanges with McCormick .
Of course it 's possible .
But the only thing that 's certain is somewhere between Lee 's exemplary work in those two prior press briefings and the AP 's editorial process , someone decided to censor the pertinent truth about the reckless stupidity and grisly inhumanity of the administration 's current Gaza stance .
Cross-posted from MediaBloodhound .
In 1995 , the Republican Congress , led by Newt Gingrich , dismantled the Office of Technology Assessment , a bipartisan consultant to the government on matters scientific .
For over two decades the OTA had provided extensive expert advice to the President and Congress , but was defunded and shut its doors ... a sign of things to come .
In January 2009 , when Barack Obama took the oath of office , he said , " We will restore science to its rightful place . "
It 's time we held him to that .
Blogger Darlene Cavalier met with Congressman Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) recently , and he will be pushing to reopen the OTA .
In early May he will defend this act on the floor of the Capitol .
I cannot stress enough how important this is .
The thread of science runs through a huge number of major decisions the President must make , from health care to the economy to biology ( stem cell research ) to the space program .
Science Progress has more on why this must happen .
You can join the Facebook group for this , but more importantly , Darlene started an online petition to help us show our support for Representative Holt .
It 's not binding , of course , but if we get a few thousand signatures it might help win enough hearts and minds .
I do n't ask you BABloggees for much , but I 'm asking you for this .
Join me , Darlene , Chris Mooney , and others .
Read those links , and then if you feel you can , sign the petition .
Let 's get science back in the government 's good graces ... and vice - versa .
The all got fixed !
Since there are so much changes , we no not list all new and updated plugins here .
There were changes on nearly all of them .
JDownloader now comes with OCR methods for over 35 different servies .
Enable or disable them indivudually .
JDownloader now uses a collapsible sidebar layout .
You will experience , that you always have all currently important interactions either in the context ( right click ) or sidebar menu .
The amount of windows was reduced to keep the app simple .
Most addons and modules no are placed in the main frame .
Even the linkgrabber has no popup any more .
There now are various options to boost JDownloader 's GUI speed .
Disable advanced effects in the interface configuration , disable window decoration or switch to the low - performance - style ( first style in list )
There is no menu any more .
The sidebar and the new startmenu provide all interactions you need .
Just click the JDownloader logo in the top - left corner .
Most of the premiumusers know : “ To use a premiumaccount , you have to activate premium globally ” .
This has NOT changed .
But the Global premium switch no provides more features …
Click it with the left mousebutton , and you enable / disable premium globally .
A right click invokes the premiumquickmenu .
Open your favourite hoster 's configuration as fast as possible .
The quick - Premium button is located at the bottom - left corner .
JDownloader now uses Hoster 's logo instead of text .
If you like to use custom hoster icons , just createan icon with the hoster 's domain in
jd_home\jd\img\hosterlogos
for example :
jd_home\jd\img\hosterlogos\mysamplehoster.com.png
The icons have to be in png format , and should be 16 × 16 Pixel .
It now has a break feature , which reduces downloadspeed to a minimum but keeps connections open .
This may be usefully if you have to do a void call .
The new Stop - Sign Feature allows you to mark a download or package , after which the download should stop .
Right click on any Downloadlink or Filepackage to set it 's stop sign and no further downloads will start after the selected one .
You are used to the fact , that JDownloaders handles links from top to bottom .
This is still true , except you set priority on some links or packages .
A priorized link will always start before others .
If you like to download a certain link NOW , you do not longer have to move it to the list 's head .
Just click right → an give it a priority form - 1 to 3 .
You even can assign priority in the linkgrabber .
JDownloader comes in your preferred color to fit perfect to the rest of your system .
Configuration →Interface →Look →Select a style and restart .
The linkgrabber has been improved a lot .
It comes totally rewritten and provides packaging by drag&drop , filtering file types , online and statuschecks , hoster selection , and much more .
The Linkgrabber 's configuration allows to disable the filecheck or to edit a static filterlist .
Using this list , you can filter special file types , hoster , etc .
The filter is based on regular expressions which match on the url or the filename .
Double click on packages or links to open its file ( package ) information .
Click right on various packages to set the destination for all together .
Balloons which pop up at the bottom right inform you about important events .
Of course , this feature can be disabled .
Moreover , JD shows you more detailed infos about what it is doing .
A filterable log helps you to find your information .
Most options now have a header .
Clicking this header usually leads you to the concerned knowledge base site .
If you need detailed help for a certain feature , try to press ctrl +shift and move our mouse over any component .
" Did his style of working change from Beirut to Tunis to Ramallah ? " I ask .
" He faced new problems here , " Abdul Rahman concedes .
" If he was told ' This ministry does not need people , it is filled , ' he 'd say , ' Okay ' and then create another ministry .
In this way he built the main basis for the state . "
The marble - floored Palestine Media Center is by far the snazziest government ministry in Ramallah .
It is run by the veteran propagandist Yasir Abd Rabbo , who looks like a ladies ' man at a red - brick college in Manchester or Leeds and walks with a limp that he claims is the result of an old war wound .
An inveterate " splittist , " who joined and left a long list of secular leftist Palestinian parties , he is a charter member of the Arafatist bloc .
He is also a habitual gossip .
He knows N. well , and is happy to grant us an interview .
Like many of the men I talk to , he speaks of the late Palestinian leader in the present tense .
" Arafat 's great secret is patience , " Abd Rabbo explains , of the man he served for more than three decades .
" He does not cut even a thread to a fly .
He keeps lines open with everybody .
He is Arafat the progressive , Arafat the Islamist , Arafat the conservative , and Arafat the enlightened .
So he was with the Saudi kings and with the kings of the Kremlin at the same time , with Fidel Castro and all kinds of imams and the pope .
The one main issue he did not compromise in his life was the independence of the Palestinian movement .
He believed since the beginning that if he did not preserve the independence of the Palestinian movement from the other Arab regimes , he will be doomed . "
Abd Rabbo's area of particular expertise in the 1970s was the politics of the European left and the Soviet bloc .
A table near his desk shows off a laughing Buddha , a crystal eagle , and a photo book titled Russia : The Country of Vast Expanses .
He explains to me how Arafat patiently led the Palestinian national movement up the ladder to the inner halls of the Kremlin .
His goal was the near - hallucinatory possibility of state sponsorship by one of the two reigning Cold War superpowers .
After the October War of 1973 , which began Egypt 's migration into the American camp , Arafat 's dream of Soviet sponsorship became a reality .
" We started to meet Brezhnev , we started to meet Andropov , Chernenko , and the others .
Of course , Arafat is always trying to give the impression that he is — "
" A Marxist ? " I wonder out loud .
" No , never , never , never , " Abd Rabbo answers , appalled .
" That he is so independent , that he is Arafat the Palestinian , the nationalist , the Muslim who is building relations with Moscow .
I remember in one of the first visits , suddenly , I do n't know why — but I understand why — he wanted to pray the noon prayers inside the Kremlin .
We were begging him , ' Do n't do that , postpone it , God will permit you .
There is no access to God here . '
He got down on his knees in the middle of the room , on the carpet , and he bowed down to Mecca and he said his prayers .
This was also a message to the Saudis , you see — 'I am Arafat , the Muslim , and I built these relations with the Soviet Union . ' "
Arafat 's defiant behavior toward the Soviets in the seventies and eighties mirrored exactly the tantrums that would puzzle and intimidate Western diplomats in the nineties .
When I ask Abd Rabbo if any of the Soviet leaders had Arafat 's number , he nods .
" Andropov , " he answers , smiling ever so slightly at the memory of the legendary KGB spymaster who became premier of the Soviet Union for a short time in the early 1980s .
When the Palestinians met with Andropov , in 1982 , he seemed old and frail and appeared to doze off .
" And Arafat took his time explaining everything , going from one continent to another , to the seventh sky and down , talking about everything that he had in his mind .
He talked about how he had defeated the Israeli army , and how he had developed his own weapons factories , and how he made anti-tank missiles from his own secret designs .
And in the middle of his — let 's call them flights of fancy — Andropov raised his head up and told him , ' Chairman Arafat , let 's stop it now . '
So Arafat stopped talking nonsense and started talking politics . "
Mamduh Nofal is the former military commander of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine , and the commander of the Palestinian forces during the siege of Beirut .
A peculiarly Palestinian amalgam of poet , op - ed writer , and guerrilla fighter , he is an imposing hulk of a man , at once friendly and fierce , like a pirate in a storybook .
At the battle of Karamah , in Jordan , in 1968 , Nofal was a military leader for the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) .
It was there that he began his relationship with Arafat , he tells me when we meet in his modern office in Ramallah .
The sign outside his office identifies him as a high - ranking official of Fatah .
" With the fighters , he lived with them as they lived .
He sat with them on the ground .
He brought food for them and fed them .
This is not propaganda . "
Nofal tells me that Arafat 's strategic use of violence after Oslo began with permitting Hamas and Islamic Jihad to launch terror attacks .
Arafat would then crack down on those same organizations to show that he was in control .
Nofal first heard Arafat give orders that led directly to violence , he says , before the riots that erupted over the excavation of the Hasmonean tunnel , near the Haram al - Sharif , in 1996 .
Nofal says that the impetus for the violence was the statement by the newly elected Israeli prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , that he would not speak to Arafat directly .
Arafat was furious at the slight .
" I was with him in his office , " Nofal recalls .
" He got up and walked around the desk .
He was very , very angry .
Finally he calmed down a bit and he pointed to the phone on his desk .
He said , ' I will make Netanyahu call me on this phone . ' "
Arafat ordered demonstrators into the streets , and told them to provoke the Israelis .
When violence erupted , the Israelis were blamed .
" I was sitting with him again when the phone on his desk rang , and he looked at me and said , ' It 's Netanyahu . '
And it was him . "
The second intifada also began with the intention of provoking the Israelis and subjecting them to diplomatic pressure .
Only this time Arafat went for broke .
As a member of the High Security Council of Fatah , the key decision - making and organizational body that dealt with military questions at the beginning of the intifada , Nofal has firsthand knowledge of Arafat 's intentions and decisions during the months before and after Camp David .
" He told us , ' Now we are going to the fight , so we must be ready , ' " Nofal remembers .
Nofal says that when Barak did not prevent Ariel Sharon from making his controversial visit to the plaza in front of al - Aqsa , the mosque that was built on the site of the ancient Jewish temples , Arafat said , " Okay , it 's time to work . "
When it became clear that Ariel Sharon , then the Israeli opposition leader , would win the Israeli elections in February of 2001 , Nofal went to Arafat and urged him to call off the intifada .
" There were a lot of people sitting around , including Saeb Erekat and Yasir Abd Rabbo , " Nofal remembers .
" I told him , ' Abu Ammar , I need the security to speak openly . '
The Bedouin say , ' Give me the security to speak freely . '
He said to me , ' Speak . '
" I said to him , ' Abu Ammar , Barak will lose , Sharon is coming , the military work is not our field .
It is Sharon 's field .
He needs it .
So please , Abu Ammar , let us go out from this field , and leave Sharon as the hayawan muftaris [ the flesh - eating animal ] to play alone . ' "
" Those who were sitting around Arafat , they said , ' Ah , you are afraid of Sharon ! ' "
Nofal recalls , shaking his head .
" ' Sharon will not stay in power .
Barak stayed eighteen months .
Sharon will stay nine .
And if we conquer him , this is the last bullet in the Israeli gun ! '
They said , ' So , khalas [ enough already ] — why are you afraid ? '
I said , ' I am afraid that he will destroy us in these nine months , and I doubt that he will fail . '
At that time Arafat kept silent .
He was listening .
But most of those around opposed what I said . "
" And I think Saudi Arabia also played a role in Arafat 's decision to keep the intifada going , " Nofal says , agreeing with a similar analysis presented to me by Abd Rabbo .
" Clinton put his initiative on the table on the eighteenth of December , after three months of intifada .
Arafat visited Saudi Arabia .
At that time the Saudi Arabian leadership told him , ' Wait , do n't give this card to Clinton .
Clinton is going , Bush is coming .
Bush is the son of our friend .
We will get more for you from him . '
Then we discovered that Saudi Arabia could n't do anything , that it is not a matter of personal issues or friendship .
And Sharon succeeded very well , and put us in a corner . "
Later that evening I meet Nasser al - Kidwa , Arafat 's nephew and the new Palestinian foreign minister , in the lobby of the Grand Park Hotel in Ramallah , a regular hangout for the new Palestinian elite .
Men sit on pastel - suede lounge furniture and smoke cigarettes beneath a fresco of smirking putti holding a swagged cloth .
Al - Kidwa has little time for frivolities .
With his round face and small features , short arms , and tiny fingers , there is something disconcertingly fetal and half - formed about his physicality .
Family was never important to him or to his uncle , he tells me .
All that mattered was the success of the cause .
He invites me up to his bare hotel room , where he informs me about the contents of his uncle 's medical files .
" The funny thing is , I brought them to New York , and then brought them back to Gaza , and then from Gaza to Ramallah , " al - Kidwa remembers of the large binder — 500 - plus pages , with tabs of several colors , containing x-rays and medical charts — that he was given by the French authorities .
" No one believed they are in my damn suitcase , including the Israelis .
I just passed through the checkpoint without telling anybody anything . "
When I ask him whether he read the files , he shakes his head .
" I did n't look at them because I knew that we would n't find a single word that was inconsistent with what we were told , " he says .
" I personally think that it is probably an unnatural cause . "
" So the Israelis poisoned him ? " I ask .
" I can't say that , because , again , this is too serious to just be said like that , " al - Kidwa answers .
He understood his uncle as a great actor who took pleasure in his performances .
" He succeeded in turning the cause of the refugees into the cause of the century , while his enemy is probably the strongest actor in the world , in modern history if not beyond , " al - Kidwa explains , his voice falling almost to a whisper .
" That enemy being the United States ? " I ask .
" No , " he says .
" Israel .
And its supporters .
The Jewish community around the world . "
Even here , in Ramallah , he is careful to whisper .
When I ask him to explain the achievements of his uncle 's rule in the context of the Palestinian national movement , his voice returns to normal .
" He set some rules — noble , I think , " al - Kidwa says .
" For instance , no one will be deprived of his salary , even traitors .
If you shoot at him , still your family will get your salary , and your kids will still go to school . "
One Big Prison
My trips to Gaza , a teeming seaside strip of land with a distinctly Egyptian flavor , provide the most striking evidence of the economic consequences of Arafat 's misrule .
The Erez checkpoint , where I enter , is like a wound that has been opened and reopened .
Twenty - five - foot - high sections of concrete barrier of the type that are being used for the wall in Jerusalem stand next to a sandbagged pillbox that has been reinforced with steel .
A decade ago , after the first intifada , the guard post here was a white - painted wooden shack on the road .
Now , past the elaborate security barriers on the Israeli side , a long , dank , tin-roofed corridor stretches toward Gaza like a passageway for cattle .
At the end of the corridor is a ramshackle guard post .
The Palestinian soldier at the post wears green army fatigues and a knit wool hat embroidered with the words " Top Gun . "
Aided by the light of a single bulb , he laboriously inscribes the passport numbers of entering visitors with a worn pencil in a spiral - bound notebook .
On the wall behind him is a framed photograph of the Old Man .
To the right of the checkpoint is the Erez industrial area .
One of the few tangible results of hundreds of meetings to figure out a way to help Israeli and foreign manufacturers tap the Palestinian labor market , the industrial area is nearly abandoned after a series of suicide bombings .
A wet , acrid haze from untreated sewage and burning plastic hangs over Gaza during the daylight hours , and gets worse at night .
The sewage - treatment plant in Beit Lahia is working at three times its normal capacity .
It takes me only two hours to travel the entire length of Gaza .
My destination is the city of Rafah , which lies half on the Israeli side and half on the Egyptian side of the border .
Rafah is a tropical place with famous hothouses that grow flowers for export and excellent vegetables .
Egyptian flags fly above the high wall that marks the border , which is a magnet for smugglers .
Israeli raids to stop the contraband have turned the neighborhoods of Rafah nearest the border into a moonscape of shattered concrete .
It is easy to see why Rafah has become a byword for the misery of the Palestinian people since the beginning of the intifada .
Said Zourub , the mayor of Rafah , is a middle - aged man with a handsome black moustache , who is wearing a black turtleneck in the 90 Ë heat .
Riding in his Ford Explorer , we stop frequently as groups of men warn of an incursion by an Israeli armored unit .
Rounding the corner , we find two armored Israeli bulldozers knocking down a building that was used as cover for a smuggling tunnel .
The Rafah school is pockmarked by heavy - caliber bullets , many of which date from a memorable firefight in which the armed men of the refugee camps established positions there .
" Here was a tunnel , " the mayor says , pointing to a flattened pile of rubble .
On a wall nearby is English - language graffiti memorializing " Rachel who came to Rafah to protect our camp , " a reference to Rachel Corrie , an American volunteer who was run over by an Israeli bulldozer in March of 2003 when she attempted to prevent a house from being demolished .
Next to the graffiti about Corrie is the word " Fuck . "
Zourub remembers the day when Abu Ammar made his triumphant entry into Gaza , in 1994 .
" My son asks me on that day , ' Baba , why did Abu Ammar come back here ? ' "
Zourub tells me , as we drive through the ruined streets of his city .
" I tell him , ' Abu Ammar came to make things better for the people . '
Now , when Abu Ammar dies , he tells me , ' Baba , you are a big liar .
Abu Ammar failed to achieve anything . ' "
The mayor eases his 4x4 around a corner , as if the machine can delicately sense danger .
We stop , and a large group of men gather around the mayor 's vehicle to complain that a tank has destroyed a manhole .
A man in a tan sweater and a black jacket rides his bicycle past , followed by a man in a donkey cart .
The drive back to Gaza City takes four and a half hours .
I spend the night in a luxury hotel by the beach , a short walk from the four - story multimillion - dollar villa constructed by Arafat 's successor , Mahmoud Abbas , on land that was designated for use as a public park .
The next morning I meet with Iyad Sarraj , a human - rights activist and the director of the leading mental - health organization in Gaza .
In the 1980s , during the first intifada , many of his patients were prisoners who had been tortured by the Israelis .
In the 1990s the prisoners he treated were victims of torture by the Palestinian Authority 's principal militia , the Preventive Security Service .
When Sarraj complained about the poor state of civil liberties under President Arafat , he was jailed three times , beaten , and tortured .
A handsome secularist in his forties , he wears a black - leather motorcycle jacket and smokes constantly during our interview , which is held in his office overlooking the Mediterranean .
His eyes are tired .
" Palestinians have lost the battle because of their lack of organization and because they have been captives of rhetoric and sloganeering rather than actual work , " he says .
" I believe that the conflict between the Israelis and the Palestinians in one way or the other is between development and underdevelopment , civilization and backwardness .
Israel was established on the rule of law , on democratization , and certain principles that would advance Israel , while the Arabs and the Palestinians were waiting always for the prophet , for the rescuer , for the savior , the mahdi .
Arafat came , and everyone hung their hats on him without realizing that there is a big gap between the rescuer and the actual work that needs to be done .
This is where the Palestinians lost again the battle .
They lost it in ' 48 because of their backwardness , ignorance , and lack of organization in how to confront the Zionist enemy .
They lost it when they had the chance to build a state , because the PA was absolutely corrupt and disorganized . "
Documents captured by the Israelis give a very detailed picture of the vast protection racket set up by Arafat and his henchmen to govern Gaza .
At the top of the pyramid were Arafat and his inner circle .
Below them were the Gaza security chief , Muhammad Dahlan , and the Gaza intelligence chief , Amin al - Hindi .
Dahlan 's deputy , Rashid Abu Shabak , who was responsible for terror attacks on Israelis as well as for the murder of Palestinians , controlled the Karni checkpoint , demanding exorbitant bribes for allowing goods to pass in and out of the Gaza Strip .
Dahlan , Shabak , and the other heads of the Preventive Security Service apparatus profited from their joint investments with a businessman named Ihab al - Ashqar .
Together they controlled the Great Arab Company for Investment and Development , which imported gravel through the Karni checkpoint ; the al - Motawaset Company , which bought gravel from the Great Arab Company and made cement ; and the al - Sheik Zayid construction project .
Large sums of money regularly changed hands among the partners .
Additional sums came directly from Arafat himself .
" To the brother the Rais , may Allah protect him , " wrote Muhammad Dahlan on January 1 , 2001 .
" Please instruct the payment of $ 200,000 . "
Arafat 's reply , " Ministry of Finance : pay $ 150,000 , " is duly noted .
The results of this system of payoffs and theft are written in the rubble fields of Rafah and on the walls and utility poles of the Jabalya refugee camp , near the Erez crossing .
The flags that flutter over the camp represent the different Palestinian factions .
Green is for Hamas , black for Islamic Jihad , yellow for Fatah , and red for the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine .
A wall banner reads Hamas congratulates the Islamic nation for the al - Fitr feast .
Teenage martyrs are everywhere in the camp .
Their solemn , unblinking eyes stare out from commemorative posters that promise the sweetness of everlasting life and the sureness of divine vengeance .
My guide , Ismail , is twenty years old , quiet and well - spoken .
With his jean jacket , gelled brown hair , sideburns , sharp nose , and olive skin , he looks like a singer in a Latin pop band .
He works in a bakery , though he once dreamed of joining the Preventive Security Service .
His family refused their permission .
" The reputation of the Preventive Security has been destroyed by the Death Group , " Ismail explains sadly , referring to the notorious unit headed by an officer named Nabil Tammuz .
As we wait by the Erez checkpoint , three kids pass us on a donkey cart , laughing and having a wonderful time as they circumvent the roadblock by going off into the fields , where cars cannot follow .
" The Jeep is nothing compared to the donkey cart now ! " they call out .
Since the beginning of the intifada the price of a donkey - cart ride in Gaza has more than tripled .
When I ask Ismail if he ever thought of leaving this place , his watchful face goes slack , and a dreamy look comes into his eyes .
" This is the wish of my life , " he answers simply .
As our driver inches forward , a disembodied voice orders in Hebrew , " Lachzor " — " Go back . "
Gunfire crackles over our heads and into the fields .
After another forty - five minutes of waiting I decide to walk across the road , with a friend who has accompanied me here .
We pass a thin gray line of workers coming out of the Erez industrial area — fewer than a hundred , in an area that was made for thousands — and then we stand and wait for an hour and a half or so at the Palestinian end of the checkpoint , where a gangster with huge gold - rimmed sunglasses balanced on his long nose is bringing in a shipment of cars from Israel .
A heavy - caliber Israeli gun opens up over the road , pumping jackhammer bursts into the fields .
" Night fire , " my companion explains .
" They are keeping the barrels warm . "
As I trudge through the dark , echoing tunnel that leads back to Israel , I pass two Arab boys arguing over money .
" You stole three shekels , " one says .
" I am not a thief ! " his friend answers .
The next evening a suicide squad attacks the guard post , and three attackers die .
When I come back to Gaza , everything is the same , except for a ten - foot hole and a new pile of rubble .
The Professionals
Absent the formal police - state structure that existed in Iraq and still exists in Syria , the reality of Palestin - ian social and political life under Arafat can best be described not as totalitarian but , rather , as an extreme kind of political narcissism , in which millions of people were reduced to tokens in the fantasy life of the man they had been educated to think of as their father .
Their willingness to follow the Old Man can be read as a measure of his charisma , his skill at manipulating people , the depth of Palestinian despair , or the larger sickness of Arab politics .
Yet it is also a fact that Arafat would not have survived for longer than a few months if not for the men of the security services who planted and debriefed informers , conducted interrogations , and maintained the vast storehouses of information that were the foundation of his rule .
The new headquarters of Tawfiq Tirawi , Arafat 's favorite spymaster , are located in a Palestinian Authority building in Ramallah ; the sign outside proclaims an affiliation with the ministry that handles construction .
The parking lot is guarded by men in uniform .
I am quickly ushered inside the building , where a guard takes my passport before he lets me get on the elevator .
I ascend in the company of a pair of guards , who lead me out to a floor of the building that appears to be empty .
One of the guards opens a door and leads me down a hallway to an open room that is filled with women sitting at computer terminals , where I am offered a chair .
A parrot chirps in the corner as a girl in careful makeup and bright hijab enters data into a brand - new computer .
The spymaster 's outer office is quiet and well run , and shows few signs of the goldbricking and placeholding that characterize the more public functions of the Palestinian Authority .
Tirawi's title during Arafat 's lifetime was head of the General Intelligence Service in the West Bank .
While the general secretary of Fatah in the West Bank , Marwan Barghouti , led the intifada in the field , Tirawi provided the professional planning and staff required to launch terror attacks that killed hundreds of Israeli civilians , and received detailed reports about the individuals and organizations involved through a network headed by his deputy , Haj Ismail Jabir .
After waiting for about half an hour , my translator and I are ushered down a long corridor , past a security door , and through a windowless conference room filled with brand - new imported office furniture still encapsulated in amniotic plastic sacs .
We walk through a security door , into another empty office , and then through a second security door , which opens on to a quiet , light - filled office , where Tirawi sits at his desk and speaks softly into a cell phone .
" La , la , la , la , la , " he answers , nodding his head in assent .
His potbelly grown a bit larger after the years of his confinement in the Muqata , Tawfiq Tirawi is a calm , meditative presence who speaks in the unhurried , deliberative voice of a professional interrogator .
He is well dressed , in expensive casual European clothes — a white - cashmere turtleneck under a tan jacket , and wool trousers that ride up over his stomach .
His black hair is shot through with gray .
He speaks with his hands clasped just below his sternum , over the buckle of his brown - leather Gucci belt .
Abu Ammar , he explains , was an abqari , a genius , with a thirst for small details .
" He had a computer up here , " he says , tapping his head with his index finger when I ask him what kinds of details his master particularly liked to know .
" All the information , " he says .
" Including the most personal information .
And not only regarding political rivals , but everybody — he will love to know this kind of personal information . "
Our conversation is interrupted by the gentle ring of his cell phone , and Tirawi speaks for a while , issuing clear , simple orders .
Arabic headlines scroll by in silence on a large TV set tuned to al - Jazeera .
After a few minutes he turns back to our conversation .
He was nineteen or twenty when he first met the Old Man , at a guerrilla base in Jordan .
The Old Man had only two suits .
" And he had two kaffiyas , " Tirawi adds .
" Sometimes he would wear the kaffiya around his neck instead , especially in winter when it was very cold .
But he got used to it , so then he started wearing it on his head in winter and summer .
He never wore cologne . "
I ask Tirawi to describe the way that Arafat dealt with his political allies and his rivals within the Palestinian national movement .
" Many times , with the members of the executive committee , this is the impression he gave them — that he was their father , even if they were older than he was , " Tirawi says .
" He had those two important positions , of being the father , of embracing everybody , and gathering them around him , and then , when it came to a time of decision , he was the leader .
Sometimes he would get mad at somebody , and he would say something that made them upset , and then directly , the next day , he would be coming to them , kissing them and saying that he was sorry , and giving them the impression that he was apologizing to them . "
When I ask Tirawi how the second intifada started , he initially denies that Arafat was responsible .
" It was a popular movement , because Israel was not respecting the agreements , " Tirawi says .
When I press him further , he says that there was in fact a decision to launch a war against the Israelis .
" After tens of Palestinians were killed by the Israeli army — that was how it started , " Tirawi says , amplifying his original statement .
" There was not any use of weapons at the beginning of the intifada .
Only after — even after a hundred Palestinians were killed , there was not one bullet .
After that , there was a decision .
But only after more than a hundred Palestinians were killed . "
Having established himself in bunkerlike circumstances inside the Muqata , Arafat expressed a great deal of frustration with the lack of support he received from Arab leaders who made ritual obeisance to the justice of the Palestinian cause .
" Many times he would be pushing the Arab leaders to move , not to wait , especially when he was besieged , " Tirawi remembers in his mellow voice , as the sun streams through the plate - glass windows , which overlook the hills around Ramallah .
" He would look at those Arab leaders with great bitterness , because they were impotent , they could not do anything . "
When I ask Tirawi to name Arafat 's greatest failure , he is blunt .
" He failed to realize his dream and the dream of his people of establishing a state . "
The members of Fatah 's young guard who achieved a measure of real political power in Arafat 's court were the heads of the security services in the West Bank and Gaza , Jibril Rajoub and Muhammad Dahlan .
Both men had become close to Arafat in Tunis after they were deported by the Israelis during the first intifada , in the eighties .
Both men forged close operational ties to the CIA during the nineties .
The theory then was that the United States and Israel needed to help train and strengthen Arafat 's security services , so that the Palestinian leader could crack down on Hamas and Islamic Jihad .
Rajoub 's relationship with the CIA came to an end in 2001 , when an explosive projectile damaged the bathroom of his heavily secured compound , which the Israelis claimed was being used as a hideout for terrorists .
The Israelis then demolished the compound .
Muhammad Dahlan , also known as Abu Fathi , is the crown prince of Gaza .
Well - built , in his mid-forties , Dahlan has an easy , powerful physical presence that exudes authority and a not inconsiderable amount of egotism and vanity .
Where Rajoub looks like a colonel in civilian clothing , Dahlan is a fawn - eyed fashion plate .
His hair is crimped with a wave in front , like an Egyptian pop star's .
Dahlan is widely seen as the power behind Mahmoud Abbas 's government and the paramount warlord in the Palestinian territories .
He is the linchpin for the Bush administration 's hopes for democracy in the Palestinian Authority .
When I arrive at his floor in the Grand Park Hotel in Ramallah , I am greeted by a bodyguard , who escorts me past three armed men to his room .
Today Dahlan is wearing alligator loafers , a silk turtleneck , a Gucci blazer , and a large Rolex watch .
Beside the couch where he sits is a stack of Arabic translations of articles from the world 's major newspapers .
Dahlan , who was first introduced to Arafat by Abu Jihad , in Baghdad , is pleased that I recognize his mentor 's name .
" When we lost Abu Jihad , we lost the political know - how , " he says .
" With Abu Iyad , we lost the creativity and ability to shape opinion . "
Dahlan takes a sip of his tea and leans forward .
" I believe that the internal life of the Palestinian national movement became much more complicated when Abu Jihad and Abu Iyad died , because we had only one person in charge , " he explains .
" If you disagree with Abu Ammar , you become with the Jews .
Whereas before , if you opposed Abu Ammar , it meant that you could be with Abu Jihad or Abu Iyad . "
Like Rajoub , who was close to Arafat in Tunis , Dahlan was horrified by the Palestinian leadership 's ignorance of the actual conditions in the territories and the nature of the Israeli state .
" It was a horrible shock , " he says .
" They did n't know anything , nothing essential , the details or even the important aspects of the situation .
Because I was used to Abu Jihad , who knew even the smallest details about who was who in this refugee camp , in that school , in this university , in Bir Zeit University , in Jabalya refugee camp , I assumed that the rest were like him .
When I became in the forefront after Abu Jihad died , I realized that they knew nothing .
I was astonished and I was saddened . "
" Arafat is your friend , as long as you 're not a threat to him , or a competitor , based on his perception , " Dahlan says .
In the last year of Arafat 's life , he adds , the relationship between them cooled .
" It 's not you , it 's not logic , " he explains .
" Sometimes he would get scared of you .
He would get jealous of you .
You do n't know why .
It would just start in his mind , from the people around him , " Dahlan says , leaning forward and squirting a decongestant spray into his nose from a white - plastic bottle .
" Working with him in general is not easy , even for people like me , " Dahlan continues .
Echoing comments made to me by Tirawi and Rajoub , he paints a picture of a highly emotional man who was expert in manipulating those around him but was also susceptible to the manipulations of his court .
" Many times he would be like a kid , " Dahlan remembers .
" Sometimes he is shouting , or sobbing , and other times he is very calm .
I remember him laughing when we were telling him jokes , especially when we were in the airplane together .
I remember him when he was angry , especially during the elections , the negotiations , when he was planning .
He had highly refined human emotions , very sensitive .
He is very shy — maybe this is something that will shock you .
Anytime someone was coming with any wish , he would want to fulfill it .
This created problems for us . "
In one case , early on in the Oslo process , Dahlan says , he remembers being alone with Arafat when Prime Minister Rabin called the Palestinian leader on the phone and asked to change a key point in the Oslo agreement .
Arafat agreed on the spot .
" He thought it was the fish market , " Dahlan adds .
My translator N. asks if he saw the recent editorial headline in the newspaper al - Ayyam that said " Arafat Makes Decisions From the Grave . "
" That 's shit and garbage , " Dahlan says .
When I ask him for his final verdict on Arafat 's mistakes , he is openly dismissive .
" He managed the relationship with the U.S. the way he manages relations with the Arab countries and the Third World countries , " Dahlan begins .
" Second , he did n't distinguish between a personal relationship and a political one . "
Dahlan pauses before he completes the list .
" And the third thing , which is also important , he thought he was as powerful as the Jews in the U.S.
He overestimated himself .
In my view , my interest lies with the U.S.
My duty is how to create an interest for the U.S. with me , so that they will serve me . "
The Israelis
In the weeks that follow , I ditch my translators and travel to Tel Aviv for on - and off - the - record meetings with present and former high - ranking Israeli officials , including officers of various intelligence services who had dealings with Arafat .
Both the Israelis and the Palestinians know their enemy well .
They share other things , too , such as their taste in interior décor .
During one meeting in the Kirya , the army command headquarters in the center of Tel Aviv , I notice that the view from my host 's corner office is similar to the view from Tawfiq Tirawi's office .
Again , the television is tuned to al - Jazeera with the sound turned off .
Looking around the room , I notice a picture of the Mosque of Omar above the walls of Jerusalem .
It 's almost the same office , I comment to my host , who smiles apologetically .
" But my view is nicer , " he says .
" I see the ocean . "
A current high - ranking officer in the Israeli intelligence services : " Let me tell you a story .
In 1997 Arafat was unhappy with Netanyahu , so in March he decided to resume what we call the green light for attacks .
Since early 1996 he had the red light .
So he had a meeting with the Hamas leadership , and he said something about the fact that they are always in holy war .
Hamas came out of this meeting and they were n't sure if Arafat really meant for them to resume the attacks .
So they asked him to give them a sign .
He released from jail Ibrahim Maqadma .
The story with Maqadma is that he had been in charge of the secret cell in Hamas that was in charge of getting rid of Arafat .
So by releasing him , you give them a green light .
On the twenty - first of March , 1997 , they carried out the attack on the café in Tel Aviv .
That is what we mean by the green light for terror . "
A former leader of the Israeli security services who met with Arafat many times : " He accepted that in his lifetime he would not see a Palestinian state that included the land beyond the 1967 borders .
' In his lifetime ' is a key phrase on our side also .
We also believe that all the land is ours .
If the Palestinians were weak enough , we would take Hebron and Nablus and sit there forever , because that is the biblical heartland of Israel .
Arafat woke up every day and imagined what is possible today , and that is the mark of a pragmatic person .
When the intifada came , he rode the horse .
I used to tell my people , just because you see a man sitting on top of the horse , it does n't mean he is telling the horse where it should go . "
Amos Gilad , the chief of Israeli military intelligence 's research section during the late 1990s , who authored a classified report titled " 2000 , the Year of Decision — The Coming Terror War Against Israel " : " He loved smoke and blood and ruins .
This is where he felt most comfortable .
He believed that Israel was a temporary entity .
To talk about him as a pragmatic person is utter nonsense .
His goal was to destroy us , and he almost succeeded .
He wanted to ride on his horse up to heaven . "
Former prime minister Ehud Barak is a unique figure in Israeli political life , because he is hated with equal intensity by the left and the right .
Israelis hate Barak because he killed their dreams .
Barak killed the dream of Greater Israel by offering to give up all of Gaza and all but a single - digit percentage of the West Bank , and to divide Jerusalem .
Barak killed the dream of peace by failing to reach an agreement with the Palestinians at Camp David .
The most decorated combat veteran in the history of the State of Israel , Barak is the country 's prodigal son , the leader to whom it turned in 1999 with high expectations , and from whom it received the bitter harvest of the al - Aqsa intifada .
The popular feeling about Barak is best summed up by a joke I saw on the Israeli sketch - comedy show Eretz Nehederet ( A Wonderful Country ) .
" Following the appearance of locusts this week in southern Israel , " the show 's anchor intoned , " experts are warning the public to be on the lookout for creatures that appear , wreak havoc , and leave quickly . "
The camera then cut to a picture of Barak .
I meet Barak in a Tel Aviv coffee shop called Aroma .
Barak 's security man arrives early , and asks me to move to another table so that he can position Barak close to an exit , with his back against a solid stone wall , facing outward .
When Barak arrives , he asks me to change seats , so that he can sit facing the wall .
Not yet comfortable , he props his feet up on a chair .
A fluent storyteller , Barak is also a skilled classical pianist , a gifted mathematician , and an amateur mechanic who likes to relax by taking objects apart and putting them back together .
His alert , inquisitive eyes and active features are set in a round face that carries the beginnings of a double chin .
There is a school of opinion that blames Arafat 's personal hatred of Barak for the intifada .
When I try it out on Barak , he dismisses the idea as irrational ; yet as we talk , it is not hard to see why so many people find him disconcerting .
Barak has two distinct and contradictory personalities .
He combines the hyperactive , engaging manner of the smartest ten - year - old boy on the planet with a cold , analytical way of describing events that suggests the personality of the computer HAL in Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Oslo , Barak believes , was a political adventure embarked on by Rabin , who distrusted Arafat but saw a strategic need to reach a political settlement with the Palestinians .
" What we had in mind all the time was that if you keep moving toward a volcanic eruption of violence , as a result of being unable to stretch reigning over the Palestinians for another generation , we might end up with a tragedy , " Barak says , tugging at the collar of his navy windbreaker .
He recalls a meeting at the beginning of the first intifada , chaired by Rabin , in which the Israeli defense establishment confronted the nature of the rebellion and the range of available solutions .
" We had a closed gathering of probably thirty people — the top brass of the defense ministry — with Rabin , and he brought several academics to talk about what they believed they were seeing , " Barak remembers .
" The first intifada was then two weeks old .
And there was a brilliant presentation made by Professor Shamir , and he talked about the fifty precedents in the last century of such events .
He said that throughout history only three strategies came close to being successful .
None is relevant to our case .
The strategies were extermination , starvation , and mass transportation .
We were targets of extermination and the Armenians also , but it did n't work .
Biafra was starvation , did n't work .
And he analyzed what would happen — it 's a brilliant short presentation . "
As chief of the IDF general staff , and later as a minister in Rabin 's cabinet , Barak talked to the prime minister about the problems with the Oslo Accords very often , he says .
" Many times I would ask Rabin , Why did you give up on this or that ?
and he would say , ' You know , Ehud , we still have wide enough margins .
The moment will inevitably come when we 'll have to pass our judgment . '
Even at the time , we read Arafat 's speeches to other audiences , in Johannesburg and other places , where he would say , ' Remember the false Hudna , ' " Barak says , referring to a deceptive treaty entered into by the prophet Muhammad .
By the time he became prime minister , Barak says , he found that a violent explosion was imminent and the strategic situation was not in Israel 's favor .
" I felt in all my mature life that Israel from 1947 on could never materialize any operational or military achievement unless we had two preconditions fulfilled , " he explains .
" One , that we occupied the moral high ground in the world , the other that we kept our internal unity .
It was the case in 1947 exactly because Ben-Gurion was ready to take an almost impossible international plan and agree to it , and the Palestinians rejected it .
Only the fact that Ben-Gurion accepted it made it possible for Israel to hold to the results of the war for fifty - seven years . "
" Eight years later we drove into Sinai , " he continues , " and it took three weeks for Ben -Gurion to be thrown out after he made his messianic announcement to the Knesset about the founding of the Third Kingdom of Israel .
In 1967 we opened fire but the perception in the world was that they tried to strangle us , and we enjoyed the moral high ground and internal unity .
In Lebanon we violated this basic rule and we were unable to hold what we took .
I felt if we did not act quite urgently to create this moment of truth before Bill Clinton left office , we will have an eruption , and Israel will be blamed . "
I mention to Barak that Yigal Carmon , a former Israeli national - security adviser , and now the head of memri , a leading source of translations of Arab - language media into English , told me of meeting with Barak several times before he went to Camp David to make his historic peace offer to Arafat .
Each time they met , Carmon said , Barak pressed him on whether Arafat would accept the deal .
Each time , Carmon said that based on the speeches Arafat was making in Arabic , the Palestinian leader would insist that the Israelis hand over the Old City of Jerusalem to serve as the Palestinian capital .
Even for secular Israelis the idea of surrendering the historic center of Jerusalem to Arab rule was simply unthinkable .
In order to defuse the strategic threat posed by the Palestinian claim to Jerusalem , the Israelis needed to stage a controlled scenario in which they would appear as peacemakers while Arafat would be bound by his own rhetoric to refuse their generous offer of a state .
There could be no better master of ceremonies for such a demonstration than Bill Clinton , the American president who brought Arafat and Rabin together in 1993 on the White House lawn .
By this account , at least , reports of Barak 's unfriendly behavior at Camp David can be explained by the fact that the Israeli prime minister was hoping that his peace proposal would fail .
Many Israelis dismiss the idea that Barak 's offer to Arafat at Camp David was part of any master plan .
Still , the implication is worth considering : the prime minister of Israel used an American president to knowingly create a huge diplomatic failure that damaged the international prestige of the United States in order to extricate his country from the consequences of Oslo .
" Let me complete one point , " Barak says .
" Imagine two firemen who are both running to save a two - family house from a fire .
The other fireman is already a distinguished one with a Nobel Peace Prize , and all along the way you do n't know if he 's the fireman or the pyromaniac .
And you have to attend to both possibilities . "
He puts his hands one on top of the other , and then lays them both flat on the table .
" So yes , I felt the need strategically to create this moment of truth before the eruption , and before Clinton leaves . "
Arafat's Children
Wearing a black dress and a fashionable white jacket , Arafat 's dark - haired nine - year - old daughter , Zahwa , stood with her mother , Suha , and watched as her father 's coffin was loaded on to a plane .
" Do n't cry , Zahwa , " an Egyptian television announcer intoned as the scene was broadcast on the day of Yasir Arafat 's funeral in Cairo .
" Your father never cried .
He was a man of patience and endurance . "
The press was naturally eager for a glimpse of the little girl who might inherit the Palestinian leader 's fortune .
Yet Zahwa was not Arafat 's only child .
Since the early 1970s Arafat had adopted a number of orphaned children , paying for their schooling and giving them away at their weddings .
Of all Arafat 's far - flung progeny the one to whom he was probably closest was Raeda Taha , who was adopted by Arafat when she was eight years old , after the death of her father , the PFLP and Black September terrorist Ali Taha .
A lively woman in her early forties with a low smoker 's voice , Raeda has sharp features that could be pretty or ugly , a slightly receding chin , and large , beautiful eyes , which are set off to great advantage by her white fur coat and diamond earrings .
In 2002 , while living in Ramallah , during Operation Defensive Shield , she decided to write a book about her father , who hijacked Sabena Flight 517 from Brussels to Tel Aviv on May 8 , 1972 , with three accomplices , and was shot dead by a commando team led by Ehud Barak .
" I do n't care if he died for Palestine or anything else , " Raeda says , when I meet her at a restaurant on a rainy night in Ramallah .
" He looked like a movie star , " she remembers .
" White , perfect teeth , and shining eyes .
He was very young . "
As a child , Raeda knew that the men who came discreetly to her parents ' apartment in West Beirut to sip tea were important guests who belonged to a secret world .
" I remember my mother would open the door and I will peek a little bit and I would look to see who they are , " she says , naming several well - known international terrorists of the 1970s .
" I remember Carlos , " she says , of the terrorist who was known as " The Jackal , " and who now resides in a French jail .
" He would play with us a little bit .
Wadi Hadad used to come a lot . "
Wadi Hadad was the inventor of airplane hijacking as a political weapon ; his brother Isad was the owner of the exclusive girls ' school that Raeda attended in Beirut .
The day Ali Taha left on his final trip , he hugged his daughters good - bye and promised his wife that this would be his last trip abroad .
When her mother heard the news that a plane had been hijacked to Tel Aviv , she called her husband 's controller in the PFLP and confessed her fears .
" And he told her , ' Not in your wildest dreams .
Just go back to sleep . ' "
The next morning Raeda saw her father 's picture on the front page of the newspaper , and took it to the superintendent of her school .
" I knocked at the door and I went in and I put the newspaper behind my back and I told him , ' Mr. Hassan , good morning .
I want to ask you a question .
What 's the meaning of shahid ? '
And he said , ' Why are you asking me ? '
I told him , ' Just tell me the meaning . '
He said , ' The one who dies for his country . ' "
Raeda went home , where she found that her mother had been given tranquilizers .
The apartment was filled with people , who told her that her father was a hero who had died for Palestine .
" I knew the story by heart , " she says .
" He did something very heroic that nobody could do .
To take a plane from one place to another was a big thing to me . "
Raeda also remembered the man who had come to her house in disguise before her father left on his final journey .
" I asked my mother when I was probably ten , or nine .
I told her , ' Mom , I know this man from his mouth .
He had this big mouth , with his lips — you know .
She said , ' You 're right . ' "
On the third day after her father 's death the mystery man showed up at her house again .
" He called my mother and he called all of us , and he said , ' Listen to me carefully what I 'm going to tell you now .
I am your father now , and I 'll be taking care of you , and you need n't worry about anything , ' " Raeda remembers , taking another cigarette from the pack on the table .
" He said , ' These children are mine from now on , and their father is my brother , and whatever you dream during the night , I 'm ready to make it come true . ' "
Being close to the Old Man was pleasant for a child .
He was small in size , and had small , soft hands .
He liked to kiss Raeda and her three sisters , and play with their hair .
" Your father was a very brave man , " the Old Man would say .
" He did something very good for Palestine .
Your mommy loves you very much , and I love you very much , and whenever you want to see me and whenever you need anything , you can come and tell me . "
He asked the girls what they wanted to be when they grew up .
" I told him , ' I want to become an astronaut , ' " Raeda remembers .
" He looked at me ; he said , ' Yeah , maybe . '
I told him , ' Like Valentina Tereshkova . '
He said , ' Yeah .
By the time we go back to Palestine , probably you will be the first Palestinian astronaut . ' "
Every few months or so throughout their childhood , and on birthdays , Raeda and her sisters would accompany their mother to a dingy office where her new father sat behind his desk , surrounded by his bodyguards .
When he saw the girls , he would stand up and gasp with excitement , and come out from behind his desk .
He would grab the four girls , and sit next to them , and kiss them , and ask how they were doing in school .
One year , on the birthday of one of Raeda 's sisters , a piano arrived .
When Raeda went off to college in the United States , Arafat paid her tuition .
When she visited him in Tunis , he would feed her ice cream and boast about her grades .
After she graduated from college , she became his press secretary .
They ate together often .
" He enjoyed a little gossip , just to let you know that he is normal like you .
He would ask me from time to time , ' What about your love life ?
No love ? '
I tell him , ' No love . '
' Why ?
Life is not beautiful without love , my dear . '
I told him , ' You should say that to yourself , ' " Raeda says , laughing .
She taps the ash from her cigarette .
" He would notice if I am wearing something new .
' This is a new bag .
This is a new dress — I have n't seen you wearing it before . '
He likes to get involved in your details , to let you know that he is normal .
And he likes to tell you things about himself .
You know , ' When I was young , I never liked to eat roheyeh or okra .
I never like these two dishes .
My big sister , my oldest sister , used to make me roheyeh and okra all the time , and I became a freedom fighter just to run away from her . ' "
Raeda laughs .
She offers me a cigarette , which I accept in the hope that it might quiet my bronchitis .
" I 'll tell you about the last moments I saw him , " she says finally .
" He was lying down like this , you know , and he had this big smile on him with his training suit , and when he saw me , he said , ' Ah . ' " Raeda sighs .
" He said , ' So you came .
How are you , my love ?
I miss you . '
His hand was white .
I was caressing his hand , and then I kissed it , and then he grabbed my hand with his full strength and he brought it close to his mouth and he kissed it .
He said , ' Do n't worry .
I 'll be fine .
Yesterday I was n't feeling well at all , but today I am feeling much better . ' "
I ask her how many people came to visit Arafat at the end of his life .
" Very few people coming and going , " she remembers , of the day before Arafat left Ramallah .
" I stayed there until twelve o'clock , and then I told him , ' I wish you a safe trip , and I 'll be waiting for you . '
He said , ' Wait for me .
I will come back . '
I said good - bye to him and I left , and he never came back . "
EDITOR'S NOTE
An article in the September 2005 issue of The Atlantic Monthly , " In a Ruined Country : How Yasir Arafat Destroyed Palestine , " by David Samuels , made several references to Mohamed Rachid , a former senior official of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) and the Palestine Investment Fund ( PIF ) .
Subsequent to publication , Mr. Rachid , who declined repeated requests to be interviewed by Mr. Samuels , contacted the magazine to clarify portions of the article .
The references to Mr. Rachid were intended to illustrate certain claims relating to the financial structure and activities of the Palestinian Authority and its late chairman , Yasir Arafat , and not to allege any fraudulent or unlawful conduct on the part of Mr. Rachid .
The article did not state nor intend to imply that Mr. Rachid transferred PA or PIF funds to his individual account or used such funds for his personal benefit .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Boycott Novell is one opinionated site .
If you think I 'm pro-Linux and hard on Microsoft , you have n't been reading Roy Schestowitz , who makes me look as mild as a May day .
Boycott Novell , which was founded in 2006 in reaction to Novell 's partnership with Microsoft , is very popular with about a million hits per month , but it 's also made enemies .
Enemies who seem to have had enough of Boycott Novell recently launched a DDoS ( Distributed Denial of Service ) attack , which has almost knocked the site out .
In an e-mail interview with Schestowitz , he wrote that he 's trying to make the best of a bad situation , " I guess the most reassuring way to look at it is as a sign of success .
If they try to shut us up so miserably by resorting to crime , then it means our writings have great impact . "
As for the DDoS attack , Schestowitz wrote , the site " has been under DDoS attack for 3 days now .
We 're still struggling to just stay online while hosts investigate where the attacks come from . "
In the meantime , he has spoken to the British police about the matter .
I 've looked a bit at what 's happening to Boycott Novell , and it sure looks like a DDoS attack to me .
The attacks are coming from many addresses , and are using both sheer volume and easy Web server attack methods such as sending HEAD requests .
A HEAD HTTP request simply requires that a site replies with a Web page 's meta- information , e.g. page title , server version , etc .
If you flood a site with multiple HEAD requests , you 'll soon put it out of action .
The sad truth is that these days , if you want to blow up someone 's Web site , it 's really not that hard .
There are DDoS kits such as Machbot , Barracuda , and BlackEnergy , which can be used by anyone with access .
These enable users to easily select the site to be blasted , and then the programs reach out to their bot -network of compromised Windows PCs to launch their attacks .
These DDoS programs are best known for their assaults against countries '
Internet infrastructure such as 2008 's DDoS wars on Estonia and Georgia .
But , if you know the right people and you 're willing to pay , anyone can effectively shut down most Web sites .
In Boycott Novell 's case , I strongly suspect that that someone iis a person with a screw loose and a grudge against Schestowitz 's strong anti-Microsoft and proprietary software views .
If that seems a little bit over - the - top , well , as I just pointed out , it does n't really require any technical expertise to knock out a Web site .
All you need is a grudge and the right contacts .
Welcome to 2009 , when anyone can say whatever they want on the Web , and where others can do their best to make sure that their voices are never heard .
This story , " ' Boycott Novell ' Site Suffers DDoS Attack " was originally published by Computerworld .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Dublin - based newspaper has received a call supposedly from the Real IRA which claimed responsibility for the attack at Massereene army base .
Using a recognised codename , it claimed responsibility for the attack in which two soldiers were killed .
Four other people , including two pizza delivery men , were also injured when gunmen struck at the Antrim base .
The prime minister described the attack as " evil " and said " no murderer " would derail the peace process .
The soldiers are the first to be murdered in Northern Ireland since Lance Bombardier Stephen Restorick was killed by an IRA sniper in 1997 .
The dead men , both in their early 20s were due to fly to Afghanistan in the coming days .
Flowers have been laid at the scene and a vigil was held nearby on Sunday .
The Real IRA was born out of a split in the mainstream Provisional IRA in October 1997 , when the IRA 's so - called quartermaster - general resigned over Sinn Fein 's direction in the peace process .
It carried out the worst single atrocity of over 30 years of violence in Northern Ireland when it bombed the County Tyrone town of Omagh , killing 29 people , in August 1998 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland has said he does not believe the attack at Massereene was a response to him deploying special forces soldiers .
Sir Hugh Orde had asked for help to gather intelligence on dissident activity .
Northern Ireland 's top police officer also said he had no plans to deploy additional military personnel .
" The police deliver policing in Northern Ireland , and that is exactly how it is going to stay , " he said .
Gordon Brown told the BBC : " I think the whole country is shocked and outraged at the evil and cowardly attacks on soldiers serving their country .
" We will do everything in our power to make sure that Northern Ireland is safe and secure and I assure you we will bring these murderers to justice .
" No murderer will be able to derail a peace process that has the support of the great majority of Northern Ireland . "
All four injured men are being treated at Antrim Area Hospital , about a mile away from the scene .
Of those who were injured , three are in a serious condition and another is said to be serious but stable .
Pizza Chief superintendent Derek Williamson said at about 2120 GMT on Saturday night a pizza delivery service sent two delivery men to the Antrim barracks .
As they arrived , shots began to be fired from a car .
He said the pizza delivery men were an innocent party and both were among those injured .
After two gunmen with automatic rifles fired an initial volley of shots , which left those under attack lying on the ground , they moved forward and opened fire again .
He said : " There 's no doubt whatsoever in my mind that this was an attempt at mass murder . "
The area surrounding the barracks , which is home to 38 Engineer Regiment , has been sealed off .
The delivery drivers bullet - riddled cars are still at the scene .
Police are examining a car in Randalstown , five miles from the army base , which they suspect may have been used by the gunmen .
NI 's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness , a former IRA member , said nobody should say or do anything which would see Northern Ireland return to its troubles .
" I supported the IRA during the conflict , I myself was a member of the IRA but that war is over , " said the Sinn Fein MP .
" Now the people responsible for that last night 's incident are clearly signalling that they want to resume or restart that war . "
Sinn Fein President Gerry Adams described the shooting as an attack on the " peace process " and said it was " wrong and counter - productive " .
HOW THE ATTACKS HAPPENED 1 .
Soldiers order pizza from delivery shop in Antrim .
Two cars leave shop at about 2120 GMT
2 . Four soldiers collect pizza from main gate at Massereene Barracks .
As they do , two gunmen open fire from a nearby car .
Two soldiers are killed , four people seriously injured including the pizza delivery men
3. Vauxhall Cavalier which police believe the gunmen to have used recovered in Ranaghan Lane , nr Randalstown
How the barracks attack happened " Those responsible have no support , no strategy to achieve a United Ireland , " he said .
" Their intention is to bring British soldiers back onto the streets .
They want to destroy the progress of recent times and to plunge Ireland back into conflict . "
Northern Ireland 's First Minister and Democratic Unionist Party leader Peter Robinson offered his sympathies to the families of the victims , and said he and the Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness would postpone a scheduled trip to the United States .
Mr Robinson said the attack was a " terrible reminder of the events of the past " .
He said information that those responsible had " deliberately turned their weapons on civilians " after murdering the soldiers gave an " idea of the crazed gunmen involved in this " .
" It is the duty of everyone to ensure these people are defeated , " he said .
Northern Ireland Secretary Shaun Woodward condemned the shootings as " an act of criminal barbarism " .
HAVE YOUR SAY N Ireland is a peace loving country , we have moved way beyond conflict .
This heinous act deserves the full condemnation of all Tony , N Ireland Loyalist political representatives made a plea to people within their communities not to retaliate .
Frankie Gallagher , from the Ulster Political Research Group , which has links with the paramilitary UDA , said : " The people who carried out this attack have no mandate for their futile actions .
" Their communities , the Irish nationalist and republican communities in Northern Ireland , must let them know that loud and clear . "
A spokesman for the US Department of State said : " Our condolences go out to the families of the slain soldiers .
" We call on all parties in Northern Ireland to unequivocally reject such senseless acts of violence , whose intention is to destroy the peace that so many in Northern Ireland have worked so hard to achieve . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Earlier this month , Microsoft made the Windows 7 Release Candidate build publically available .
The flood of e-mails began : " Emil , what 's new in the RC ?
What changed ?
What is different ? "
That question can be answered in many ways .
Some of my peers have already reviewed the RC build , and while I commend them on their effort , reviewing beta software is not something I personally like to do .
If you want the short answer to the question , I will tell you this : there are thousands of bugs fixed , the build is much faster all around , and most importantly , the biggest feature changes have been completed .
If you want the long answer , and I mean the really long answer , read on .
First thing is first though , let 's have a look at the compilation times to see how much work we are trying to track .
There is more than four months difference between the two builds : the beta ( build 7000 ) was compiled on December 12 , 2008 , at 2:00 pm and the RC ( build 7100 ) was compiled on April 21 , 2009 , at 5:00 pm .
As you can see in the screenshot above , build 7000 officially expires on July 1 , 2009 , while build 7100 expires on March 1 , 2010 .
After that date , the RC will begin to shut down every two hours .
Of course , the RTM build of Windows 7 will be available long before then .
For now though , if you 're still on the beta , I would recommend moving over to the RC ( via a clean install if possible ) as soon as possible .
This is not an official list of changes ; nor do I believe it is a list of every single change .
It focuses on visible differences , as opposed to bug fixes or under - the - hood improvements .
This post is about tracking every noticeable " tangible " change ; although I do mention some fixes here and there .
The screenshots in this article are all lined up in the same way ( unless otherwise specified ) : build 7000 on the left and build 7100 on the right , or build 7000 above and build 7100 below .
Also , remember that the " Send Feedback " link has been removed in build 7100 , so if there is a window title bar visible and you have forgotten this simple rule , you will still be able to instantly recognize which build is which .
Finally , for Control Panel applets , the Control Panel has a blueish - green Vista - looking left panel in build 7000 , while in build 7100 , the left panel is more of a whiteish - grey .
Here 's a simple example .
As you can see below , Build 7000 takes up more space than build 7100 .
The difference is n't really a huge one , given the size of the operating system , but it is still worth noting : 0.8GB .
This change was measured on the same laptop with two separate partitions , using the 64 - bit flavor .
I 've split up this article into Windows components that have been tweaked ; the areas that are n't mentioned are ones where I did not notice any ( or missed ) changes .
The list below is in alphabetical order , but I do not recommend that you read it in that order .
Just click on what you 're interested in to get to the right page , and then scroll down till you see it .
Index :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The distinctive music to Doctor Who has been named the best television sci - fi theme tune in an online vote .
It finished ahead of Red Dwarf , The X Files and Buffy The Vampire Slayer , according to website Total Sci-Fi .
The music , which has remained with the programme throughout its history in various forms , was composed and arranged back in 1963 .
Total Sci-Fi editor Matt McAllister called it " instantly recognisable to fans just by its opening bars " .
Refusal
He added that it manages to convey the " outlandish quality of the show " .
The music was composed by Australian Ron Grainer and arranged by Delia Derbyshire at the BBC's Radiophonic Workshop .
Delia Derbyshire arranged the iconic theme tune
The distinctive sound was created by combining a tape loop of a struck piano string with the sound of test oscillators and filters among a whole host of techniques .
It has gone through a number of changes since the 1960s , and the current version which has been used since Doctor Who was revived in 2005 was arranged by Murray Gold .
Star
Trek came in at number five in the poll , followed by Thunderbirds , The Twilight Zone , Battlestar Galactica , Quantum Leap and The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy .
Ms Derbyshire , who along with Mr Grainer was initially refused a credit for the music , died in 2001 .
The BBC had wanted to keep the members of their Radiophonic Workshop team anonymous .
Colloidal silver can be best defense against swine flu
by Babu G. Ranganathan
Colloidal silver can be best defense against swine flu
The best defense against swine flu , or any flu , is the age old remedy of colloidal silver .
The metal silve r in its colloidal state can be safely consumed and used in the body .
Bacteria and viruses cannot develop resistance to colloidal silver .
Silver disables a vital enzyme and mechanism in all bacteria and pathogens so that they cannot survive .
It is good to take a few teas poons of colloidal silver daily to maintain health .
More coll oidal silver should be taken if experiencing illness .
Colloidal silver was used by the medical profession well into the 1930's .
However , it was expensive to produce and afford , especially at that time , and pharmaceutical companies invented alternatives ( i.e. anti-biotics ) to colloidal silver which were cheaper to make and sell .
However , now many germs have developed immunity and resistance to anti-biotics .
There is , at present , no sure vaccine for swine flu and the fact that the swine flu strain is a hybrid of strains from various species complicates the matter considerably .
If you do take colloidal silver make sure you also consume yogurt on a regular basis because the colloidal silver will also destroy the good bacteria in the intestines .
There are various companies making colloidal silver and the quality of the colloidal silver may differ from company to company .
I do not have a business interest or connection with any company making colloidal silver , but I am personally using colloidal silver from Utopia Silver .
Their website may be accessed here .
The best article I have read on the subject of colloidal silver may be accessed at this website .
This site is very informative about colloidal silver and how and when to take it .
The author , Babu G. Ranganathan , has his B.A. with concentrations in theology and biology and has been recognized for his writings on religion and science in the 24th edition of Marquis " Who 's Who In The East " .
The author 's Internet articles may be accessed at : Babu G. Ranganathan 's Articles on Religion and Science .
SALT LAKE CITY - A college student was charged with two federal felonies Wednesday for what he contends were acts of civil disobedience -- making false bids to run up auction prices on oil and gas parcels on public land near Utah 's national parks .
At the Dec. 19 lease sale , Tim DeChristopher grabbed a bidder 's paddle , drove up prices and won 22,000 acres of land for $ 1.79 million , an amount he later said he did n't have the means or intention to pay .
DeChristopher " repeatedly said he intended to disrupt the lease - bidding process , " U.S. Atty .
Brett Tolman said in announcing the charges .
" Today 's indictment is our answer to his decision . "
A grand jury charged DeChristopher with one count of interfering with a federal auction and one count of making false representations at an auction , Tolman said .
The penalty could range from no punishment to a combined sentence of up to 10 years in prison and a $ 750,000 fine .
DeChristopher , 27 , a University of Utah economics student , will be issued a summons to appear in U.S. District Court in Salt Lake City .
No arraignment date has been set .
He is n't affiliated with any major environmental group but has said that he infiltrated the auction as a protest .
He made no apologies Wednesday for obstructing the lease of land in Utah 's red-rock country .
" This auction was a fraud against the American people and a threat to our future , " DeChristopher said .
" My motivation to act came against the exploitation of public lands , the lack of a transparent and participatory government and the imminent danger of climate change . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
One of his lawyers , Patrick Shea , said prosecutors hinted weeks ago that the case could be settled with a misdemeanor plea bargain instead of a felony punishable by prison time .
" Nobody was hurt .
No property was destroyed , " Shea said .
The auction was already being challenged by environmental groups , who won a court stay on the sale of some parcels .
Weeks later , new Interior Secretary Ken Salazar rescinded 77 of the leases , saying they were too close to national parks and never should have gone up for sale under the Bush administration .
The defense contends that DeChristopher caused no financial harm to the government or legitimate bidders , but at least one bidder disputes that .
" We are angry , " said Daniel Gunnell , managing partner of Twilight Resources of Orem , Utah , who said he lost parcels when Salazar rescinded them and paid extra for other parcels when DeChristopher ran up bids .
" Tim DeChristopher is a guy who walked in the auction without a penny and cost our company $ 600,000 , " Gunnell said .
The purpose of the New Hope project is to adopt minimal maintenance of useful OCaml libraries which have been abandoned by their original authors .
You may rarely see an email in your inbox that 's not in your native language , but on the off chance that you do , what 's your translation strategy ?
Copy and paste into a translation engine , right ?
The process is only complicated further for those of us who communicate frequently with multi-language teams across the world .
Now Gmail users do n't have to bother with the tediousness of translation , since Google will do all the hard work for us .
Starting today , they 're making their automatic translation technology , Google Translate , available via a new Labs feature called " Message Translation . "
To have the option to translate your emails within Gmail , just go to the Labs tab under Settings and enable the " Message Translation " option .
Now foreign language emails will automatically include an option for you to translate the message into the language of your current settings .
As the Gmail blog post points out , Message Translation is pretty cool and functional , so " If all parties are using Gmail , you can have entire conversations in multiple languages with each participant reading the messages in whatever language is most comfortable for them . "
See Also : HOW TO : Get the Most Out of Gmail Labs
Poe Revisited , Computer Style
Once upon a midnight dreary , fingers cramped and vision bleary ,
System manuals piled high and wasted paper on the floor
Longing for the warmth of bedsheets ,
Still I sat there , doing spreadsheets ;
Having reached the bottom line ,
I took a floppy from the drawer .
Typing with a steady hand , then invoked the SAVE command
But I got a reprimand : it read " Abort , Retry , Ignore . "
Was this some occult illusion ?
Some maniacal intrusion ?
These were choices Solomon himself had never faced before .
Carefully , I weighed my options .
These three seemed to be the top ones .
Clearly I must now adopt one :
Choose " Abort , Retry , Ignore . "
With my fingers pale and trembling ,
Slowly toward the keyboard bending ,
Longing for a happy ending , hoping all would be restored ,
Praying for some guarantee
Finally I pressed a key --
But on the screen what did I see ?
Again : " Abort , Retry , Ignore . "
I tried to catch the chips off - guard --
I pressed again , but twice as hard .
Luck was just not in the cards .
I saw what I had seen before .
Now I typed in desperation
Trying random combinations
Still there came the incantation :
Choose : " Abort , Retry , Ignore . "
There I sat , distraught , exhausted , by my own machine accosted
Getting up I turned away and paced across the office floor .
And then I saw an awful sight :
A bold and blinding flash of light --
A lightning bolt had cut the night and shook me to my very core .
I saw the screen collapse and die
" Oh no -- my data base , " I cried
I thought I heard a voice reply ,
" You 'll see your data Nevermore ! "
To this day I do not know
The place to which lost data goes
I bet it goes to heaven where the angels have it stored
But as for productivity , well
I fear that IT goes straight to hell
And that 's the tale I have to tell
Your choice : " Abort , Retry , Ignore . "
Now that the Right has had its little Tea Tantrum , will we hear from them again ?
Michelle Malkin and all the progenitors of the Tantrums assured us that they were " here to stay , " but it 's hard to figure out exactly what they 're going to do next .
Will the Tea Tantrums just fade like a three - year - old 's when you just let her throw it and ignore her ?
One can't help suspect .
Still , watching yesterday 's daylong Tea Party Propagandafest on Fox News -- through Neil Cavuto and Glenn Beck and finally finishing with Sean Hannity , one thing was perfectly clear : this was right - wing populism in action -- indeed , in the process of taking the reins of the leaderless conservative movement .
There was a lot of talk throughout the day about how " this was n't about Republicans and Democrats , " this was about " the people vs. politicians , " " right and wrong , " " socialism vs. capitalism , " etc. etc .
There was also a lot of talk about those parasites who feed off the producers .
There were the " Atlas Is Shrugging " and " Ayn Rand Was Right " signs at all the rallies .
It 's all populism -- and despite the token Democrats they trotted out from time to time , it was distinctly right - wing populism .
And they are clearly leading the conservative movement now .
Indeed ,
Fox 's broadcast itself was a clear signal of the movement 's embrace of its populist wing .
A giveaway moment came during Hannity 's evening broadcast from Atlanta , when he brought in a live feed from the Rick and Bubba Tea Tantrum in Alabama :
Hannity : And I 'm going to tell you one other thing :
When did we ever get to a point in America where , we 're nearly at the point where fifty percent of Americans do n't pay anything in taxes !
Nothing !
[ Crowd boos ]
Rick :
The numbers out are just astounding that , that , how much that the very top taxpayers actually pay .
I feel like these taxpayers are disenfranchised .
I want them to have a share of the burden just like they have a share of the vote .
That 's right -- it 's the wealthy top percentage of the country that needs a tax break .
After all , they are the one Obama 's targeting , right ?
So at least they 're being upfront about just who " the taxpayers " are whose interests they 're out marching to defend .
That brings to mind David Horsey 's cartoon in this morning 's Online P-I :
This is a phenomenon known as Producerism , which is a hallmark of right - wing populism .
It 's defined as :
a syncretic ideology of populist economic nationalism which holds that the productive forces of society - the ordinary worker , the small businessman , and the entrepreneur , are being held back by parasitical elements at both the top and bottom of the social structure .
...
Producerism sees society 's strength being " drained from both ends " -- from the top by the machinations of globalized financial capital and the large , politically connected corporations which together conspire to restrict free enterprise , avoid taxes and destroy the fortunes of the honest businessman , and from the bottom by members of the underclass and illegal immigrants whose reliance on welfare and government benefits drains the strength of the nation .
Consequently , nativist rhetoric is central to modern Producerism ( Kazin , Berlet & Lyons ) .
Illegal immigrants are viewed as a threat to the prosperity of the middle class , a drain on social services , and as a vanguard of globalization that threatens to destroy national identities and sovereignty .
Some advocates of producerism go further , taking a similar position on legal immigration .
In the United States , Producerists are distrustful of both major political parties .
The Republican Party is rejected for its support of corrupt Big Business and the Democratic Party for its advocacy of the unproductive lazy waiting for their entitlement handouts ( Kazin , Stock , Berlet & Lyons ) .
Chip Berlet has written extensively about the long historical association of producerism with oppressive right - wing movements and regimes .
It is , in essence , predicated on the psychology of celebrity - worship : convincing working - class schlubs that they too can someday become rich and famous too -- because when they do , would they want to be taxed heavily ?
It 's all about dangling that lottery carrot out there for the poor stiffs who were never any good at math to begin with .
And with right - wing populism , it 's the wealthy who stand to benefit , which is why they so willingly underwrite it .
This is why Henry Ford -- the ultimate enabler of fascism -- is such a seminal figure for American right - wing populists .
It 's also why Ayn Rand and Atlas Wanked are so important in their mythology .
It might , in fact , more accurately be called " sucker populism . "
We certainly saw an upsurge in right - wing populism in Republican ranks in the 2008 campaign , reflected both by Sarah " Evita " Palin 's unmistakable right - wing populism , as well as Ron Paul 's insurgency ( there were a lot of Ron Paul supporters at these Tea Tantrums ) .
There 's been Glenn Beck 's soaring popularity -- during which time , you 'll also recall , he eagerly defended the AIG bonuses .
And now the Tantrums .
I doubt that either Palin or Paul have the actual political wherewithal to surge to the fore of the Republican Party as the chief of its populist wing ( neither were particularly visible at the Tantrums ) .
More likely , a corporate Republican who 's good at faking the populism -- like Newt Gingrich or Mike Huckaby -- will claim the mantle .
It will be entertaining to watch , but it almost certainly wo n't be fun .
Suu Kyi , 63 , the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize winner , was taken from her family compound Thursday and brought to Yangon 's Insein Prison to hear charges against herself , her two maids and her doctor for allowing an unauthorized visit from US national John Yettaw .
Yettaw was detained last week for sneaking into her off - limits house and staying there for two days before he was caught .
The American swam across a lake to gain access to the house .
He was also charged with violating the security law and immigration conditions , according to one of her lawyers , Hla Myo Myint .
" The authorities have charged Aung San Suu Kyi and her two maids , " Hla Myo Myint told reporters outside the prison .
A spokesman for opposition National League for Democracy ( NLD ) party , which Suu Kyi leads , said she had been charged under Burma 's Law Safeguarding the State from the Dangers of Subversive Elements , which carries a three - to - five - year jail term if a detainee " violates the restrictions imposed on them . "
The trial was scheduled to begin on Monday , Suu Kyi's attorney Kyi Win said .
There is " no justification " for the new charges brought against Suu Kyi , the European Union 's special envoy to Burma , Piero Fassino said .
He also told Italy 's Channel 5 television , that there is no justification for the decision to charge her with breaching the terms of her house arrest and put her on trial next Monday .
Fassino said the international community should use " every possible means to press for the release of Aung San Suu Kyi " as well as " the 2,000 other political prisoners who are held in Burmese jails . "
Germany " deeply concerned "
In Berlin , the German foreign ministry issued a statement saying it was " very deeply concerned about her situation and health . "
Foreign ministry spokesman , Jens Ploetner , said the Burmese government should drop the charges and end her house arrest .
The Foreign Ministry added that a " permanent reconciliation and stability in Burma " could only be achieved by allowing all political and ethnic groups to enter the political process .
Europe calls for international efforts to pressure Burma
The EU called for the release of all political prisoners
The Italian envoy said that Europe should work with the United States and Asian countries to " make the Burmese junta understand that its oppressive and dictatorial policy is unacceptable for the international community . "
Suu Kyi , known to be in poor health , has been kept in near - isolation for the past six years with only weekly visits by her doctors allowed , as well as occasional visits by United Nations special envoys .
In a separate statement , the EU voiced concern over Suu Kyi's health and urged the junta to allow " immediate and proper health care " for the ailing pro-democracy figure .
" The European Union expresses its strong concern following reports on the health of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , " the Czech EU presidency said in a statement on behalf of the 27 EU member states , also renewing the call for her unconditional release from house arrest .
" The EU calls on the authorities of Burma / Myanmar to guarantee for Ms Suu Kyi immediate and proper medical care , as well as access for her personal attorney , " the statement added .
In Burma , the NLD immediately criticized the decision to send Suu Kyi to trial .
" Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , who was nearly due to finish her house arrest term , has been placed in a bungalow house in Insein Prison ... although she has not admitted to any crime , " the NLD said in a statement .
Suu Kyi's current sentence is due to expire on May 27 .
US citizen blamed for situation
Yettaw swam to Suu Kyi's house and refused to leave
Suu Kyi's main lawyer Kyi Win pinned the blame on John Yettaw - whom authorities in Rangoon have described as a 53 - year - old Vietnam War veteran - saying that Aung San Suu Kyi had asked him to leave her house .
" We have to blame him , " Kyi Win said .
" He is a fool . "
It was apparently the second time that Yettaw had tried to meet Suu Kyi at her home .
Kyi Win said Yettaw was told to leave after attempting to meet her in 2008 .
This time Yettaw refused .
" He said he was so tired and wanted to rest , but she pleaded with him .
Then he slept overnight on the ground floor , " Kyi Win told the Democratic Voice of Burma ( DVB ) .
Yettaw met US embassy officials on Wednesday but they have revealed little about his motives .
" We can not comment .
He did n't tell us any details , " embassy spokesman Richard Mei said .
Burma 's ruling military junta has scheduled a general election next year , and it is deemed unlikely that it would want Suu Kyi to be free during the polls .
Her party won the 1990 polls by a landslide but has been denied power by the military for the past 19 years .
" The regime filed these charges to extend her detention beyond the six years , " said Aung Din , the executive director of the US Campaign for Burma , a pro-democracy group .
" It is an act of blackmailing the international community , especially the United States , demanding a ransom to get back an American citizen and better treatment for Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , " he said .
Disgraced commander calls out Cheney for ' scapegoating ' Abu Ghraib soldiers David Edwards
Published : Thursday April 23 , 2009
Print This Email
This A Senate report revealed that former President George Bush and top- ranking officials in his administration approved harsh interrogation techniques that were later used in prisons at Guantanamo Bay and Abu Ghraib .
Former Brig .
Gen. Janis Karpinski claims soldiers convicted in the Abu Ghraib torture scandal were victims of scapegoating and had been merely obeying orders .
" In my judgment , the report represents a condemnation of both the Bush administration 's interrogation policies and of senior administration officials who attempted to shift the blame for abuse - such as that seen at Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo Bay and Afghanistan - to low - ranking soldiers , " said Senator Carl Levin , the committee chairman .
MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann stated on Wednesday 's edition of Countdown , " When the torture of prisoners in Abu Ghraib prison came to light , Rumsfeld blamed it on a few bad apples .
He was right .
What we know is that the few bad apples were Rumsfeld himself and Mr. Bush , Cheney and more .
They were the bad apples .
And as happens with bad apples , they corrupted others around them . "
Karpinski called out former Vice President Dick Cheney on his defense of torture interrogation techniques when he refused to defend those involved in torture at Abu Ghraib .
" Mr. former Vice President , if you 're saying that this was necessary today and that it produced good intelligence , where were you five years ago , stepping up to the plate and saying , hold on , we can't discuss this because this is classified information , but these soldiers did not design these techniques , " said Karpinski with a raised voice .
Left unsaid , however , was that a few of the Abu Ghraib soldiers such as Charles A. Graner , Jr. were prosecuted and imprisoned for crimes that went beyond the publicly known authorizations .
For instance , Graner allegedly punched a detainee until he lost consciousness .
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Apr. 22 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Dr. Ed Boyden displays the small prototype Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation machine built by his students at the Neuroengineering and Neuromedia Lab at MIT .
The copper coils generate magnetic fields that creates a current in adjacent brain tissue . *
Photo : Quinn Norton *
This is the second of two parts on the convergence of engineering and neuroscience .
Part One , " Rewiring the Brain , " examined attempts to control the brain using surgically implanted optical switches .
Sci -Fi author Philip K. Dick may have best anticipated neuroengineering in his most famous work , Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? , the basis of the movie Blade Runner .
The main character and his wife get up in the morning and select their moods on what Dick called a Penfield mood organ .
We 're a long way from building a Penfield mood organ , but we already have ways of prodding our brains .
Sometimes we achieve miracle cures , sometimes just trim the edge off the pain , but even the little tweaks can mean the difference between the livable and unlivable life .
Next to the microscopes and viruses at Dr. Ed Boyden 's MIT lab is an electronics bench littered with half - finished breadboards , bits of wire and solder .
From a drawer , Boyden lifts a twisted mess of connectors and wires hooked to a copper coil the size of a golf ball .
This is a transcranial magnetic stimulation , or TMS , machine .
When held to the head it 's capable of electrically affecting areas of the brain within a few centimeters of the surface .
Luigi Galvani , a physician and natural philosopher of the 18th century , was the first to figure out that nerves were electrical in nature .
His assistant tapped a dissected frog 's leg with a scalpel he 'd picked up from a statically charged table .
The static electricity arced to the nerve of the dead frog 's leg , making it twitch like living material .
From then on it was understood that the brain and its attendant peripheral nerves ran on electricity .
Inspired by the twitching dead nervous system , Mary Shelley had Frankenstein 's monster raised from the dead by a lightning bolt .
But her approach , while a nice literary touch , was overkill :
All you need is a very weak current to activate brain cells in a given region .
In fact , TMS gets electricity into the brain peacefully , without either cutting it open or shocking it with millions of volts .
The target area of the brain is treated like the coil in a generator , subjected to rapidly changing magnetic fields until electricity begins to dance across its neurons .
Unlike the optical switch developed by Boyden and Stanford 's Dr. Karl Deisseroth , TMS does n't reach the deeper regions of the brain , but there are a lot of important and interesting areas in the cortex where TMS delivers its current .
It 's also far less precise than the optical switch , although TMS seems positively surgical when compared to the imprecisions of the pharmaceuticals we pump into our bodies .
" The magnetic field has an effective area of stimulation that is — at the smallest — the size of a thumb , " says Dr. Bret Schneider , a neurological researcher at Stanford Medical School .
TMS produces an impressionistic sweep of neural activation in the brain that researchers have used to do everything from inducing savant - like skills to causing people to take greater risks .
Clinicians use it to treat migraines and depression , among other things .
Schneider has agreed to give me TMS .
Specifically , he will use it on a part of my brain that controls movement : the motor cortex .
He ushers me into an overly large black leather chair .
Except for the large , two - lobed paddle hanging from the back , which is connected to an impressive power supply , the chair resembles something a therapist might use .
" There are a number of nerves that pass through the scalp , and consequently , most patients do feel the magnetic pulses , " he says by way of warning .
A few inches over my ear is the part of my brain that controls my hand and arm .
Schneider holds the coil there and activates it .
The muscles in my scalp contract automatically , and it stings .
My hand is jumping with each loud snap from the TMS machine .
" What you 're feeling is nerves actually depolarizing , " he says .
" [ It 's ] sending a current through them , they 're releasing their neurotransmitters with each pulse . "
TMS feels like a determined and annoying older sibling repeatedly flicking you in the head .
It 's easy to imagine the subtleties of subjective experience being lost in the snapping , cracking , and the arm - twitching , that , while involuntary , is easy to misinterpret as sheer exasperation .
Ow , quit it !
Ow , quit it !
At first I imagine that my arm jerking is just me responding to the annoyance of being thumped on the head .
I am , in short , confabulating wildly .
Then I lift my arm on my own power , and watch as it continues jump in midair .
I am definitely not doing that .
Schneider hands me the coil and shows me how to hold it over my left motor cortex , which controls the right side of my body .
I use it on myself , holding the unit over my left brain , making my own right hand jump involuntarily .
" TMS seems to be relatively benign , and a fairly short list of adverse effects have been identified , " says Schneider .
Transcranial magnetic stimulation is quite safe for use as a neurological therapy or research tool .
Its effects are temporary , and while TMS can induce a seizure , that usually wo n't occur without a deliberate effort or gross negligence on the part of the operator .
Focused on a bipolar patient , TMS can also induce massive mania and psychosis .
The effect there is also also temporary , although the damage to the person 's credit rating , car or goodwill of his neighbor may not be .
In short , TMS , which has been around for barely 20 years , shows enormous potential for certain types of neural conditions .
Boyden 's lab has several plans for this technology .
Smaller , cheaper and more hackable versions of TMS machines are being built .
They 've put together an open source TMS project that might allow anyone to start an at - home DIY brain hacking lab .
Boyden tells me that his own TMS machine is a working prototype for an affordable , wearable unit that could go into much wider use in regular therapy offices , or even at home .
" One nice thing about medications is that they are compact — you can use them when you 're at home , when you 're traveling , " he says .
" It would be nice to achieve that in other fields of neurotechnology . "
Back in his office , he goes beyond the medical applications .
" As technologies are proven safe and effective , they will become more widespread , helping more people — not always those with the most severe needs .
It 's the same story that any health - related technology has ever taken . "
Boyden theorizes that TMS could someday be a " prosthetic for creativity , " based on its ability to increase concentration and risk - taking .
That is , if people can get past how strange the whole thing seems .
" We know so little about the brain that it 's easy to find projects that [ are ] both ... philosophically important problems , and also can assist [ with ] new treatments of neurological and psychiatric disorders , " he says .
It 's a shotgun approach to trying to work out what can be done with the most complicated system we 've yet found in the universe — ourselves — using the output of that system , technology .
" The field as a whole is wrestling with what to make of such technology , " says Boyden .
Neuroengineering raises a number of ethical issues , not the least of which centers on the question of when and how to treat certain conditions using the new technology .
As an example , Dr. Debra Matthews , a bioethicist at The Berman Institute of Bioethics , points out that many in the deaf community feel that treatment of deafness is an assault on their culture .
For them it's a question of identity , not necessarily a handicap .
" Who is defining better ? " says Matthews .
" Who decides what is a disability ?
Who decides what is normal ? "
But she also says that these questions are not a sufficient reason to prevent neuroengineers from pressing ahead , no matter what kind of strange wonders they might produce .
" A course of research should n't be stopped by the mere presence of moral disagreement , " she says .
" [ But ] it 's absolutely a reason to think about it and have a public conversation about it . "
The MIT Media Lab , which houses Boyden 's neuroengineering lab , is a kind of utopia of clutter , a fluorescent lit cave of saliva - worthy geek toys .
Everyone there is sure that innovations to change the world are just around the corner , and that Boyden 's lab , like Deisseroth 's out at Stanford , is on the brink of changing the way we control our brains .
Walking a few blocks away from MIT late that night I find the other side of the universe , still in Cambridge .
There 's a gig going strong at 1 a.m. , deep in the back of a dive bar on Massachusetts Avenue .
On the street outside , old black men stand around , some with instrument cases , some with cigarettes dangling from their lips .
It gets me to thinking .
All of us — them , me , the cops gliding past in their cruisers — are really just brains floating around on the ends of spine sticks .
Involuntarily , I see everyone with a wire fed into their cortexes , some part of themselves commanded by their choice at a given moment .
A little primitive Penfield mood organ above every ear , if you will .
So I wonder :
What bit of themselves would each of us wish to control ?
Where would we direct our own TMS , if we could ?
It 's a terrible responsibility to consciously shoulder .
What is the mind that 's choosing the shape of its own brain ?
" I think if you ask most neuroscientists , they do n't find that particular question puzzling , " says Deisseroth .
" Thoughts , feelings and drives derive from patterns of electrical activity ... [ but ] there are other ways to think about it .
" The mind could be that little spark of consciousness that is floating around , guiding your direction and attention and desires and thoughts .
Something that recruits different parts of the brain ....
What is that little floating entity that uses the brain ?
The part that uses the visual cortex , that uses sensory input , what is that ? "
If that part is n't what puzzles neuroscientists at the moment , it 's important to remember that it's the crucial part for the old men on Mass .
Ave .
A description of reward pathways and their functions will never really explain what it means to need a clearly unneeded cigarette , much less the define a lifetime of desire that turned a second - hand guitar into the organ of an old blues player 's soul .
But without a doubt , changing those pathways can change everything .
When I ask Boyden what this work means for the far - off future , he puts his hands in his pockets and scrunches back in his seat .
" I think society is going to change , " he says .
" People are going to understand more about themselves than they 've ever understood before . "
PART ONE : Rewiring the Brain : Inside the New Science of Neuroengineering Rewiring the Brain : Inside the New Science of Neuroengineering
Antidepressants May Thwart Quest for True Love
Antismoking Pill May Ease Depression ... Or Cause Suicidal Thoughts
The Magnetic Brain Stimulator Will See You Now
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 4/5/2009 ( 4167 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
An American man has been charged with numerous weapons - related offences after a driver ran a southwestern Manitoba border crossing on Friday afternoon .
A white Dodge van with Wisconsin licence plates drove through the Goodlands port of entry and refused to stop for police .
Souris , Virden , Reston and Melita RCMP were dispatched to intercept the vehicle , which was headed north on Highway 21 .
The vehicle maintained normal highway speed and no erratic driving was noted throughout the pursuit , RCMP said .
The chase came to an end just south of the intersection of highways 21 and 2 where a spike belt was deployed .
A search of the vehicle by the RCMP Explosive Disposal Unit uncovered six firearms , more than 1,000 rounds of ammunition and several containers of fuel .
The suspect is facing five charges under the Canada Customs Act , one charge under the Immigration Refugee Protection Act , six firearms related charges , one charge related to a prohibited weapon ( pepper spray ) , one count of possessing stolen property and one count of " Flight from Police . "
The suspect is currently in custody at the Brandon Correctional Institute and is scheduled to appear in Brandon Court this morning .
You do n't have to be crazy to put on a shiny costume and battle evil - but it does n't hurt .
Here 's our list of the ten most awesomely insane superheroes .
Ever .
Advertisement
10 . Creeper .
By day , he 's Jack Ryder , a loudmouthed TV pundit , sort of like Bill O'Reilly with better hair .
And then by night , he dresses like the Joker , only in weird leafy underwear and yellow body makeup .
The Creeper 's superpowers come from freaky implants inserted into his body , which inject him with drugs and give him various powers .
Unfortunately , those drugs also make him totally psychotic - not unlike the Joker - and he starts to think " Jack Ryder " and the Creeper are two different people .
Basically , it 's a miracle that someone did n't mistake the Creeper for the Joker and shoot him years ago .
Advertisement
9 . The Chief from Doom Patrol .
Best known for Grant Morrison and Rachel Pollack 's weird excursions , the Doom Patrol were originally a superhero team made up of freaks and monsters who were too extreme to join the Justice League , the Titans , or even the Outsiders .
But then it was revealed that the Chief , the team 's leader / scientist , actually engineered the accidents that turned them all into monsters , on the theory that it would make them better people who could save the world .
Nice idea , Chief .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
8. Professor X , from the X - Men .
The suave , bald leader of the mutant supergroup suffered from multiple personalities - which are going to be a bit of a theme in this superhero roundup .
At one point , his personalities included the psychopathic Onslaught - as far as I understand it , Xavier attacked Magneto telepathically and as a result , he absorbed all of Magneto 's dark impulses , which combined with his own suppressed emotions , to create a supervillain personality known as Onslaught .
Another messed - up Xavier personality was known as the Entity .
Advertisement
7. Hank Pym .
The creator of the evil Ultron was also several crackers short of a snackbox himself .
A brilliant inventor , he could n't decide what identity to take on : Ant - Man , Giant - Man or Goliath .
The strain of trying to be as cool as Iron Man and Captain America drove him over the edge , and he started to become abusive towards his wife Janet and the supervillain Elfqueen .
And then he decided to create another personality , Yellowjacket , who was the bad-ass that Hank could never be .
Finally , when the Avengers confronted him about his loonitude , he created a giant robot to destroy them .
Oh well .
Poor Hank .
Advertisement
6. Spellbinder .
Erica
Fortune gets the dimension - hopping power of the Spellbinders and uses it to fight the evil Zxaxz , who comes from another reality .
Unfortunately , the more Erica uses her abilities , the more they drive her power - mad and turn her into a maniac .
And then she gets trapped in Zxaxz 's dimension , where she has to learn to pronounce " Zxaxz . "
When she finally gets back to Earth , she 's so nuts she attacks her own family , thinking they 're rival Spellbinders , and kills the man she loves .
Oops .
Advertisement
5. Rorschach .
Okay , where do we begin ?
Well , there 's the obligatory multiple personality - he believes his mask is his true face , and he does n't quite believe in his " other " personality , Kovacs .
He 's sociopathically violent , and goes around in a dirty outfit muttering behind his inkblot mask .
Creator Alan Moore has said Rorschach was his attempt at showing how Batman would actually be in the real world - a " nutcase . "
Advertisement
4. The Incredible Hulk .
Is the Hulk a superhero ?
Well , he 's been in the Avengers and the Defenders , and he 's fought supervillians , such as the U - Foes .
Just wait until the U - Foes are robbing your house , and then we 'll see how you feel about the Hulk 's superheroism .
In any case , he 's undeniably nuts .
Mentally scarred by his abusive dad , he repressed all of his anger , until a Gamma explosion released that negative personality - as the Hulk .
Later , Bruce Banner went into couples therapy with his other personality - no lie ! - and psychiatrist Doc Samson managed to merge them into a single green dude .
For a while , anyway .
Then the repressed rage started coming back .
I 'm not even getting into the gray Hulk or the weak human Hulk , or the Maestro , or the Green Scar .
Honestly , if you still need proof that the Hulk is nuts , just consider the fact that when he was hiding from the Avengers , he disguised himself as a robot clown .
Case closed .
Advertisement
3. Rose And Thorn .
Here 's a hero whose only superpower is schizophrenia .
When she 's Rose , she 's nice and well - adjusted , but then at night she turns into Thorn , who goes around mashing bad guys into putty for fun .
In her most recent miniseries , written by Gail Simone , she actually got " cured " of her split personality , just in time to be attacked by a serial killer .
Advertisement
2. Moon Knight .
Marvel 's answer to Batman ( sort of ) suffers from a really insane split personality .
He does n't just have his superhero identity and his civilian identity - he has a number of civilian identities , all of which he believes are real , separate people .
There 's his " real " personality , Mark Spector , plus his sassy alter ego Jake Lockley .
I picked up a ton of the Doug Moench / Bill Sienkiewicz issues of his comic for 10 cents each , and they were so psychotic and angsty they were hard to read .
Moon Knight spends pages and pages standing around and saying " If only I could become Jake Lockley , I could solve this .
But no !
I 'm not worthy any more ! "
Advertisement
1. Batman .
Okay , maybe Bruce Wayne has n't always been depicted as a loon , but he certainly often has .
Especially in the last couple of decades , when Bats was ground zero for the move to " deconstruct " superheroes .
Alan Moore had Batman sharing a demented laugh with the Joker at the end of The Killing Joke .
Alan Grant and other writers played on the idea that Batman was as disturbed as the baddies he hunted - and Grant even had that Skinnerian psychotherapist , Arkham , lock Bats up in Arkham Asylum with the rest of the crazies .
More recently , Grant Morrison had Batman creating a fantasy " backup personality " for himself in case he ever got drugged and driven over the edge .
A crazy plan for a crazy situation , or just the ultimate proof that Bats dances over the edge ?
Perhaps most tellingly , back in the late 1980s , Steve Engelhart had Batman utter the classic line , " My world goes crazy sometimes , but I do n't . "
Which is like saying , " I 'm a nut , but I 'm in denial about it . "
It 's okay , Bats .
I recently tried Absinthe for the first time .
My friend just came back from Europe and snuck a bottle through customs .
With this rare 100 proof liquor in his possession , he decided to throw a party and only serve Absinthe .
It ’s like we ’re at the Moulin Rouge !
Or hanging out at Marilyn Manson ’s house !
There 's a good reason " real " Absinthe is not allowed in this country .
Not because it has wormwood in it and should be sold with 3 X’s on the side of the bottle .
America does n’t want it because it tastes like shit .
Want to know what it tastes like without trying it yourself ?
Take the black licorice - flavoring of Jagermeister , an alcohol people are tricked into buying because the unique - looking green bottle implies a high - quality taste , add the consistency of dirty bathwater , and multiply it times a billion .
It ’s so horrid , you have to dilute it with water and mix it with melted sugar just to be able to swallow it down without spitting it back out .
What I wanted out of my Absinthe tasting was fucked up hallucinations .
I figured if I slug back one shot , I ’d be seeing pretty pink elephants flying all over my friend ’s studio apartment for a couple hours .
Get into all sorts of awesome , old timey hijinks and wake up the next morning wearing a feather boa and a monocle .
But you have to drink a whole lot more than one shot of Absinthe to go past just drunk to hallucinatory .
After only withstanding a few sips and having to chase each one with Coca - Cola , I gave up .
I bet any liquid under my kitchen sink would also cause me to hallucinate if I drank enough of it , that does n't mean I 'm gonna pour it in a martini glass and say bottom 's up .
The kind of people – my friend included – who sneak Absinthe in their suitcase from overseas put way too much effort to drink this disgusting concoction .
Marilyn Manson has his own brand of Absinthe , if that gives you any idea the type of person who finds drinking rubbing alcohol refreshing .
Next time my friend throws a party , I hope he just goes to the liquor store across the street and picks up some Apple Puckers .
It ’s tasty , and there ’s no chance of being arrested for smuggling it into the country .
[ If you are an asshole , there 's an absinthe bar in the lobby of the Maison Hotel in Beverly Hills , where you can spend $ 30 for mouthwash that gives you a nice buzz . ]
by Chris Bodenner
Senate Democrats today blocked the $ 80 million Obama requested to shut down Guantanamo by 2010 , insisting on a more detailed plan before doing so .
But Joe Klein thinks they simply got spooked :
Guantanamo is a symbol of American brutality that needs to be expunged to the extent possible by closure , as soon as practicable .
We have a system of military prisons that would be perfectly adequate to handle the detainees who are not returned to the home countries .
Apparently , President Obama is going to give a speech on this topic on Thursday -- but the Senators just could n't wait 48 hours while the Republicans and cable newsistas were scaring their constituents .
Yet another profile in courage .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
For us here at the PlayStation .
Blog , the defining moment of GDC was the San Francisco GDC meet - up .
Sure , it was great to see our friends in the media and show off a bunch of great PLAYSTATION 3 and PSN games during GDC , but it ’s incredibly rewarding to get in touch with our community .
And that = you guys .
The first ever San Francisco Blog meet - up took place at the W Hotel last Wednesday evening .
Of course , this one was extra special for us simply because it was on our home turf .
RSVPs maxed out within a few days , and sure enough , most of you showed up for the festivities .
If you saw this message on the monitor at the W , then you probably found us and the mass amounts of caffeine and sugar provided for the night .
My dinner consisted of a coffee and a cookie – delish .
Meet - up guests were greeted with a bad - ass Killzone 2 shirt , compliments of Guerrilla and the Blog .
XL size surely means bedtime T for many .
Inside the PlayStation .
Blog .
Lounge , we had several special activities planned , the first of which got you some hands - on time with PixelJunk Eden Encore and many of the game ’s new gardens .
After about 25 minutes , we switched it up and handed over the controllers for a little Fat Princess time .
Some familiar faces showed up including our friends from hiphopgamershow.com .
You better believe that belt was the celebrity of the night .
A little Street Fighter IV even went down , of course .
The infamous trophy shirt that everyone seemed to want a piece of , sported by Jeff and yours truly .
You begged and begged for one of these puppies , and now here ’s your chance to snag one .
The first 25 people to email us at playstationblog.gdc09@gmail.com with their name , address , and size preference ( only L and XL are left ) will get a shirt ( No guarantees that you ’ll get the size you asked for , as quantities are very limited ) .
Good luck !
We were lucky enough to have Naughty Dog‘s Arne Meyer drop by , equipped with Uncharted 2 posters and more .
Pretty cool , huh ?
After raffling off some shirts and even a PSP , we got down to business with a special Resistance : Retribution PSP tournament ( we told you to bring your PSP ! ) .
After a grueling first few rounds , our winner emerged from the final round , and took home a Metal Gear PS3 bundle .
Not too shabby !
Thanks again to everyone for making this Blog meet - up a great success !
Hopefully , those of you who made it out had a great time .
Si le projet de loi Création et Internet , dont le vote a été reporté au 12 mai , n'avait pas fait se déplacer les députés dans l'Hémicycle , elle a déjà suscité le licenciement par TF1 de son responsable du pôle innovation Web .
Le quotidien Libération daté 7 - 8 mai raconte comment Jérôme Bourreau - Guggenheim , 31 ans , " passionné par le Web " , se retrouve à la porte de la chaîne privée pour avoir émis un avis – privé – défavorable à cette loi .
Son avis , il l'a adressé par courriel , le 19 février , à sa députée du 17e arrondissement de Paris , Françoise de Panafieu .
" Mes parents m'ont toujours appris que quand on n'est pas d'accord , plutôt que de critiquer , il faut agir " , explique - t - il .
Par quel enchaînement un simple courriel envoyé d'une adresse personnelle peut - il conduire à un licenciement ?
Un détour par le ministère de la culture , artisan de la loi dite Hadopi , s'impose .
En effet , le 4 mars , Jérôme Bourreau - Guggenheim " est convoqué par Arnaud Bosom , président de eTF1 qui s'occupe des activités numériques de la Une " .
" Et là , raconte M. Bourreau - Guggenheim , il me lit le mail mot à mot !
Et me dit qu'il ne peut pas laisser passer ça , que je n'ai pas le droit d'avoir cette opinion .
Mais moi , je ne me suis pas écrasé , mon opinion est libre , et surtout je l'avais exprimée à titre privé dans une correspondance privée ! "
Le courriel , lui explique M. Bosom , a été transmis à Jérôme Counillon , directeur juridique de la chaîne , par le ministère de Christine Albanel , " même si aujourd ' hui , officiellement , la Une dit n'en rien savoir " , précise Libération .
Interrogée par le journal , l'attachée parlementaire de Mme de Panafieu précise avoir transmis le courriel jugé " intéressant " au ministère de la culture pour simplement " obtenir un argumentaire " .
ALBANEL SE DIT " AHURIE "
Le 16 avril , M. Bourreau - Guggenheim reçoit sa lettre de licenciement , qui dénonce une " divergence forte avec la stratégie " de TF1 et dans laquelle on apprend que l'adoption de la loi est un " enjeu fort " pour la chaîne .
" La stratégie de TF1 , ironise Jérôme Bourreau - Guggenheim , c'est de gagner de l'argent , pas de soutenir une loi . "
Les prud'hommes vont être saisis " pour licenciement injustifié " , " selon le code du travail , un employé ne peut pas ê tre discriminé en fonction des ses opinions politiques " .
L'avocat de M. Bourreau - Guggenheim s'apprête aussi à saisir la Halde .
Interrogée par Europe 1 , Christine Albanel s'est dit " complètement ahurie par cette affaire " .
" On n'a absolument rien transmis du tout , assure - t - elle .
L'idée que je puisse intervenir de quelque façon dans la politique du personnel d'une entreprise me paraît ridicule ! "
Plus tôt , interrogés par le site Internet du Point , de proches conseillers de la ministre se disaient alarmés par la tournure des événements .
" On n'a jamais réclamé la tête de ce salarié .
La réaction de TF1 est très exagérée !
Cette décision est vraiment regrettable . "
Selon le site de l'hebdomadaire , la ministre organisait mercredi , en toute hâte , un plan média pour calmer l'affaire .
Le Monde
“ The Tuesday Noon Siren ” is a wonderful mini documentary produced by 72hours.org about San Francisco ’s Outdoor Warning System .
Made in conjunction with the SF Department of Emergency Management , the film profiles Cesar Santos the DEM dispatcher who runs the 15 second siren test every Tuesday at noon .
via SFist
Banks have been reaping huge rewards from the refinancing boom .
Everyone ’s happy , financials are rallying .
But there are some potentially nasty consequence from this feeding frenzy .
I think one of the more serious side effects will be the degradation in quality of MBS .
Default rates should rise significantly .
The end result will likely be ( surprise ) yet another indirect bailout for Big Banks .
One that will leave taxpayers holding an ever - growing bag .
Follow my logic , and let me know if I ’m missing something .
Anybody who can afford to refinance right now is a high - quality borrower , the kind banks love .
You need a great credit score to refi these days , and cash to pay the fees .
If you have an ARM , you ’ll also need ~ 20 % cash down to switch into a traditional loan .
Meanwhile , homeowners who are underwater or behind on payments are n’t refinancing .
So these “ bad ” loans will stay in the MBS they were bundled into .
The same ones that taxpayers are destined to buy .
Quality of MBS Will Plunge
When you remove ( via refinancing ) the higher - quality loans from an MBS , what ’s left is n’t pretty .
The loans will have much higher default rates .
So it ’s easy to see why bankers are eager to do two things :
keep rates low , to encourage refinancing to those who can afford it get these horrific assets off their books ASAP
Unloading the MBS
The Fed and Treasury are determined to unload these “ legacy assets ” on the American public .
Whether it ’s through TALF , FDIC , PPIP , or some other silly acronym , taxpayers will end up holding the bag .
Unless Obama changes his economic team very soon , we will continue buying ever - larger quantities of these securities at inflated prices .
Defaults continue to rise , so banks want as little exposure as possible to these assets .
And remember , Alt - A and Option - Adjustable loans do n’t peak until 2011 , as this chart shows :
No matter what we do , the economic results will be disastrous .
But it ’s important to ensure the right people are held responsible for their actions ( more on solutions below ) .
Stealthy bailouts like this paint a somewhat rosier outlook for large banks .
They have unlimited support from Geithner .
Their smaller competitors are rapidly dying off , which will get worse soon .
Many will be absorbed on the cheap .
The majority of losses will be absorbed through a complex web of bailouts .
Some of the conduits are GSEs like Freddie Mac , FDIC insurance fund , pension fund insurance corp , automakers , insurers , and more .
And the healthy ( and recently refinanced ) loans end up at TBTF banks .
The same ones who basically control the Federal Reserve and ( arguably ) the Treasury .
The only way to fix it
Obama needs to fire his whole economic team .
Geithner and Summers need to go ASAP .
Get William Black or Simon Johnson in there stat .
Bernanke need to make a hasty exit as well .
But that will be trickier .
Only Congress has control over the Fed , and that is limited .
If you want to do something , contact your congressmen and get them to support the Federal Reserve Transparency Act .
No matter what course of action we take , things are gonna be ugly .
And our current plan only delays the inevitable , while shifting the burden onto the public , and away from responsible parties .
It ’s time to let some banks fail , take our medicine .
To those who say it ’s too big of a job , or too complex , I say that the alternative is much worse .
Disclosure :
No positions in securities mentioned
Quotes on Firearms Rights
When only cops have guns , it 's called a " police state " .
Love your country , but never trust its government .
-- Robert A. Heinlein .
" The power to tax involves the power to destroy ; ... the power to destroy may defeat and render useless the power to create .... "
-- Chief Justice John Marshall , 1819 .
" Rightful liberty is unobstructed action , according to our will , within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others . "
-- Thomas Jefferson
" No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms .
The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is , as a last resort , to protect themselves against tyranny in government "
-- Thomas Jefferson , 1 Thomas Jefferson Papers , 334
" The very atmosphere of firearms anywhere and everywhere restrains evil interference - they deserve a place of honor with all that 's good "
-- George Washington
" The best we can hope for concerning the people at large is that they be properly armed . "
-- Alexander Hamilton , The Federalist Papers at 184-188
" Among the many misdeeds of the British rule in India , history will look upon the act of depriving a whole nation of arms , as the blackest . "
-- Mahatma Gandhi
" They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . "
-- Benjamin Franklin , Historical Review of Pennsylvania , 1759 .
" Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government 's purposes are beneficient ...
The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal , well meaning but without understanding . "
-- Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis
" Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice .
Tolerance in the face of tyranny is no virtue . "
-- Barry Goldwater
" I hold it , that a little rebellion , now and then , is a good thing , and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical . "
-- Thomas Jefferson , Letter to James Madison , January 30 , 1787
The people of the various provinces are strictly forbidden to have in their possession any swords , short swords , bows , spears , firearms , or other types of arms .
The possession of unnecessary implements makes difficult the collection of taxes and dues and tends to foment uprisings .
-- Toyotomi Hideyoshi , Shogun , August 1588
" This country , with its institutions , belongs to the people who inhabit it .
Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government , they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it or their revolutionary right to dismember it or overthrow it . "
-- Abraham Lincoln , 4 April 1861
" One of the ordinary modes , by which tyrants accomplish their purposes without resistance , is , by disarming the people , and making it an offense to keep arms . "
-- Constitutional scholar Joseph Story , 1840
" The bearing of arms is the essential medium through which the individual asserts both his social power and his participation in politics as a responsible moral being ... "
-- J.G.A. Pocock , describing the beliefs of the founders of the U.S .
Men trained in arms from their infancy , and animated by the love of liberty , will afford neither a cheap or easy conquest .
-- From the Declaration of the Continental Congress , July 1775 .
" As to the species of exercise , I advise the gun .
While this gives [ only ] moderate exercise to the body , it gives boldness , enterprise , and independence to the mind .
Games played with the ball and others of that nature , are too violent for the body and stamp no character on the mind .
Let your gun , therefore , be the constant companion to your walks . "
-- Thomas Jefferson , writing to his teenaged nephew .
No one is bound to obey an unconstitutional law and no courts are bound to enforce it .
-- 16 Am. Jur. Sec. 177 late 2d , Sec 256
" The state calls its own violence `law ' , but that of the individual `crime ' "
-- Max Stirner
" Taking my gun away because I might shoot someone is like cutting my tongue out because I might yell ` Fire ! ' in a crowded theater . "
-- Peter Venetoklis
... Virtually never are murderers the ordinary , law - abiding people against whom gun bans are aimed .
Almost without exception , murderers are extreme aberrants with lifelong histories of crime , substance abuse , psychopathology , mental retardation and / or irrational violence against those around them , as well as other hazardous behavior , e.g. , automobile and gun accidents . "
-- Don B. Kates , writing on statistical patterns in gun crime
" Today , we need a nation of Minutemen , citizens who are not only prepared to take arms , but citizens who regard the preservation of freedom as the basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom . "
-- John F. Kennedy
The right of the citizens to keep and bear arms has justly been considered as the palladium of the liberties of a republic ; since it offers a strong moral check against usurpation and arbitrary power of rulers ; and will generally , even if these are successful in the first instance , enable the people to resist and triumph over them . "
-- Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story of the John Marshall Court
" Government is not reason , it is not eloquence , it is force ; like fire , a troublesome servant and a fearful master .
Never for a moment should it be left to irresponsible action . "
-- George Washington , in a speech of January 7 , 1790
" A militia , when properly formed , are in fact the people themselves ... and include all men capable of bearing arms . "
-- Senator Richard Henry Lee , 1788 , on " militia " in the 2nd Amendment
" ... quemadmodum gladius neminem occidit , occidentis telum est . " [... a sword never kills anybody ; it 's a tool in the killer 's hand . ]
-- ( Lucius Annaeus ) Seneca " the Younger " ( ca. 4 BC - 65 AD ) ,
False is the idea of utility that sacrifices a thousand real advantages for one imaginary or trifling inconvenience ; that would take fire from men because it burns , and water because one may drown in it ; that has no remedy for evils except destruction .
The laws that forbid the carrying of arms are laws of such a nature .
They disarm only those who are neither inclined nor determined to commit crimes .
-- Cesare Beccaria , as quoted by Thomas Jefferson 's Commonplace book
No kingdom can be secured otherwise than by arming the people .
The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave .
-- " Political Disquisitions " , a British republican tract of 1774 - 1775
The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions , that I wish it always to be kept alive .
It will often be exercised when wrong , but better so than not to be exercised at all .
I like a little rebellion now and then .
It is like a storm in the Atmosphere .
-- Thomas Jefferson , letter to Abigail Adams , 1787
& what country can preserve its liberties , if its rulers are not warned from time to time that his people preserve the spirit of resistance ?
Let them take arms .
-- Thomas Jefferson , letter to Col. William S. Smith , 1787
" Guard with jealous attention the public liberty .
Suspect every one who approaches that jewel .
Unfortunately , nothing will preserve it but downright force .
Whenever you give up that force , you are inevitably ruined . "
-- Patrick Henry , speech of June 5 1788
Are we at last brought to such a humiliating and debasing degradation , that we can not be trusted with arms for our own defence ?
Where is the difference between having our arms in our own possession and under our own direction , and having them under the management of Congress ?
If our defence be the * real * object of having those arms , in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety , or equal safety to us , as in our own hands ?
-- Patrick Henry , speech of June 9 1788
" To disarm the people ... was the best and most effectual way to enslave them . "
-- George Mason , speech of June 14 , 1788
" The great object is , that every man be armed . [...]
Every one who is able may have a gun . "
-- Patrick Henry , speech of June 14 1788
Such are a well regulated militia , composed of the freeholders , citizen and husbandman , who take up arms to preserve their property , as individuals , and their rights as freemen .
-- " M.T. Cicero " , in a newspaper letter of 1788 touching the " militia "
referred to in the Second Amendment to the Constitution .
That the said Constitution shall never be construed to authorize Congress to infringe the just liberty of the press or the rights of conscience ; or to prevent the people of the United states who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms ...
-- Samuel Adams , in " Phila . Independent Gazetteer " , August 20 , 1789
The danger ( where there is any ) from armed citizens , is only to the * government * , not to * society * ; and as long as they have nothing to revenge in the government ( which they cannot have while it is in their own hands ) there are many advantages in their being accustomed to the use of arms , and no possible disadvantage .
-- Joel Barlow , " Advice to the Privileged Orders " , 1792-93
[ The disarming of citizens ] has a double effect , it palsies the hand and brutalizes the mind : a habitual disuse of physical forces totally destroys the moral [ force ] ; and men lose at once the power of protecting themselves , and of discerning the cause of their oppression .
-- Joel Barlow , " Advice to the Privileged Orders " , 1792-93
A man who has nothing which he is willing to fight for , nothing which he cares about more than he does about his personal safety , is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free , unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself .
-- John Stuart Mill , writing on the U.S. Civil War in 1862
You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the great struggle for independence .
-- Attributed to Charles Austin Beard ( 1874-1948 )
Every Communist must grasp the truth , ' Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun . '
-- Mao Tse-tung , 1938 , inadvertently endorsing the Second Amendment .
In the absence of any evidence tending to show that possession or use of a ' shotgun having a barrel of less than eighteen inches in length ' at this time has some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia , we cannot say that the Second Amendment guarantees the right to keep and bear such an instrument . [...]
The Militia comprised all males physically capable of acting in concert for the common defense .
-- Majority Supreme Court opinion in " U.S. vs. Miller " ( 1939 )
An armed society is a polite society .
Manners are good when one may have to back up his acts with his life .
-- Robert A. Heinlein , " Beyond This Horizon " , 1942
The most foolish mistake we could possibly make would be to permit the conquered Eastern peoples to have arms .
History teaches that all conquerors who have allowed their subject races to carry arms have prepared their own downfall by doing so .
-- Hitler , April 11 1942
The right to buy weapons is the right to be free .
-- A.E. Van Vogt , " The Weapon Shops Of Isher " , ASF December 1942
Rifles , muskets , long - bows and hand - grenades are inherently democratic weapons .
A complex weapon makes the strong stronger , while a simple weapon -- so long as there is no answer to it -- gives claws to the weak .
-- George Orwell , " You and the Atom Bomb " , 1945
Certainly one of the chief guarantees of freedom under any government , no matter how popular and respected , is the right of the citizens to keep and bear arms . [...] the right of the citizens to bear arms is just one guarantee against arbitrary government and one more safeguard against a tyranny which now appears remote in America , but which historically has proved to be always possible .
-- Hubert H. Humphrey , 1960
No matter how one approaches the figures , one is forced to the rather startling conclusion that the use of firearms in crime was very much less when there were no controls of any sort and when anyone , convicted criminal or lunatic , could buy any type of firearm without restriction .
Half a century of strict controls on pistols has ended , perversely , with a far greater use of this weapon in crime than ever before .
-- Colin Greenwood , in the study " Firearms Control " , 1972
Let us hope our weapons are never needed -- but do not forget what the common people knew when they demanded the Bill of Rights :
An armed citizenry is the first defense , the best defense , and the final defense against tyranny .
If guns are outlawed , only the government will have guns .
Only the police , the secret police , the military , the hired servants of our rulers .
Only the government -- and a few outlaws .
I intend to be among the outlaws . "
-- Edward Abbey , " Abbey 's Road " , 1979
If I were to select a jack - booted group of fascists who are perhaps as large a danger to American society as I could pick today , I would pick BATF [ the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , and Firearms ] .
-- U.S. Representative John Dingell , 1980
.. a government and its agents are under no general duty to provide public services , such as police protection , to any particular individual citizen ...
-- Warren v. District of Columbia , 444 A.2d 1 ( D.C. App.181 )
The conclusion is thus inescapable that the history , concept , and wording of the second amendment to the Constitution of the United States , as well as its interpretation by every major commentator and court in the first half - century after its ratification , indicates that what is protected is an individual right of a private citizen to own and carry firearms in a peaceful manner .
-- Report of the Subcommittee On The Constitution of the Committee On
The Judiciary , United States Senate , 97th Congress , second session
( February , 1982 ) , SuDoc # Y4.J 89/2 : Ar 5/5
In recent years it has been suggested that the Second Amendment protects the " collective " right of states to maintain militias , while it does not protect the right of " the people " to keep and bear arms .
If anyone entertained this notion in the period during which the Constitution and the Bill of Rights were debated and ratified , it remains one of the most closely guarded secrets of the eighteenth century , for no known writing surviving from the period between 1787 and 1791 states such a thesis .
-- Stephen P. Halbrook , " That Every Man Be Armed " , 1984
To make inexpensive guns impossible to get is to say that you 're putting a money test on getting a gun .
It 's racism in its worst form .
-- Roy Innis , president of the Congress of Racial Equality ( CORE ) , 1988
I do n't like the idea that the police department seems bent on kepping a pool of unarmed victims available for the predations of the criminal class .
-- David Mohler , 1989 , on being denied a carry permit in NYC
Americans have the will to resist because you have weapons .
If you do n't have a gun , freedom of speech has no power .
-- Yoshimi Ishikawa , Japanese author , in the LA Times 15 Oct 1992
You know why there 's a Second Amendment ?
In case the government fails to follow the first one .
-- Rush Limbaugh , in a moment of unaccustomed profundity 17 Aug 1993
The whole of the Bill [ of Rights ] is a declaration of the right of the people at large or considered as individuals ...
It establishes some rights of the individual as unalienable and which consequently , no majority has a right to deprive them of .
-- Albert Gallatin , Oct 7 1789
" Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable .
-- John F. Kennedy
Eric S. Raymond < esr@snark.thyrsus.com >
What Would Ronnie Do ?
George W. Bush 's Justice Department said subjecting a person to the near drowning of waterboarding was not a crime and did n't even cause pain , but Ronald Reagan 's Justice Department thought otherwise , prosecuting a Texas sheriff and three deputies for using the practice to get confessions .
Federal prosecutors secured a 10 - year sentence against the sheriff and four years in prison for the deputies .
But that 1983 case - which would seem to be directly on point for a legal analysis on waterboarding two decades later - was never mentioned in the four Bush administration opinions released last week .
The failure to cite the earlier waterboarding case and a half - dozen other precedents that dealt with torture is reportedly one of the critical findings of a Justice Department watchdog report that legal sources say faults former Bush administration lawyers - Jay Bybee , John Yoo and Steven Bradbury - for violating " professional standards . "
[...]
t the trial of the Texas sheriff , Assistant US Attorney Scott Woodward said the prisoners who were subjected to waterboarding were not " model citizens , " but they were still " victims " of torture .
" We make no bones about it .
The victims of these crimes are criminals , " Woodward said , according to a copy of the trial transcript .
One of the " victims " was Vernell Harkless , who was convicted of burglary in 1977 .
Gregg Magee , a deputy sheriff who testified against Sheriff Parker and three of the deputies said he witnessed Harkless being handcuffed to a chair by Parker and then getting " the water treatment . "
" A towel was draped over his head , " Magee said , according to court documents .
" He was pulled back in the chair and water was poured over the towel . "
Harkless said he thought he was " going to be strangled to death , " adding : " I could n't breathe . "
One of the defendants , Deputy Floyd Allen Baker , said during the trial that he thought torture to be an immoral act , but he was unaware that it was illegal .
His attorneys cited the " Nuremberg defense , " that Baker was acting on orders from his superiors when he subjected prisoners to waterboarding .
That line of defense has come up in the current debate about whether CIA interrogators should be prosecuted for their roles in the torture of detainees .
President Obama , CIA Director Leon Panetta and Attorney General Eric Holder have ruled out prosecuting CIA interrogators who acted on Justice Department legal advice .
Some other legal analysts have suggested that the ambiguity of the Bush administration 's decision process - in which CIA interrogators suggested the harsh tactics , national security officials , including Condoleezza Rice , concurred , and Justice Department lawyers gave their approval - would make getting 12 jurors to agree on a conviction difficult .
But the jury in the Baker 's case did n't buy the " did n't know it was illegal " defense , convicting the deputy on three counts of civil rights and constitutional violations related to the waterboarding .
Washington Post
" Jay would be the sort of lawyer who would say , ' Look , I 'll give you the legal advice , but it 's up to someone else to make the policy decision whether you implement it , ' " said Randall Guynn , who roomed with Bybee at Brigham Young University and remains close .
Bybee 's friends said he never sought the job at the Office of Legal Counsel .
The reason he went back to Washington , Guynn said , was to interview with then - White House counsel Alberto R. Gonzales for a slot that would be opening on the 9th Circuit when a judge retired .
The opening was not yet there , however , so Gonzales asked , " Would you be willing to take a position at the OLC first ? "
Guynn said .
Either you are lying to yourself when you say you want or need to make money on the Internet or , you just flat out do n’t have a strong enough desire to do so , either way you have already lost , by giving up on yourself !!
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Remember Cuil , the Silicon Valley startup that was going to challenge Google Inc. as the world 's leading search engine ?
Apparently not many people do .
The stealth company burst into view at the end of July 2008 as a serious challenger to Google .
GOOG , +1.06 %
Taking its name from the Gaelic word for knowledge , Cuil 's ( pronounced cool ) search engine launched with an initial hefty index of 120 billion Web pages from which to browse .
Cuil 's co-founders also have serious street cred .
Chief Executive Tom Costello is an ex-IBMer IBM , +1.13 % and was on the research faculty at Stanford University , where he got his PhD .
His wife , President Anna Patterson , another brainiac with a PhD , was the architect of Google 's large search index , TeraGoogle , still in use today .
She also worked with the Internet Archive , the non-profit digital library of Web sites .
After the first flurry of news reports on the launch of Cuil , site traffic soared to more than 2 million unique visitors in July , according to Compete.com .
One month later , though , traffic dropped by half .
By September , Cuil had 400,000 unique visitors and in March , 140,000 visitors .
So what happened ?
At the time of the launch , the company 's servers were unable to handle the crush .
Its servers crashed and returned a message saying Cuil could not return results because of excessive loads .
This alienated some users at the get - go , who would never return .
That was n't the only problem .
" They just did n't have very good results , " said Danny Sullivan , editor - in- chief of SearchEngineLand.com .
" They have a really huge challenge now , because they came out with all this publicity . "
No popularity contest
Cuil says that it 's different from Google because it does not return searches ranked by popularity .
Instead , its searches analyze the context of each page , the company says , with a unique algorithm .
Cuil also is focused on user privacy , versus Google , which has sometimes been referred to as Big Brother .
Cuil does not retain a user 's search history .
" The thing people say about us in our feedback form is that we are fun , " Patterson said in an e-mail .
" We bring up other topics , we make it easy to learn about a topic you might not know much about .
We bring up images from the pages so that you remember what that hotel looked like , we bring up timelines if you are thinking about researching a topic . "
The company operates on a lean budget , with less than 30 employees , but it does not yet have revenue coming into its coffers .
Cuil is talking to potential partners .
It has about $ 33 million in venture funding , which executives believe can last the company a few years .
But Cuil 's investors must be nervous about the sharp decline in traffic since the much - hyped launch .
To be fair , the initial hype also came from the press .
One investor is Madrone Partners , the venture firm that manages the investments of Wal - Mart heirs .
Greg Penner , a general partner with Madrone who sits on Cuil 's board , is also on the board of Wal - Mart Stores Inc. WMT , +1.96 %
" We all are taking a long - term view , " Patterson went on to say , adding that Cuil 's growth in the last two quarters is " starting off great again . "
" Trends that you can see with Google Trends but not with Compete , " she added .
Web havoc
TechCrunch , a Silicon Valley blog that writes about startups , reported in September that Cuil had unleashed an automated crawling program as part of its Web indexing methods .
That brought some Web sites down by hammering them with traffic .
Cuil said it has resolved the issue .
Patterson noted that Web sites can opt in or out of being crawled by Cuil 's software , and that for every 1,000 sites that allow Cuil to crawl , one opts out .
As Sullivan noted , Cuil 's search results can be off .
Another annoying aspect of Cuil is how sometimes strange but quasi - related images , or just title bars , come up within the search results .
In a blog posting last week , the company said it is tweaking its image algorithm to improve images .
So far , though , in some cases it still seems to be hit or miss .
Cuil 's offices are in a quiet research park in Menlo Park , Calif .
Early on , Cuil had AltaVista co-founder Louis Monier , as its vice president product .
AltaVista was one of the hot search engines developed by Digital Equipment Corp. in the early days of the Internet .
But Monier left Cuil in September , citing philosophical differences with management .
So what will happen to Cuil ?
Based on the company 's traffic patterns and lowered visibility , I would be surprised if venture capitalists will fund future rounds , once the company 's $ 33 million has run out .
Sullivan predicts that the company could end up selling some of its intellectual property to Yahoo Inc. YHOO or Microsoft Corp. MSFT , +2.10 %
Whatever happens , Cuil 's story may end up being a cautionary tale for startup companies that launch either too early , or with too much hype and not enough substance .
Willkommen beim Seagate - Support
Wie können wir helfen ?
Hier finden Sie Produkthandbücher , Artikel , Videos und andere Self - Service - Tools .
Produkt registrieren .
Prüfen Sie den Garantiestatus .
Erstellen Sie einen Rücksendungsvorgang .
Laden Sie Software für Ihr Laufwerk herunter , und aktualisieren Sie sie .
A Homo floresiensis skeleton cast was displayed April 21 , 2009 , at Stony Brook University , next to modern human skull and bones for comparison .
LONG ISLAND , NEW YORK — The Hobbit looks even smaller in real life .
A skeleton cast of tiny and controversial Homo floresiensis , nicknamed the Hobbit , went on public display for the first time Tuesday at Stony Brook University on Long Island .
The specimen , discovered in 2003 in Indonesia , is hotly debated among scientists .
Some claim it represents a new diminutive hominin species , while others argue it is simply a modern human dwarfed by some medical condition .
All agree the original Hobbit was extremely compact compared to us .
" I really had no idea how small it was until now , " said Stony Brook undergraduate student Jennifer Kamb , who came to see the skeleton with some other Anthropology majors .
" Wow , that skull would fit in my hand . "
The cast was unveiled during Stony Brook 's 7th annual Human Evolution Symposium , " Hobbits in the Haystack : Homo Floresiensis and Human Evolution . "
The tiny skeleton lay down flat next to modern human skull , arm and leg bone casts for comparison , all enclosed in a glass case .
The bright display stood on a red cloth - covered table in an atrium in the University 's Staller Center for the Arts .
Throughout the day dozens of visitors crowded over the case , almost universally exclaiming on the skeleton 's undersized stature next to the human bones .
Many people , especially scientists from other institutions , made the trip to see the cast during its one - day showcase .
At the end of the symposium the cast was packed up to be shipped back to Indonesia .
" This is the first time the bones have been displayed .
It 's an honor for Stony Brook , " undergraduate student Anna Szczepanek said .
" It 's smaller than I imaged it to be , " said Stony Brook anthropology graduate student Katie Slivensky .
" It 's neat to see everything laid out .
I remember the extreme shock and surprise when [ the discovery ] was first announced .
It 's great to see it come this far . "
Homo floresiensis lived on the Indonesian island of Flores until about 17,000 years ago — relatively recently on the timescale of human evolution .
It apparently made stone tools , lived in caves , and walked upright .
There is some evidence that it may have hunted and used fire .
Yet its anatomy seems to be primitive .
Many Homo floresiensis features , such as the shoulder , wrist , jaw and teeth , more closely resemble earlier hominin species such as Australopithecus afarensis ( " Lucy " ) than modern humans .
" It 's kind of the single most fascinating fossil species because it 's so new and so surprising .
It 's something that 's not quite been figured out , " said Nick Blegen , a graduate student studying archaeology at the University of Connecticut who traveled to see the skeleton with his advisor and some other students .
" When you hear something is small , it 's hard to picture it , but seeing it you get a sense of what the anatomy was like , " he said .
The Hobbit probably stood around 3 feet 5 inches ( 104 centimeters ) tall , and weighed between 66 and 77 pounds .
The new cast was created by making a 3 - D CT ( computed tomography ) scan of the fossilized skeleton .
The original fossils are still in Indonesia .
Many experts who spoke at the day - long symposium argued that the evidence points toward Hobbits being a species of their own , rather than sick humans .
Florida State University anthropologist Dean Falk described a study in which she compared the size and shape of the Homo floresiensis brain ( based on scans of the skull ) to that of modern humans , chimpanzees , the early hominin species Homo erectus , and humans with a disorder called microcephaly , which has been suggested as an explanation for the Hobbit 's small stature .
She found the Hobbit brain most closely resembles Homo erectus , and is least like the brain with microcephaly .
" In our view we dispensed at that point with the microcelpahy hypothesis , " she said .
" It 's not just that their brains are small ; they 're differently shaped .
It 's its own species . "
There are no known pathologies that can account for all the anatomy features seen in Homo floresiensis , Washington University anthropologist Charles Hildebolt said .
Famous Stony Brook anthropologist Richard Leakey , who convened the symposium , said he was swayed , though not convinced , by the evidence presented Tuesday .
" I conclude this seminar with a far greater degree of persuasion than I came in with , " he said .
" I think the possibility of it being a new species has been greatly strengthened . "
The perplexing fossils have grabbed the attention of many non-anthropologists who love a good scientific debate .
" I 'd been reading about the Hobbits in [ the journals ] Science and Nature and trying to follow the arguments , " said Gail Habicht , a research administrator and former immunologist at Stony Brook who came over to hear the lectures and see the cast .
" This was an opportunity to have it explained to me .
I certainly have seen pictures but I had no idea how little she is . "
Top 10 Missing Links
Behind the Controversy : How Evolution Works
Top 10 Vestigial Organs
I shot this one two days ago before the really heavy rains set in , we are now over 6 inches of rain the last two days , I shot this one in a little creek bed that had just a skiff of water in it …now there is about six feet of water in there .
This sycamore leaf was floating in about 3 inches of water and was partially submerged when I shot this , I got the idea from Mike Moats who is a master of this type of image , I shot it with my white balance on fluorescent to give it the cool blue look it has .
My settings were f/16 at 1/6 of a second and my iso was set at 200 .
Hopefully the next couple days I will be able to get out and shoot some waterfall and creek shots since the creeks are finally filling up again .
BTW
If you want to see more of Mike ’s work you can go here ….
http://tinylanscapes.wordpress.com/
[ / caption ]
As today ’s final spacewalk of the Hubble Servicing Mission begins , it seems very fitting to share a poem written by my friend Stuart Atkinson .
Stuart is a poet , a blogger , a member of Unmanned Spaceflight.com ( which means he is a Photoshopper extraordinaire ! ) and a passionate promoter of space exploration .
Stuart has written many touching poems previously about the Mars rovers , the Phoenix lander , the Kepler mission and many other missions , but this verse about the final human mission to the Hubble Space Telescope is priceless .
See below for “ The Final Pilgrims ” and check out Stu ’s website Cumbrian Skies for more great poetry , images and information .
Thanks ,
Stu , for sharing your poem with Universe Today !
Man flu is not a myth : Female hormones give women stronger immune systems
Men 's ability to turn a sniffle into flu and a headache into a migraine has long been a source of irritation to wives and girlfriends .
But man flu may not be a myth after all thanks to research showing that men really are the weaker sex .
Researchers found that women have a more powerful immune system than men thanks to their hormones .
Weaker sex : Research on mice found females are protected by the hormone oestrogen which boosts the immune system 's first line of attack on bacteria
The study showed that the female sex hormone oestrogen boosts the immune system 's first line of attack against bacteria and other invaders .
The finding raises the possibility of using oestrogen - based drugs to shore up the male body 's defences .
The research focused on an enzyme called caspase - 12 .
It raises susceptibility to infection by blocking the inflammation the body uses to fight bacteria and other unwanted bugs .
Mice unable to make the enzyme were extremely resistant to infection , the researchers from McGill University in Montreal showed .
They then genetically engineered the mice to make the enzyme .
The males became susceptible to infection , as expected , but the females did n't .
Experiments showed that the oestrogen made by the female mice kept immunity high , the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences reports .
Researcher Maya Saleh said : ' These results demonstrate that women have a more powerful inflammatory response than men . '
She added that while the study was carried out on mice , the finding was likely to apply to people , raising the possibility of immunityboosting drugs .
But Dr Saleh cautioned : ' A question remains .
Will men be amenable to the idea of being treated with an exclusively female hormone ? '
Surveys have shown that up to 30 per cent of men take sick days because of colds and flu , compared with just 22 per cent of women .
Dr Saleh said studies had shown that men are more susceptible than women to infection by bacteria , viruses , fungi and worms .
It is thought the phenomenon has its roots deep in evolution , with healthy female bodies being key to reproduction .
The researcher said : ' We think that nature devised this strategy to protect the reproductive role of
the female body , to keep the human race going .
It just dropped the mechanism from the male sex . '
Previous research has revealed why some people can cope with pain , while others turn to the medicine cabinet at the first hint of a headache .
Scientists from Stanford University in California concluded that the difference between them is simply one of mind over matter .
They said pain can be blocked out or reduced by telling yourself it does not exist .
We can train our brains to switch on and off feelings of pain , the researchers believe .
Visualisation techniques , including imagining falling snowflakes easing pain away , can reduce the discomfort of chronic back pain by two - thirds , they added .
THE judge said a jail term should never have been imposed and even the prosecution sought no further punishment than a criminal conviction and a good behaviour bond .
But according to the NSW Opposition , Cheyene Back , 18 , who has no criminal history but was sentenced to jail for drawing graffiti on a cafe wall , should be behind bars .
" We need to put fear into people 's lives , " said the Opposition 's justice spokesman , Greg Smith .
" To just slap people on the wrist and give people a good behaviour bond , or even less than that , the problem really is that there 's not any enforcement of the laws . "
Ms Back pleaded guilty to writing the word " 2shie " on the wall of the Hyde Park Cafe on January 11 .
Downing Centre Local Court magistrate Ian McRae sentenced her to three months ' jail .
Yesterday she won an appeal against the severity of the sentence .
Judge Greg Hosking in the District Court wiped her criminal record and put her on a 12 - month good behaviour bond .
The judge said he did not condone vandalism but the law clearly stated jail terms should be imposed only when no other penalties were appropriate .
Whenever you are writing something , you need to keep the …
Well , this is appalling : Earlier this week , the Bank of England held “ Dress for Success ” day .
On that day , they sent out a memo to female employees detailing just how they should dress for success , important now more than ever in These Economic Times , the worst financial crisis Britain ’s dealt with since the Depression .
WWD obtained a copy of the memo :
The facts are that an informal lunchtime gathering was organised by a women ’s staff group at which an external company presented their ideas about building confidence .
The session was provided free and had nothing to do with the management of the Bank .
A list of ideas about dress was discussed by the consultant .
Most Bank staff will not have seen this and those that have are free to treat it as they wish .
Like many organisations , the Bank simply expects staff to wear smart business attire .
Well , this is appalling : Earlier this week , the Bank of England held “ Dress for Success ” day .
On that day , they sent out a memo to female employees detailing just how they should dress for success , important now more than ever in These Economic Times , the worst financial crisis Britain ’s dealt with since the Depression .
WWD obtained a copy of the memo :
As it turns out , lots of movies turn out to be prophetic , seeing even the most ridiculous plot points turn into real headlines months or years later .
Sci -fi visionaries like Jules Verne and Gene Roddenberry get all sorts of credit for predicting the future via fiction .
But you know who does n't get credit ?
Weekend at Bernie's .
7 Office Space
The Film
While Idiocracy is often cited as the under - appreciated Mike Judge film that is most likely to come true , Office Space already has .
After performing poorly at the box office , Office Space became a massive hit on DVD , inspiring many a wage - slave to rip their apron off and tell their boss to kindly go fuck himself .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The films protagonist , played by Ron Livingstone , takes office rebellion a little further than that and decides to rip off the company he works for .
His scam involves stealing fractions of pennies from financial transactions that would usually automatically be rounded up to the nearest whole dollar .
The idea is that the company would never miss such small amounts but that over a long period of time the pennies would add up .
The Real Life Event
Michael Largent , a 22 - year - old who had presumably never seen the second half of Office Space where the scheme goes to shit , decided that this sounded like a pretty neat idea .
In 2007 , Largent used an automated script to open up 58,000 accounts with online brokerage firms .
Once the account was opened , the firm would send micro deposits of a few cents to verify that it had opened properly .
Soon Largent had gained $ 50,000 as well as the attention of the FBI .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Jennifer Aniston is only vaguely relevant to this story , but is also incredibly attractive .
Largent was bad at choosing source material .
He stole the idea for his criminal conspiracy from a comedy about a failed crime , and opened his accounts under the names of cartoon characters including Hank Hill and Rusty Shackelford .
He was eventually caught when the Patriot Act required the brokerage firms to take a closer look at the identity of their customers , and they presumably noticed one of them was named Spongebob .
Largent later said " that he needed the money to pay off debts " and stated that this was " one way to earn money , " proving that he was unskilled at generating aliases and defining the word " earn " .
Instead of following the plot of a carefree comedy , Largent wound up spending his best years imitating the darker , more prison - rape themed scenes from Shawshank Redemption .
Speaking of which ...
From trying to steal the soul of President Obama ’s mother , to murdering love in California , you perhaps wo n’t be surprised to hear that a Mormon is spearheading the effort to legislatively bash gays in Washington , DC .
Yesterday , the D.C. City Council passed legislation that would allow D.C. to recognize same - sex marriages performed in other states .
Only our former Mayor Marion Barry , who has been married four times , voted no .
D.C. is subject to Congressional interference with our laws .
And , as expected , a top Republican is already talking about blocking the bill :
At least one GOP member said yesterday that he will try to block the bill from becoming law .
“ Some things are worth fighting for , and this is one of them , ” said Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( Utah ) , the ranking Republican on a House Oversight and Government Reform subcommittee that oversees the District .
“ It ’s not something I can let go softly into the night .
. . .
I recognize the Democrats are in the majority , but I represent the majority of Americans on this issue . ”
What a coincidence that a Mormon Congressman from Utah is taking the lead on this .
Rep. Chaffetz should read the latest Washington Post / ABC News Poll , which shows more Americans support same - sex marriage :
Most striking is the sharp shift in public opinion on same - sex marriage .
Forty - nine percent said it should be legal for gay people to marry , and 46 percent said it should be illegal .
About three years ago , a broad majority said such unions should be illegal ( 58 percent illegal to 36 percent legal ) .
Even better , as some of Chaffetz ’s fellow Republican ponder rebranding the GOP , he should check out this finding from the New York Times / CBS poll :
More significant is evidence in polls of a widening divide on the issue by age , suggesting to many Republicans that the potency of the gay - marriage question is on the decline .
It simply does not appear to have the resonance with younger voters that it does with older ones .
Consider this :
In the latest New York Times / CBS News poll , released on Monday , 31 percent of respondents over the age of 40 said they supported gay marriage .
By contrast , 57 percent under age 40 said they supported it , a 26 - point difference .
Among the older respondents , 35 percent said they opposed any legal recognition of same - sex couples , be it marriage or civil unions .
Among the younger crowd , just 19 percent held that view .
We also have to figure out who is funding the National Organization for Marriage ( NOM ) , which has been running radio ads in D.C.
That group seem to have easy access to funds .
Now , who in the past has provided large sums to prevent same - sex marriage ?
That would be the Mormons .
Maybe Rep. Chaffetz can find out .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The marmosets glow an eerie green under UV light Genetically modified primates that glow green and pass the trait on to their offspring could aid the fight against human disease .
Though primates that make a glowing protein have been created before , these are the first to keep the change in their bloodlines .
Future modifications could lead to treatments for a range of diseases .
The " transgenic " marmosets , created by a Japanese team , have been described in the journal Nature .
The work raises a number of ethical questions about deliberately exposing a bloodline of animals to such diseases .
Scientists have managed to modify the genes of many living organisms in recent years , ranging from bacteria to mice .
Mice have been particularly useful experimental models for studying a wide range of human diseases as modified genes are passed on from parents to progeny .
However , mice are not useful for some human diseases because they are not sufficiently similar to produce effects that are meaningful to human disease .
Studies of mice with Alzheimer 's disease , for example , were stymied simply because their brains were too small to scan at sufficient resolution .
Jellyfish gene Now , Erika Sasaki of the Central Institute for Experimental Animals in Japan , and her colleagues , have introduced a gene into marmoset embryos that allows them to build green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) in their tissues .
The protein is so - called because it glows green in a process known as fluorescence .
GFP was originally isolated from the jellyfish Aequorea victoria , which glows green when exposed to blue light .
The protein has become a standard in biology and genetic engineering , and its discovery even warranted a Nobel prize .
Glowing mice have already been created in the lab
' Glowing ' jellyfish grabs Nobel From 91 embryos , a total of five GFP - enabled transgenic marmosets were born , including twins Kei and Kou ( " keikou " is Japanese for " fluorescence " ) .
Crucially , the team was able to show that their method is maintained in the family - or germline .
They used the sperm from a member of the first generation of transgenic marmosets to fertilise an egg from a normal animal .
A significant proportion of the resulting offspring also glowed under ultraviolet light .
Until now , efforts to establish transgenic lines of primates have been unsuccessful .
In 2001 , a team at the Oregon Regional Primate Research Center , US , succeeded in creating a rhesus macaque that expressed GFP .
Last year , a team at Yerkes National Primate Research Center , Atlanta , US , created rhesus macaque monkeys with Huntington 's disease .
Four of those are still awaiting puberty , and the researchers hope that they will produce a second generation of macaques with the disease .
Fitting in
The new method improves on previous work using so - called " retroviruses " .
These virus " vectors " were added to a soup of sugary solution and this was in turn injected into the monkey embryos .
Although the work demonstrates the principle that a gene can be introduced into a primate bloodline , study co-author Hideyuki Okano of the Keio University School of Medicine said it may not be suitable for studying all diseases .
" We can just introduce genes by virus vectors , " he told BBC News , " so the limitation comes from the sizes of genes that can be carried by the retroviruses . "
That limitation is about 10,000 bases , or letters , of the genetic code .
That upper bound will constrain the diseases that can be studied .
Genes implicated in Parkinson 's disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS , a form of motor neurone disease ) may well be suitable .
However , genetic regions implicated in Huntington 's disease might not fit into a retrovirus .
Two of the first transgenic marmosets did their own genetic trick : they are twins
The work has raised a number of ethical questions about the use of primates in disease research .
Marmosets are New World monkeys and therefore more distantly related to humans than , for example , chimpanzees .
But they are particularly useful for the study of disease because they reproduce often and from a young age .
Jarrod Bailey , science consultant to the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection ( BUAV ) , says he is " disappointed " both ethically and scientifically with the results .
" This sort of research on animals as sentient as monkeys and apes does not have public support , " he told BBC News .
Furthermore , he thinks the underlying science is flawed .
Animal researchers , he said , " have failed in research to find treatments for Aids , for hepatitis , for malaria , for strokes .
Many treatments for strokes work in monkeys but do n't work in humans . "
" Monkeys do not predict human response and do not tell us about human disease , " he added .
However , scientists argue that , because primates are more similar to humans than mice , they present a more refined model of human disease .
This would allow scientists to test treatments more effectively , meaning that fewer animals need be experimented on in the long run .
" This experiment is reminiscent of the exciting early days of transgenic research where it was initially difficult to fully know what the potential applications and future research directions might be , " said Mark Hill , a cell biologist at the University of New South Wales in Australia .
" As always in this area of research , there needs to be a close linkage between the scientific work , ethical issues and regulatory guidelines . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Supplements of antioxidants such as vitamins C and E are thought by many to help fight the ageing process , but they may make things worse ( Image : Image Source / Rex )
Free radicals are n’t always the bad guys .
It even seems that popping antioxidants to mop them up might reduce some of the beneficial effects of exercise .
Free radicals have long been thought to contribute to the ageing process , which is one reason why people take antioxidant supplements such as vitamin C or E .
However , other studies have hinted that taking antioxidants may hasten death through an unknown mechanism .
One possibility is that they interfere with the beneficial effects of exercise , as there are hints that free radicals might be used by the body to prevent cellular damage after exercise .
Advertisement
To investigate further , Michael Ristow at the University of Jena in Germany and his colleagues recruited 40 volunteers , and asked half of them to take 1000 milligrams of vitamin C and 400 international units of vitamin E per day – equivalent to amounts in some vitamin supplements .
They were also asked to exercise for 85 minutes a day , five days a week , for four weeks .
Muscle biopsies showed a two - fold increase in a marker of free radicals called TBARS ( thiobarbituric acid- reactive substances ) in those volunteers who did n’t take antioxidants , but no increase in those who did take the supplements – suggesting that they were indeed mopping them up .
Lost benefits
Exercise is well known to have a beneficial effect on insulin resistance – a precursor condition to type 2 diabetes .
However , when Ristow ’s team measured the effects of exercise on insulin sensitivity , they found no increase in those volunteers taking antioxidants , but a significant increase in those who did n’t take the supplements .
“ These data are fully in accord with recent work on the actions of reactive oxygen species in cells , although clearly at odds with the popular concept that dietary antioxidants are inevitably beneficial , ” says Malcolm Jackson at the University of Liverpool , UK , who was not involved in the research .
In fact , in this case , “ antioxidants are preventing the health effects of exercise , ” adds Ristow , although he cautions that not all vitamin supplements contain such high doses of vitamin C and E .
These doses are also far higher than one would get from eating the recommended amount of fruit and vegetables , which do seem to have a positive effect on health – possibly because they contain other protective compounds .
“ Taking antioxidants cannot substitute for eating fruit and vegetables at all ” says Ristow .
Journal reference : Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0903485106 )
When the world 's most powerful leaders descended on London last month to tackle the economic crisis , they left Gordon Brown basking in the glory of brokering a deal to pump billions into the world 's economy .
But it also left British taxpayers with a less desirable legacy – a bill of about £ 500,000 for wining and dining the delegates , their partners and their aides , The Independent can reveal .
The figures , obtained under the Freedom of Information Act , reveal that the cost of a series of dinners for dignitaries on the eve of the summit , crucial to boosting Mr Brown 's global standing , cost more than £ 66,000 .
The high - profile guests consumed 136 bottles of wine worth £ 6,000 , all paid for by the taxpayer .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Events laid on for the VIPs before the 2 April summit included a dinner , complete with a menu by Jamie Oliver , for the leaders and their partners at Nos 10 and 11 Downing Street .
The guests , including Barack and Michelle Obama , were treated to organic Scottish salmon , followed by shoulder of lamb from the Elwy Valley in north Wales .
A string of celebrities , including the athlete Dame Kelly Holmes and the Harry Potter author JK Rowling , were also invited to the banquet .
Foreign and finance ministers were treated to entertainment at Lancaster House and the Tate Modern .
The bill also included buffets for as many as 220 aides , bag carriers and advisers , but the bulk of the budget was used to cater for the 102 guests at the three events across London .
The cost of keeping 800 officials , 200 VIPs and other staff such as security workers and interpreters on the day of the conference at east London 's ExCel Centre came to more than £ 435,000 , although the Foreign Office says it can claw back some of the VAT it paid .
A top wine list was also drawn up , including English brands .
The Foreign Office said it bought the wine for a fraction of its normal price by purchasing years ago , using the bottles only when they had matured .
But the size of the total sum has left many MPs arguing that the public has been left footing the bill for an event designed to bolster the Prime Minister 's reputation abroad .
Norman Baker , the Liberal Democrat MP for Lewes , said : " The picture of world leaders enjoying fine wine and great food , while thousands of people are worried about their jobs and homes is not a good one . "
Grant Shapps , the Conservative front - bencher who has in the past exposed Government spending on hospitality , said the bill showed that Labour still " did n't get it " .
The Foreign Office defended the hospitality costs , saying : " This was the most significant international gathering in the UK since the G8 in 2005 . "
Animals ' can tell right from wrong ' : Scientists suggest it 's not just humans who have morals
Animals have a sense of morality and can tell right from wrong , according to new research .
Species ranging from mice to wolves are governed by similar codes of conduct as humans , say ecologists .
Until recently , humans were thought to be the only species to experience complex emotions
Fairness : Dominant wolves learn from a young age to play down their strength
But Professor Marc Bekoff , from the University of Colorado , Boulder , believes that morals are ‘ hard - wired ’ into the brains of all mammals .
They also provide the ‘ social glue ’ that allow often aggressive and competitive animals to live together in groups , he said .
For instance dominant wolves dominate fairness by ‘ handicapping ’ themselves by engaging in role reversal with lower ranking wolves , showing submission and allowing them to bite , provided it is not too hard .
Chimpanzees also demonstrate a sense of justice by setting upon those in the group who deviate from the code .
Empathy : Spindle cells in dolphins ' brains mean they care about other species
They also treat disabled members differently by rarely subjecting them to displays of aggression , research found .
Dolphins and whales are known to be capable of empathy because they have the same spindle cells in their brains as humans .
Prof Berkoff , who presented his case in new book , Wild Justice , said : ‘ There are cases of dolphins helping humans to escape from sharks , and elephants that have helped antelope escape from enclosures . ’
Experiments with rats have shown that they will not take food if they know their actions will cause pain to another rat .
Justice : Chimpanzees punish those who break their groups ' strict rules
Similarly , mice react more strongly to pain when they have seen another mouse in pain .
‘ The belief that humans have morality and animals do n’t is a long - standing assumption , but there is a growing amount of evidence that is showing us that this simply cannot be the case , ’ Prof Bekoff told the Sunday Telegraph .
‘ Just as in humans , the moral nuances of a particular culture or group will be different from another , but they are certainly there .
‘ Moral codes are species specific , so they can be difficult to compare with each other or with humans . ’
His conclusions will provide ammunition for animal welfare groups pushing to have creatures treated more humanely .
Sympathy : Mice react more strongly to pain when they see others in pain
But some experts are sceptical about the extent to which animals can experience complex emotions and social responsibility .
Professor Frans de Waal , a primate behaviourist at Emory University , Atlanta , Georgia , said : ‘ I do n’t believe animals are moral in the sense we humans are – with well developed and reasoned sense of right and wrong – rather that human morality incorporates a set of psychological tendencies and capacities such as empathy , reciprocity , a desire for co-operation and harmony that are older than our species .
‘ Human morality was not formed from scratch , but grew out of our primate psychology .
Primate psychology has ancient roots , and I agree that other animals show many of the same tendencies and have an intense sociality . ’
It does n't know how to escape the mess it has created
He had enough time to put on is helmet and body armour but had to dispense with his uniform before joining his comrades in manning their bunker .
We Offer a Full Range of Digital Marketing Services !
We are the top SEO company in India and our uniqueness and creativity has compelled our customers to use our services over and over again for digital presence management and creating a unique internet identity .
Quality is a divine principle for us and each and every member of our team ensures we are able to pull that through !
The town of Neighborhoodu no Suburbanichi never knew what hit them .
—
Five more days until Buttersafe Expo 2009 !
Are you ready ?
Are you excited ?!
I hope the answer is yes .
But wait , you say you might not be able to make it to ours ?
Or that you still have n’t decided if you ’ll even go yet ?
Check out the Buttersafe Expo Forums to see if there is an Expo going on in your area , or set one up yourself !
ALSO , if you take pictures at your BSX , you should add them to the Buttersafe Expo Flickr Pool to show people how rather excellent eating pizza with many cool people can be !
Happy Buttersafe Expo
Week everybody !
- Ray
Anarchy.tv is a new web site , supported by Laissez Faire Books and ISIL .
They are making a movie , produced by Renegade Studios , about an anarcho - capitalist society in America , to be released as a number of seven - minute webisodes .
They 're soliciting donations .
You need a password to access the web site : GotLiberty ( case - sensitive ) .
I wish them luck .
Here 's the email that I received announcing the site :
Date : Tue , 5 May 2009 14:55:28 - 0700
Subject : Anarchy in America ?
From : Joyce < joyce@renegade-studios.com >
To : joyce@anarchy.tv
The promise of America ... the Land of the Free ... is being destroyed by our leviathan government 's march toward destruction .
The fiat money , never ending bail - outs , multi-trillion dollar deficits for empire abroad and entitlements at home are propelling the government into bankruptcy .
The freedom we have left is being smothered as the fearful masses call for government to save them .
But times of crisis are times of opportunity .
Will America choose a future Despot holding out false promises of salvation ?
Or will it choose a new vision of freedom ?
While the politicians plot and plan to seize this opportunity to remake America into another Socialist Republic , those of us who believe in liberty need to broadcast our vision of what America could and should be : a truly free society .
As libertarians , we know we have the intellectual foundation .
Although we have the ideas and the best and brightest minds have shown that liberty works , we have utterly failed to convince our fellow man .
They say a picture is worth a thousand words .
Then what would a film series that shows how a truly free society could evolve ... peacefully ... from the ashes of collapsed Government be worth ?
Priceless .
We are producing such a series and we need you to join us now before it 's too late .
Anarchy in America is a pathbreaking series of webisodes ... short episodes designed for Internet sharing .
This is the most controversial internet / television series ever conceived , fleshing out in stirring action a new paradigm of freedom .
Prophetic as well as realistic , Anarchy in America is a speculative fiction series set in 2013 .
The American economy has collapsed .
Martial law is declared by a government dissolving into chaos .
In a small coastal community in California , a band of colorful residents rally together to solve social problems from looting to feeding the elderly .
This is not utopia but flawed characters struggling to make their community work , battling each other and the remnants of government while building voluntary institutions for currency , charity , protection , and more .
But even as freedom takes root , the government returns .
State agents with guns demand taxes and obedience .
And , then , a tank rolls down the center of Main Street ; the federal government has reconstituted .
Delivering the vision .
Each webisode is approximately seven minutes in length and will be released on www.anarchy.tv in two week intervals .
The first four episodes ( approximately 28 minutes ) are structured like the first act of a narrative feature , setting up the story .
Each set of twelve episodes ( approximately 88 minutes each ) is structured like a three - act feature film , with the first twelve serving as a movie - length TV pilot .
This allows us to consolidate each set of webisodes into movie - length DVDs , with extras , to market to a wide audience .
The length and structure also allows them to be broadcast on cable TV .
Sky Conway is the President of Renegade Studios .
He is the creator , writer and producer of the award - winning web film Star Trek : Of Gods and Men .
His ability to create high - quality entertainment on a minuscule budget led to his production of Walter Koenig 's script " InAlienable . "
With decades of commitment to freedom , Sky is more than prepared to create , write and produce the first libertarian web series , Anarchy in America .
Visit www.anarchy.tv to learn more about this cultural phenomenon in which you can participate .
The password is GotLiberty ( case sensitive ) .
Best regards ,
Joyce Brand
Vice President , Renegade Studios
joyce@renegade-studios.com
323-924-1690
British pilots in Afghanistan are firing an increasing number of " enhanced blast " thermobaric weapons , designed to kill everyone in buildings they strike , the Ministry of Defence has revealed .
Since the start of this year more than 20 of the US - designed missiles , which have what is officially described as a " blast fragmentation warhead " , have been fired by pilots of British Apache attack helicopters .
A total of 20 were also fired last year after they were bought by the MoD from the Americans last May .
The missiles are a variant of the AGM - 114N Hellfire missile , described by the Pentagon as " designed to produce higher sustained blast pressure in multi-room structures .
It adds : " The enhanced blast from the … warhead is more effective against non-traditional targets ; multi-room structures expected in military operations in urban terrain operations , caves , and fortified bunkers . "
The missile 's warhead is made with a mixture of chemicals rather than a simple blast mechanism .
" The thermobaric Hellfire missile can take out the first floor of a building without damaging the floors above , and is capable of reaching around corners , " according to Global - Security.org , a US thinktank .
It describes the effects of the missile as " formidable " .
Unlike conventional warheads , it produces a sustained pressure wave .
US forces have deployed the missiles in Iraq as well as Afghanistan .
Its wider use was disclosed by John Hutton , the defence secretary , in answer to a parliamentary answer from Nick Harvey , the Liberal Democrat defence spokesman .
" Given the MoD 's reluctance to admit they were even going to use these weapons , they now seem to be getting rather more trigger - happy , " Harvey said yesterday .
" If these controversial weapons are being fired on a weekly basis in Afghanistan , we need to know that they are being used according to strict rules of engagement .
" Human rights groups have serious concerns about the effect of these weapons in populated areas , and their legality seems to be a grey area .
The last thing we need in this counter - insurgency campaign is the allegation that civilians are dying at the hands of some kind of terror weapon .
Parliament must be reassured these are a weapon of last resort . "
A UK defence official told the Guardian that the Hellfire missiles that British Apaches had been initially equipped with were lighter anti-tank weapons .
They would simply make a " small hole " in a building and the enemy would run away unscathed , the official said .
The new US - designed weapon was " particularly designed to take down structures and kill everyone in the buildings " .
The official said British pilots ' rules of engagement were strict and everything a pilot sees from the cockpit is recorded .
We 're sorry , the page you were looking for can not be found .
To locate what you were looking for , try the following :
Enter a keyword or term in the Search field at the top right ;
Navigate to our home page or a section below ;
Or contact us and we will be happy to assist you .
To err is human - but not if you 're a doctor
VIEWPOINT
Dr George Fernie
Medical and Dental Defence Union of Scotland
Doctors character Melody Bell had to act quickly to rectify an error
We 've all made mistakes in our work .
But if you 're a doctor , the consequences can be deadly .
In this week 's health opinion column Scrubbing Up , medical law expert Dr George Fernie looks at what can go wrong - for a GP 's patient or under the knife - and urges sympathy for the beleaguered health professional .
A recent episode of the BBC daytime drama series Doctors - set in a GP group practice - featured a doctor who failed to spot the tell - tale symptoms of angina in a patient .
Luckily , her professional instincts rang alarm bells and she got to him shortly after he suffered a heart attack , saving his life .
Doctors suffer , too
Read your comments
How realistic is that scenario ?
Doctors are undoubtedly human like the rest of us .
It 's just that clinical mistakes can have dire consequences .
Mention Dr Melody
Bell 's failure to spot a condition to any doctor and you 'll hear them muttering " there but for the grace of God , go I ... " .
NHS figures suggest that 850,000 patients suffer what experts call " adverse events " every year : clinical negligence , missed diagnoses , medical mistakes and more .
The toll in terms of human grief and misery is incalculable .
The cost to the NHS - in effect , a cost to us - is around £ 6 bn .
But doctors suffer too .
As Sir Liam Donaldson noted in a recent Scrubbing Up , victims of medical mistakes want an apology and an assurance that the mishap wo n't recur .
Yet the current blame culture in healthcare risks crushing individual medics for one regretful error .
Failure a ' team effort '
Take the case of Dr A , a surgeon who mistakenly removed a functioning kidney .
At a hearing of the doctors ' regulator , the General Medical Council , he admitted his fault .
The GMC panel hearing his case accepted that shortcomings by his hospital had contributed to the mistake .
It acknowledged that support from the hospital was poor .
It observed that doctors , nurses and managers all communicated badly , leaving our medic - and through him , the patient - vulnerable .
Failure was " a team effort " .
They do n't set out to slip up
But it was the surgeon who took the rap .
He was found to have seriously failed in his clinical responsibilities and suspended for a year .
Consider also the experience of Dr B , a young GP who was called to the home of a 15 - year - old girl complaining of a severe headache , fever and pains in her legs .
The GP examined the girl for any rash or bruising , the tell - tale signs of meningococcal septicaemia - a bacterial infection of the blood , commonly known as blood poisoning and did n't see any .
He did the right thing in examining her , but crucially made no medical note of it .
' Not reckless '
Medical tragedies are awful disasters for patients and those near to them .
This is what makes the practice of medicine unique .
Patients rightly trust doctors .
The point is , doctors tend not to be reckless .
They do n't set out to slip up .
Yet the consequences for a doctor who blunders may be dire , particularly if a patient dies .
Being called to give evidence at an inquest is the least of it .
They may be suspended from duty , face an NHS enquiry or disciplinary proceedings , and be dismissed .
They may be suspended in advance of a GMC hearing , and then " erased " following it - that is , stripped of their licence to practise .
The career that they loved is at an end .
They can face a police investigation and criminal charges , and a civil trial for negligence .
Public vilification is bad enough .
Guilt and self doubt are arguably worse .
You might think that one or two of these consequences might follow a professional mistake .
But at the MDDUS we have heard of many cases where all have followed .
Yes , doctors have to account for themselves when things go wrong .
But perhaps a blame culture is not the best way to encourage them to " fess up " to such mistakes .
And mistakes are so easily made .
Just ask Dr Melody Bell .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GENEVA , Switzerland ( CNN ) --
The World Health Organization on Wednesday raised its pandemic alert to 5 , its second - highest level , warning of widespread human infection from the swine flu outbreak that originated in Mexico .
Patients wait at a hospital Wednesday in Mexico City .
The swine flu outbreak began in Mexico .
more photos »
Dr. Margaret Chan , the U.N. agency 's director - general , said the decision to raise the alert on the 6 - point scale indicated that all countries should " immediately " activate pandemic preparedness plans .
" This change to a higher phase of alert is a signal to governments , to ministries of health and other ministries , to the pharm industry and the business community that certain actions now should be taken with increased urgency and at an accelerated pace , " Chan said .
The announcement came as the number of confirmed cases increased rapidly across the world .
The WHO and national governments have confirmed 148 cases in nine countries .
Most of those cases are in the United States , where the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has confirmed 91 cases .
The figures include seven deaths in Mexico and one in the United States .
More than 2,700 other patients worldwide are believed to be suffering from the virus that government officials call by its technical name , 2009 H1N1 .
The first cases of the virus were detected in Mexico , where health officials suspect swine flu in more than 150 other deaths and roughly 2,500 illnesses .
As of late Wednesday , 99 cases had been confirmed -- up from 26 , Mexico 's health secretary reported .
An eighth fatality was also confirmed .
iReport.com : " Regular life " in Mexico with masks
The additional cases and fatality were not immediately confirmed by WHO
Researchers do not know how the virus is jumping relatively easily from person to person , or why it 's affecting what should be society 's healthiest demographic .
Many of the victims who have died in Mexico have been young and otherwise healthy .
The outbreak has prompted Mexican authorities to order about 35,000 public venues in Mexico City to shut down and restrict restaurants to serving only take - out meals .
All nonessential government offices and private business were ordered to close between May 1 - 5 , with only skeletal staffing allowed when necessary , Mexico 's health secretary announced Wednesday .
Mexican officials said it was too soon to determine what kind of economic impact the decision would have on the country .
Germany and Austria became the latest European countries to report swine flu on Wednesday , while the number of cases increased in the United Kingdom and Spain .
Peru reported its first case late Wednesday .
Yet Chan reiterated the WHO 's recommendation not to close borders or restrict trade in response to the outbreak , saying the world " is better prepared for an influenza pandemic than at any time " in history .
Watch how the U.S. is preparing for the worst »
" We need to maintain a level of calmness so that we will continue to manage this in a rational manner , " she said , adding that pork is safe for consumption as long as it is cooked properly .
President Obama downplayed the possibility of closing the U.S. border with Mexico , where the recent occurrence of the deadly virus began .
" It would be akin to closing the barn door after the horses are out , " Obama said during his Wednesday evening news conference .
Obama said he 'll be looking to health officials for guidance on how to handle travel between the two countries .
The $ 1.5 billion Obama requested from Congress to help fight the outbreaks will help health officials monitor and track the virus and replenish the supply of anti-viral drugs , he said .
Watch President Obama caution Americans on swine flu »
Swine influenza , or flu , is a contagious respiratory disease that affects pigs .
When the flu spreads person to person , instead of from animals to humans , it can continue to mutate , making it harder to treat or fight , because people have no natural immunity .
Symptoms include fever , runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea .
The WHO's " Phases of Pandemic Alert , " which has been in existence for five years , characterizes phase 5 as a human - to - human spread of the virus into at least two countries in one WHO region , signaling that a pandemic is imminent .
The highest level , phase 6 , is defined by community - level outbreaks in at least one other country in a different WHO region , according to the agency .
About a quarter of the U.S. stockpile of anti-viral drugs will be distributed to states by Sunday , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said .
Watch how U.S. officials are reacting to the virus »
U.S. officials also are asking scientists whether additional measures to screen for flu symptoms were needed at U.S. ports of entry , she said .
Already , customs officers have asked 49 people to submit to tests for the H1N1 virus , she said .
Of those tests , 41 have been negatives and the remaining eight have not yet come back .
Researchers in the United States have already taking steps to crack the genetic code of the virus behind the swine flu outbreak in order to produce a vaccine , U.S. officials said Wednesday .
The U.S. government is distributing 25 percent of its stockpile of antiviral medications Tamiflu and Relenza to all states , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Wednesday .
Health officials stress that the medications are effective only if taken in the early stages of the infection .
Learn more about swine flu and how to treat it »
The 91 confirmed cases in the United States includes the country 's first swine flu fatality : a 23 - month - old child visiting from Mexico who died Monday at a Houston , Texas , hospital .
A U.S. Marine in California is the military 's first suspected case of swine flu , and three military family members in San Diego have confirmed cases , the CDC said .
As a precaution , the military is banning travel to Mexico for nonessential personnel .
Mexican officials also said they believe they may have found " patient zero " -- the first case of the global outbreak -- in the small mountain village of La Gloria .
Edgar Hernandez , 5 , survived the earliest documented case of swine flu .
He lives near a pig farm , though experts have not established a connection between that and his illness .
Edgar has managed to bounce back from his symptoms and playfully credits ice cream for helping him feel better .
In the United States , at least 74 elementary , junior high and high schools have closed across the country due to confirmed or probable cases of swine flu , the Department of Education said Wednesday .
Another 30 schools have closed as a precautionary measure , Department of Education spokesman Massie Ritsch said .
Governments around the world are scrambling to prevent further outbreak .
Some countries , such as China and Russia , have banned pork imports from the United States and Mexico , though the WHO said the disease is not transmitted through eating or preparing pig meat .
Several other countries , such as Japan and Indonesia , are using thermographic devices to test the temperature of passengers arriving from Mexico .
Egypt reportedly is considering culling all pigs although there have been no reported cases of swine flu there .
Common seasonal flu kills 250,000 to 500,000 people every year worldwide , far more than the current outbreak of swine flu .
But there is a vaccine for seasonal flu .
CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
All About Mexico • Influenza
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER , Florida ( CNN ) --
So , what 's harder , steering a space shuttle or out - machoing Tom Cruise on the set of " Top Gun " ?
Scott Altman is commander of the current space shuttle mission to upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope .
Scott Altman laughs when he answers the question .
" Flying a space shuttle is a little more challenging than what we did in the movie , although the flying was a lot of fun , " said Altman , who knows more than a little about both .
The retired Navy F - 14 fighter pilot is the commander of the current space shuttle Atlantis mission to repair and upgrade the Hubble Space Telescope .
He also doubled for the actors , including Cruise , during the Southern California shoot of the 1986 hit movie .
Then a young pilot , Altman had just gotten back from a 7 ½ - month tour onboard an aircraft carrier when he got the " Top Gun " call from his commanding officer .
" The skipper of our squadron picked four guys he thought he could trust to have this kind of carte blanche to break the rules a little bit , " Altman said .
That included a scene in which a brazen Navy pilot buzzes the base 's control tower .
That would never happen in real life , Altman said .
The movie features Cruise as a young naval aviator , Pete " Maverick " Mitchell , selected to attend fighter - pilot training school at the then - Miramar Naval Station north of San Diego .
To prepare for the film , Cruise flew in the backseat of an F - 14 several times , including once with Altman .
" The actors were all pretty easy to get along with .
Tom Cruise , for example , was very motivated , " recalled Altman , who is making his fourth trip into space this week .
" He enjoyed flying .
He listened to what we told him and became a pilot himself after that . "
Altman is not one to brag about his flying in " Top Gun . "
The U.S. space agency , NASA , does n't mention his film heroics , either .
But Altman is in one of the movie 's most memorable scenes .
While flying upside down , inverted , Altman gives an obscene gesture to the pilot of an enemy plane .
" They said go ahead and gesture at the other airplane , " said Altman , 49 , with a smile .
" So when you 're looking at the scene where he 's communicating with the Russian , or the bad - guy pilots in the movie , that would be my finger . "
But the flying scenes with the actors did n't all work out as director Tony Scott had hoped .
" The director had to pay $ 7,600 an hour to rent an airplane , " Altman recalled .
" But after a week of spending that much money on the airplanes , he decided he could n't use the footage .
The actors all looked a little green , he said . "
Altman and the other pilots earned $ 23 a day for their trouble .
But his biggest disappointment was not getting to see the film as soon as it was released .
He and the other pilots were invited to a preview screening , but a commanding officer would not let them go .
And by the time the movie hit theaters , Altman was busy .
He was overseas , on another seven - month tour of duty .
All About Space Shuttle Atlantis • Tom Cruise
During last week ’s meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , President Obama made little progress but the demand that Israel stop expanding its settlements set up a serious battle between the administration and the right wing Israeli government .
Still , Netanyahu says he will continue to allow construction in those settlements , despite growing international opposition .
The prime minister said it was “ not fair not to provide a solution to natural growth . ”
But the Netanyahu government can’t really afford a major confrontation with its largest ally , and so it has offered what is being presented as a “ compromise ” solution .
The government will agree to dismantle nearly two dozen illegal outposts so long as the United States promises to stop calling for a halt to settlement growth .
At the same time , the Israeli government has already been dismantling the illegal outposts , so the concession does n’t seem to offer anything meaningful .
If the US agrees , it will essentially be a victory for the Netanyahu government in its first major spat with the Obama Administration : they will be able to stay the course and get a pledge from the US not to criticize the behavior that caused the debate in the first place .
The issue of Palestinian statehood , at the root of the US criticism of the settlement expansions , would remain unanswered .
MONTREAL , April 21 ( UPI ) -- A Canadian man in Montreal is so fed up with being unemployed , he 's posted a $ 5,000 reward to anyone who gives him a job lead that results in work .
Antoine Saidy told CTV
News he 's been unemployed for six months and has sent out some 500 traditional applications , but he 's getting nowhere .
Advertisement
Saidy said the reward was n't for his next employer , but rather the person who recommends or directs him to the job .
His last contract job was as a data and research assistant for the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization , he said .
He has a graduate degree in political science and economics , and speaks English , French and Lebanese Arabic , he said .
Saidy said he's also posted his offer on such social networking Web sites as Facebook and Twitter , with links to his professional profile on LinkedIn .
" I know there are a lot of jobs out there , " he told the broadcaster .
" It 's just that , I do n't know why I do n't get noticed . "
Other groups , including Women in Transition in Louisville , Ky. , are looking for properties to occupy , especially as they become frustrated with the lack of affordable housing and the oversupply of empty homes .
Anita Beaty , executive director of the Metro Atlanta Task Force for the Homeless , said her group had been looking into asking banks to give it abandoned buildings to renovate and occupy legally .
Ms. Honkala , who was a squatter in the 1980s , said the biggest difference now was that the neighbors were often more supportive .
“ People who used to say , ‘ That ’s breaking the law , ’ now that they ’re living on a block with three or four empty houses , they ’re very interested in helping out , bringing over mattresses or food for the families , ” she said .
Ben Burton , executive director of the Miami Coalition for the Homeless , said squatting was still relatively rare in the city .
But Take Back the Land has had to compete with less organized squatters , said Max Rameau , the group ’s director .
“ We had a move - in that we were going to do one day at noon , ” he said .
“ At 10 o’clock in the morning , I went over to the house just to make sure everything was O.K. , and squatters took over our squat .
Then we went to another place nearby , and squatters were in that place also . ”
Mr. Rameau said his group differed from ad hoc squatters by operating openly , screening potential residents for mental illness and drug addiction , and requiring that they earn “ sweat equity ” by cleaning or doing repairs around the house and that they keep up with the utility bills .
“ We change the locks , ” he said .
“ We pull up with a truck and move in through the front door .
The families get a key to the front door . ”
Most of the houses are in poor neighborhoods , where the neighbors are less likely to object .
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 12/3/2009 ( 4219 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
OTTAWA -- Manitoba Immigration Minister Nancy Allan is back from a whirlwind working visit to Iceland and several hundred Icelanders might not be far behind her .
Allan spent several days in the capital of Reykjavik last week putting the final touches on a special immigration initiative to connect unemployed Icelanders with jobs in Manitoba .
The program was conceived after a significant number of inquiries were made via the Icelandic embassy and consulate in Ottawa and Winnipeg , and directly to businesses and officials in Gimli , the unofficial Icelandic capital of Canada .
Over 30,000 people of Icelandic descent now live in Manitoba , the largest population of Icelanders outside of Iceland itself .
Allan said there was so much interest generated by her visit , the Canadian embassy was overwhelmed .
" They already added extra staff to handle the inquiries , " she said .
The embassy is hosting a seminar for interested applicants today which will be broadcast live on the Internet via the website sjonvarp .
khi .
It is at 9 a.m. Winnipeg time , 3 p.m. Iceland time .
Between 200 and 300 people are expected at the seminar .
Allan said there will be a much better understanding of how many people are truly interested after it takes place .
Iceland 's department of labour will help screen the applicants , who , if approved , will be admitted to Canada as temporary foreign workers .
If they choose to stay in Manitoba , they can eventually apply for permanent immigration status through the Manitoba provincial nominee program .
Allan said she was charmed by both the city architecture and the landscape in Iceland but said it 's clear the country is going through a rough patch .
Unemployment has soared , banks are failing and the government itself was forced to declare bankruptcy in October .
Economists predict the Icelandic economy will shrink by 10 per cent this year and unemployment will top 10 per cent .
In the fall , Iceland 's jobless rate was below two per cent .
It 's led to vast social and political instability , including widespread protests that saw thousands of Icelanders descend on the national parliament buildings , resulting in clashes with police and the resignation of the president .
Allan said the parliament buildings -- the oldest in the world -- still bear scars from the protests , with broken windows and boarded - up doorways .
There are vacant storefronts and idle construction cranes all over Reykjavik .
Construction is one of the industries Manitoba is targeting , along with information technology and finance , said Allan .
Manitoba Conservative Leader Hugh McFadyen praised the initiative , saying it will help grow the Manitoba population for the long term .
" This can be nothing but good news , " said McFadyen .
Allan has received some criticism for going after foreign workers when Canadians are being laid off all over the place .
She said there is no specific program to connect unemployed workers from other provinces with Manitoba , but noted they do not need to go through an immigration process .
" We encourage people from outside of Manitoba , if they want to come here , to come , " she said .
mia.rabson@freepress.mb.ca
Enlarge By Eric Gay , AP Allison , a rescued green sea turtle with only one flipper , swims with the aid of a newly designed neoprene ninja suit in South Padre Island , Texas Wednesday .
SOUTH PADRE ISLAND , Texas ( AP ) 
Turtle rescuers have demonstrated the first fin suit designed to allow a green sea turtle that lost three of its flippers to finally swim a straight line .
Workers at Sea Turtle Inc. strapped Allison , a five - year - old rescued turtle , on Wednesday into a neoprene " ninja " suit that holds a carbon - fiber fin in place on her back .
The fin acts as a rudder , allowing her to propel herself forward with her sole fin .
The success follows failed attempts last year to fit her with a prosthetic rear flipper .
Before today , Allison could only swim in tight circles with her one good flipper .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Specter .
Who cares ?
Small potato ( e ) s .
This is much larger than that .
Think if Bob Dole left the Republican party after losing his presidential bid in 1996 .
Or if John Kerry jumped ship and abandoned the Democrats in 2004 .
That 's the magnitude of today 's announcement .
A member of the actual Republican 2008 presidential ticket is giving up .
Quitting .
Leaving .
Skipping town .
Historic
No , not John McCain or Sarah Palin .
You 'll recall that last year marked the first time in history that a third person was added to a presidential ticket .
He joined the team late to the game but quickly served in many capacities .
Perhaps most notably was when he auditioned for Secretary of State weeks before election day .
Sure , his performance led a commentator on the conservative FOX News network to visibly shudder and say aloud that he was " frightened " with his guest 's remarks .
But that 's the type of machisimo and gusto that made Joe the Plumber , well ... uh , Joe the Plumber .
Famous
Plumber , perhaps the most well - known quasi- plumber turned author turned war correspondent turned economic advisor turned political reporter turned public speaker , announced today that he -- like Specter -- was throwing in the towel .
Who got this exclusive ?
Credit TIME magazine .
And there 's worry that traditional journalism is dead ?
Michael Grunwald reports that Plumber ( we know he has another last name but Plumber is easier to spell ) is " so outraged by GOP overspending , he 's quitting the party — and he 's the bull 's - eye of its target audience . "
" But he also said he would n't support any cuts in defense , Social Security , Medicare or Medicaid — which , along with debt payments , would put more than two - thirds of the budget off limits , " Grunwald adds .
You can see why the GOP enlisted him to be an economic advisor a couple months ago .
Famous quotes
Grunwald 's a good reporter .
But not that good .
He did n't get any quotes from Plumber .
And Plumber 's full of 'em .
Like when discussing the importance of the press , he opined , " I think media should be abolished from , uh , you know , reporting . "
Or on the discussion of the freedom of speech , he said he longed for the good old days .
" Back in the day , really , when people would talk about our military in a poor way , somebody would shoot ‘ em .
And there ’d be nothing said about that , " he said .
And we 're not even going to start on what he said a couple days ago ...
Survive
Can the Republican party survive ?
This is a tough one .
Perhaps the biggest challenge yet .
If the old saying is true that it 's always darkest before the dawn , then it must be midnight ( or whenever it 's really dark ) .
Our advice ?
Embrace Gloria Gaynor .
-------
Embrace us too by following us on Twitter !
By growing your own potatoes , you can enjoy all kinds of tasty varieties — in numerous shapes and colors — that you are n't likely to find in any grocery store .
ISTOCKPHOTO / DANIEL DEFABIO
Potatoes are easy to grow , but they prefer cool weather so you should try to get them into the ground at the right time .
You can order seed potatoes through mail - order garden companies or buy them at local garden centers or hardware stores .
( You could use supermarket potatoes , but be aware they have probably been treated with chemicals to inhibit sprouting , so they may not grow well . )
Store your seed potatoes in the refrigerator .
Your next step is to determine the recommended planting time for your climate .
Since it takes potatoes two to three weeks to emerge from the ground , the earliest you should plant seed potatoes is two weeks before your last anticipated freeze date of 28 degrees Fahrenheit or lower .
( If you do n't know your local last freeze date , you can find it here . )
About a week before your planting - out date , bring the seed out of the fridge and place it in a bright warm window for about a week .
This will help break the spuds ' dormancy and assure they will grow quickly when you put them into the still - cool spring soil .
If you garden in areas that have hot summers be sure to plant your potatoes early , and to play it safe , choose varieties that mature in early - or mid-season .
This is because potatoes do not do well when the temperatures climb into the 90s .
They may actually keel over and die when the temperature gets to 95 degrees .
If a late planting or a late season variety runs into that hot weather while the tubers are in the early bulking stage you may get a very low yield .
To save work , or as a way to start a new garden bed , some people like to just toss their potato seed pieces onto bare ground or even a patch of sod , and then cover the pieces with a heavy mulch of straw or leaves .
I 've always wondered if you get as many potatoes with this short - cut method as you would if you buried the seed in a prepared garden bed , so I asked Jim and Megan Gerritsen , who grow and sell certified organic potatoes at Wood Prairie Farm in Bridgewater , Maine , what they think of this technique .
The Gerritsens have been advising gardeners all across the continent since 1976 .
- Advertisement -
Q : Does planting potatoes in a deep mulch on uncultivated ground still give reasonably good yields ?
A : This deep mulch potato planting technique is called the Stout method , named after the old - time popular organic gardener Ruth Stout .
Over the years Ruth had created beautiful soil and that fertile soil was a big factor in her success .
Perform the Stout method on great soil and expect great yields of delicious potatoes .
But try the technique on old worn out and unimproved ground and get ready to learn some patience and gain some humility .
Potatoes are heavy feeders and they will respond dramatically to good fertility and tilth .
Your yield will suffer to the extent that the soil you plant in lacks proper fertility and water .
Jamaican doctors have warned of the dangers of daggering , after being presented with a forest of fractured penises over the last year .
According to reports , daggering appears to be either a bizarre sexual practice or a music and dance craze .
Or possibly both at the same time , if these videos are any thing to go by .
Either way , the practice is threatening to undermine the manhood of the island nation .
The Sun reports that Doctors have seen a trebling of cases of broken penises in the last year , which they are attributing to rough intercourse .
They warn the condition can result in permanent damage .
A doctor at Kingston Public Hospital told the paper that “ During very rigorous intercourse the man can hit the woman ’s pubic bone and sustain a fracture .
There is a loud popping sound , excruciating pain and swelling . ”
Fully dressed , dance style daggering can be equally dangerous , with the Jamaica Star reporting the case of one 34 year old dance - goer who " decided to follow the instructions of the selector and ' dagger ' the nearest female . "
The man 's putative partner did n't care to dance , and bit his bottom lip to make her point .
As he told the paper , she declined to release him once she had a grip : " Mi deh a Chubby Dread memorial , rouna Southside and di selector seh mi mus hold har .
So mi start dagger and she jus spin roun an bite mi .
Mi bawl out fi di people dem hear mi .
Di people dem seh mi mus hold on pan her , but she neva waan let mi go . "
The would - be daggerer says he will only dagger with permission in future .
If that is n't warning enough , the government is clamping down , with the national broadcaster being told to ditch songs with daggering lyrics .
How the state plans to police the other style of daggering remains to be seen . ®
( Note offensive language in third paragraph )
OTTAWA , May 25 ( Reuters ) - Canada ’s public broadcaster was wrong to show a skit that joked about the possible assassination of U.S. President Barack Obama and suggested he could be a thief , an industry panel ruled on Monday .
The New Year ’s Eve “ Bye Bye ” comedy program -- shown by the French - language Radio Canada network -- generated more than 200 complaints .
In one segment , two hosts discussed Obama ’s election in November 2008 .
Obama , who took office in January , is the first black U.S. president .
“ We ’re not racists .
It will be good to have a Negro in the White House .
It will be practical .
Black on white , it will be easier to shoot him , ” one of the show ’s hosts remarked .
The Canadian Broadcasting Standards Council said it found “ nothing redeeming in the allegedly comedic notion that an American president should be shot , still less that this would be easier to achieve because of the color of the president ’s skin .
It was a disturbing , wounding , abusive racial comment ” .
The show also featured an interview with an actor pretending to be Obama .
The host said , “ The blacks , you all look alike , ” and then warned viewers to hide their purses .
The council said the comments and sketches breached regulations , adding they went “ too far in terms of Canadian broadcast standards . ”
The producers of the show denied the skits had been racist , saying they had meant to mock the characters making the offensive remarks .
Complaints about Radio Canada are usually handled by the Canadian Radio - television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) .
In this case the CRTC asked the council -- which deals with commercial channels and has more experience in handling such complaints -- for advice .
The CRTC , which is due to conduct its own probe into the show , does not have the power to fine Radio - Canada but can issue a public reprimand .
A spokeswoman for the commission said such reprimands could cause problems for networks when it came time for them to seek renewal of their broadcasting license .
Radio - Canada is due to apply for a license renewal in 2011 .
Polls regularly show that Canadians like Obama far more than they do their own leaders .
Tens of thousands turned up to cheer him when he made a brief visit to Ottawa in February .
A spokeswoman for the U.S. embassy said she did not know whether the White House had complained about the show .
I guess I 've never been a fan of the phrase " atheist pride . "
Maybe it makes me think of " White pride . "
Or maybe it is because I have trouble understanding the desire to take pride in something over which I had no control ( e.g. , where I was born , my ancestors , etc. ) .
My being an atheist is just one more thing over which I had no control .
If it was n't something I did but more something that happened to me , I have a hard time finding any pride in it .
Instead of talking about atheist pride , I 've preferred to talk of an " atheist movement , " " atheist revival , " or something along those lines .
It makes sense to me that someone would be proud of being a part of something like this , especially if they 've had a contributing role .
And yet , I have to admit that these phrases do not capture the self - affirming , pro-atheist sense of " atheist pride " that often seems absent .
Maybe I 've had it all wrong about atheist pride .
Maybe there is a version of it that would be beneficial to cultivate .
In defining atheism as a lack of theistic belief ( i.e. , not accepting the theistic claim that some sort of god or gods exist ) , it may seem that one would have little in which to take pride even if being an atheist was a voluntary matter .
And yet , I 'd argue that one 's ability to escape from religion should be a source of pride in itself .
Those of you living in the United States certainly know how pervasive a force Christianity can be , and the situation is even worse in many predominately Muslim countries .
To have de-converted or never to have accepted it in the first place is notable .
We face tremendous pressure to go along with the religious majority and are regularly demonized for our refusal to do so .
Perhaps we should take pride in the fact that we have done so .
Even though atheism is the lack of theistic belief , most of us construct worldviews that are much broader .
We talk about valuing reason , science , secular humanism , and the like .
Most of us are able to answer when asked , " What do you believe ? "
Most of us realize that " I am an atheist " provides no information about what we do believe , and most of us are able to go beyond this and articulate what we do believe .
Our worldviews , of which atheism is one small part , give us plenty to be for rather than just against and provide us with ample opportunities for pride in who we are and what we do .
So maybe we do n't need atheist pride after all .
I feel fortunate that I escaped the clutches of religious delusion .
I am living a more authentic life , free to experience the world for what it is and not simply how I want it to be .
I take pride in how I manage to function in accordance with reality even as the majority of my neighbors are plagued with self - deception .
To be sure , I experience compassion for them , but I also worry that their departure from reality can make some of them dangerous .
I seek to improve the present for the collective benefit and do not concern myself with fantasies of an afterlife because to do so would only detract from what I need to do now .
I hope you will join me in feeling good about who you are and what you do - for reason , for truth , and to make the world a better place .
As for whether atheist pride is part of that , I 'm still not sure .
What do you think ?
An early version of this post appeared on Atheist Revolution in 2008 .
It was revised and expanded in 2020 .
Monsanto is now suing the German government ( and , by that , the people ) to force them to grow their GM Corn .
Monsanto files suit against Germany over GM ban :
MON810 maize is genetically engineered to produce Bacillus thuringiensis , which is toxic to the corn borer pest .
Permitted in Europe since 1998 for animal feed , it is marketed as a way to save farmers money on insecticides and other pest controls .
However German agriculture minister Ilse Aigner claimed last week that she had " legitimate reasons " to believe the maize to be a danger to the environment  and believes the Environment Ministry to agree with the view .
Although MON810 has been permitted in Germany since 2005 , she scrapped plans for 3,600 hectares ( 8,892 acres ) to be planted in the eastern states for this summer 's harvest .
Now the biotech giant has hit back , according to a Reuters article , filing a lawsuit against the Germany government in the administrative court in Braunschweig , northern Germany .
The wire quotes a spokesperson for Monsanto as saying the ban is " arbitrary " .
A clause in EU law does allow member states to impose such a ban , but Monsanto claims they can only do so once a plant has already been approved if new scientific evidence has come to light .
If the outcome of the lawsuit is in Monsanto 's favour , the cost to the German government has been estimated at between  6 m and  7 m ....
France also invoked the clause on new scientific evidence that cast doubt over its safety last year ....
Other countries to implement bans are Hungary and Austria .
Last month European ministers voted  for the fourth time  against forcing these countries to lift their bans , despite EFSA 's view .
Spotify , the major labels ' big bet for stopping P2P wickedness , has demonstrated an offline version of the service for the first time .
It 's running on a Google Android mobile phone at Google 's I /O developer event .
And as you can see , it provides fast and slick access to the music , just like the desktop client .
The most interesting aspect is not that it 's mobile - that 's no surprise - it's the " offline mode " that 's new .
Playlists can be cached , which turns your phone into an MP3 player with Spotify as the default music client .
[ For more detail click here for the widescreen , higher resolution version ]
Playlists are instantly synced across desktop and mobile clients , and can be manipulated on either .
Spotify is working on several mobile versions - at The Great Escape in Brighton a fortnight ago , founder Daniel Ek confirmed an iPhone / iPod Touch version , but said he hoped Apple would n't block the app for competing with Apple 's own iTunes store .
His hopes were based on the precedent that Apple had not blocked Pandora or Last . fm applications .
But as we can see , Spotify is n't just a streaming service any more .
The offline mode takes it right into iTunes territory . ®
Adjust your game to the type of girl .
Ask her three questions , and you ’ll get her , every time !
Do n't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase .
Check out the world 's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking for one thing .
What are you waiting for ?
Why woman are attracted to " jerks "
Why women are attracted to " jerks "
Dating Tips Home / Online Dating Home / Opposite Sex Channel
Yes , it ’s a fact – many women are attracted to Jerks .
But you can reap the benefits Jerks enjoy without crossing to “ the other side ” and becoming a jerk yourself .
Read this article and find out – it could change your complete perspective on what it takes to succeed with women .
Then go get a free trial of his Double Your Dating eBook , here .
*** QUESTION ***
Hey -
I am 18 years old and just graduated high school .
I used to be a MAJOR wuss and when I was younger I was always a shy kid who was picked on a lot because I was a short , skinny kid that never stood up for myself .
And worst of all , I never took advantage of high school to get girls !
I started getting your newsletter earlier this year and the cocky + funny attitude changed my life in more ways than one .
I hang out with guys that get the hottest high school girls you can ever imagine .
Not only do they get 9's and 10's , I see these girls obsess over them .
I was around them so much that I tried to model thier behavior around girls and I noticed that EVERYTHING you preach about , comes to them NATURALLY .
Every tip of advice you ’ve given to guys ACTUALLY works , and Ive seen it first hand .
I started using cocky + funny myself and even use lines that Ive seen my friends use in past cases .
I saw a HOT girl in the mall and she was checking herself out in a pocket mirror so I said " do n’t worry , your hair does n’t look THATTT bad " .
She started laughing even though I just made fun of her !
I asked for her email and when she said she doenst have the internet , I used your line " well do you have electricity " ?
AGAIN the girl laughed , and I ended up getting her phone # and I hooked up with her that weekend !
MY QUESTION - my natural personality has transformed from a wussy shy nice kid to a guy that ’s gonna bust your balls , but a nice guy at heart .
I made a lot more girl " friends " too , but whenever they try to tell me their sad stories , I let them know Im not their boyfriend and do not care .
Whenever I gain the courage to use cocky + funny , it WORKS but my problem is even though I ’ve seen this work in action , I fear I do n’t know enough cocky + funny lines to keep up a conversation with a girl .
Also , do you recommend hitting on random strangers you see , because my friends say they never really hit on strangers unless they have a reason to go up and talk to them .
My friends also say to ALWAYS have 5 " project girls " and never focus on one girl .
Is this true ?
please write back .
E from NYC
>>>MY COMMENTS :
It 's interesting , because I actually discovered the Cocky & Funny technique by watching guys who were good with women .
In fact , a guy who is now a good friend was trying to explain the concept to me a few years back ... and he was the first one to say " Cocky & Funny " .
Of course , I had no idea what he was talking about at the time .
It really made no sense to me .
But after I started working with it and watching other guys who were really successful with women , I learned how it worked .
It sounds like you 're really getting it - congrats !
As for your questions ...
Do n't worry about being able to " come up with enough lines to keep up a conversation " .
Just do what you can , and enjoy yourself .
A few Cocky & Funny lines used here and there are MUCH better than nothing at all .
If you feel like approaching strangers , great .
If you just realize that most women are going to be nice , but some will be either unavailable or unfriendly then you 'll be fine .
I have personally had great success meeting " strangers " , and as my good friend Rick says , " Every friend you have started out as a stranger .... "
And as for the " 5 project girls " , you 're cracking me up over here .
If you like the idea of staying single and dating a lot of different women , then this is the way to do it !
Just make sure they do n't turn into your personal " psychological projects " .
Thanks for your email .
*** QUESTION ***
Hey Dave ....
I ’m a premed student who has been subscribing to your newsletter for quite a while now .
I 've been meaning to buy your book but im not in the habit of using a credit card so ill have to open an account especially for this .
Anyway , i've been going out with this girl for 9 months now .
She is smart , attractive , and funny .
the way i landed her was by being cocky funny .
EXTREMELY cocky funny .
i was always one step ahead of her .
It was kind of like " Dont even TRY to challenge me , im already inside your head ! " .
everything was cool .
but to tell the truth ( and no offense ) i just kind of got tired of the constant effort ..... so i cooled it off a bit not always seizing the opportunity to remind her just who it is she 's dealing with .
And i think i got screwed .
Now i feel like i've turned into a wuss .... and i HATE IT !!! no.. I LOATHE IT !!!!!!!!!!
When i turn on the macho act she 's a pussy cat again .
You see i want someone to whom i can genuinely be .... just nice to , with her appreciating it and NOT taking advantage .
i mean since this is a long - term relationship i want someone who will give me a smooth ride without all that continuos maintenance .
I dont wanna be cocky and tough all my life with her , sometimes a guy just wants to relax .
Is it possible ??
F.Z , Lebanon
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Ooooooo , good question .
I 've seen a trend in the way guys , who are learning to be Cocky & Funny and to stay in control , change .
As they 're learning the techniques , they become more and more attractive to women .
Then , they meet a really amazing woman - a woman that was previously " out of their league " , and they decide to start a relationship .
As soon as they start getting closer , the guy begins to put aside the things that worked , and start being more and more submissive ... which , of course , drives this new woman away .
Then I get an email saying " I want to be nice and sweet and a good guy but still have all the super hot women calling me 24/7 " .
Here 's what I say :
" BEING YOURSELF " IS A PRIVELEGE THAT YOU HAVE TO EARN , NOT A RIGHT .
And the way that you earn it is to learn what it takes to make women feel ATTRACTION , learn what it takes to NOT drive women away , then make these things part of " YOURSELF " .
Are you with me here ?
The problem is that " being yourself " for a lot of guys means " being the type of guy that women do n't feel any ATTRACTION for " .
If you can't make a woman feel the emotion of ATTRACTION , then there 's really nothing I can do to help you .
If you 're not willing to do the work and make the changes more or less permanent , then you 're going to have a long uphill battle .
And in your case , you have to realize that this woman was attracted to you for a REASON , and if you stop that REASON , then you 're going to stop the ATTRACTION .
*** QUESTION ***
Whats goin on Dave ?
I would love to say how great your stuff works , but I have n't had much luck with it as of yet .
I have seen it put to good use though .
My bro does the whole cocky / funny routine naturally and I see all its power .
Most of the time I was Mr. Nice - Guy. and , of course , it did n't work as much as I would like .
Which is why I 'm writing this e- mail .( duh )
My problem is I 'm missing the key ingredient to your ' super recipe , ' funny .
The way I see it , cocky is like garlic , by itself it is repulsive and disgusting .
But when used as a seasoning to another main dish ( funny ) , it can do wonders .
I 'm missing the main dish .
Anyone can be cocky , but I lack in the funny department .
So where do I start to fix this ?
Thanks , P in NJ
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Humor has a structure , and it can be learned .
Some people seem to have an easier time learning how to be funny , but I 've seen some not - too - funny people become VERY funny with practice .
Read some books , watch Comedy Central , and practice .
Start a journal and write down funny lines you hear so you can use them later .
Get with your Bro ' and watch him .
Ask him for advice and ideas .
Practice .
You can learn how to be funny and it 's important that you do if you want to attract women !
As I 'm sure you know , my book has some of my very favorite " standard " lines for different situations , plus more on how to create specific humor for specific situations .
For all the details , go to :
http://www.DoubleYourDatingMethod.com/e/10336/eBook/c-e7
*** COMMENT ***
Dave ,
I know that you put real stories in these letters because I sent one in and it appeared exactly as I had written it .
I laughed till I cried over the " fat , pimply , and hairy " story .
You are " Da man " I look forward to your wit in these letters and I must admit I 'm going to buy your book .
GJ
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Yes , all of the email letters I print in my newsletters are ALL real .
Every single one of them .
I wish I had more time in the day , because I get hundreds of them a week ...
Thanks for the compliments , and enjoy .
*** QUESTION ***
Ok David , first off , I would like to say thank you for taking the years that you did to get all of this great info . , and then be generous enough to spread the knowledge .
Here is my situation .
I knew this girl back in high school , and I have n't seen her since graduation ( about 2 yrs ago ) .
I bumped into her the other day and WOW ( she is a
9.5 easy ) .
Well , having not yet tried out any of your techniques , I thought " What the hell , let 's go for it . "
It worked .
The c/f technique was golden .
Got her email AND number .
Well , we eventually went out and had a great time .
A couple of days later , I went over to see her new place , and well , things got a little wild .
( it all started with your amazing kiss technique - thanks
again )
So here 's the deal .
She likes me a lot , and I like her a lot , but I have been playing back in order to keep the ugly head of the " wussy " out of the picture .
When is a good time ( or is there a good time at all ) to be serious with her ?
Do I bust on her all the time , b/c I do n't want her to think I am a jerk ?
Any help you can give is great .
Thanks again .
ME
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Well , I do n't exactly know what you mean by " serious " .
If you mean " When can I talk about how I 'm sad because my dog got run over and my inner child needs a hug " , then NEVER is the answer .
Well , maybe you can have one " serious " conversation like this on the 10th date , and it can last no longer than 5 minutes .
Just stay away from heavy emotional issues , problems , drama , and general WUSS topics .
If you need a friend , GET A DOG !
lol ...
I forgot where that line is from , but I love it .
*** QUESTION ***
Mr. DeAngelo ,
Well , I 've got to say , after trying many , many different methods , yours have been the first ones to work .
I cut and pasted your online personal add and sent it out to a few women on a college - oriented site .
This is after trying
( unsuccessfully ) for many months to get any sort of response from the women on the site .
Before reading the newsletters , I would 've typically sent out about 20 e-mails , and got 1 response if I was lucky .
This time , however , I sent out about 5 or 6 , and got 3 replies the next day !
Unbelievable !
Now , for the tricky part ... getting the number and the date .
I 've got some leads , and I want to keep my C&F attitude up .
I 'm just normally funny , but need practice at being cocky .
( I 'm either too subtle , or too extreme , so I 'm practicing at finding a middle ground . )
But , in the meantime , what kind of C&F response would you give to a University - aged woman ?
G .
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Good job .
There are all kinds of great topics you could work with .
You could make fun of the classes they 're taking , bust on them for taking easy classes , accuse them of taking 10 years to get a 4 year degree ... the list is endless .
Since you 're going to be meeting these women at some point , make sure you go and do things with them that have " built in conversation value " .
Go to interesting , fun parts of town with unusual and interesting shops .
This kind of thing creates all kinds of opportunity for great comments ... and it keeps the energy up all by itself .
Now that you 're meeting women online , do yourself a big favor and practice your skills CHATTING with women .
Chatting is great because it slows the conversation down to about 1 / 5 the normal speed , and gives you time to plan out what you 're saying .
*** QUESTION ***
Dear Dave ,
I 'm real sorry but I still cannot figure out how to build bridges after getting the email address .
Normally the next day I send the lady an email , she replies and then I can't think what on earth else to do .
My overall goal is to get with her - so can you help me man ?
I.M.
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Yes , I think I can help .
1 . Set up a meeting for tea .
2 . Have her stop by your place on the way to tea .
3 . Have fun , interesting conversation .
4. Invite her back to your place .
5 . Use the Kiss Test .
6 . Use your creativity and imagination .
Do n't focus too much on " getting with her " , just focus on getting to THE NEXT STEP .
In other words , when you email - do n't say something like :
" Hi , it was great meeting you .
I 'm single and nice , and you seem like you 'd make a great girlfriend for a sweet , desperate loser like myself . "
Stay off of heavy conversation .
Do n't talk about relationships and marriage , etc .
Just talk and enjoy yourself .
But keep progressing as you do .
As long as you relax and make each progressive step easy and natural , you 'll be fine .
Again , just take it one step at a time .
*** QUESTION ***
Hi David :
I ’m 42 and a bald , average , confident guy .
After being recently divorced ( Dec/01 ) after 24 yrs and thoroughly confused about dating and what women want .
I bought [ another dating book ] and was even more scared to do any of what was asked to do .
I bought your course and coupled with watching the players in clubs I knew C&F was the answer .
I used it successfully on over ( 9 ) women since Jan/02 all resulting in them wanting much , much more * than I was willing to give .
They all call from time - to - time for fun !
* Here is where I have the problem and it might help others trying for this type of relationship .
I am single and love my Space and I want to have fun for a while and eventually marry again I ’m looking for Her and it takes a while to see if she is Her I get them hooked way too fast and not trying to do so This is how : Women are attracted to C& F , They want fun and excitement ; I think I know why they want funny for the fun things to do in life ( too many boring guys out there ) and the cocky part piques their inner flames to what could happen as far as passion .
If when you are passionate with them you have to be a Leader and show them as bad a boy as they can handle .
This has in all instances so far lead them to call me and pursue me : the next day and weeks ahead .
They want a far deeper relationship .
They want C&F in their lives .
These are not clingy people ( 7 - 9 ’s ) ( 24 - 44yrs ) and profess to want to be friends first .
Email is great as it has a way of helping them say things they wished they could say in person .
Do you have any wisdom on how to do C& F and not hit all of her senses ?
Thanks Again for C&F J.
>>>MY COMMENTS :
lol ... you poor , poor dear .
Sounds tough , really .
I think you 're doing fine .
You 're on the right track , and I think that you 're going to find an outstanding woman to have a longer - term relationship with .
I personally think that the problem is n't the techniques you 're using , it 's that you 're now seeing that YOU CAN CHOOSE A WOMAN , rather than having HER CHOOSE YOU ... and it's making you far more SELECTIVE than you were in the past .
When you 're seeing several attractive women at the same time , you begin to realize that you can have whatever you want .
You no longer have to settle .
This has the effect of making you a lot pickier about what you 'll tolerate ... and it makes you see negatives a lot more clearly in women .
Again , I think you 're doing fine .
Just stick with it and you 'll find a great woman to marry again , if that 's what you want .
*** QUESTION ***
Hi Dave .
I do n't think the cocky / funny technique will work for me .
I 'm 19 y/o , 5 ' 3 " and 117 lb .
I have an average build , dark hair and blue eyes .
I also have a fetish for girls with big bellies .
What do you think ?
Be honest .
SO
Birmingham , England
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Well , if I can get myself to stop laughing , maybe I can answer you !
OK , let 's make sure I have the facts straight here ...
You 're five foot three , weigh 117 , and LIKE WOMEN WITH BIG BELLIES ?
Honestly , I think you 're right ...
I do n't think that the Cocky & Funny technique will work for you ... in fact
... I DON'T THINK ANYTHING IS GOING TO WORK FOR YOU .
Make sure you do n't tell any of your other guy friends about this .
It might get ugly .
By the way , you may not have considered this , but women with big bellies usually got them from eating a lot ... and my guess is that they might be expensive dates .
Watch out .
*** SUCCESS STORY ***
Dave :
Dated someone for 4 years .
Turned into a wussy boy a couple times , and both times she left me for the same guy .
This guy was a selfish , conceited jerk , but he was the ONLY guy she 's ever dated who she could n't wrap around her finger .
He was an impossible challenge ... and so her sexual attraction to him was enormous .
( Hmmm ... is there a lesson to be learned here ...? )
Since we broke up about a year ago , I 've been reading your newsletters and your ebooks .
Now I 'M the challenging one .
I do n't flatter women with compliments , I do n't buy drinks or flowers , I split the dinner tab , I do n't always call ( or call back ) every day , I keep my social life busy and interesting .
And I never ever EVER lose my composure with a woman - no matter how much I 'm attracted to them .
( In truth : I caved to one woman , told her how attracted I was to her , and instantly found myself in the " just friends " pit of no return .
Oops .
Had to learn the hard way . )
Now every time a woman tries to test my level of " wussiness " I completely annihilate them with a cocky + funny comment ... and they LOVE me for it .
And ... of course ... guess who suddenly wants to date me again ...
Thanks D , M.S. Chicago
P.S. Took this off the end of the 1st paragraph above ... it was getting too long , but I love this perspective from a woman :
While investigating this illogical phenomenon , I asked a somewhat - attractive female friend of mine " so ... can you shed any light onto the whole ' why women are attracted to jerks ' idea ? "
And her answer ( quote ) : " Because we 're too leery of a nice guy .
Nice guys creep me out .
They seem like I can walk all over them and I hate that .
Women want a bit of a challenge . "
>>>MY COMMENTS :
This is truth from the mountain .
Read it 100 times a day .
Print it and tape it to your computer monitor .
Put a copy in your wallet ... next to the money so you see it often .
Put one on your car sun visor and mirror .
And go read it again now .
*** QUESTION ***
Yes Dave , you are 100 % correct .
Even us older , fatter , grayer , slower wusses can learn new tricks .
I went from a 4 time loser to being called biggest old stud in town !
Now that was a hell of an ego boost !
Especially since I 'm 48 and close to 300 lbs. and yes , at the moment , I have steady dates for 3 days of the week every week and 5 others professing their love for me if only I will come take them away .
Here are what I found to work :
1 ) Women over 35 expect you to be extremely inventive with a cocky funny line or extremely truthful .
They all claim it is because they have had so many used on them , they are totally immune to them .
I tend to go the extremely truthful route .
the ie .
you look like the type of woman who would like a funny witty , intelligent , romantic friend .
Have you found any lately ???
I want to shake their hand .
Or something similar .
2 ) If you are emailing back and forth and they want your picture within the first couple of exchanges , run do not walk , that lady to the discard pile immediately .
Most of those are so shallow they can not and will not see what they are doing , no matter how funny and blunt you are .
I even tried the " what ’s in it for me ? " line , only to get the reply of " me stupid , but only if I like your picture "
3 ) When the lady says I do n't think I 'm really your type , you look them straight in the eye and say " ok , plenty more where you came from " and turn and walk away .
9 out of 10 of them will be calling you in 48 hours .
4 ) They all know about arranging dates for the week and finding the dates on the weekend .
So tell them you only have like Friday , Saturday OR Sunday open but not all .
Most will tell you to rearrange your week to fit them in .
The ones really really interested will call you on Saturday to see if you can go out on the spur of the moment .
5 ) I tell them all I am too much to handle and too much to love , so being friends is just perfect .
But I have zero experience in this dating more than one woman thing at a time .
Do you have any advice .
Especially since I am sure to make a lot of mistakes .
Yeah , they all want to arrange more time with me .
So you see , your techniques work .
Even my 21 y/o daughter who reads these occasionally says , " I can't agree all the way , but damn he sure got the last 5 guys I dated nailed "
Keep up the good work Dave .
M .
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Wow , more priceless wisdom .
To answer your question , the way to see more than one woman at a time is to NOT SEE ANY OF THEM TOO OFTEN .
When you see or talk to a woman more than once or twice a week , it kicks in the natural " relationship " emotions and patterns of communication and behavior .
If you keep things to once a week , and sometimes twice , you 'll tend to avoid this .
It 's also good to tell the women that you 're seeing , that you do n't think it 's a good idea to get into a relationship too quickly with someone you just met ( I believe this is a very important idea , myself ) .
Thanks for the great ideas .
*** QUESTION ***
Hi David ,
I thoroughly enjoyed reading your book ... very enlightening .
I 've always found myself attracting girls I 'm not romantically interested in , while crashing and burning with the hotties .
It was very confusing until I read your book .
I realize now that I was a wuss with the hotties by being a typical " nice guy " , and that the more I acted indifferent with the girls I did n't like , the more they ate it up .
You gave me a new perspective on what makes attraction work , and I 'm glad to see that your book pointed out that you do n't have to be a jerk to be successful .
My game has improved but it still requires some refining .
Lately I find I 'm stalling out between the first and second date .
So I 'm wondering if I 'm screwing up the date itself or the follow - through .
Here are the steps I take after a date :
1 ) I call within two days to say I had a good time and basically make contact .
I end the conversation first , and let her know I 'll give her a shout in a couple days ... just so I do n't seem like I 'm rushing into a second date .
2 ) I let two or three days pass and call to make arrangements for a second date .
At this point I usually get a vague answer like " lets set something up for next week " ... and then it never happens .
Where is this falling apart and what kind of follow - through do you use ?
Thanks for the help ,
SF London , Ontario
>>>MY COMMENTS :
I 'm going to have to guess at a few things , but I 'll give it a shot .
From the sounds of it , you need to :
1. Stop with the " I had a good time " type comments when you call for a follow up .
You might experiment with waiting longer to call ... or waiting less time to call .
See what works best for you .
But do n't be so " nice " .
2 . Do more things to make your date feel ATTRACTION .
Use what you 've learned to really turn the dial up .
You might test progressing further on the first date ... maybe start getting physical faster .
3 . Make sure you keep her laughing , and keep busting on her and treating her like a " friend " at first .
Remember the idea of acting like she 's your Bratty Little Sister .
It sounds like you 're doing something on those first dates that 's making the women resistant to seeing you again ... you need to figure out what it is and STOP IT .
*** QUESTION ***
David ,
On vacation in Mexico , a girl asked me if she was " super hot " and I said " Yeah , you 're alright . "
Next thing you know she made it her business to prove to me how hot she was , including some freaky dancing , even flashing me , and a little lip action .
Moral : Never give them what they want .
I moved in to kiss a girl a little too early and she backed away .
So I went back to teasing her and on the next attempt I went straight for the neck , ears , hands in hair and well you would n't believe it ; but it worked that time .
Your book has a lot of very good information , thank you for putting it together .
So here 's my question :
This girl at my gym is of those that I 've always wanted to talk to but never really had the chance .
She was bartending the other night and I told her I 'd seen her at the gym .
She said " yeah , but I do n't make it in there as much lately . "
I replied " Yeah , I can tell , you 're really letting yourself go . "
Then she gives me a shot and asks me if I 'd help her with her workout . "
She also said she remembered me from the gym and I said " So you were checking me out ? "
So I get her number , not bad , eh ?
So I 'm in the bar for another hour with some friends and I was going to order a drink from her later , but it might 've seemed like I wanted to talk to her again .
She seemed busy and did n't look at me .
Seemingly wuss behavior or she 's just busy ?
Who knows .
That was on Saturday and I called her on Wednesday , still no reply and today is Friday .
I 'm thinking either calling her once more over the weekend , asking about playing hard to get and if she just randomly gives out shots , or maybe going back to her bar in a week or two with some friends .
Again , thank you for all you 've done and thanks in advance for any suggestions .
A .
>>>MY COMMENTS :
I 'm going to tell you something here , and leave it to you to figure out why it 's important :
YOU SHOULD HAVE LEFT RIGHT AFTER YOU GOT HER NUMBER .
This is SUPER ULTRA EXTRA important ... and I want you to consider it in your mind until you figure out why .
*** QUESTION ***
Hey Dave ,
I got your e-mails for about a month before i actually bought the books and I regret waiting so long .
I have never been so confident around women .
I stand as a security guard at the entrance of a retail store and 8's , 9's , and some 10's pass by me everyday .
I used to turn my head and stare away .
Now I know what they want from reading your book and I can look at them , talk to them , and bust their balls even without ever meeting them .
I do have a problem though .
I took this beautiful girl out on a first date , the C&F technique worked so well all night from the movie to the dinner to the goodnight kiss ( tongue included ) that we both definitely wanted a 2nd date .
So what 's the problem .
She can't stop thinking about me or leaving me alone .
I 'm getting 10 text messages a day from this girl that I really only want to date a few times .
I 'm enjoying this bein single dating around and she wants me to be with her everyday .
How can I slow this down , without losing the C&F personality ?
Thanks Dave .
MM Kentucky
>>>MY COMMENTS :
Wow , another guy who my heart goes out to .
I need to write a book called " Cut Your Dating In Half : A guide for guys who are too successful with my materials . "
I think what you need to do is get together with her and say : " Look , you 're acting like we 're married , and you need to cool it .
I think you 're great , but I 'm not interested in a relationship right now , so if you want to keep seeing me , then you 're going to need to chill . "
I realize that it sounds a little bit harsh , but it 's the truth , and you need to be direct in a situation like this one ...
OK , if you 're reading this right now and you 're thinking to yourself , " I really need to get my dating life handled " , then YOU'RE RIGHT .
I could n't agree with you more .
I can't say that my techniques will absolutely work for you without question .
You 're the one that has to use them ...
But I will say that if you get out there and try them , I think you 'll find that they work better than anything else , and that you 'll have more success than you have now .
It took me YEARS to really figure out what women respond to , and I really believe that ANY guy can use the material to attract women .
Depending on just HOW shy or nervous you are , you might need to get that handled ... but once you start working with the techniques , I think you 'll be VERY pleased with the results ...
Get yourself a copy of my eBook , " Double Your Dating " .
It 's the ultimate training manual for meeting women ... and it will increase your success DRAMATICALLY .
And the best part is that you DON'T HAVE TO DECIDE NOW .
Right now I 'm running a special FREE TRIAL ...
I want you to check it out and see for yourself just how much the strategies and techniques inside improve your game .
I 'm serious .
Go here to check out some free samples and get all the details ... and be sure to sign up for my FREE Dating Secrets Newsletter while you 're at it :
Free Dating Tips Newsletter and Download eBook
Copyright 2004 David DeAngelo Communications Inc. , All Rights Reserved .
" David DeAngelo " and " Double Your Dating " are trademarks used by David DeAngelo Communications Inc .
Last week , Liz Cheney accused President Obama of choosing to " side with the terrorists . "
Sunday on This Week with George Stephanopoulos , she took things a step further , saying that he ’s being " un-American " by remaining open to torture prosecutions in the increasingly unlikely event that the Department of Justice decides to pursue indictments .
Watch :
( And yes , this is the same Liz Cheney whose father in 2004 falsely claimed the interrogations in Guantanamo had revealed a link between al Qaida and Iraq . )
How the Neanderthals met their grisly end 30,000 years ago ... we ate them
The mysterious disappearance of Neanderthals about 30,000 years ago has baffled scientists for centuries .
But now , according to a leading fossil expert , it seems the race may have met a rather grisly end .
They were eaten by our ancestors , the modern humans .
The basis for the claim is the markings on a Neanderthal jawbone found in Les Rois , south - west France during a study conducted by the Journal of Anthropological Sciences .
The cuts to the bone are similar to those left on those of deer and other animals butchered by humans in the Stone Age .
It is believed that the flesh was eaten by humans and the teeth used to make a necklace .
Grisly end : Neanderthals , believed to have looked similar to this pair , may have been devoured by humans who then used their teeth to make necklaces
Leader of the research team , Fernando Rozzi , of Paris 's Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique , said : ' Neanderthals met a violent end at our hands and in some cases we ate them .
' For years , people have tried to hide away from the evidence of cannibalism , but I think we have to accept it took place . '
Mr Rozzi believes the jawbone provides evidence that Neanderthals were attacked and sometimes killed by humans , who then brought their bodies back to caves to eat or used their teeth and skulls as trophies .
Victims ?
Neanderthals lived 300,000 years ago .
They managed to survive several ice ages before dying out around 30,000 years ago , around the same time as human beings arrived on the continent
Neanderthals lived across Europe around 300,000 years ago .
They managed to survive several ice ages before dying out around 30,000 years ago , around the same time as human beings arrived on the continent from Africa .
They had a jutting nose set in a large face with massive brow ridges and no chin .
One theory for the Neanderthals disappearance is that they could n't compete with humans , who had better brains and more sophisticated tools , for scarce resources such as food .
Other scientists believe they were more susceptible to the impact of climate change .
The controversial cannibalism claim is sure to divide opinion within the science community
The controversial cannibalism claim is sure to divide opinion within the science community .
Francesco d'Errico , of the Institute of Prehistory in Bordeaux , disagrees with the theory .
He said : ' One set of cut marks does not make a complete case for cannibalism . '
He added that humans could have found the bone and used its teeth as a necklace .
Professor Christ Stringer , of the Natural History Museum , London , said : ' This is a very important investigation .
' We do need more evidence , but this could indicate modern humans and Neanderthals were living in the same area of Europe at the same time , that they were interacting , and that some of these interactions may have been hostile .
' This does not prove we systematically eradicated the Neanderthals or that we regularly ate their flesh .
' But it does add to the evidence that competition from modern humans probably contributed to Neanderthal extinction . '
The Obama administration 's stance on copyright enforcement has already attracted an open letter in which a variety of public advocacy groups voiced concerns that there seemed to be a bias towards content owners in the initial round of appointments .
Those worries are unlikely to go away any time soon , if this week 's events are any indication .
The Motion Picture Association of America came to town , armed with lobbyists and figures that suggest it functions as a one - industry , nationwide job stimulus , and it heard exactly what it was looking for from Vice President Biden .
The MPAA hosted a series of events in Washington on Tuesday , during which it pressed both Congress and the administration for action on piracy .
Its justification : a new report which presents the entertainment industry as one of the US ' big success stories in recent years , one that 's creating jobs nationwide .
The report focuses on how the industry is one of the few portions of the economy that is running a trade surplus , and that it 's able to create jobs in nearly every state .
Some of the self - promotion is undoubtedly true .
A single film shoot can spread the wealth to a wide variety of peripheral jobs , from caterers to security to the carpenters and technicians that build sets and provide lighting .
Nevertheless , many of these jobs are transient , at least outside of states like New York and California where filming and production runs year - round .
It 's not clear , for example , how much South Dakota 's state economy benefited from the fact that the " Dinosaur Dig " TV show was filmed there , as highlighted by the MPAA report .
The report also relies on some statistics that probably are n't very informative .
For example , it brags that " the average salary of those employed in the core production - related industry was just under $ 75,000 in 2007 . "
Given the oversized salaries of leading actors , that 's probably a bit like highlighting the average salary of jobs hosted at Yankee Stadium .
This sort of stretching also occurs in the section of the report entitled " Investing in infrastructure and community development . "
The language seems chosen to parallel that of a lot of the stimulus spending , which is supposed to help improve the national infrastructure .
A careful look at the projects listed by the MPAA , however , suggests that the group considers studios , sound stages , and office buildings " infrastructure . "
The industry ( as its report notes ) does well in selling overseas , and probably would do even better without piracy and counterfeiting .
The report is simply meant to give legislators leverage when they agitate for changes in copyright enforcement through either national laws or international treaties ; as we 've seen in the past , said legislators do n't really seem to care how precise these sorts of figures are .
In any case , the day 's events wrapped up with a dinner that featured Vice President Joe Biden as a speaker .
According to reports of his speech , Biden blasted piracy as " pure theft " and singled out China for failure to enforce intellectual property laws .
He also promised that the administration would " find the right person for intellectual property czar . "
It was left unsaid whether that was " right " in the sense of " best person for the job " , or " right " in the sense of " someone the audience would be happy with . "
The Entertainment Consumers Association is a non-profit started by industry professional Hal Halpin to help consumers understand their rights , while also being a voice for those who buy and play video games in the industry .
When the FTC held a conference to discuss DRM , the ECA was there , and at GDC 2009 we chatted with Halpin about that conference and the future of PC gaming .
Ultimately , the ECA has two main positions on gaming and copy protection : 1 ) DRM needs to be disclosed , and 2 ) End-User Licensing Agreements need to be both simple and standard .
" We suggested a few things to the FTC , one of which was we'd like to see DRM disclosed , " Halpin started .
" So when people go to the store and buy the packaged good , the PC game , they 'll see something on the front of the box saying there is DRM inside , and to what degree it will be invasive . "
" The second thing that we recommended was that EULAs get standardized , so again , rather than have 30 or 40 types of agreements , there would be one standard one for all different types of computer games .
People go into the store , buy the game , open it , and they can no longer return it ... by standardizing the EULA , consumers will have the confidence to know what it is they 're agreeing to before they buy the product . "
" That did n't go over so well .
There was a room of attorneys that kind of gasped when we suggested standardization .
One panelist commented that the EULA really were there as consumer information , and that was the one and only time that the FTC jumped in and said ' wait a second , this has nothing to do with consumer information , this is purely IP protection . '
I pointed out that when we ran the IEMA ( Interactive Entertainment Merchants Association ) we were able to get the size of the boxes standardized , and to get the PC CD - ROM logo on the box .
These were not herculean undertakings , and they did n't require legislation .
So if we can do those things , then certainly we can do these . "
How do you tell consumers what kind of DRM is included in the game ?
Simple : use existing ideas that consumers are comfortable with .
" One panelist suggested icons on the front of the box , some sort of logo .
You know , you copy what 's successful , which is the ESRB : everyone understands than an " M " represents Mature , and if you flip the box over there are descriptors . "
Someone suggested that the image of a lock be used , so if you see a padlock that 's fully closed , you know there is some serious DRM being used in the game .
Descriptors on the back could give you more specific information .
Halpin 's take ?
Keep it simple so that everyone can understand what 's going on with the DRM being introduced to their system .
How do you tell consumers what kind of DRM is included in the game ?
Simple : use existing ideas that consumers are comfortable with .
I asked Halpin if these moves will be possible without legislation .
Microsoft sure does n't want you to think about their technology in terms of DRM , and it has become a dirty word for EA , so how much pressure can be put on these companies to include the information on the box ?
" Well , that 's certainly my hope .
That 's why we brought up these two ideas that went over well with the audience , that the transition from disc - based media to digital media over the course of the next three five or seven years ... it 's essentially going to remove the purchase to own out of the equation , replacing it with purchasing a license .
That 's how PC games are now , when you go to the store and buy a game , you technically do n't own it .
That paradigm shift , it 's very important for us to get out ahead of it , so with DRM and EULAs , so we can say these are what consumer 's rights are , and have an easy way to identify that in the purchasing process . "
I bring up services like Steam , but Halpin disagrees with me when I say that buying online may make DRM less of an issue .
" No , it 's a bigger issue .
One of the reasons it 's important to get EULAs standardized and DRM disclosed is that when you talk about different systems like Steam , as your example , there are still controls in place .
While it's not SecuROM , it 's another form of DRM , it 's just in a different way .
Consumers need to understand that . "
So what if these companies no longer are able to support the games ?
One intriguing bit of news Halpin heard from the FTC meeting was the idea that any company who uses DRM must give keys and access codes to the Federal Trade Commission to hold onto .
" In the event of a company going under , the FTC would step in , " Halpin told me , keeping the games open and playable .
In other words , if you 're worried about EA shutting down the servers for Spore , you could trust that the FTC would make sure your game remains playable .
But do you own your games ?
Not really
The big question with licensed goods , such as PC games , is whether or not reselling the property is a basic right .
" The area that you 're in is the first - sale doctrine , which does n't apply to computer software , " Halpin replies .
" Why ?
They 're using the license model rather than the package - to - own packaged good model ... my personal preference is that if you buy something and you own it , you should be able to play it whenever and wherever and on whatever device you want .
This is a personal stance , not one the association has . "
Halpin did n't seem optimistic about the ongoing ability for consumers to resell their PC games , although the official statement somewhat clarified the association 's stance .
" The Law , in the area of EULAs in particular , is not as clear as it once was .
And the software industry 's potential side - stepping of the First Sale Doctrine 's protections — by terming their products as ' licensed ' rather than ' sold ' — leaves us concerned about the future of interactive entertainment , generally . "
Halpin does n't think this stance will stay limited to PCs however ; consoles may also begin to offered licensed products .
" It may not be next generation , but the generation after that almost certainly will be physical media - free .
This next generation of consoles will be way more dependent on digital distribution than it is currently , and it 's growing greatly now ...
I think it 's a trend that we 'll absolutely see continue , and again when it moves from purchase - to - own to purchasing a license , you 're in a whole different area of case law . "
What 's odd is that this creates an issue for the hardware : without money from software sales , why would retailers choose to sell the systems at all ?
" It 's totally razors and razorblades , so they have to overcome that first .
I would n't be surprised if major retailers have n't already discussed this and have something locked down ... that 's certainly the first major obstacle .
The second is : are these first parties so confident in the fact that they can reach the same mass - market numbers that we have in this generation , or more , by not having those retail partners and that availability of physical media .
That transition will have to happen over a period of time .
This next generation is just too soon . "
These are issues we should all be talking about , but we 're not .
Education is key
" One of the panelists in our discussion was sort of a proponent of DRM being something that everyone understands , that everyone is aware of because of Apple , because of EA , and I had to stop him and say I totally disagree .
I think that along the spectrum some publishers are certainly more conservative , and feel that the vocal minority of consumers who spoke up about Mass Effect and Spore represent the ' pirates ' and in doing so fanned the flames for a much larger percentage of consumers who now feel like they 're not being listened to .
A dismissive attitude from the industry probably came back to haunt them in sales , " Halpin said .
Ars Technica readers make their voices heard when it comes to DRM both in buying decisions and discussions , and the topic was huge at GDC , but for the average consumer ?
This may be a silent war .
That 's why DRM information needs to be front and center .
" Disclosure is of paramount importance .
People need to know what it is they 're buying !
We were joking before about information on food [ Editors note : we referred to the proposed labels on gaming as " nutritional information " in a previous discussion ] but some DRM is so invasive that you 're buying a product and you need to know what 's inside it , what impact it 's going to have and how it may or may not be limiting the rights you believe you have , because there 's now way to return it .
That 's the basis on which the FTC and your readers agree : disclosure , first and foremost . "
This is important issue , and I asked Halpin if there are any other goods you can buy , not knowing what the product may do to other goods ( your computer ) when you use it , and that you can't return .
" Not that I can think of .
Anything else , if it 's defective you can return it . "
That does n't work at most retailers , where the employees wo n't take returns simply because of invasive DRM , if they even know what that term means .
" One of our primary goals , core to our mission , is education , " Halpin tells Ars , and he strongly believes that if the FTC and the ECA is able to get this information onto game boxes , along with easy - to - understand , standardized licensing agreements , he can get the necessary information into the hands of consumers so that they can make better buying decisions and know their rights .
Ars Technica would like to thank Halpin for his time , and to encourage you , if you agree with these arguments , to join the ECA .
The $ 20 a year cost ( less if you 're a student or in the military ) gives you many benefits , and shows that you support disclosed DRM , more consumer rights , and a better experience when it comes to buying games .
Read about the new Amazon discount as well : the ECA could save you money while fighting for these issues .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Rescuers are searching the rubble of a police building in the Pakistani city of Lahore after a bomb attack killed at least 23 people and injured 200 .
Gunmen reportedly opened fire on guards before detonating a car bomb which flattened the emergency response building at police HQ .
Nearby offices of the ISI intelligence service were also damaged .
The interior ministry chief linked the attack to Taliban insurgents whom troops are battling in the Swat valley .
I ran out of the building and saw a surreal huge ring of white smoke rise into air
Matthias Gattermeier
eyewitness in Lahore , speaks to BBC
Eyewitnesses : ' Everything shattered ' " Enemies of Pakistan who want to destabilise the country are coming here after their defeat in Swat , " Rehman Malik said .
" There is a war and this is a war for our survival , " he added .
There has been no claim of responsibility for the attack but the authorities have been worried about possible retaliation for their offensive in Swat , the BBC's Barbara Plett reports .
Indian Foreign Minister SM Krishna condemned the attack and sent condolences to the bereaved .
" We hope that Pakistan and India would join hands together to fight this terror , " he said in Delhi .
UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband condemned the " atrocity " in Lahore and said Britain was " committed to standing shoulder by shoulder with Pakistan in days of need " .
' They started firing '
Up to 30 people were killed when the bomb went off mid-morning local time , reports say .
Rob Watson , BBC defence and security correspondent
What is striking about this latest attack , and so worrying for the Pakistani authorities , is the timing and choice of target .
It occurred near the offices of both the local police chief and of the national intelligence agency , the ISI , and comes as the Pakistani military is engaged in a massive campaign against militants in the north - west .
So the initial speculation is that this is in some way a revenge attack .
Questions will again be raised about the inability of the authorities to stop the attack altogether given they were clearly expecting reprisals and were on a heightened state after the two other recent attacks in the city .
As to who might have been responsible , the finger of blame is likely to point to the Taliban , although local officials say they have also seen worrying signs in recent times of local Punjabi - based extremist groups working together with militants from the tribal areas to plan attacks in Lahore .
Twelve policemen and a child are among those killed , Pakistani satellite TV channel Geo News reports .
Sajjad Bhutta , a senior government official in Lahore , told reporters that a car carrying several gunmen had pulled up in a street between the emergency response building and the ISI offices .
" As some people came out from that vehicle and started firing at the ISI office , the guards from inside that building returned fire , " he was quoted as saying by the Associated Press .
" As the firing continued , the car suddenly exploded . "
Issam Ahmed , a journalist with the Dawn newspaper in Lahore who arrived at the scene about 20 minutes after the blast , told the BBC he could still hear shooting in the area .
A least two arrests were made .
Rescue workers were seen clambering over a pile of concrete which was all that remained of the emergency response headquarters .
They were able to drag out several of the injured .
Semi-conscious policemen could be seen being carried out in blood - stained uniforms .
Debris was scattered on the road outside .
Officials were seen rushing towards the buildings to cordon off the area .
The blast also destroyed several cars parked or standing on the main Mall Road opposite the police building .
Bulldozers and other heavy lifting equipment were brought in as many people were feared trapped under the debris .
Distraught women could be seen looking for news of missing relatives .
' Surreal scene ' Zubair Bukhari , a BBC News website reader in Lahore , described hearing the explosion : " I was sitting in my office on Lawrence Road [ about 500 m from the site ] when a huge explosion rocked our entire building .
ATTACKS ON LAHORE THIS YEAR 3 March : Gunmen kill six police guards in an ambush on the Sri Lanka cricket team 30 March : Gunmen attack a police academy , killing eight people 27 May : A car bomb attack on police buildings kills at least 23
Hunt for Lahore cricket attackers Siege at Pakistan police academy " Glass windows shattered to pieces and the ceiling came down on the floor .
I ran outside the building to nearby Jinnah Garden .
I could hear gunfire which lasted for about 10 minutes and then I saw ambulance and police rushed to the scene . "
Matthias Gattermeier , an Austrian reader also in Lahore , said his office building had been shaken so hard he thought it would collapse .
" We first thought the explosion happened far closer by , but the blast was just so massive , " he said .
" I ran out of the building and saw a surreal huge ring of white smoke rise into [ the ] air .
Within minutes police and military blocked the streets .
Disaster units and emergency are going in and out every minute .
The streets are full of people . "
In previous attacks , a Lahore police college was attacked on 30 March with eight people killed , and weeks before that militants attacked the Sri Lanka cricket team in the city , killing six police guards .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Zogby Poll : Majority support legalization Today a new Zogby poll has been released that for the first time found a majority of Americans ( from now on referred to as ' Maricans ' ) want to see pot legalized .
Salem News has the story : Voters were asked : " Scarce law enforcement and prison resources , a desire to neutralize drug cartels and the need for new sources of revenue have resurrected the topic of legalizing marijuana .
Proponents say it makes sense to tax and regulate the drug while opponents say that legalization would lead marijuana users to use other illegal drugs .
Would you favor or oppose the government 's effort to legalize marijuana ? "
The results showed a decisive majority of 52 percent in favor with 37 percent opposed and 11 percent not sure -- slightly higher than the 46 percent support reported in an ABC News / Washington Post poll released at the end of April .
We recently pointed to an ABC / Washington Post poll which determined 46 percent of Americans to be in favor of pot legalization .
Could the pendelum have swung over the tipping point this fast ?
Was it the way the question was worded ?
Are polls an accurate reflection of public sentiment ?
Who knows ..
A more reliable picture of the situation can probably be obtained by acknowledging that these numbers oscillate within a certain range and that it may be prudent to average over the last 3 polls or so .
Anyway , lots of good news these days ! » more at : www.salem-news.com
Posted By Morrison at 2009-05-06 20:42:29 permalink | comments Tags : Zogby opinion poll marijuana cannabis weed pot legalization » More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 13 )
Last year the California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed the Harvey Milk Day bill , saying that Milk was a figure of merely local significance .
Whether you live in Palm Springs , the Central Valley , or far northern California , let the Governor know that Milk was an LGBT hero who truly changed the world and is worthy of a state day of special significance .
We have n't let last year 's veto deter us , and have this year introduced SB 572 , which would establish May 22 each year as Harvey Milk Day .
With the film , Milk , and the help of its star Sean Penn we have great momentum , but we also need your help !
Tell the governor your story about how Harvey has impacted your life , and why everyone in all corners of the Golden State needs heroes .
Use EQCA 's form to contact the governor to sign the Harvey Milk Day Bill .
Guns .
Philip Markoff , a medical student , supposedly carried his semiautomatic in a hollowed - out volume of “ Gray ’s Anatomy . ”
Police believe he used it in a hotel room in Boston last week to murder Julissa Brisman , a 26 - year - old woman who had advertised her services as a masseuse on Craigslist .
In Palm Harbor , Fla. , a 12 - year - old boy named Jacob Larson came across a gun in the family home that , according to police , his parents had forgotten they had .
Jacob shot himself in the head and is in a coma , police said .
Authorities believe the shooting was accidental .
There is no way to overstate the horror of gun violence in America .
Roughly 16,000 to 17,000 Americans are murdered every year , and more than 12,000 of them , on average , are shot to death .
This is an insanely violent society , and the worst of that violence is made insanely easy by the widespread availability of guns .
When the music producer Phil Spector decided , for whatever reason , to kill the actress , Lana Clarkson , all he had to do was reach for his gun  one of the 283 million privately owned firearms that are out there .
When John Muhammad and his teenage accomplice , Lee Malvo , went on a killing spree that took 10 lives in the Washington area , the absolute least of their worries was how to get a semiautomatic rifle that fit their deadly mission .
WASHINGTON – “ Fore ! ”
The federal government is preparing to spend millions to purchase a fleet of small electric vehicles that critics compare to golf carts .
The $ 838 billion economic stimulus bill that passed the Senate yesterday contains $ 300 million for the government to purchase a fleet of “ green ” cars .
But the money wo n’t just go to buy fuel - efficient hybrids such as the Ford Escape or Chevy Volt .
The cash also can be used to purchase “ neighborhood electric vehicles . ”
The NEVs , which resemble streamlined golf carts , scoot at up to 25 mph , operate on battery power and can be plugged into 110 - volt outlets for charging .
They are sometimes used at hospitals , college campuses and retirement communities , and can cost around $ 8,000 each .
They do n’t produce carbon emissions .
The House - passed version of the stimulus provides even more money for federal car purchases – $ 600 million .
The pot of money also specifically includes the NEVs .
There ’s also a tax subsidy in the bill to juice up vehicle sales – a potential a job - killer for golf caddies .
The provision gives a 10 percent tax credit off the price of specified “ low - speed ” vehicles costing up to $ 40,000 , for a total cost of $ 3 million .
The bill does not appear to cap the total number of credits that a person or business could take .
“ Americans who are n’t lucky enough to get a piece of the stimulus pie will at least be able to rest comfortably at night knowing that the guy who just fired them is gonna get a tax break on his new golf cart , ” fumed one Senate GOP aide .
Although the origins of the provision are unclear , it could be a boon to North Dakota - based NEV manufacturer Global Electric Motorcars , a division of Chrysler .
Rep. Earl Pomeroy ( D - ND ) posted a release on his official Web site last year announcing a Global vehicle the feds purchased for use on the Capitol grounds .
Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - ND ) sits on the Senate Appropriations Committee , which produced the spending part of the stimulus .
“ They ’re extremely versatile and efficient .
We do enjoy that people can use them and benefit from them , especially in this era of eco-friendly and reducing our dependence on foreign oil , ” said Joan Michelson , a Global spokeswoman .
The feds already use the vehicles at Army bases , parks , and other areas .
But neither Capitol Hill aides nor the Energy Department was able to say specifically what the carts would be used for , nor does the stimulus bill .
geoff.earle@nypost.com
I guess this is my belatedly overdue , yet highly striking contribution (? ) to the long running and heated Pirates vs Ninjas debate .
( Unfortunately I ran out of space in the first two panels , so any additional sentences like “ parrot - loving swabs ” , “ scurvy pox-infested dogs ” or “ Avast ye booty , me hearties ! ” had to be cut .
Also , I apologize for the lack of Rum in this strip . )
And finally , Is it funny today ?
Vote !
A young woman 's hoax call about an armed robbery designed to distract police so she could drive home after drinking backfired on her .
A young couple who had been out drinking around 1 am this morning thought they could outsmart police with a hoax call after they were told not to drive home , North Shore area commander inspector Les Paterson says .
After telling police they would walk to a nearby taxi stand , they instead they called 111 and reported a bogus incident of masked men with guns on the forecourt of a service station about 500 metres away .
" They had the brief pleasure of watching a bunch of police cars whiz past , they then jumped in their car intending to drive off in the opposite direction but a police officer took a detour on a ' hunch ' and located them . "
The pair denied making the call so the police communications centre redialled the number that had rung 111 and to the young woman 's embarrassment the phone she was holding started ringing .
She then admitted her actions , Mr Paterson says .
A 22 year old east Auckland woman was arrested for making a false complaint and attempting to drive with excess breath alcohol and will appear in the North Shore District Court next week .
Posted : 09:20 AM ET
The buzz online this morning is about a Cambridge University project that found photos posted to some social networks , blog and photo - sharing sites stick around after they 're deleted by users .
Researchers tested several photo - sharing sites to see if photos still existed on the Internet 30 days after they were supposedly deleted by users .
Seven of the 16 sites , including Facebook , failed the test .
From a researcher 's blog post :
Facebook alone hosts over 40 billion photos , over 200 per user , and receives over 25 million new photos each day .
Hosting such a huge number of photos is an interesting engineering challenge .
The dominant paradigm which has emerged is to host the main website from one server which handles user log - in and navigation , and host the images on separate special - purpose photo servers , usually on an external content - delivery network .
Sound confusing ?
Basically that means Facebook and other sites store photos in one place and their main Web page in another place .
That makes it difficult to know where your photos actually live .
And it apparently means there can be some major lag time between when you delete a photo and when it actually goes away .
The BBC says the problem comes from " shaky " business models for social networks :
What the Cambridge experiment has shown is that networks like Facebook and MySpace have decided that they just can't afford to give users as much privacy as they might like .
And that means that entrusting your photos to the cloud can mean relinquishing control of the way you appear online .
A Facebook spokesman reportedly denies the study 's findings : “ When a user deletes a photograph from Facebook it is removed from our servers immediately . "
The BBC repeats a familiar mantra : do n't put anything up that you would n't want the world to see :
you 're bonkers to put anything online that you do n't want a future employer , partner or aged relative to see – because , if the experiment is to be believed , that embarrasing shot of you in fancy dress at a stag night will remain online even after you 've deleted it .
Check out the list of which sites passed and failed the test , and also follow the conversation on Twitter .
It 's happening under a search for " Are you sure those . "
Posted by : John D. Sutter -- CNN.com writer / producer
Filed under : Facebook  Flickr  social - networking sites
It is quite evident that their efforts are , in fact , helping many distressed homeowners .
“ Literally , their assistance saved my family ’s home , ” said Robert Robinson , of Felton , Pa. , whose interest rate was cut by more than half , making his mortgage affordable again .
But to some , it is disturbing to see former Countrywide executives in the industry again .
“ It is sort of like the arsonist who sets fire to the house and then buys up the charred remains and resells it , ” said Margot Saunders , a lawyer with the National Consumer Law Center , which for years has sought to place limits on what it calls abusive lending practices by Countrywide and other companies .
More than any other major lending institution , Countrywide has become synonymous with the excesses that led to the housing bubble .
The firm ’s reputation has been so tarnished that Bank of America , which bought it last year at a bargain price , announced that the name and logo of Countrywide , once the biggest mortgage lender in the nation , would soon disappear .
Mr. Kurland acknowledges pushing Countrywide into the type of higher - risk loans that have since , in large numbers , gone into default .
But he said that he always insisted that the loans go only to borrowers who could afford to repay them .
He also said that Countrywide ’s riskiest lending took place after he left the company , in late 2006 , after what he said was an internal conflict with Mr. Mozilo and other executives , whom he blames for loosening loan standards .
In retrospect , Mr. Kurland said , he regrets what happened at Countrywide and in the mortgage industry nationwide , but does not believe he deserves blame .
“ It is horrible what transpired in the industry , ” said Mr. Kurland , who has never been subject to any regulatory actions .
But lawsuits against Countrywide raise questions about Mr. Kurland ’s portrayal of his role .
They accuse him of being at the center of a culture shift at Countrywide that started in 2003 , as the company popularized a type of loan that often came with low “ teaser ” interest rates and that , for some , became unaffordable when the low rate expired .
The lawsuits , including one filed by New York State ’s comptroller , say Mr. Kurland was well aware of the risks , and even misled Countrywide ’s investors about the precariousness of the company ’s portfolio , which grew to $ 463 billion in loans , from $ 62 billion , three times faster than the market nationwide , during the final six years of his tenure .
Boys and girls in Ireland were beaten , sexually abused and emotionally terrorized for decades in workhouse - style schools run by the Roman Catholic Church where a “ culture of silence ” protected victimizers rather than the children in their care , according to a long - awaited report .
For more than half a century , chronic , excessive and arbitrary punishment created “ a climate of fear ” in which students at schools administered by Catholic religious orders lived “ with the daily terror of not knowing where the next beating was coming from . ”
Through it all , the report says , government inspectors failed to stop what was going on .
The neglect came despite attempts by some individuals to bring their abusers to account in an effort to lessen the trauma victims suffered for years afterward and that still haunts many today .
These are some of the findings of the controversial 2,600 - page report unveiled in Dublin on Wednesday after a nine - year investigation by Ireland ’s Commission to Inquire Into Child Abuse .
Drawing on the testimony of nearly 2,000 witnesses , men and women who attended more than 200 Catholic - run schools from the 1930s until the 1990s , the commission painted a damning picture of a church engaged too often in covering up misdeeds instead of rooting out their perpetrators .
Advertisement
The five - volume report is a major rebuke to a religious institution that continues to wield significant , albeit declining , influence on Irish society , especially on moral issues such as divorce and abortion .
But the church ’s standing has been weakened since the abuse scandals began to become public in the mid-1990s , by which time many of the schools had closed .
This loss of stature has undermined the church ’s ability to counter a rise in secularism that accompanied Ireland ’s leap in prosperity .
The investigating panel found that sexual molestation was “ endemic ” in the church , committed by offenders who were often transferred to other institutions rather than dismissed or turned over to authorities .
Nonetheless , the report was not tough enough for some of the victims .
Many are angry that it includes no names of alleged offenders , an omission that one of the religious orders under investigation fought for and won in court .
Only pseudonyms are used , making slim the chances of criminal prosecution based on the report ’s findings .
“ We expected that these people would be named and shamed and that some of them would be convicted , ” John Barrett , who testified before the commission , told Irish radio station Today FM .
Advertisement
“ At the end of the day , some of us wo n’t sleep tonight .
We ’re still nowhere near the truth , ” said Barrett , 55 , who was sexually abused in the 1960s while at a school for boys with learning disabilities run by the Brothers of Charity in County Cork .
Cardinal Sean Brady , the leader of Ireland ’s 4 million Catholics , offered an apology Wednesday for the abuses found by the commission .
“ I am profoundly sorry and deeply ashamed that children suffered in such awful ways in these institutions , ” Brady said in a statement released by the Irish Catholic Bishops ’ Conference .
“ Children deserved better , and especially from those caring for them in the name of Jesus Christ . ”
Edmund Garvey , a spokesman for the Christian Brothers , whose 2004 lawsuit against the commission resulted in the shielding of names in the final report , told RTE Radio that the order was “ deeply sorry , deeply regretful . ”
Advertisement
The Catholic Church sponsored scores of reformatories , orphanages and industrial schools where more than 30,000 boys and girls deemed to be delinquent or incorrigible were sent from the 1930s until the end of the 20th century .
In some instances , the children ’s only “ fault ” was to be born out of wedlock .
The commission found that corporal punishment and other forms of physical abuse were standard practice at many institutions for dealing with any perceived misbehavior .
“ Extreme punishment was a feature of the boys ’ schools .
Prolonged , excessive beatings with implements intended to cause maximum pain occurred with the knowledge of staff management , ” the report says .
Girls also were subject to “ ritualized beatings , ” often administered by the nuns in a way calculated to “ increase anguish and humiliation , ” the report found .
Advertisement
“ One way of doing this was for children to be left waiting for long periods to be beaten .
Another was when it was accompanied by denigrating or humiliating language . ”
Some victims told the commission that seeing or hearing other children being beaten was a terrifying experience that has haunted them ever since .
“ It ’s something you never forget , ” Tom Sweeney told Irish television , referring to the five years he spent in industrial schools , including two years at Artane , a facility run by the Christian Brothers in Dublin .
“ Things did n’t happen in your life after that , ” said Sweeney , 63 .
“ Your life fell apart .
Your marriage fell apart .
Your communication with your children fell apart , and it all stems [ from ] being in Artane .
We never got closure , and we never will get closure . ”
Advertisement
Sexual abuse was also rife , especially in boys ’ facilities , the report says .
The religious authorities knew that such misconduct was a persistent problem , but children who complained were ignored or blamed for what had occurred .
When dealt with by school authorities , their cases were examined in isolation and secrecy , with “ no attempt to address the underlying systemic nature of the problem , ” the commission found .
Punishment for an offender often meant transfer to another institution , where , “ in many instances , he was free to abuse again . ”
Leaders of the religious orders have contended that the claims of widespread abuse are exaggerated .
They also have argued to the commission that , according to the mores of the day , the sexual abuse of children was not regarded as a criminal offense but rather a moral failing .
But the report notes that when laypeople were found to have abused children , the orders would turn those cases over to the police , whereas accusations against members of the order were dealt with internally .
Advertisement
The commission also blamed secular authorities for failure to protect the children in the Catholic - run facilities .
Visits by Department of Education inspectors were announced in advance .
And while the department should have realized that the problem of physical violence was endemic , its staff preferred to defer to the religious authorities , the report says .
The Irish government has already taken steps to compensate abuse victims , making payments of about $ 87,000 , on average , to 12,000 people , the Associated Press reported .
Claims from a further 2,000 people await adjudication .
Several hundred people have refused payments because they would have been required to waive their right to sue their alleged abusers .
Christine Buckley , 63 , called the report a vindication for the victims .
Advertisement
Buckley ’s allegations about abuse she endured at the Goldenbridge Orphanage run by the Sisters of Mercy helped spark the inquiry .
“ We have been vindicated .
I acknowledge that , ” she said .
“ I may sound angry today , and I am very angry today , because over the last few days we were rehashing hurt . ”
--
henry.chu@latimes.com
Advertisement
Special correspondent Donald Mahoney in Dublin contributed to this report .
