Note :
This is the second recipe from Surapee Parich , mother of former Times Test Kitchen intern May Parich .
The dish makes a wonderful dinner party appetizer or pass - around hors d’oeuvre .
DIPPING SAUCE
3 tablespoons
Thai chile paste
Advertisement
1/3 cup vinegar
3/4 cup water
1 1/2 cups sugar
1 tablespoon plus 3/4 teaspoon salt
Advertisement
FILLING
1/2 pound ground pork
1 ( 4 1/2-ounce ) can lump crab meat
2 tablespoons thin soy sauce
Advertisement
1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/3 cup chopped cilantro
1/2 cup chopped water chestnuts
Advertisement
1 tablespoon sesame oil
2 tablespoons water
1 cucumber , peeled
48 large shrimp
Advertisement
24 spring roll wrappers
1 egg , lightly beaten
Oil for deep frying
DIPPING SAUCE
Advertisement
Combine chile paste , vinegar , water , sugar and salt in medium saucepan .
Boil until slightly thick , about 10 minutes .
Let cool and set aside .
Makes about 1 1/2 cups .
FILLING
Combine pork , crab meat , soy sauce , pepper , garlic powder , cilantro , water chestnuts , sesame oil and water .
Slice cucumber into 1/4 - inch - thick rounds .
Peel shrimp to tail .
Butterfly along back , removing vein .
Stuff cut portion of each shrimp with 1 teaspoon filling , mounding filling over shrimp .
Cut wrappers diagonally to make triangles .
Cover with damp towel to prevent drying .
Advertisement
Place 1 shrimp on 1 wrapper triangle about 1 / 4 of way from corner with tail hanging over longest edge .
Carefully wrap corner over shrimp and roll shrimp in wrapper about 3 times .
Fold top corner over shrimp and continue rolling and tucking to achieve snug fit around shrimp with shrimp tail hanging out .
Brush beaten egg where edges come together to seal wrapper .
Fill medium - sized heavy saucepan halfway with oil and heat on medium - high until 400 degrees .
Fry shrimp until golden brown , about 3 minutes .
Drain on paper towels .
Serve with Dipping Sauce and cucumber slices .
48 shrimp rolls .
Each shrimp roll with 1 teaspoon sauce : 79 calories ; 229 mg sodium ; 18 mg cholesterol ; 2 grams fat ; 12 grams carbohydrates ; 4 grams protein ; 0.05 gram fiber .
A new era of Doctor Who is about to begin , and one of the show 's new producers walked us through what 's different this time around .
Find out about the revamped title sequence , new cameras and a whole new approach .
Advertisement
Oh , and I really do n't think there are any spoilers in this post .
Other than , you know , that he travels through time in a Police Box .
We were lucky enough to speak with Beth Willis , who 's taking over the production side of Doctor Who along with Piers Wenger , occupying the role formerly occupied by Julie Gardner .
She explained why not all of the changes in the new season will be immediately obvious , even to returning viewers — she and Wenger decided to revamp a lot of stuff behind the scenes , which will change the look and feel of the show and make it more like the " dark fairytale " that Steven Moffat is crafting .
Advertisement
Doctor
Who is all about renewing itself
Really , the show 's capacity to reinvent itself constantly comes from the concept of regeneration , which allows the show to choose a new lead actor every few years .
( Or in the case of Christopher Eccleston , every year . )
" It has n't just allowed for the lead actor to be changed , it 's allowed for the monsters to be changed and the companion to be changed . "
And as you 've no doubt heard , the TARDIS , the Doctor 's time - traveling dimensionally transcendent phone booth , has also been revamped , both inside and out .
( Second link is spoilery . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
And there 's a new title sequence , which we 'll see for the first time on Saturday ( if you 're in the U.K. or at Wondercon . )
Willis says it's
in the same vein as it has been the last few years .
The music is , I think , better and more exciting .
It 's still coming from the same place .
We wanted it to feel more organic and more real and more tangible than it has [ felt ] ...
We wanted something that you could feel like you could reach out and touch , that felt completely real .
We [ also ] wanted the TARDIS to go on a slightly more dangerous journey through the vortex .
Advertisement
There 's also a new sonic screwdriver , which Matt Smith showed off on Jonathan Ross — commenter ID Variation uploaded this great closeup of it in action , while Smith showed off his practice hand - twirl .
" Our amazing designer , Edward Thomas , was responsible for designing it , and it does appear in a lovely way in the first episode , " Willis says .
" I 've spent the past few days on a tour bus with [ Smith ] , and the sonic has always been at his side , and he plays with it and uses it almost literally like a third hand . "
Advertisement
But the overall look of the show is also going to change , says Willis .
" We 're using a more up - to date camera , more up - to - date CGI .
It just looks like it 's been revamped for 2010 . "
The show moved to high - definition for 2009's one - off specials starring David Tennant , but Willis made it sound as though the cameras will be even slightly more next - generation this time around .
In general , Willis and Wenger wanted to do justice to new showrunner Steven Moffat 's clever , sophisticated scripts .
They were huge fans of the show 's look under Julie Gardner and Russell T. Davies , but felt a responsibility to keep updating it .
" And if we had to revamp it , what we would do is bring in the most sophisticated directors we could find , and use the most sophisticated cameras , and make the camera - work just a tiny bit more crystal , and make it a little bit more adult .
The primary colors and the bright lighting had been a very familiar feature of it for the past few years , and I think it works brilliantly , and I guess the question was , will that work brilliantly for another five years ? "
Advertisement
So instead of bright primary colors , the new produciton team decided to go with a slightly different color pallette .
" I think the later Harry Potter films and Twilight were an influence in some of the changes we 've made , " Willis says .
( Note to Twilight - haters :
She 's not saying it will be like Twilight , just that the look of Twilight influenced it . )
Advertisement
Adds Willis , " Steven 's writing is slightly more fairy tale , and we 've always talked about it being a dark fairy tale , [ full of ] magical forests with light twinkling in the trees .
We 've just tried to bring more ideas to the table , with quite an organic approach to it . "
With everything else changing , a change to the show 's look seemed " opportune , " she added .
And yes , that means none of the show 's veteran directors will be back — no Euros Lyn , and no Graeme Harper , who 'd directed classic series episodes like " The Caves Of Androzani " as well as all the Cybermen episodes of the new series ' second season .
Says Willis ,
For no particular reason , we have n't had any of the new Who directors this year .
It 's been an entirely new crew of directors .
And we brought in new directors of photography for each block of two episodes , so the look changes every two weeks .
So when you do have the same camera - man on every week , you inevitably are going to have a uniform look .
We wanted to challenge very experienced people to make that [ particular ] episode the best .
So as a result , we 're going to raise the bar .
Advertisement
You already glimpsed a bit of how breathtaking the series is going to look , with the opening sequence of the season premiere , in which — minor spoiler alert — the TARDIS flies over London .
Willis says the production team hired a helicopter and flew over London at night .
It was actually at Christmas , and there was " thick , thick snow .
You can't see the snow in the images , but it makes London sparkle .
We got nearer to Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament and the Thames than helicopter filming is [ normally ] allowed to go .
We swooped over Big Ben extremely close . "
More sophisticated storytelling :
The show actually suffered a bit of a budget cut going into the fifth season , but Willis says it does n't matter because the producers have the best special effect of all : Steven Moffat 's writing .
Moffat , says Willis , is " obsessed with plot and mystery , and allowing the audience to try and work out what 's going on , and always being one step ahead of them .
Things like that do n't require endless money .
It 's not just about spaceships in the sky .
It 's about brilliant plotting and brilliant characterization . "
Advertisement
( We 're hoping to have another interview with Moffat himself within the next couple of weeks , before the new Who premieres on BBC America .
We did speak to him one - on - one at Comic Con 2008 . )
Advertisement
Moffat , of course , was in the middle of working on the Tintin movie with Steven Spielberg and Peter Jackson , when he left to do Doctor Who , and Willis says Spielberg approved of that decision because Doctor Who was such a great institution and needs to continue being amazing .
Advertisement
With Moffat 's more sophisticated writing , and a decision to update the look of the show to make it slightly more grown - up , does Willis worry that the next generation of five - to - eight - year - olds wo n't find the series ?
" No , because I think children are sophisticated , and they do n't need to be talked down to .
And I think the fact that young kids read things like the Harry Potter books , which are 900 pages long , shows you the kind of thing they are able to enjoy . "
Children can keep up with even the cleverest plots on Doctor Who , as long as the story 's good and the characters are engaging , she adds .
Actor Paterson Joseph , who played the Marquis de Carabas in Neverwhere and currently stars in The Survivors , has said in interviews lately that he was seriously in the running to play the Eleventh Doctor .
So we had to ask why Matt Smith was chosen over Joseph .
Actually , says Willis , it 's not accurate to say that Smith was chosen over Joseph — " a lot of people were seen , and Paterson Joseph was a fantastic actor . "
Some other great actors came in to read for the part , she adds .
" Matt , who is only 27 years old , came in with this young face , but when he spoke and he said Steven Moffat 's lines , he had a depth ... somewhere , you believe there really is a 900 - year - old man inside .
He is a phenomenal actor .
He has blown us away this series — he is the Doctor , without a doubt . "
Advertisement
When she mentioned the 900 - year - old thing , we were curious — does anybody at the BBC keep track of the Doctor 's age ?
Is this a number that 's supposed to go up over time — like , say , Star Trek 's Stardates ?
Says Willis ,
I think Steven 's view , which is absolutely right , is that if you 're that old , you 're going to lose track .
For someone who has no concept of which way time works , because he 's always flitting back and forth , having years in a normal way is completely alien to him .
There 's a line in one of the episodes , where he 's waiting for something happen , and he says , " Is this how time moves normally ?
It 's so boring . "
The idea that he would be able to keep track after year 850 is ridiculous .
Advertisement
Magazine scan images via BlogtorWho .
Heron of Alexandria
Hero ( or Heron ) of Alexandria ( Greek : Ἥρων ὁ Ἀλεξανδρεύ ς ) ( c. 10 –70 AD ) was an ancient Greek mathematician and engineer who was active in his native city of Alexandria , Roman Egypt .
He is considered the greatest experimenter of antiquity and his work is representative of the Hellenistic scientific tradition .
Hero published a well recognized description of a steam - powered device called an aeolipile ( hence sometimes called a " Hero engine " ) .
Among his most famous inventions was a windwheel , constituting the earliest instance of wind harnessing on land .
He is said to have been a follower of the Atomists .
Some of his ideas were derived from the works of Ctesibius .
Much of Hero 's original writings and designs have been lost , but some of his works were preserved in Arab manuscripts .
Career
A number of references mention dates around 150 BC , but these are inconsistent with the dates of his publications and inventions .
This may be due to a misinterpretation of the phrase " first century " or because Hero was a common name .
It is almost certain that Hero taught at the Musaeum which included the famous Library of Alexandria , because most of his writings appear as lecture notes for courses in mathematics , mechanics , physics and pneumatics .
Although the field was not formalized until the 20th century , it is thought that the work of Hero , his automated devices in particular , represents some of the first formal research into cybernetics .
Inventions
Heron described construction of the aeolipile ( a version of which is known as Hero's engine ) which was a rocket - like reaction engine and the first - recorded steam engine ( although Vitruvius mentioned the aeolipile in De Architectura some 100 years earlier than Hero ) .
It was created almost two millennia before the industrial revolution .
Another engine used air from a closed chamber heated by an altar fire to displace water from a sealed vessel ; the water was collected and its weight , pulling on a rope , opened temple doors .
[ 8 ]
Some historians have conflated the two inventions to assert that the aeolipile was capable of useful work .
The first vending machine was also one of his constructions , when a coin was introduced via a slot on the top of the machine , a set amount of holy water was dispensed .
This was included in his list of inventions in his book , " Mechanics and Optics " .
When the coin was deposited , it fell upon a pan attached to a lever .
The lever opened up a valve which let some water flow out .
The pan continued to tilt with the weight of the coin until it fell off , at which point a counter - weight would snap the lever back up and turn off the valve .
A windwheel operating an organ , marking the first instance of wind powering a machine in history .
Hero also invented many mechanisms for the Greek theater , including an entirely mechanical play almost ten minutes in length , powered by a binary - like system of ropes , knots , and simple machines operated by a rotating cylindrical cogwheel .
The sound of thunder was produced by the mechanically - timed dropping of metal balls onto a hidden drum .
The force pump was widely used in the Roman world , and one application was in a fire - engine .
A syringe - like device was described by Heron to control the delivery of air or liquids .
In optics , Hero formulated the Principle of the Shortest Path of Light :
If a ray of light propagates from point A to point B within the same medium , the path - length followed is the shortest possible .
It was nearly 1000 years later that Alhacen expanded the principle to both reflection and refraction , and the principle was later stated in this form by Pierre de Fermat in 1662 ; the most modern form is that the path is at an extremum .
A standalone fountain that operates under self - contained hydrostatic energy .
( Heron 's fountain )
A programmable cart that was powered by a falling weight .
The " program " consisted of strings wrapped around the drive axle .
Mathematics
Hero described a method of iteratively computing the square root .
Today , though , his name is most closely associated with Heron 's Formula for finding the area of a triangle from its side lengths .
The imaginary number , or imaginary unit , is also noted to have been first observed by Hero while calculating the volume of a pyramidal frustum .
Bibliography
The most comprehensive edition of Hero 's works was published in 5 volumes in Leipzig by the publishing house Teubner in 1903 .
Works known to be written by Heron :
Pneumatica , a description of machines working on air , steam or water pressure , including the hydraulis or water organ .
, a description of machines working on air , steam or water pressure , including the or water organ .
Automata , a description of machines which enable wonders in temples by mechanical or pneumatical means ( e.g. automatic opening or closing of temple doors , statues that pour wine , etc. ) .
See Automaton .
, a description of machines which enable wonders in temples by mechanical or pneumatical means ( e.g. automatic opening or closing of temple doors , statues that pour wine , etc. ) .
See Automaton .
Mechanica , preserved only in Arabic , written for architects , containing means to lift heavy objects .
, preserved only in Arabic , written for architects , containing means to lift heavy objects .
Metrica , a description of how to calculate surfaces and volumes of diverse objects .
, a description of how to calculate surfaces and volumes of diverse objects .
On the Dioptra , a collection of methods to measure lengths .
In this work the odometer and the dioptra , an apparatus which resembles the theodolite , are described .
, a collection of methods to measure lengths .
In this work the odometer and the dioptra , an apparatus which resembles the theodolite , are described .
Belopoeica , a description of war machines .
, a description of war machines .
Catoptrica , about the progression of light , reflection and the use of mirrors .
Works which have sometimes been attributed to Hero , but are now thought to have most likely been written by someone else :
Geometria , a collection of equations based on the first chapter of Metrica .
, a collection of equations based on the first chapter of .
Stereometrica , examples of three dimensional calculations based on the second chapter of Metrica .
, examples of three dimensional calculations based on the second chapter of .
Mensurae , tools which can be used to conduct measurements based on Stereometrica and Metrica .
, tools which can be used to conduct measurements based on and .
Cheiroballistra , about catapults .
, about catapults .
Definitiones , containing definitions of terms for geometry .
Works which are preserved only in fragments :
Geodesia
Geoponica
Latest paper on Hero :
Schellenberg , H.M. : Anmerkungen zu Hero von Alexandria und seinem Werk über den Geschützbau , in : Schellenberg , H.M. / Hirschmann , V.E. / Krieckhaus , A.( edd. ) : A Roman Miscellany .
Essays in Honour of Anthony R. Birley on his Seventieth Birthday , Gdansk 2008 , 92-130 ( with a huge bibliography of over 300 titles and discussion of the communis opinio on Hero ) .
Published under CC BY - SA 3.0 - Source : en.wikipedia.org
New Zealand 281 for 8 ( Taylor 70 , Styris 49 * ) beat Australia 275 for 8 ( Hussey 59 , Tuffey 3 - 58 ) by two wickets
Scorecard and ball - by - ball details
How they were out
Scott Styris is thrilled after hitting the winning runs Getty Images
Scott Styris went from probable 12th man to match - winner after guiding New Zealand to a two - wicket victory in a tense chase of 276 in Napier .
Styris began the day outside New Zealand 's starting XI but was called in late due to Daniel Vettori 's stiff neck , and the inclusion helped Ross Taylor start his international captaincy career on a high .
Styris sealed the win with a six over long - off from the second ball of the 50th over from Doug Bollinger and finished unbeaten on 49 from 34 deliveries .
He roared as the ball sailed over the boundary and was pumped up after he and Mitchell Johnson appeared to clash head and helmet in the 46th over , in which Styris slogged two boundaries .
He and Shane Bond had combined for a 35 - run stand that meant Jacob Oram did not have to bat after suffering a potentially serious injury to his left knee in the field .
Although it was Styris who saw the chase home from No. 7 , fittingly it was the fill - in captain Taylor who had put New Zealand in a winning position with his 70 from 71 deliveries .
He woke up on match day unaware he was about to lead his country for the first time and by the end of the evening had a 100 % winning record .
The late withdrawal of Vettori had the potential to ruin New Zealand 's victory chances .
He is their captain , a selector , their best bowler , an important lower - order batsman and in his spare time probably maintains the New Zealand Cricket website .
But New Zealand showed that Australia , who made seven changes from Sunday 's Twenty20 side , were not the only squad with depth .
Daryl Tuffey bowled well , James Franklin stepped up as a bowler in Oram 's absence , Peter Ingram gave them a good start to the chase and Styris did the rest .
There were also the expected contributions from Taylor , Bond and Brendon McCullum .
The key to New Zealand 's chase was getting a strong start and a 75 - run opening stand from McCullum and Ingram fulfilled that requirement .
McCullum looked set to continue the form he showed on Sunday when he posted a Twenty20 century .
He took to Bollinger early and flicked short balls comfortably off his hip behind square , and drove with supreme power through the off side .
Ingram ( 40 ) began in scratchy fashion and for a while looked outclassed , until he got a few away off the middle of the bat through the off side against Ryan Harris .
Eventually Ingram tried to lift Johnson over mid-off only to see Michael Hussey sprint back to take a wonderful catch with the flight of the ball .
Bollinger was understandably elated when he cramped McCullum and drew an inside edge onto his stumps for 45 from 43 deliveries .
From there , Taylor 's confidence and Styris ' calmness finished the job , albeit in tighter fashion than they hoped .
Taylor was aiming to be there at the end but his departure , caught at deep midwicket off Shane Watson , gave Australia a sniff .
In the finish , it was n't enough to save Australia from their first defeat in their past 14 one - day internationals .
They were punished for posting a below - par 275 for 8 on one of the best batting surfaces they had seen .
The visitors needed to capitalise on the enticing combination of a wonderful pitch and the absence of Vettori .
On paper , their score probably looked impressive but the lowest first - innings total in the past six years and ten ODIs is 273 , which Australia barely scraped past despite a blazing start that threatened a score well in excess of 300 .
Watson seemed to think the Twenty20 series was still going as he struck 14 from the opening over off Tim Southee and dented a green plastic seat in the stands with a powerful pull for six off Bond .
Australia reached 50 in the sixth over but things slowed significantly when Watson lifted Oram to deep midwicket and was well taken by Ingram for 45 off 31 balls .
From there , it was more a gradual climb than an all - out assault and New Zealand 's seam - only attack did well to vary their tactics and pick up regular wickets .
Ricky Ponting looked set to anchor the innings until on 44 he failed to adjust to Franklin 's slower ball and drove to short cover , where Martin Guptill took a sharp one - handed catch .
Michael Clarke ( 22 ) was surprised by a snorting bouncer from Tuffey and fended an edge behind , and the bowler also collected Cameron White for 33 with a delivery that jagged back and took the off stump .
Perhaps only Elizabeth Taylor could match Australia for sheer number of partnerships cut down in their prime .
It was n't until Hussey ( 59 ) and James Hopes ( 33 ) came together that Australia found another half - century stand to follow the 50 compiled by the openers Watson and Brad Haddin .
Their 72 - run combination pushed Australia to a competitive , if slightly underwhelming total that was boosted by a few late boundaries from Johnson .
The only negative for New Zealand in the field was the injury to Oram , who was helped from the ground after what looked like an innocuous incident .
He jogged in from mid-off to collect a ball but something clearly twinged in his left knee and he slumped to the turf in pain .
Luckily for New Zealand , he did n't need to hobble to the crease to bat .
The most vigorous Android adopters on the manufacturing side have been HTC , Motorola and now Samsung .
Sony Ericsson tried to get onboard awhile back but seem to be paddling themselves in circles , while LG has only released / announced a couple Android phones ( LG Eve , LG Swift ) – all on the lower end side of things .
The rumored LG Aloha seeks to break that trend .
A recent User Agent Profile combined with a Wi -Fi certificate for the LG C710 ( PDF ) give us more than enough evidence to think the LG Aloha is for real .
That is n’t necessarily saying it will come to fruition , but if it does , it could include :
800×480 Pixel touchscreen
65,000 color display
WiFi 802.11b/g/n
GPRS , UMTS , HSDPA and HSUPA
The kicker here is that while all the high - end Androids rolling out after the Motorola Droid are full touchscreen ( Desire , EVO 4G , Galaxy S , Incredible , Nexus One , Xperia X10 ) the LG Aloha is rumored to have a full QWERTY keyboard .
Personally , we would welcome LG into the realm of higher - end Androids , and hopefully that full QWERTY is remniscient of the LG Voyager .
Yes , please .
[ Via Tweakers ]
2010 U18 WJC : Team Russia finishes without medals ( Photo © fhr.ru )
After the defeat against Team Sweden in the 2010 U18 WJC semifinals , Team Russia lost the third place to Finland losing the bronze medal game 5 - 1 .
Team Finland got the lead only during the second period with a goal by Teemu Pulkkinen , then in the third period they scored four unanswered goals ( with Pulkkinen getting the hat trick ) to get a five goals lead .
Team Russia lost the nerves and at the 57th minute a fight broke out and six players were sent off , three for Finland , Hovinen , Partanen and Moisio , while for Russia Nikita Nesterov , Zakhar Arzamastsev and Maxim Shalunov .
On the 58th minute team Russia scored the consolation goal with Emil Galimov .
“ I have no claims toward players ” , declared team Russia ’s head coach Mikhail Vasiliev , who once again iced 15 - years old Andrei Vasilevski between the pipes .
Team USA won their second straight Gold Medal after defeating Team Sweden 3 - 1 in the April 23rd final .
Team Russia captain Evgeny Kuznetsov has been included into the tournament ’s All - Star team .
Gendercide : China 's shameful massacre of unborn girls means there will soon be 30 m more men than women
In the cruel old China , baby girls were often left to die in the gutters .
In the cruel modern China , they are aborted by the tens of millions , using all the latest technology .
There is an ugly new word for this mass slaughter : gendercide .
Thanks to a state policy which has limited many families to one child since 1979 , combined with an ancient and ruthless prejudice in favour of sons , the world 's new superpower is beginning the century of its supremacy with an alarming surplus of males .
A Danzhou classroom where the boys far outnumber girls
By the year 2020 , there will be 30 million more men than women of marriageable age in this giant empire , so large and so different ( its current population is 1,336,410,000 ) that it often feels more like a separate planet than just another country .
Nothing like this has ever happened to any civilisation before .
The nearest we can come to it is the sad shortage of men after the First World War in Britain , France , Russia and Germany , and the many women denied the chance of family life and motherhood as a result .
It is possible that the effects of that imbalance are still with us , in the shape of the radical feminist movement which found ready recruits among the husbandless teachers and other professionals of the Twenties and Thirties .
But men without women are altogether more troublesome than women without men , especially when they are young .
All kinds of speculation is now seething about what might happen ; a war to cull the surplus males , a rise in crime , a huge expansion in the prostitution that is already a major industry in every Chinese city , a rise in homosexuality .
Girl talk : Peter Hitchens in a suburb of Kunming which is a hot - spot for child abductions in China
Three things are for sure .
It can not now be prevented , and it is already beginning to be obvious in the schools .
It is also stimulating a miserable trade in stolen children .
The Chinese state , never having intended this result and increasingly alarmed by it , is now using all its huge propaganda resources to try to stop the slaughter of unborn girls .
But it will be hard to fight against the cold hard prejudice in favour of sons and against daughters , rooted in a prehistoric belief that sons will care for their aged parents while daughters will cost money in dowries , and desert to the families into which they marry .
These problems were starkly obvious when I visited the country districts around the medium - sized city of Danzhou , among the rubber and sugar plantations of sub-tropical Hainan Island .
I visited several state comprehensive schools , primary and secondary , in Danzhou and in the nearby countryside .
These were not official visits , nothing had been prearranged , and European foreigners are so rare in this part of China that the children ( and often their friendly teachers too ) were enthralled to see that the Europeans they call ' long - noses ' really do live up to the name .
But as the children stared and chattered and giggled - and pulled at their own little noses to make fun of my enormous one - I quietly counted them , while my colleague Richard photographed them .
And in every cheerful classroom there was a slightly sinister shortage of girls , as if we had wandered into some sort of science fiction fantasy .
We had come to this region because of rumours that it has the most startling ratio of boys to girls in the country .
One academic source has suggested there could be a ratio of 168 males for every 100 girls in Danzhou .
Parents tie their children to posts to stop them being stolen
Something is clearly out of kilter .
In one class of ten - year - olds , only 20 out of 80 were girls .
In another classroom , it was 25 out of 63 .
It is possible that some girls were being kept away from school because their parents did not think it worth sending them , but even so , the inequality was enormous and perplexing .
What made it more disturbing was the way teachers accepted there was a mismatch , but refused to talk about how this could have come about .
One school principal simply would not discuss the matter .
There was a strong sense that I was breaking a taboo by asking .
In a village primary school outside Danzhou , so remote that the staff live behind the school building in a dormitory and keep their own chickens , the gap was not quite so obvious .
But an unusually talkative teacher reckoned that in this small place there was a 60 - 40 ratio of boys to girls .
He laughed and said : ' The state is always taking measures to try to persuade people to have daughters .
But the people have their own countermeasures . '
Safety first : A market worker in Kunming keeps her baby close to her at all times
All over this district , the evidence of government concern is on display .
A 20 - yard - long propaganda poster in one tiny hamlet dwells sternly and very frankly on the problem , declaring : ' Our current family planning policy is this , " Pay attention to the issue of gender imbalance . " '
It quotes a recent national census showing a growing imbalance and predicts : ' In 2040 there will be 300 million men and 250 million women under 40 .
At least 30 million men will have difficulty getting married .
This will cause " elements of instability " and hinder economic growth .
The harm caused by this imbalance could include disintegration of families , high divorce rates , " sex offences " and distortion of the birth rate . '
The poster , astonishingly candid in a country where critical journalism and dissent are still suppressed with all the force of the state , is sadly lame when it comes to suggesting what to do .
It calls for ' action to care for girls ' and then sets out four vague and wordy slogans which can be summed up as ' girls are good ' .
And so they keep saying .
As we travelled around the countryside , it was interesting to see that the traditional Chinese rural propaganda - charmingly naive tiled pictures calling for one - child families , until recently an inescapable feature of the country 's rural landscape , often on every corner and at any crossroads - had recently disappeared , or been covered up .
The message remains but it has been altered , although some old slogans , such as ' fewer births , better births ' , remain .
There are also financial inducements , important to parents who have traditionally seen a big family as the only promise of security in old age .
' You are only a girl .
You are spilt water ' :
This cold , dismissive expression is universally used about unwanted daughters - and to their faces
In one model village , a neat concrete communist idea of what rural life should be like , with its own clinic and school , there is a poster advertising benefits of £ 8 per month and easier access to good schools for parents who stick to one child , as well as large compensation payments by Chinese standards ( around £ 5,000 ) if an only child dies .
But a painted slogan also discourages the abortion of unborn girls that everyone knows is going on despite laws which - in theory - ban the use of scans to check the sex of the child , and punish selective abortions .
In red lettering on the village hall are the optimistic words : ' Boy or Girl ?
Let Nature decide . '
And huge new billboards stand at key points throughout the district .
They show idealised young families : a single daughter accompanies her parents , her arms affectionately outstretched amid fields of flowers .
And they carry such slogans as ' Caring for girls is caring for the future of our nation ! ' or ' Times have changed !
Boys and girls are the same !' and ' Boys and girls are both treasures ' .
In a scruffy roadside cafe next to one of these giant placards a farmer from a rubber plantation muttered mutinously : ' That 's all very well , but they 're not the same really , and you want to be sure what it is before you have it , if you only have one child . '
Classrooms are full of the ghosts of all those girls who were never born
In fact , in country districts couples whose first child is a daughter are usually permitted a second chance .
However , they take elaborate steps to make sure that the second child is a boy .
But this is not just a rural problem , and it is already having some very nasty side - effects on China 's urban poor .
From Hainan
I travelled north - west to Kunming , an outwardly civilised university city of six million people , 6,000 ft up on a high plateau .
There I asked a Chinese friend ( let us call her Yuan Quan ) to visit some abortion clinics for me , to see what was going on in them .
These legal clinics are openly advertised in the narrow , poor and dirty streets of Kunming 's inner city , where grubby children play under the watchful eyes of their mothers ( we shall see why they are watchful in a moment ) .
There is also a police presence , but it far too often takes the form of a strange black plastic Robocop figure , which can be used like an old - fashioned British police box to call for help .
One of the many posters for medical services advertised what it called a ' dream abortion - totally painless ' , which made me wonder what the considerably cheaper non-dream versions must be like .
Failed Utopia : A poster advocates the one - child family in Danzhou
Yuan Quan slipped into a busy down - market establishment in a grim and basic part of town , with a flourishing market for stolen bicycles just outside , and the police looking the other way .
She asked the abortionist if he ever aborted boys .
He gaped .
' Are you mad ? ' he almost shouted , ' Nobody aborts boys unless they are deformed .
Girls are what we abort . '
This cheap and squalid storefront business offers abortions from around £ 10 .
Scans , which reveal a baby 's sex , cost a fiver .
True , this is a rough neighbourhood , but similar businesses flourish in more respectable districts as well .
They usually start from £ 20 , while supposedly painless procedures can go up to about £ 200 .
The authorities , who have no moral objection to abortion itself , have been known to force women to have abortions in their ninth month of pregnancy to keep to the one - child policy .
They cannot really complain about the huge numbers of legal , commercial abortionists .
Nor can they do much to ban the cheap portable scanning machines which detect the sex of the baby and condemn so many unborn girls to death .
Once you know more about China 's attitude to girls , it is surprising that so many survive .
Yuan Quan told me of her own experience : ' When I was a little girl my grandparents doted on me , and gave me generous presents .
I was their first and only grandchild .
But when my aunt had a son , it all stopped .
' The presents got much smaller and the fuss died away .
My male cousin got all the attention .
There was no pretence about it .
They would always have much preferred a boy , and now they had one .
' They said to me , " You are only a girl .
You are spilt water . " '
This cold , dismissive expression is universally used about unwanted daughters - and to their faces .
These were educated , urban people .
Imagine , then , how much coarser and more brutal the attitude is in the villages or among the sweatshops where the poor and uneducated gather .
Only a century ago , historians recorded that such sayings as ' There is no thief like a family with five daughters ' and ' Daughters are goods which lose you money ' were common among Chinese peasants .
Parents in those disease threatened times would often dress little boys as girls in the hope of deceiving the angel of death as it passed over their village .
All this has survived into the 21st Century , and is now combined with a government which puts frightening pressure on every couple to keep to just one child .
China 's civilisation might be 3,000 years old , but it is very different from ours , as we shall learn in more detail over the coming decades .
In Kunming I saw another of China 's harsh faces .
You may have seen pictures of children in cages , or tethered to posts , and gasped at the cruelty .
But you did not know the half of it .
Their seemingly brutal parents are in fact trying to prevent their children from being stolen .
Boys are kidnapped by families who want a male heir and do not care where they get him .
Girls are taken to be brought up as child brides for cherished , spoiled boys , who will not have to worry about the increasing shortage of girls .
This danger is one that China 's censored state prefers not to talk about .
When I arranged a meeting with the parents of four abducted children in Kunming , I was advised to speak only to the fathers .
Danzhou on Hainan Island is the epicentre of China 's gender imbalance problem
The mothers , I was warned , would become too emotional and might draw attention to our meeting .
And that had to be avoided in case the parents were prevented by the authorities from attending .
They feared that our meeting might even be raided by the police , and were deeply nervous the whole time I spoke to them , in the private room of a back - street tea - house .
Chinese local authorities fight hard to keep news of their failures out of the foreign Press .
They even chase after citizens who go to Peking to complain about their treatment , or to petition for help .
Parents who had put up posters begging for news of their stolen children were shocked to find that officials immediately snatched them from walls .
On June 1 last year , International Children 's Day , dozens of Kunming parents held up posters in a central square , advertising their missing children .
City officials told them to take down the posters and disperse because they were ' defacing the city with unsightly material ' .
Here are the stories of the parents who talked to me .
Xiong Fu Ping , ( like all the men I spoke to , he is 36 ) lost his son Xiong Ting - Lei when the boy was 16 months old : ' One minute he was playing outside our house and the next he was gone . '
Neighbours said a woman had driven the child away in her car .
Xiong Fu Ping has already spent nearly half the family 's income , which is just £ 80 a month , on posters and advertisements for the missing boy .
Li Fa Ming lost his two - and - a - halfyearold little girl Xiang Xiang ( the name means ' One I long for ' ) .
Her mother was looking after their sick son when Xiang went out to buy an ice - lolly a few yards away .
She did not come back .
Li Fa Ming said : ' The police never contacted us after we reported it .
Now it is very hard to get hold of them .
We roamed the city , putting up posters , took out advertisements , followed rumours , travelled to cities 1,000 miles away when we heard stories of people selling abducted children , but we found nothing , and were sometimes beaten up because the people we were dealing with were criminal types .
' I had a son and a daughter : what we call " a dragon and a phoenix " , the ideal , perfect thing .
Now that family is broken and there is nothing you can do to bring it back . '
Yuan Ying
Shu's two - and - a- halfyearold daughter Yuan Ming was abducted a year ago .
The police were alerted only 20 minutes after the child disappeared while playing outside , but no clue was ever found .
They , too , have been following rumours , getting nowhere .
Pan Ding
De actually has six children , an amazing breach of the rules which he has got away with by living ' off the grid ' and constantly moving from one city to another : a ruse used by many who want traditional big families .
His 20 - month - old son Zhi vanished last September .
The police have advised the family not to advertise their loss , in case they attract the attention of confidence trickster .
All those I spoke to are miserable and demoralised , afraid that their children are being used for criminal purposes .
Li Fa Ming said : ' The meaning has gone from our lives , I have one child remaining , he is 18 months old , and I will tell him when he grows up that he must never stop searching for his sister .
I will never stop .
The feeling of losing a child like this is beyond words .
' The police , of course , say they are looking , but they have seen so many of these cases they are numb .
This is the worst city in China for such abductions .
When it comes to keeping the lid on this , the government wants peace and quiet .
We are just going to have to keep doing this to get attention . '
But he quickly adds - and the others all anxiously join in , fearful of offending the authorities who rule their lives : ' I am sure the police are trying their best . '
I am not so sure myself .
Although there has been one recent case of a child being recovered by the Kunming police , China 's criminal gangs are powerful , and the police are often weak and sometimes corrupt .
Clans and whole villages can and do combine to shield child - thieves from the law because of the strong and ancient prejudices in favour of continuing the male line .
What lingers in the mind , in the midst of this surging economic and political titan with its dozens of vast , ultra - modern cities , its advanced plans to land men on the Moon , its utopian schemes to control population and its unstoppable power over the rest of the world , is the inconsolable misery of the bereft parents , the pinched squalor of the places where they must try to live a happy life , the jaunty wickedness of the cheap abortion clinics and the classrooms full of the ghosts of all those girls who were never born .
Whatever we have been used to and thought of as normal is coming to an end .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - A December cyberattack on Google Inc computers hit the company ’s password system that millions of people worldwide use to access almost all of the company ’s Web services , The New York Times said , citing a person with direct knowledge of the investigation .
The Google logo is seen on the top of its China headquarters building , behind a road surveillance camera in Beijing March 15 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jason Lee
The closely - guarded program is considered a crown jewel at Google , enabling users and employees to sign in with their password only once to operate various services including e-mail and business applications , the newspaper said in its April 20 edition .
Code - named Gaia for the Greek goddess of the earth , and still in use under the name Single Sign - On , the program was described publicly only once at a technical conference four years ago , the newspaper said .
The intruders do not appear to have stolen passwords of Gmail users , and Google quickly started to bolster security , the newspaper said .
But the theft leaves open a possibility , perhaps faint , that the intruders may find weaknesses that Google might not know about , the newspaper said , citing independent computer experts .
Google disclosed the hacking on January 12 , when on its website it reported having detected “ a highly sophisticated and targeted attack on our corporate infrastructure originating from China that resulted in the theft of intellectual property from Google . ”
The Mountain View , California - based company said the attack appeared to target Chinese human rights activists , and that only two Gmail accounts appeared to have been accessed .
“ We ’re not going to comment beyond our original blog post , ” Jay Nancarrow , a spokesman for Google , said on Monday night .
“ That remains our statement of record on the issue . ”
When it revealed the attack , Google said it would stop censoring search results on Google.cn .
In March , it closed its China - based Web search service and began redirecting users to an uncensored portal in Hong Kong .
That decision came amid heightened tensions between China and Washington , D.C .
Update , 9 pm PT : The US military has issued a statement on the massacre investigation ( 6.52 MB PDF ) .
An update on that video released earlier today by Wikileaks , which shows US occupying forces shooting and killing civilians — including two Reuters journalists — in Baghdad .
Wikileaks has released additional photographs and video that provide more background .
These include interviews with survivors of the attack : a widow and her two children ( left ) .
And , above , one of the last two photos taken by war photographer Namir Noor - Eldeen before he was shot by American airmen during the 2007 incident .
NYT item here .
" Lots of people are avoiding talking about the murderous attack on the van and the wounded ; and strawmanning camera / RPG confusion as the issue , " Wikileaks tweets .
The materials released just now address this issue .
Video after the jump .
The trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna will continue unchecked after the rejection yesterday of a proposed fishing ban that had been described by conservationists as the only way to save the critically endangered species from extinction .
Japan and Canada along with scores of developing nations succeeded yesterday in preventing any restrictions being imposed on the harvest of the fish , which is highly prized in sushi restaurants , on the grounds that a ban would devastate the world 's fishing economies .
Delegates at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species ( Cites ) in Doha voted by a margin of 68 to 20 against a proposal to immediately outlaw the sale of bluefin .
A weaker measure supported by the EU , which would have introduced a ban in 2011 , was also rejected by 72 votes to 43 .
The decision puts one of the world 's most majestic fish in imminent danger of extinction .
Stocks of bluefin , the largest and fastest of all tuna species , have declined to roughly 15 per cent of historic levels .
Migrating shoals of the fish , which grow to up to three metres in length and have been likened to underwater Ferraris , are plundered each year as they pass through the Straits of Gibraltar to spawn in the Mediterranean .
Their fatty flesh is much in demand in Japan , where good specimens can fetch tens of thousands of dollars .
A 500lb bluefin was auctioned for £ 111,000 on the Tokyo fish market two months ago , making it the most valuable fish ever sold .
The prices being paid for bluefin have added to the difficulties in controlling the trade .
France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Malta and Cyprus have for years blocked EU proposals to outlaw fishing in their territorial waters , while the Japanese have pledged to ignore any Cites ban that is imposed .
Yesterday 's proposed measure was thrown out when Libya , where many non-EU bluefin vessels are based , used an arcane procedural measure to limit the debate to just 90 minutes .
Under Cites rules , delegates were then forced to vote on new trade restrictions immediately .
" It is scandalous that governments did not even get the chance to engage in meaningful debate about the international trade ban proposal , " said Dr Sergi Tudela , a WWF fisheries scientist who was at the talks .
" It is now more important than ever for people to do what the politicians failed to do – stop consuming bluefin tuna . "
The fish 's delicate flesh has been prized since antiquity , and the Romans sent fleets of fishing boats into the Mediterranean in search of spawning shoals .
But technology has decimated bluefin populations , with aircraft and sonar devices now enabling trawlers to pinpoint individual fish .
After they are caught bluefin are often kept in saltwater cages , where they are continually fed to give their flesh the fatty texture prized by sushi chefs .
Attempts to breed the migratory species in captivity have failed .
In an interview with TV Squad Cross had this to say :
“ ( I ) t’s not going to happen , ” Cross told me the other day when I spoke to him about his new stand - up special , ‘ David Cross : Bigger and Blackerer , ’ which premieres on the new cable channel Epix on Saturday ( Friday night ) at midnight ET .
“ Way too much time it ’s been ( since the show ended ) , ” he told me .
“ I mean , there ’s so many people involved .
Everyone ’s doing their own thing , you know .
And everybody ’s aged .
It ’s just not going to happen .
I ’m sure I speak for everybody when I say we ’d love for it to happen , we ’d love to work on it , but just I do n’t think … not going to happen . ”
I ’m sure anyone reading a story about Arrested Development already knows this , but David Cross played Tobias Fünke on the cult hit that lasted only 3 seasons despite being loved by critics and anyone with a functioning brain and sense of humor .
The movie has been talked about since the show got canceled but nothing ever comes of it .
As much as I ’d like to see an Arrested Development movie , at this point I ’d just like to know for sure one way or the other .
Shit or get off the pot people .
You are upsetting all the diehard fanboys .
It was difficult not to make religious analogies on Sunday morning as I joined 2500 other atheists streaming into the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre for The Rise of Atheism : the 2010 Global Atheist Convention .
Being a secular , literate city made Melbourne a safe choice to first take the Atheist Convention outside of the US .
I saw only three protesters , despite a number of publicised church - based counter - gatherings .
Many participants came looking for techniques to discuss atheism with religious family , friends and door - knockers .
Others sought like - minded people , and some came questioning their own position , preferring to describe themselves as agnostic .
Even atheist poster boy Richard Dawkins , on a scale of 1 ( believes in god ) to 7 ( atheist ) describes himself as a 6.9 .
It is difficult to organise any group under the umbrella of non-belief , but the Atheist Alliance International and the Atheist Foundation of Australia , convention hosts , achieved just that .
The terms freethinker , humanist and rationalist were also frequently heard , used to alter the emphasis from being " against " theism and instead " for " scientific reasoning and logical thought .
Churches are social groups for many people , which is something atheists do not have , hence the popularity of this event which sold out six weeks in advance .
Many small atheist groups were in attendance , raising their profile among the largest group of like - minded people ever gathered in Australia .
Several speakers commented that they had never addressed such a large group of atheists before , and there were a far greater range of topics presented than many expected .
A question put to many attendees before the convention was , " But what can you possibly have to talk about ?
Nothing ? "
The presenters shared some truly horrific stories of things done in the name of God or as part of some religious organisation , but the overall effort was not to paint all religions as always forces for bad .
Much was made of the charitable works religious organisations do , but then , alternatives were presented .
Charitable works do not need a veil of the supernatural in order to be effective , and you should not need a god looking over your shoulder , monitoring how much you are donating to disaster relief or to alleviate poverty .
Peter Singer in particular talked about the evolutionary imperatives for fairness and for rendering aid .
It was not all serious discussion over the weekend .
A lot of care had gone into the event to make the The Rise of Atheism a positive experience .
There were comedians , and some wag had prepared a themed playlist to play in the background between sessions , including " Superstition " and songs from They Might Be Giants ' " Here Comes Science " .
Evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins closed the convention with a discussion on the probability of our existence , the luck of individual existence , gratitude , evolution and the illusion of design .
This is potentially very dry and difficult subject matter yet Dawkins , known for his showmanship , conducted the audience skillfully through his argument .
True , he was unable to mention the words god or creationism without trying to making the audience laugh , usually by the use of crude puns , but this is basic psychology and it is why he is so popular among atheists and why he received a standing ovation at the end of his talk .
However , when a Christian stood up to ask a question of Dawkins , there was a vibe not only of hostility , but impatience and frustration – even a sense of violation , as no one expected anyone with honest - to - god beliefs to pay the not - inconsiderate ticket price to learn about atheism .
This was a great shame .
Part of the challenge of atheism is extending our visibility and educating theists on rational thought .
Continuing to play to the stereotype of being scary and intolerant will not help anyone .
Atheists need to develop a reputation for patience and approachability .
" Out " atheists are a tiny minority , and public figures even fewer .
As Dawkins said in answering a question of how to critique Islam without fear of reprisal , " We will not provoke you .
Not out of respect for your beliefs , but out of fear . "
A reputation like that is the last thing atheism needs .
Richard Dawkins took on God in his last book , The God Delusion .
His latest work has a slightly smaller , if closely related target .
The Greatest Show on Earth sums up the evidence for the fact of evolution .
Of course Dawkins the atheist would say God is no target at all .
In The God Delusion he had religious believers in his sights , and he's now on the offensive against a significant subsection of them - those who promote creationism or so - called ' Intelligent Design ' .
No doubt he 'll be as uncompromising , provocative and controversial as always when he speaks at Sydney Opera House at 2 pm this Sunday , March 7 .
If you can't be there you can watch live on the The Sydney Morning Herald website here : http://bit.ly/dawkinssoh
( but do n't try the link until Sunday because it wo n't work until then ) .
A top media rights watchdog has listed Australia along with Iran and North Korea in a report published on countries that pose a threat of internet censorship .
Paris - based media rights group Reporters Without Borders ( RSF ) put Australia and South Korea on its list of countries " under surveillance " in its Internet Enemies report .
Australia was listed for the Federal Government 's plan to block access to websites featuring material such as rape , drug use , bestiality and child sex abuse .
Critics say the plan is a misguided measure that will harm civil liberties .
In South Korea , the RSF report added , " draconian laws are creating too many specific restrictions on web users by challenging their anonymity and promoting self - censorship . "
" These countries are worrying us because they have measures that could have repercussions for freedom of expression on the internet , " RSF secretary general Jean - Francois Julliard said at an internet rights award ceremony .
Russia and Turkey were also added to the watchlist , which is a category below RSF 's top " Enemies of the Internet " , the countries it considers the 12 worst web freedom violators .
These include Saudi Arabia , Burma , China , North Korea , Iran and Vietnam .
" The world 's largest netizen prison is in China , which is far out ahead of other countries with 72 detainees , followed by Vietnam and then by Iran , which have all launched waves of brutal attacks on websites in recent months , " RSF 's report said .
A senior manager of US internet giant Google , David Drummond , said there was an " alarming trend " of government interference in online freedom , not only in countries that are judged to have poor human rights records .
He cited Australia 's plans as an example , saying that there " the wide scope of content prohibited could include socially and politically controversial material . "
The Australian case " is an example of where these benign intentions can result in the spectre of true censorship , " he added , speaking at Thursday 's ceremony .
" Here in Europe , even in France , at this very moment , some are tempted by this slippery path of network filtering . "
- AFP
David Cameron is to dispatch the most senior gay member of his frontbench team to Poland to encourage the Tories ' rightwing allies in the European parliament to abandon their homophobic views .
In a move designed to defuse criticism in tonight 's leaders ' television debate that the Tories have allied themselves with extremists in the EU , Cameron has revealed that the shadow environment secretary , Nick Herbert , will attend a gay rights march in Warsaw in July .
Cameron told the Guardian that Herbert 's trip to Poland is designed to persuade the highly conservative Law and Justice party to embark on a " journey " to moderate its views on sexuality .
The party was founded by the late Polish president Lech Kaczynski , who died earlier this month in a plane crash in western Russia .
Kaczynski banned gay rights marches in Warsaw when he was the city 's mayor .
Nick Clegg , who supported British membership of the euro , and Gordon Brown are expected to use the second TV debate tomorrow night to embarrass the Tories by highlighting the party 's links with hard - right groups in the European parliament .
Last week 's broadcast electrified the election campaign and Clegg will be hoping to maintain the momentum that it gave the Lib Dems .
He goes into tonight 's debate with his party in second place , up one point , on 27 % in a ComRes poll for ITV / the Independent .
The Tories are unchanged in first place on 35 % , while Labour trails in third place , down one point on 25 % .
Amid nerves among cabinet ministers that Labour is heading for a defeat along the lines of its performance in the 1983 election under Michael Foot , the foreign secretary , David Miliband , today accuses Cameron of adopting an " isolated and weak " position on Europe after abandoning the main centre - right grouping in Strasbourg to sit in the new European Conservatives and Reformists group .
This includes the Czech ODS party , whose founder , Vaclav Klaus , has questioned global warming , and Roberts Zile , of Latvia 's Fatherland and Freedom party , some of whose members attend a ceremony to commemorate members of the Latvian legion of the Waffen - SS .
Cameron says the Tories have responded to these concerns by asking Herbert to travel to Poland .
He said : " We would not join with parties that had unacceptable views .
But we do recognise that , particularly in central and eastern Europe , there are parties that have still got some way to go on the journey of recognising full rights for gay people .
We are helping them make that journey . "
Cameron added that Labour and the Lib Dems were in no position to lecture the Tories about their new group .
" I would say there are partners of the Liberal Democrats who refer to homosexuality as a plague .
How many times have you read that in the Guardian ?
There are partners of Labour that were collaborators with the communist regime in Poland that locked people up and was responsible for appalling human rights abuses .
" Our point is that it is good to have a new group that is against a federal Europe , that wants free trade , co-operation and progress in Europe .
And yes , some countries , particularly some of the Catholic countries , do have very conservative social views .
They are on a journey in respect of that and it is a journey we can help them with . "
But Miliband will warn that Cameron 's stance on Europe shows he is incapable of leading change .
" Since they have failed to change themselves they have little hope of changing the country , or reforming Europe , " he will say in a speech in Bristol .
" The Tories are frightened of Europe which makes them isolated and therefore weak in Europe .
They want to retreat and defend , not engage and lead .
They have outlined a policy plan based on isolation , confrontation and weakness . "
The foreign secretary will claim that Labour resolved its bout of Europhobia – which had led the party to stand on a platform to withdraw from the then EEC in 1983 – in the late 1980s .
" We took on the disease , rooted it out , and became a strong , modern party as a result .
This has resulted in this Labour government delivering higher living standards , better working conditions and a stronger political voice in the world for the British people .
The contrast with the Tory party is stark .
Their party is unreformed on Europe - 72 % of candidates want a fundamental renegotiation or withdrawal ' as a priority ' .
There 's now a Conservative central office clampdown on their candidates , banning them from publicly declaring their real politics on Europe .
Their leadership is afraid of their membership . "
Miliband will argue that UK economic recovery would have been impossible without the support of the EU .
Cameron hopes to counter such arguments with the disclosure of Herbert 's trip to Poland .
Herbert , who became the most senior gay Tory when Alan Duncan was demoted from the shadow cabinet after he spoke out about the expenses scandal , made what Cameron described as a " very powerful speech " to the libertarian Cato Institute in Washington in February .
Herbert argued gay rights are completely compatible with Conservatism as he spoke of how the Tories made themselves irrelevant by failing to embrace social change .
, the editor of the local weekly Espacio in Colipa , in the eastern state of Veracruz , has just become the 11th journalist to disappear in Mexico since 2004 .
His sister Irene received several messages from him on 20 April reporting that he had just been arrested by police while on his way to Xalapa , the state capital .
He has been missing ever since .
“ Alert everyone ...
They ’ve arrested us ...
They have made us get into a police car , ” Ortega said in his last message to his sister .
They family has been looking for him in vain since then .
The local police have denied any involvement .
The Centre for Journalism and Public Ethics ( CEPET ) quoted the Veracruz Commission for the Defence of Journalists as saying the state attorney - general ’s office took more than 24 hours to open an investigation although the local authorities were notified of Ortega ’s disappearance at once .
Ortega had announced his desire to run for mayor of Colipa as candidate of the National Action Party ( PAN ) , President Felipe Calderón ’s party .
He was seen in a PAN branch office 10 minutes before he sent the first of his SMS messages to his sister .
Another PAN member who wanted to be the party ’s mayoral candidate in Colipa disappeared around the same time as Ortega .
Ortega ’s family has complained of getting little support from PAN .
At the same time , the head of the State Commission for Human Rights , Nohemí Quirasco , has strangely ruled out any possibility that Ortega ’s disappearance is linked to his work as a journalist .
Claiming she was completely unaware that he was a journalist , she also described him as a “ complete unknown . ”
Light needs to be shed on both the circumstances and motive of Ortega ’s disappearance .
It could be linked to his intention to be a candidate and it could be linked to his position as newspaper editor .
The local judicial authorities , who have been slow to react , must make it their priority to investigate the ranks of the police .
Quirasco must also explain her disgraceful comments .
Is a little - known person of no importance ?
Or was there a desire to quickly hush up a case involving the police ?
Local human rights and free expression NGOs blame the authorities for 65 per cent of the murders and physical attacks in which Mexican journalists and news media are the targets .
Ortega is the second journalist to disappear in Mexico in less than a month .
Five or possibly six journalists have been murdered since the start of the 2010 and a total of 62 have been murdered since 2000 .
Mexico and nearby Honduras are currently the western hemisphere ’s two most dangerous countries for the media .
Photo : Solución Política
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News
Planck can see really cold dust sweeping through our galaxy
Europe 's Planck observatory has given another brief glimpse of its work .
The space telescope 's main goal is to map the " oldest light " in the Universe , but this data is being kept under wraps until the surveying is complete .
Instead , Planck scientists have released a snapshot of the colossal swathes of cold dust that spread through the Milky Way galaxy .
Such imagery will be very useful to astronomers seeking to understand star formation .
The regions of space that are thick with gas and dust are most likely to give rise to new suns .
It 's the ' reject ' for some people , but the ' treasure ' for others
Dr Jan Tauber , Esa Planck project scientist
The latest Planck pictures will be of special interest to researchers working on the European Space Agency 's ( Esa ) other great telescope , Herschel .
This observatory is investigating processes that trigger the creation of stars .
Dr Jan Tauber is the Esa project scientist on the Planck mission .
He told BBC News : " The latest release shows how well Planck works on its own , but it also emphasises the complementarity with Herschel ; with Planck looking at the whole sky at very large scales , and Herschel zooming in and making very detailed investigations of a much smaller part of the sky . "
Planck and Herschel were launched last May and sent to an observing position some 1.5 m km ( 0.9 m miles ) from Earth .
Herschel sees the sky at far - infrared wavelengths .
Planck , on the other hand , sees the Universe at radio wavelengths .
The new Planck view combined with data from a previous satellite
More details
The latter is trying to make the finest - ever measurements of what has become known as the Cosmic Microwave Background ( CMB ) .
This is light that was finally allowed to move out across space once a post - Big - Bang Universe had cooled sufficiently to permit the formation of hydrogen atoms .
Scientists can glean from the CMB information about the age , contents and structure of the cosmos .
But to investigate this " fossil light " , Planck must first clean the signal of extraneous emissions coming from unrelated phenomena .
These include the very cold clumps and lanes of dust that sit in between the stars .
Although this " contamination " may be a nuisance to Planck 's main mission , the subtracted information can still be mined by astronomers with interests outside the CMB .
" It 's the ' reject ' for some people , but the ' treasure ' for others , " Dr Tauber said .
The filaments are apparent at large scales ( Planck image , right ) and at small - scales ( Herschel image , left ) in the Milky Way
Wednesday 's pictures come from Planck 's highest frequency channels and cover about 10 % of the sky .
They show the great filaments of dust within about 500 light - years of Earth .
In the wavelengths it is working , Planck is well - tuned to see cold matter .
Some of the dust it detects is about minus 261C ( 12 kelvin ) .
PLANCK SPACE TELESCOPE
The Planck observatory always points away from the Sun and rotates once per minute
As it rotates , it gathers precise temperature information from a narrow " strip " of the sky The strips are then fitted together to form an unprecedented thermal picture of our Universe
It takes about six months to cover the whole sky .
The aim is to scan the sky at least four times
Planck achieves ultra-cold state " We have the ability to look at very cold emission , essentially dust .
We can do unbiased searches over the whole sky for these regions that are very important because they are where stars are forming , " Dr Tauber explained .
Planck should complete its first all - sky survey within weeks .
Recently agreed funding should see the telescope eventually acquire at least four - times coverage .
The project team plans to release a catalogue of " point - like sources " in January 2011 .
These are interesting new objects that emit at radio wavelengths that , again , will be worth following up with other telescopes .
But the intention is to hold back the key CMB data until those involved in the telescope venture have had a chance to analyse its significance for themselves .
CMB maps and scientific papers should be published at the end of 2012 .
Past pioneers in the study of the Cosmic Microwave Background have earned a clutch of Nobel Prizes and there is great hope that the super - sensitivity of Planck will advance the field considerably .
There was some controversy last year when the only previous public release of imagery from Planck was " reverse - engineered " by external researchers to try to get some crude science results .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Author Thread
Okay , so I 'm alittle late on the comment ... but I 'm 5 glasses of wine in , and I remember voting on this shot ...
It totally reminded me of the Black crows album cover , Amorica
//upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/95/BlackCrowesAmoricaalbumcover.jpg
Anyway ...
I thought it was a very clever shot ...
Even with the pubes ... LOL ....
Well done !
Pubic hair like that is sexy !
Her fingers are beautiful , too .
Well done on a daring image .
Without the hair it would 've been just a boring stock photo .
Well done man !
Photographer found comment helpful .
OMG what the heck is wrong with the hairs ?
Prudes for pubes .
Nothing wrong with hair in the first place , but in american culture this could count as tongue - in - cheek meets drop - dead - sexy .
I can see how some people cold be offended by the flag concept , but this IS art , don'tcha know .
I Love It ( picture , pubes , and my country ! ) .
by the way , anybody notice the hair in # 10 ?
or the suggestion of self - love ?
or just did n't want to admit you tried to look ?
Message edited by author 2010-04-21 01:20:37 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Wow , look at all those 1s , 2s and 3s .
Not the first time I 've seen voters freak over some body hair !
18th is n't bad but this should have scored higher .
Photographer found comment helpful .
MonsterPhotography was correct .
This was intended to be a take - off on the album cover " Amorica " by the Black Crowes .
The hair was intentional , and I was shocked by the number of negative comments about it .
Comments Made During the Challenge
there is just a little thing distracting in your shot otherwise its great 7
Photographer found comment helpful .
without those hair , this would have been a killer shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Hairy is scary ! , but I see the intention seeing that the nails are so well done -
Do it for the country I suppose .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Not bad ... but why did n't you get rid of that pubic hear ????
This ruins the complete picture .
You did it on purpose ?
To me it does n't work , at all .
Sorry .
Photographer found comment helpful .
needs a shave
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well done .
Simple , memorable and with just the right amount of tease .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Excellent lighting , detail and very enchanting subject .
My top pic for this challenge .
- 10
Photographer found comment helpful .
I do n't know ...
I like it , but too sharp ?
6
Photographer found comment helpful .
I like most of the elements on this picture , the only thing I 'm not so fond of is the hair showing there , I think it 's matter of personal preference , other than that nice composition and colors !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well composed and nice soft lighting .
Photographer found comment helpful .
nice shot .
I think the hairs weaken the shot
Photographer found comment helpful .
Good lighting and all but what 's up with the hair !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Risquée to show the pubes ... :-)
Photographer found comment helpful .
LOL - great picture 7/10
Nice lighting and PP , could have tucked the erm bush in a bit ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
I would salute that right back !
The photography is well done .
The colors and the lighting really work well .
I have voted on those .
I do n't care for the hair ( posing ) , but I have not voted on that detail .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Technically a good shot , nice composition , perspective and lighting .
Personally do n't like the little bit of hair sticking out , but that 's just me !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Nice spin off of the black crowes album cover " Amorica " I bet you thought know one woul notice lol !
That aside I really like it .
I would have cropped the top off to just under her belly button .
Really would help to keep the eye in the are you want it .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Love the delicate placement of hand .
It just adds on perfectly to the photo .
And yes ... I salute thee !
9 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Not diggin ' the pubes hanging out over the top .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Would be more tasteful without the hair , good shot tho , very sharp , one of the best in this challenge
Photographer found comment helpful .
Having served 20 years in the Navy I find the use of the American Flag as undies very distasteful .
The photo would have been much better without the hair at the top .
Photographer found comment helpful .
And I salute her .... The hair coming out of the top is a little distracting .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Nice photo , but I do n't really care for the hair sticking out the top .
Just a personal preference .
Photographer found comment helpful .
you couldve shaved !
Photographer found comment helpful .
ok , , , would like to see this one with out the hand , , , , , , , , , ,
5
The digital economy bill is a highly controversial bill .
Many of us believe that it threatens to severely infringe fundamental human rights , by allowing the disconnection of internet accounts for alleged copyright infringement , and also by new ' website blocking ' laws that could result in new ways to suppress free speech and legitimate activity .
There are also dangers to business , through restrictions on provision on open wifi networks , that could damage our economy .
But our worry today is that none of this will be properly debated by parliament .
Last week , Harriet Harman MP failed to give the commons any reassurances that this important , complex and controversial Bill will be properly scrutinised by our elected MPs .
Democracy and accountability will be sidestepped if this bill is rushed through and amended without debate during the so - called ' wash - up ' process .
The thousands of people we know to be contacting their MPs with concerns will find their faith in politicians even further undermined .
For these reasons we are writing to ask that those most controversial parts of the bill – clauses 11 - 18 , covering ' technical measures ' and court orders for website blocking – either be properly debated , or be taken out of the Bill and subjected to genuine democratic scrutiny in a new parliament .
Signatories :
Anthony Barnett , openDemocracy
Billy Bragg
Lord Errol
Bridget Fox , Liberal Democrat PPC , Islington South & Finsbury
Jo Glanville , Editor , Index on Censorship
John Grogan MP
Andrew Heaney , Director of Regulation , TalkTalk
Julian Huppert , Liberal Democrat PPC , Cambridge
Julia and Simon Indelicate , The Indelicates
Jim Killock , Executive Director , Open Rights Group
Nicholas Lansman , Secretary General , ISPA
Graham Linehan , screenwriter
Caroline Lucas , Leader , Green Party
Baroness Miller
Peter Tatchell , human rights campaigner
Tom Watson MP
Lord Whitty , Chair , Consumer Focus
UK hydrographic charts published by the British Admiralty in the early twentieth century are notable for the high density of information compressed within their two dimensions , and for the harmonious blend of registers and visual perspectives they incorporate in the ...
Late Monday afternoon I received an email from the American Patriot Foundation informing me that Terrence Lakin , a lieutenant colonel in the US army , needed my help .
It seems that Lakin had refused to obey orders unless his commander - in - chief – that would be Barack Obama – produces evidence proving he was born in the United States and is thus constitutionally qualified to serve as president .
Lakin now faces a court - martial and prison .
Well , good for Lakin .
What struck me about the missive , though , was not the banality of his foolish quest .
Rather , it was the atmospherics surrounding the group that has taken up his cause .
The American Patriot Foundation has a nice office in Washington .
Its spokeswoman , Margaret Hemenway , is a former government official who has written for the Washington Times , among other publications .
Its founder is a former Republican senator , Bob Smith , who told Salon that he no longer controls the group , but who pointedly declined to criticise Lakin .
In other words , Lakin 's outburst of birtherism should not be seen in isolation .
Instead , it 's further evidence that rightwing hate , aided and abetted by leading Republicans , has gone mainstream .
The first warning came a year ago , when the department of homeland security predicted a rise in rightwing extremism fuelled by economic calamity and the election of our first black president .
News of the report , and especially about a warning contained therein that military veterans might be pulled into the movement , set off criticism among conservative bloggers .
Yet it proved prescient .
The most recent and oddest manifestation was last week 's arrest of nine people involved in what authorities have referred to as a " Christian militia " intent on sparking revolution .
But there have been other examples , each treated by the media as isolated incidents .
The murder of Kansas abortion doctor George Tiller , whose killer was sentenced to life in prison last week .
The pilot who crashed his plane into an Internal Revenue Service facility in Austin , Texas , in February .
Protesters whipped into a frenzy during the healthcare debate who yelled racist and homophobic slurs at members of Congress , who spat upon one and who phoned in threats of violence .
According to Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Centre , the number of rightwing extremist groups has risen exponentially during the past 18 months .
And in an interview with National Public Radio's
On the Media last week , he was unstinting in placing at least some of the blame for that with their enablers in the Republican party and in the media .
Potok said :
" I 'm talking about when [ Republican congresswoman ]
Michele Bachmann says President Obama is setting up political re-education camps all around the country , presumably to turn our children into Marxist robots .
I 'm talking about when Steve King , a congressman out of Iowa , says that 25 Americans every single day are either murdered or run over and killed by drunken , as he would say , ' criminal illegal aliens ' , or when Glenn Beck on Fox News talks about the possibility that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is running a set of secret concentration camps to intern good patriotic Americans , all of that and much more .
And that is becoming quite common today . "
The right is ever fond of pointing out that leftwing extremists have also been among us for lo these many years , from the Weather Underground during the Vietnam war to the 9/11 truthers of recent years .
But such groups have never received an iota of support from Democrats .
Indeed , when Beck , of all people , ferreted out someone who might be called a truther sympathiser last year in the Obama White House , that person lost his job immediately .
By contrast , a mainstream conservative figure like Sarah Palin posts a map on her Facebook page of Democratic congressmen she wants defeated that is festooned with gun-sight crosshairs and then hosts a Fox News special on inspirational Americans .
" At the least , the Republicans are playing footsie with extremism – while extremism seems to be spreading , " writes the veteran progressive journalist David Corn .
We are living through a frightening moment in American history – the near - collapse of the economy , followed by a slow and uncertain recovery , a mountain of public debt and war seemingly without end .
A responsible political opposition would find a way to oppose Obama and the Democratic Congress while at the same time standing up to the forces of extremism .
Instead , today 's Republican party coddles and indulges them , hoping they 'll put down their guns long enough to vote for them this November .
It 's a sick and cynical game , and we can only hope it does n't end in tragedy .
Scientists have solved one of the great mysteries of our geological past :
Why Earth 's surface was not one big lump of ice four billion years ago when Sun radiation was much weaker than today .
Scientists have presumed that Earth 's atmosphere back then consisted of 30 percent CO 2 trapping heat like a greenhouse .
However , new research shows that the reason for Earth not going into a deep freeze at the time was quite different .
In 1972 , the late , world famous astronomer Carl Sagan and his colleague George Mullen formulated " The faint early Sun paradox . "
The paradox consisted in that Earth 's climate has been fairly constant during almost four of the four and a half billion years that the planet has been in existence , and this despite the fact that radiation from the Sun has increased by 25 - 30 percent .
The paradoxical question that arose for scientists in this connection was why Earth 's surface at its fragile beginning was not covered by ice , seeing that the Sun 's rays were much fainter than they are today .
Science found one probable answer in 1993 , which was proffered by the American atmospheric scientist , Jim Kasting .
He performed theoretical calculations that showed that 30 % of Earth 's atmosphere four billion years ago consisted of CO 2 .
This in turn entailed that the large amount of greenhouse gases layered themselves as a protective greenhouse around the planet , thereby preventing the oceans from freezing over .
Mystery solved
Now , however , Professor Minik Rosing , from the Natural History Museum of Denmark , and Christian Bjerrum , from the Department of Geography and Geology at University of Copenhagen , together with American colleagues from Stanford University in California have discovered the reason for " the missing ice age " back then , thereby solving the Sun paradox , which has haunted scientific circles for more than 40 years .
Professor Minik Rosing explains : " What prevented an ice age back then was not high CO 2 concentration in the atmosphere , but the fact that the cloud layer was much thinner than it is today .
In addition to this , Earth 's surface was covered by water .
This meant that the Sun 's rays could warm the oceans unobstructed , which in turn could layer the heat , thereby preventing Earth 's watery surface from freezing into ice .
The reason for the lack of clouds back in Earth 's childhood can be explained by the process by which clouds form .
This process requires chemical substances that are produced by algae and plants , which did not exist at the time .
These chemical processes would have been able to form a dense layer of clouds , which in turn would have reflected the Sun 's rays , throwing them back into the cosmos and thereby preventing the warming of Earth 's oceans .
Scientists have formerly used the relationship between the radiation from the Sun and Earth 's surface temperature to calculate that Earth ought to have been in a deep freeze during three billion of its four and a half billion years of existence .
Sagan and Mullen brought attention to the paradox between these theoretical calculations and geological reality by the fact that the oceans had not frozen .
This paradox of having a faint Sun and ice - free oceans has now been solved . "
CO 2 history illluminated
Minik Rosing and his team have by analyzing samples of 3.8 - billion - year - old mountain rock from the world 's oldest bedrock , Isua , in western Greenland , solved the " paradox . "
But more importantly , the analyses also provided a finding for a highly important issue in today 's climate research -- and climate debate , not least : whether the atmosphere 's CO 2 concentration throughout Earth 's history has fluctuated strongly or been fairly stable over the course of billions of years .
" The analyses of the CO 2 - content in the atmosphere , which can be deduced from the age - old Isua rock , show that the atmosphere at the time contained a maximum of one part per thousand of this greenhouse gas .
This was three to four times more than the atmosphere 's CO 2 - content today .
However , not anywhere in the range of the of the 30 percent share in early Earth history , which has hitherto been the theoretical calculation .
Hence we may conclude that the atmosphere 's CO 2 - content has not changed substantially through the billions of years of Earth 's geological history .
However , today the graph is turning upward .
Not least due to the emissions from fossil fuels used by humans .
Therefore it is vital to determine the geological and atmospheric premises for the prehistoric past in order to understand the present , not to mention the future , in what pertains to the design of climate models and calculations , " underscores Minik Rosing .
Professor Rosing 's scientific research has made its mark internationally on several earlier occasions , including research on the point in time when the first fragile life appeared and the impact of life 's presence on the formation of Earth 's landmass .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The Obama administration Thursday warned Iran and Syria that America 's commitment to Israel 's security is unshakable and that they should understand the consequences of threats to the Jewish state .
Previewing a speech Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton is to deliver later Thursday , the State Department said transfers of increasingly sophisticated weaponry , including rockets , to anti-Israel militants in southern Lebanon and Gaza could spark new conflict in the Middle East .
" These are issues that are fundamental to war and peace in the region , " spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters ahead of the Clinton 's address to the American Jewish Committee .
The speech is the latest in a series of moves the administration is making to reassure Israel that its ties to the United States remain strong despite tensions that flared last month .
Clinton will speak to the " very real threats " that Israel faces , particularly from Iran , Syria and groups they support like Hizbullah in Lebanon and Hamas in the Gaza Strip and reaffirm US determination to get them to change course , he said .
Israel has accused Syria of providing Hizbullah with Scud missiles , weapons that would dramatically increase the group 's range to hit targets in Israel .
Syria has denied the charges .
US officials have not confirmed Hizbullah 's possession of Scuds , but say they are concerned about its growing arsenal of rockets and missiles .
"
We are concerned about the broader issue of the nature of Syrian support to Hizbullah involving a range of missiles , including that one , " Crowley said .
He added that US intelligence was looking at " multiple systems " from " multiple sources , " including Syria , that Hizbullah may have .
Getting Syria to stop , he said , is one of the administration 's prime goals in returning an ambassador to Damascus .
The US has been without an ambassador in Syria for five years and the nominee for the position , career diplomat Robert Ford , is still awaiting Senate confirmation .
Some lawmakers have questioned the wisdom of sending an envoy to Syria now , saying it would reward the country for bad behavior .
Clinton will argue that it would not be " a reward or concession , " but rather " a tool that can give us added leverage and insight and greater ability to convey strong and clear messages aimed at changing Syria 's behavior .
"
On Iran , Clinton will say the administration is still open to engaging with Tehran but that it must meet international demands to prove its suspect nuclear program is peaceful as it claims and not a cover for developing atomic weapons .
Short of that , the US will continue to press for tough new UN Security Council sanctions on Iran .
Iran has been on a diplomatic mission to forestall fresh sanctions and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad may try to use a nuclear conference at the United Nations next week to lobby against them .
Before her speech , Clinton said any attempt by Ahmadinejad to undermine the purpose of the conference — to review , revise and improve the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty — would fail .
"
If he believes that by coming he can somehow divert attention from this very important global effort or cause confusion that might possibly throw into doubt what Iran has been up to , ... then I do n't believe he will have a particularly receptive audience , " she told a news conference with visiting Polish Foreign Minister Radek Sikorsky .
In her speech , Clinton will also say the US will continue to pursue an Israeli - Palestinian peace deal and is hoping to restart indirect talks between the two sides in the near future , according to Crowley .
"
We are working around the clock to move forward with proximity talks , which we hope will set the stage for a resumption of direct negotiations on all permanent status issues as soon as possible , " he said .
The administration 's special Mideast envoy George Mitchell is due back in the region next week .
His visit will follow a weekend meeting of Arab League diplomats at which US officials hope for an endorsement of the indirect talks that Mitchell will mediate .
An attempt to get those talks started last month fizzled when Israel announced a new Jewish housing project in east Jerusalem , which the Palestinians claim as a future capital .
That drew fierce criticism from the United States and led to the worst rift between Washington and its top Mideast ally in decades .
Since then , the administration has sought to repair the damage with a series of recent meetings and speeches from senior officials , including Clinton and national security adviser James Jones .
As a teacher , I know how much waste a school produces in the name of education – trees give their lives to childrens paper , party cups , paper towels .
School - discarded plastic fills the landfill .
Markers last a few weeks at best , and their useless carcasses are quickly tossed , and another $ 2.99 is spent on a new rainbow package without hesitation .
I can estimate that one class of kids ( 25 ) goes through about 100 disposable pens over the course of the school year .
Multiply that by every classroom in the country , and you can see the impact .
The modern teacher will need writing instruments of all varieties : expo pens of all sizes – for white board and small boards , vis -a - vis pens for over heads , permanent markers for labeling , washable markers for kids to use on projects … and this list goes on for number 2 pencils , crayons and colored pencils .
As a lifelong environmentalist , it has been very disturbing – and I mindfully double side photocopy when I can .
It seems that is the only thing I can really do to make a difference in my school .
How can we not use markers ?
I have heard that you can buy and insert acetone to prolong the life of a marker , or spin them by their tip to squeeze out some ink , but this effort shows the true purpose of these pens – to be thrown out and replaced .
They are the historical universal tool alongside paper for most communication , presentation , and education in school .
At my current rich school in Marin County , California , I am able to see how small districts , involved parents and teachers can work together to achieve a greener school .
We use 30 % Post consumer paper for the copiers and compostables to distribute school lunches .
Currently , the PTA is campaigning for carpooling , walking and biking to school .
One day , Bay , a 4th grader , approached me about AUS Pens – which described an entrepreneurial dream I had recently as a result of reluctantly trashing a tub of now - useless plastic markers .
I smiled ear to ear as he enthusiastically told me that I should get some immediately .
Finally , a refillable whiteboard marker .
I followed my students directions , and ordered 6 markers and refilling ink to be shipped to my doorstep all the way from ausssiland ( Australia ) for about $ 60.00 .
[ ad name = ” Go - JP Rectangle ” ]
The time perhaps has come for schools to fully green themselves .
If it has the cash and parent support , that is .
In my experience in the Bay Area , poorer urban schools are the most behind .
Working within a large public school bureaucracy , it is difficult to change the ordering behavior of that entire district – whether it be bulk paper or government lunch distribution ( which can be so bad as to use the all - evil Styrafoam ! ) .
These schools will need an extra push to catch up to say , a small school in Marin .
AUS pens , I hope are the beginning of a new school materials era – where materials are respect by kids , kept , reused and a very important lesson is learned – the finite earth is not only our wasteland , but our home .
Today ’s guest blog post is brought to us by my sister , Nicole LaCount , who is a grade school teacher in the Marin School District .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius has called on health insurer WellPoint to stop dropping coverage for patients recently diagnosed with breast cancer , calling the practice “ deplorable . ”
U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius at the White House in Washington , March 4 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
In a letter dated April 22 to Angela Braly , WellPoint ’s chief executive , Sebelius said she was “ surprised and disappointed ” to learn from a Reuters report that the company had targeted women with breast cancer for aggressive investigation with intent to cancel their policies .
“ As you know , the practice described in this article will soon be illegal , ” Sebelius wrote .
“ The Affordable Care Act specifically prohibits insurance companies from rescinding policies , except in cases of fraud or intentional misrepresentation of material fact . ”
Reuters reported on Thursday that WellPoint , the largest U.S. health insurer by enrollment , was using a computer algorithm that automatically targeted patients recently diagnosed with breast cancer , among other conditions .
The software triggered an immediate fraud investigation by the company as it searched for excuses to drop coverage , according to government regulators and investigators .
In a statement responding to the Reuters story , WellPoint said it uses software to scan diagnostic codes for conditions that patients would likely have known about when they applied for insurance , but insisted it does not single out women with breast cancer .
The company said it changed its rescission practices to ensure they are handled appropriately after a 2006 review of its policies prompted by public concern .
“ Well Point should not wait to end the unconscionable practice of deliberately working to deny health insurance coverage to women diagnosed with breast cancer , ” Sebelius wrote in her letter .
“ I urge you to immediately cease these practices and abandon your efforts to rescind health insurance coverage from patients who need it most . ”
Breast cancer is the second - leading type of cancer among women , it has touched millions of families , and will affect one in eight American women during their lifetime , Sebelius wrote .
“ I hope you will consider these women and their families as you work to end this harmful practice , ” she wrote .
WellPoint CEO
Braly responded to Sebelius in a letter on Friday , saying the Reuters report was inaccurate and grossly misrepresented the insurance company ’s efforts to help patients detect and treat cancer .
“ Breast cancer is a devastating illness and should not be politicized , ” Braly said , asking to meet with Sebelius to clarify these points .
Reuters stands by its story , a spokesperson for Thomson Reuters said .
The issue of rescission has reemerged in the debate surrounding U.S. healthcare reform , with the new legislation approved last month .
WellPoint shares fell 0.7 percent on Friday to $ 57.98 , compared with a 0.9 percent rise for the Morgan Stanley Healthcare Payor index .
The shares are off more than 17 percent from a year - high of $ 70 in late January , dampened by uncertainty over how deeply the reforms will impact its business .
Texas Oil Companies Double Spending to Make California Voters Kill Their Climate Bill
April 21st , 2010 by Susan Kraemer
This November , Texas oil companies hope to dupe California voters into repealing their own clean energy bill ; AB32 .
The oil companies ’ ballot measure had $ 966,000 in funding up through the end of March .
Now they have doubled that , bringing the total to $ 1.9 million – supposedly to save California jobs .
[ social_buttons ]
Among the most recent additions , one mysterious conservative front group from Missouri – with only $ 30,000 in funding – somehow mustered $ 498,000 to save California from itself .
But an in - state oil company , LA - based Occidental Petroleum openly added its own $ 300,000 on Friday .
As of the end of March , 89 % of the funding has come from the oil industry , with nearly three quarters of that just from Texas oil companies .
The petition gathering is being handled through The Tea Party , another ( perhaps unwitting ) front group for the fossil energy industry , as a subsidiary of Freedomworks , the Dick Army ( mostly energy ) lobbying group .
It is sure to increase voter turnout this November .
The Texas oil industry dubbed its false flag ballot initiative “ The California Jobs Initiative ” – as with the Luntzian “ Healthy Forests Initiative . ”
If it passes in November , it would roll back implementing AB32 pretty much until pigs fly : or “ until the jobs rate falls under 5 % ” .
California ’s total unemployment is about 12 % , driven by farm and construction unemployment .
Central valley farm - worker unemployment is now 17 % .
Only the construction industry contributes more to California unemployment levels ; about 27 % .
This should make the primaries and mid terms this November interesting .
As Schwarzenegger ’s term ends , Republicans Meg Whitman and Steve Poisner battle each other to be the more allied with the oil industry on the anti-clean economy initiative .
Only second time gubernatorial candidate Jerry Brown ( D ) supports AB32 .
His original term as Governor marked California ’s first clean energy boom .
He accurately renamed the ballot initiative petition ; as shown above , despite threats by the oil companies to sue .
Clarifying ballot initiatives is one of his responsibilities as Attorney General .
The California legislature that drew up AB32 has a Democratic majority .
On Sunday , the California Democratic Party convention voted to include language in its platform saying , “ To safeguard our cherished environment , California Democrats will oppose any attempt to roll back or weaken the state ’s landmark Global Warming Solutions Act . ”
Oil is not a growing industry in California .
Clean energy technology is a growing industry sector , and most Californians support AB32 .
Green energy jobs would only increase more under AB32 , and are now one of the few drivers of job growth in California .
Reputable studies , like the CARB study , have found that California jobs are not threatened by a clean energy economy .
On the contrary .
The solar industry alone , which is mostly based in California , added 17,000 jobs last year .
Image :
The petition as reworded by Jerry Brown and The Tea Party site promoting it
More Cleantechnica from Susan Kraemer : Journalists on Twitter
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
“ We are going to punish somebody for this attack , but just who or where will be blown to smithereens for it is hard to say .
Maybe Afghanistan , maybe Pakistan or Iraq , or possibly all three at once .
Who knows ?
Not even the Generals in what remains of the Pentagon or the New York papers calling for war seem to know who did it or where to look for them .
This is going to be a very expensive war , and Victory is not guaranteed - - for anyone , and certainly not for a baffled little creep like George W. Bush .
All he knows is that his father started the war a long time ago , and that he , the goofy child President , has been chosen by Fate and the global Oil industry to finish it off . ”
― Hunter S. Thompson
Marathon Robotics has developed a robotic training system for the Australian special forces .
Targets are mounted on Segway Robotic Mobility Platform ( RMP ) vehicles which are controlled by a central computer system .
They can , for example , be programmed to scatter when a shot is fired , just like you would expect from human , making it much harder for the sniper to take out the next “ terrorist ” .
A Segway running away for his / her life
Central control system
Personally I think this is the best possible use of these damned devices .
Nothing would give me more pleasure that shooting a Segway in the ass !
[ Hat Tip : Engadget .
Many thanks to Paul and Rob for emailing me the links . ]
A string of electoral defeats and the great unpopularity of ObamaCare can't stop Democrats from their self - appointed rendezvous with liberal destiny — ramming a bill through Congress on a narrow partisan vote .
What we are about to witness is an extraordinary abuse of traditional Senate rules to pass a bill merely because they think it 's good for the rest of us , and because they fear their chance to build a European welfare state may never come again .
***
The vehicle is " reconciliation , " a parliamentary ...
By Captain Pyke | April 20 , 2010 - 8:33 pm
A little more than a month ago we posted an article detailing Leonard Nimoy 's plans to walk away from the convention circuit .
Today , we learn that he 's actually walking away from Trek altogether .
That 's right ladies and gents , Spock is going to retire .
According to and interview with Toronto Sun Leonard is ready to " Get off the stage " .
“ I ’ve been doing this professionally for 60 years , ” he says with a laugh .
“ I love the idea of going out on a positive note .
I ’ve had a great , great time . ”
He 's also very confident in Zachary Quinto 's potrayal of Spock in the upcoming Star Trek sequel .
“ He ’s a terrific actor , he looks the part , and it ’s time to give him some space .
And I ’m very flattered the character will continue . ” .
As far as conventions go , Spock also confides that this year “ could be the last go - round for that too ” .
We can't really blame him for wanting to spend sometime away from the limelight .
He 's been acting for over 50 years and heck , he probably does n't need the dough anymore .
He did have some heart warming comments about the convention scene though .
Leonard describes it as a “ a love fest .
I ’m so grateful to the fans .
I call these kind of experiences a victory lap ...
It ’s like having a family meeting — a family reunion . ”
We 'll be there in Vegas and will definitely be attending his talks .
Ca n't miss
Spock on his victory lap .
( quote source Toronto Sun )
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/15/2010
He who recently compared gays to heroin abusers joins Focus on the Family in anti-gay SCOTUSness
by Jeremy Hooper
Yesterday it was a Peter LaBarbera - Focus on the Family coalition .
Today it 's the American Family Association 's most reliably over - the - top personality , Bryan Fischer , who is automatically disqualifying potential Supreme Court nominees on the basis of their sexual orientations :
If we elevate an open homosexual to the Supreme Court , we will be elevating someone who freely admits that he ( generic use ) engages routinely in behavior that was still a felony in every state in the Union as recently as 1962 and a felony in the other 49 states until 1972 .
Sodomy is still a felony in the criminal code of about a dozen states .
The Lawrence decision of 2003 , an egregious act of judicial activism , prohibited enforcement of these laws , but the fact remains that 25 % of the states in the Union still regard it as criminal behavior .
We simply should not elevate to the highest court in the land people who are known for engaging in sexually abnormal behavior which would technically make them felons in a quarter of the states over which they will have jurisdiction .
...
A homosexual judge cannot help but give the home - field advantage to every legal team appearing before him who represents homosexual causes .
It will be impossible for the visiting team , the team representing sexual normalcy and natural marriage , to get a fair shake in his courtroom .
...
With an active homosexual on the bench , Lady Justice will no longer even pretend to be blind .
She will be peeking out from under her blindfold to determine the sexual preference of those standing before her , then will let the fold slip back into place before ruling in every case to legitimize sexual deviancy .
Bottom line : the American ideal of absolute equality before the law will inevitably be shredded by a homosexual judge .
Neither the Constitution nor the American people should be subjected to that kind of judicial malpractice .
We can and should expect more from those who occupy seats on the highest bench in the land .
Homosexual Supreme Court Justice ?
Not under any circumstances [ AFA ]
So basically , a heterosexual person who offensively refers to homosexual as " sexual deviancy " and who suggests that felony punishment is both right and fair is , to social conservatives like Mr. Fischer , just a voice of " sexual normalcy and natural marriage . "
But a LGBT person , regardless of his or her qualifications and record , is biased ?!
That 's like a cat lover saying that a dog lover 's opinion on the price of Fancy Feast is innately flawed and biased , since he or she holds the supposedly wrong - headed opinion that those nasty , flea - infested , bone - loving mongrels known as canines could ever be acceptable house pets !
But the truth : Cats and dogs are both awesome .
So are straights and gays .
And the ability to consider the constitution as it pertains to human beings is a concept that is built in the court and classrooms , not the bedroom that the anti-gay side wants to turn into an interrogation room , or litter box through which the same team wants to drag fair - minded justice 's names !
What 's not at all awesome is the notion that fairness should be defined by those whose professional lives revolve around hurting any and everyone who is not exactly like them !
Mr. Fischer has proven himself to be one of the socially conservative movement 's most fanatical voices , with a whole host of unreasoned opinions ( see below ) on his own judicial record .
If he wants to criticize others ' ability to do a fair job , he needs to first own his inability to do anything resembling the same .
**EARLIER : The time Mr. Fischer compared us to heroin abusers
The time Mr. Fischer told us to just shut up
The time Mr. Fischer oddly interpreted past historical oppressions
The time Mr. Fischer directly compared laws against gay soldiers to those that apply to bank robbers
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Network managers are being urged to run a series of checks on their routers and firewalls to ensure their users will still be able to connect to internet sites in the wake of a major change to the internet 's domain name system next week .
On May 5 , the world 's top domain authorities ( led by ICANN , the US Government and Verisign ) will complete the first phase of the roll - out of DNSSEC ( Domain Name System Security Extensions ) across the 13 root servers that direct user requests to the relevant websites on the internet .
The DNSSEC upgrade adds a digital signature to the response from every DNS ( Domain Name Server ) request to give an internet user an extra level of assurance that the domain name is translated to the correct Internet location ( such as a website , or email destination ) .
DNSSEC was developed in an attempt to thwart ' man in the middle ' attacks , in which hackers intercept a request and respond with a message that fools the user system into going to a false location .
But the new protocol - much welcomed by the industry - could have an unfortunate side effect for unprepared network managers , according to Bruce Tonkin , chief strategy officer at Melbourne IT and a board director at ICANN .
A response to a standard DNS request tends to be in a single packet ( UDP protocol ) and tends to fall below 512 bytes in size .
In some older networking equipment , any larger request than this would be blocked by pre-configured factory settings , under the assumption that larger packets ( and several of them ) represent an anomaly of some kind .
As of May 5 at 17:00 UTC ( which is actually pre-dawn on Thursday 6th on the East Coast of Australia ) , all DNSSEC signature - laden messages sent back to a user 's DNS resolver will be four times the size - up to 2 KB .
And should packets of that size be rejected , the message would likely be sent in multiple packets via the TCP protocol .
( These signatures will be dummies at first to test the system , as of July 1 , they will be the real deal . )
Tonkin fears that while DNSSEC has been on the agenda for some time , many IT and network managers have yet to test their older routers and firewalls to ensure they can handle the larger DNS responses .
" The bigger answer coming back from the DNS request might get blocked by some internet devices in the Corporate network , " he said .
DNSSEC is in fact already rolled out across most of the world 's 13 root server clusters , in an effort that began in December 2009 .
But to date , Tonkin explained , it would only have resulted in a slight lag in the loading of a web page for those with outdated network equipment .
The beauty of DNS is that should a request made to one root server not receive a response , the DNS resolver on a user 's machine simply makes the same request along the line of the 13 root servers until it gets a satisfactory response .
But on May 5 , once all 13 root server clusters are live with the DNSSEC signatures , responses from all 13 root servers wo n't make it back inside the corporate LAN on some older systems .
Tonkin expects that the larger Internet Service Providers will have addressed the issue , so most home internet users will be unaffected .
" I 'm not entirely sure all ISPs will be prepared , but I imagine the major ones are , " he said .
" ISPs tend to do DNS translation for you .
But it is likely to have a big impact in the corporate environment , where you might run your own DNS server and infrastructure . "
For more information on the preparations of ISPs , telcos and network admins , check our update to this story .
In that sense Tonkin does n't expect a " Y2 K meltdown " of the internet May 5 .
But he predicts a number of organisations will start experiencing internet access issues , and a number of network administrators will be left scratching their heads as to why .
To complicate the scenario further , network administrators and helpdesks " may not know what has gone wrong , " he said .
The problem may take several days to surface and be inconsistent from one user 's PC to the next .
A user at one machine that has n't switched on his PC for two or three days will have no access to the internet .
A user that left his machine on the night before will have some pages - and responses from DNS servers - cached on their machine , and will still have connectivity .
" It is usually much easier to address a problem when everything is n't working ! " Tonkin said .
Tonkin recommended network managers run a series of simple online tests to ensure their network can handle the larger DNS responses :
- A reply - size test available at DNS - OARC :
https://www.dns-oarc.net/oarc/services/replysizetest
- Ripe Labs ' ' Test your DNS Resolver '
http://labs.ripe.net/content/testing-your-resolver-dns-reply-size-issues
It can happen at the most inopportune moment : in the middle of a delightful conversation at a party , at a restaurant with new friends , while you ’re lunching with co-workers , during a family meal .
Someone makes a wild generalization about women who get abortions , and you ’re shocked .
You try to remain civilized but it ’s difficult .
To make matters worse , you ’re not sure how to reply .
Here are a few facts to help you refute some of the most common abortion myths .
Myth 1 : Even if the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade , abortion would still be legal .
Fact :
Some states have abortion bans on the books that predate Roe or have been put in place in case the Supreme Court overturns Roe vs. Wade .
If Roe is overturned those bans would immediately become enforceable .
Myth 2 : American women are able to have legal abortion on demand at any stage of pregnancy in all 50 states .
Fact :
That was n’t true when the Supreme Court decided Roe v.
Wade in 1973 and it ’s not true now .
In Roe , the court ruled that women have a right to abortion during the first and second trimesters of pregnancy and the state cannot restrict the procedure .
In the third trimester , which encompasses the period after the point of fetal viability , the state may prohibit abortion as long as it is still permitted if the life or health of the mother is at risk .
However , in the 2007 case Gonzales v. Carhart , the Court upheld a federal ban on second - trimester abortions even though the law did not contain an exception in cases when the women ’s health is in danger , thus signaling their willingness to further restrict abortion access .
Myth 3 : Women who have abortions are selfish and self - centered .
Fact :
The decision to have an abortion is rarely simple .
Most women are very cognizant of the demands of parenthood and want to have a family only when the time is right .
They are concerned about their ability to provide a stable environment for themselves and their children .
Myth 4 : Abortions cause pain for the fetus .
Fact :
Many physicians and medical researchers believe that fetuses do n’t begin to feel pain until some time during the third trimester–after 99 percent of all abortions have been performed .
Myth 5 : Abortions are readily available across the country .
Fact :
There are no abortion providers in 88 percent of all U.S. counties .
In non-metropolitan areas , the figure rises to 97 percent .
As a result , many women must travel long distances to reach the nearest abortion provider .
Myth 6 : Abortion is a very dangerous procedure .
Fact : Abortion is one of the safest surgical procedures for women .
The risk of death associated with abortion is low and the risk of major complications is less than 1 percent .
In fact , giving birth is more dangerous than an abortion .
Myth 7 : Abortion providers are in it to make a lot of money .
Fact : Abortion providers generally charge less for their services than physicians in other specialties .
In addition , many of them continue their work in spite of regular threats to their lives and safety .
Myth 8 : If a woman does n’t want to have a child , she should use contraception or abstain .
Fact :
There is no contraceptive that is 100 percent effective .
Even total abstinence fails when a women is raped .
Over half ( 54 percent ) of the women seeking abortions had tried to prevent the pregnancy during the month in which they became pregnant .
Of the 46 percent who had not used contraceptives , many believed they were at a low risk for pregnancy or had concerns about contraceptive methods .
Myth 9 : Women have multiple abortions rather than using birth control .
Fact :
Most women who have abortions ( 52 percent ) have had no previous abortions , and 26 percent have had only one previous abortion .
Considering that most women are fertile for more than 30 years , and that birth control is not perfect , the likelihood of having one or two unintended pregnancies is very high .
Myth 10 : Many women who have had abortions are traumatized and suffer from “ post - abortion stress syndrome . ”
Fact :
There is no scientific evidence , or the observable reality of 33 years of legal abortion in the United States , to support the idea that having an abortion is any more dangerous to a woman ’s long - term mental health than delivering and parenting a child she did not intend to have or placing a baby for adoption .
These are just a few of the myths about abortion , there are so many more .
Please share the myths you hear most often and how you answer them , if you do .
Let ’s educate each other .
Learn more about the anti-abortion movement via Ms. coverage .
Inexact title .
See the list below .
We do n't have an article named CrowningMusic / TouhouProject , exactly .
We do have :
If you meant one of those , just click and go .
If you want to start a CrowningMusic / TouhouProject page , just click the edit button above .
Be careful , though , the only things that go in the Main namespace are tropes and should be created through the YKTTW system .
Do n't put in redirects for shows , books , etc. .
Use the right namespace for those .
' Demonic ' meltdown on U.S. flight : ' We 're going to [ bleep ] all night '
Our first official peek at Dead Space 2 in motion picture form is here , a spooky teaser that does n't tell us too much about Visceral Games ' sequel , other than that Isaac Clark has a bad - ass new suit .
Sure , we 've seen the suit before , as well as some off - screen footage of Dead Space star Isaac in action .
But that snazzy new transforming helmet ?
That 's fresh !
Advertisement
Not so fresh are the rotting , gruesome Necromorphs that one can glance among the Rorschach test ink blots .
Poor Isaac does n't seem to be in the best of mental health these days , does he ?
Death in the Atlantic The Last Four Minutes of Air France Flight 447
The crash of Air France flight 447 from Rio to Paris last year is one of the most mysterious accidents in the history of aviation .
After months of investigation , a clear picture has emerged of what went wrong .
The reconstruction of the horrific final four minutes reveal continuing safety problems in civil aviation .
In Haskell , there are a variety of monad transformer libraries .
The most popular is the original library , mtl , which is in the Haskell platform .
Many people mutter complaints about mtl , including poor design , use of functional dependencies ( which are somewhat out of favour these days ) and inefficient implementation .
Several replacements have been developed — direct replacements such as the transformers and mmtl libraries , and also packages like monadLib .
This issue arose again recently in a reddit discussion , with people wondering when mtl is going to be replaced .
CHP used to make a lot of ( internal ) use of monad transformers from the mtl package .
I ’ve recently refactored the CHP monad , which removed a large part of that dependency : gone are ErrorT and ReaderT , in comes a continuation - passing style .
If I want to , I ’m now able to make the next version of CHP not depend on mtl ( nor on any other monad transformer library ) .
I ’m not sure if this is worth doing — does it actually make anyone ’s life easier using CHP if it does n’t depend on mtl ?
The only external change that would result from giving up mtl in the chp package is the MonadIO CHP instance .
MonadIO is a useful type - class in mtl for any monad ( like CHP ) that sits on top of IO .
I would stop having an instance of MonadIO CHP in the CHP library , and would instead provide a liftIO_CHP :: IO a -> CHP a function for the same purpose , which could then be used in a MonadIO instance for CHP in your own package ( using MonadIO from mtl , or from transformers , or whatever your favourite monad transformer library is ) .
There was a recent proposal to split MonadIO from mtl because it ’s so useful ( and can be stand - alone ) but that has n’t happened yet .
The change from liftIO to the function liftIO_CHP would actually be slightly beneficial for me ( due to some other work going on ) but could be a pain to users who do n’t care about mtl / transformers and who do n’t want to have to alter their existing code .
If you are bothered either way — keeping mtl and the MonadIO instance in CHP versus removing them — speak up .
There is something endearingly old - fashioned about Fulham , about their ground , about their manager , even about the way they set about winning European ties .
Which is not to decry their achievements ; rather it is to acknowledge that wherever the tides of tactical evolution take football , certain virtues remain constant .
Watching Fulham beat Shakhtar Donetsk at Craven Cottage earlier this season , you could have been watching almost any game between an English side and an eastern European team from the 70s or 80s , as pluck and organisation eventually overcame technically superior opponents .
It was a similar story in their 0 - 0 draw with Hamburg last week , methodical patient obduracy eventually breaking the will of opponents who , if football were merely a test of skill , would surely have won quite comfortably .
Yes , Mark Schwarzer made a couple of useful late saves , but Fulham were never subjected to the sort of onslaught to which , for instance , they subjected Juventus .
Had Bobby Zamora been fully fit , they might even have nicked the away goal they 'd managed in Donetsk , Turin and Wolfsburg .
In the tale of them training on the hard shoulder after being caught in a traffic jam , there even seemed a nod to Clough - like eccentricity , he having made Peter Shilton train on a Madrid roundabout before the 1980 European Cup final .
It 's the sort of story that , should Fulham reach the final , will echo through the ages , a quirk of management that will be deemed to have drawn the squad together , as perhaps it did .
As Phil Brown , Roy Keane and others – perhaps even Clough in his later years – have discovered , team - building eccentricity is not an easy trick to pull off , for it requires both a fine judgment of the mood of the squad and that the squad should have absolute faith in their manager .
If not , the manager just looks rather silly and the players feel resentful .
It 's hard not to be reminded of Steve Archibald 's comment that team spirit is an illusion brought on by victory when considering the difference in reaction of Hull 's players to having their half - time team - talk on the pitch at Eastlands , and Fulham 's to running up and down the side of an autobahn .
Hodgson 's method
That Fulham 's players responded positively , seem even to have regarded it as rather a laugh , is evidence of the esteem in which they hold Hodgson .
Given the job he has done , though , that is natural .
The narrative arc of his time at Fulham feels like the plot of some unpublished Michael Hardcastle novel , perhaps called something like " Manager " , in which one of the kids brings in a friend of his dad who looks a bit like an owl and has done something ill - defined abroad for 30 years .
There is widespread suspicion , but gradually the team adapts to his methods , avoid relegation in thrilling circumstances , and two seasons later find themselves on the brink of a European final .
Actually , that 's pretty much how it sounds when Simon Davies describes it as well .
" We 're two and a half years down the line now , so we 're all converted , " he said , hinting that there were doubts about Hodgson 's methods at first .
So what is it that Fulham do ?
The easy answer is that they keep their shape , and certainly that was in evidence against Hamburg , who passed and passed and passed and found navy shirts thwarting their progress wherever they went ( a more complete analysis of that game is given here on the excellent zonalmarking website ) .
But why ?
Everybody knows that teams who keep their shape are harder to break down ; why and how are Fulham better at doing it than other sides ?
There is , sadly , no easy solution ; it 's all down to hard work .
" We work on it every day , " said Davies .
" Every day in training is geared towards team shape .
I 've been working with the manager three seasons now and every day is team shape , and it shows . "
A faint smile suggests the work is n't necessarily particularly interesting .
" We have a little laugh about it now and again , " Davies said , " but when he [ Hodgson ] came in we were fighting relegation and now we 're in the Europa League so you take it .
If you 're going to play for him you 've got to put a shift in and perform , work to a system and be tight defensively . "
So what is it exactly that they work on ?
" I do n't want to give any secrets away , " Davies said , " but he gets the 11 that he wants and he drills everything in that he wants .
We 've got the ball – it's never unopposed .
It 's certain drills defensive , certain drills attacking and we work very hard at it .
There 's no diagrams , it 's just all on the pitch .
We do a lot of work after every game on analysis , sorting the bad things out , sorting the good things out .
It 's nice to know what you work hard on works so well .
It 's just working on little things now and hoping we can still get better . "
Often those who work hardest in such a system go unnoticed , as the likes of Stephane Guivarc'h have found .
He was derided by outsiders for his finishing at the 1998 World Cup , but revered by those within the France squad for his work - rate and his intelligent running .
According to Davies , Zamora suffered a similar disregard last season , before some high - profile and spectacular goals this season won him the acclaim he deserves .
" Last year playing with him you could see what he brought to the team but only maybe playing could you appreciate that , " he said .
" The fans obviously look at and judge strikers by goals , and last year he did n't get his fair share , but this year he 's absolutely on fire .
He shoots all the time and they 're going in at the minute .
Confidence makes a massive difference .
" Everyone last year was talking about Emile Heskey and what he brings to the team .
It was the same with us last year , with [ Zamora 's ] work rate and bringing the midfielders into the game all the time .
When you do n't have somebody like that you really miss him , and this year he 's added goals to it and he 's looking a top player .
It 's just a shame people sometimes overlook that there are other things you look for in a striker than goals . "
Second - order complexity
Hodgson 's philosophy has remained more or less unchanged since he joined Maidstone as Bobby Houghton 's assistant coach in 1971 .
There they implemented the ideas of Allen Wade , the modernising technical director of the FA , who , in a quite literal way , rewrote the coaching manual .
Wade saw no point in drills that were n't specifically related to game play , and so formulated a whole theory of coaching based on specific match situations .
Houghton and Hodgson moved to Sweden , Houghton at Malmo and Hodgson at Halmstad , and it was there that Wade 's ideas took root , as Sweden was divided between the modern , English method – which favoured pressing , zonal marking and counter - attacking with direct passes – and the more traditional German school with a libero and man-marking .
As the Swedish academic Tomas Peterson put it , " they threaded together a number of principles , which could be used in a series of combinations and compositions , and moulded them into an organic totality – an indivisible project about how to play football .
Every moment of the match was theorised , and placed as an object - lesson for training - teaching , and was looked at in a totality . "
Traditionalists , including Lars Arnesson , who had been appointed as a de facto technical director to work alongside Sweden 's national manager , called the English approach " dehumanising " and said it turned players into " robots " , but it was undeniably effective .
They won five out of six league titles between them , while Houghton took Malmo to the 1979 European Cup final , where they were narrowly beaten by Clough 's Nottingham Forest .
More than that , they changed the mindset of Swedish coaching , inspiring , among others , Tord Grip and Sven - Goran Eriksson .
The football their sides produced may not have been as obviously aesthetically pleasing as what had gone before , but Peterson compares it to listening to Charlie Parker after Glenn Miller or viewing Picasso after classical landscapes .
" The change does not just lie in the aesthetic assimilation , " he wrote .
" The actual organisation of art and music happens on a more advanced level . "
Naivety is gone , and there is a second order of complexity ; football , as other cultural modes had since the dawn of modernism , began to work with an overt knowledge of its workings .
The second leg
The early Swedish critics who condemned the sterility of some of the English school may have had a point .
Certainly when two Wadian 4 - 4 - 2s meet – as they did in Hamburg last Thursday – the result can be unspectacular , something perhaps exaggerated by the use of inside - out wingers .
Their possibilities may be thrilling from an attacking point of view , but when both sides use them cautiously – Davies and Damien Duff for Fulham , Piotr Trochowski and Jonathan Pitroipa for Hamburg – with an absence of attacking full - backs the effect can be stifling .
Part of the game - plan of both sides is to compress the effective playing area vertically by playing in three compact bands ; inside - out wingers also compress it horizontally , by constantly coming inside .
In fact , if there is a criticism of Fulham this season that it is not explicable by the slenderness of their squad , it is that in defensive mode they seem to struggle to pose any sort of threat .
Of the last 12 games in which they 've kept clean sheets , seven have finished 0 - 0 , and in only one – against Manchester United — have Fulham scored more than once .
In the absence of an away goal for the first time in a knockout European this season , that must be a concern ( which is one of the reasons the away goals rule is such an excrescence ) .
Given the sacking of Bruno Labbadia after Sunday 's 5 - 1 defeat to Hoffenheim and his replacement with Ricardo Moniz , once a skills coach at Tottenham , it is difficult to know how Hamburg will line up on Thursday , although given Labbadia 's apparent unpopularity they will presumably be mentally buoyed , but we can be sure that Hodgson will be sticking to the familiar programme , remaining loyal to a mode of play that has served him well for almost four decades .
Reading Phil McNulty 's blog after the Arsenal - Barcelona game , I was struck by the number of people who went out of their way to criticise the performance of Lionel Messi .
It is indicative of the enormous pressure the young Argentine will be under in the World Cup - the same pressure that broke his friend and former Barca team - mate Ronaldinho four years ago .
People are expecting circus tricks and something special in every game .
It is the dilemma of the big name star in today 's football .
The overkill of the marketing industry means that there is more focus than ever before on the top individuals - at a time when the physical and tactical development of the game makes football more collective than ever before .
Lionel Messi turns away from Cesc Fabregas during Barcelona 's 2 - 2 Champions League draw at Arsenal - pic : Getty
Back in the 1950s , when sides played the WM system , football was essentially a collection of one against one duels - the right - back against the left - winger , the left - back against the right - winger , the centre - back against the centre - forward , and so on .
The great Hungarian side of the mid-50s rendered this obsolete .
Their centre - forward dropped deep , leaving the centre - half in no man 's land , and two attacking midfielders rushed in for the kill .
Players became important not only in terms of the space they occupied , but also because of the space where their dynamism could take them .
The Brazilians found a way to protect themselves against this threat - the back four , with its key concept of extra defensive cover .
But withdrawing an extra man to the back line left the midfield duo with acres around them , a problem spotted by left - winger Mario Zagallo , who funnelled back to help .
As the French coach Aime Jacquet said decades later , Zagallo taught the world that a player can have two shirts - that of attacker and defender .
Zagallo was fundamental to the World Cup wins of ' 58 and ' 62 and four years later England had a Zagallo on either flank , with Martin Peters and Alan Ball carrying out the double function .
And so was born 4 - 4 - 2 , probably the most successful system in the history of the game .
It was a key moment on the way to the revolutionary Holland side of 1974 , with its clear intention of having as many players as possible involved in the play at any given moment , either in trying to win the ball back , or in giving options to the man on the ball .
The whole team - even the goalkeeper - had two shirts .
It was the football of participation .
According to Brazil 's physical preparation specialists , at the time of that great Dutch side , players were running 5,000 metres per game .
By the mid 90s this had doubled , and now some players are covering 13,000 .
Obviously , this leaves less space on the field for the star player to show his stuff .
Instead of the previous succession of isolated one against duels , the game now is a permanent dispute of 11 against 11 , where teams fight to create space for their talented players .
Mario Zagallo , scoring during the 1958 World Cup final , filled a vital dual role for Brazil - pic : Getty
Now , more than ever , the rule applies that the stars appear when the balance of the team is correct .
It is impossible to judge the contribution of the gifted individual without reference to how he fits in to the collective context .
But in today 's climate this elemental truth can be hidden .
With all the individual endorsement deals , FIFA World Player of the Year awards and so on , it can be easy to lose sight of the fact that football is a team game .
A player 's performance , though , should not be judged on how many stepovers he performed , but by how his display contributed to the team 's objective .
Lionel Messi against Arsenal is an illustration .
The little man had a profound effect on the game .
He wants the ball played to his feet and the opposition are justifiably terrified by the prospect of him turning and spinning into one of his dribbles , and so they try to crowd him out .
The centre - back on that side of the field is concerned with pushing up and denying him space , which means that if Ibrahimovic can spin off the other centre back he is through on goal .
There is no cover .
The mere presence of Messi has negated the key advantage of the back four formation .
On the evidence of last month 's 1 - 0 win away to Germany , Argentina have also worked out how to use Messi as a decoy .
He drags the opposing defence over to the right , creating space for Angel Di Maria to fly down the other flank .
This is something that national team coach Diego Maradona understands well .
In his finest hour , the 1986 World Cup , he took out England and Belgium single handedly on the way to the final , where he met the full force of the German marking .
What did he do ?
He dragged his markers all over the field and provided passes for his team - mates , like the one from which Jorge Burruchaga scored the winning goal .
It was superb individual talent placed at the service of the collective - and that is the mark of the truly great player .
Comments on the piece in the space provided .
Questions on South American football to vickerycolumn@hotmail.com , and I 'll pick out a couple for next week .
From last week 's postbag :
Q ) What has happened to Andres D' Alessandro ?
He seems to have been lost off the radar since he had a loan move to Portsmouth .
Is he ever likely to fulfil his early promise and do you think he is ever likely to play for the national team again ?
Jamie Hill
A ) Never say never , but his career has n't come close to fulfilling the hopes I had for him .
European football can be hard on the playmaker , with the space squeezed and he was often turned into a wide midfielder , which he was not keen on .
He 's in Brazil with Internacional of Porto Alegre .
There are some nice touches , but he's not dominating the game the way he promised to do when he first broke into the River Plate side .
Q ) I was wondering how Édison Méndez has been getting on since returning home to Ecuador with Liga de Quito .
I always thought that Méndez looked a useful player when he was at PSV and I was surprised to see that he had returned to South America whilst still reasonably young at 30 .
Conor McCann
A ) I too am a huge fan - followed him on the way up and see him as an excellent all round midfielder who is worthy of wider attention .
He helped LDU win the Copa Sud or Sul Americana ( Europa League equivalent ) and he's now gone to Brazil to join Atletico Mineiro , though he 's not eligible to play until July .
Q ) Is there any chance Nelson Cuevas will make the Paraguay squad this year ?
Coaches do n't seem to like him but he has made a real impact off the bench in previous World Cups .
He is one of the most skilful players I 've ever seen .
Alex Morton
A ) I first saw him at the start of 1999 in the South American Under - 20 Championships .
He played at both right - back and left wing , and interpreted both roles in exactly the same way - going on mazy dribbles with the ball tied to his foot .
He was indeed a great impact sub in the last two World Cups , and is pushing his claims back at home with Olimpia .
But Paraguay have a couple of players in front of him in the queue who also look like promising impact subs - Edgar Benitez on the left , and the fast arriving Rodolfo Gamarra on the right .
Cuevas ' chances are not looking good at the moment .
Your daily dose of news and tidbits from the world of money in politics :
GOLDMAN SACHS A POPULAR INVESTMENT FOR LAWMAKERS :
While the Securities and Exchange Commission endeavors to whack Goldman Sachs for alleged fraud , it ’s worth noting that another government entity — Congress — is deeply invested in the company .
Quite literally .
While the Securities and Exchange Commission endeavors to whack Goldman Sachs for alleged fraud , it ’s worth noting that another government entity — Congress — is deeply invested in the company .
Quite literally .
In 2008 , Goldman Sachs tied for 26th place among the most popular personal investments by members of Congress , a Center for Responsive Politics analysis of mandatory congressional financial filings indicates .
Two members — Randy Neugebauer ( R - Texas ) and Jim Himes ( D - Conn . ) disclosed owning Goldman Sachs stock or other Goldman Sachs - related investments valued in the hundreds of thousands of dollars , while 11 other members reported Goldman assets somewhere between $ 10,000 and $ 100,000 , the Center ’s research indicates .
( Update , April 22 🙂 Himes ’ communications director , Elizabeth Kerr , told Capital Eye that Himes in 2009 “ divested himself completely of any interest in financial institutions , including Goldman Sachs ” upon joining the Financial Services Committee , and “ his 2009 financial disclosure form to be released in May will confirm these sales . ”
( Update , April 28 : ) Neugebauer ’s chief of staff , Jeanette Whitener , emphasized in an e-mail that her boss ’ Goldman Sachs - related investments are not , and have never been , in Goldman Sachs stock .
“ He is a customer of Goldman Sachs through a brokerage account which includes investments similar to mutual funds , ” she wrote .
“ As a member of the Financial Services Committee , Congressman Neugebauer does not own stock in any financial institutions . ”
Notable members of the five - figure club include House Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) , Rep. Jane Harman ( D - Calif . ) and Sens. Kit Bond ( R - Mo. ) and Ben Nelson ( D - Neb . ) .
Note that federal lawmakers are only required to report their assets in broad ranges , and 2008 is the most recent year for which personal financial disclosures are available .
It ’s unknown how many members of Congress , a Senate panel of which is expected to soon release results of a separate inquiry into Goldman Sachs , at this moment invest in the company .
In all , 28 members of Congress in 2008 reported some level of investment in Goldman Sachs .
GUN PROVISION SHOOTS DOWN D.C. VOTING RIGHTS BILL : A bill to expand the District of Columbia ’s voting rights — tantamount to granting District residents congressional representation — is effectively dead , the result of an amendment to the bill that would have wiped out many of the District ’s gun laws , the Washington Post A bill to expand the District of Columbia ’s voting rights — tantamount to granting District residents congressional representation — is effectively dead , the result of an amendment to the bill that would have wiped out many of the District ’s gun laws , the Washington Post reports
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) described his decision to scuttle the bill as one of “ extraordinary disappointment ” but that the “ price was too high ” to move it forward .
The National Rifle Association , which had pushed for the amendment , wo n’t get what it wants , either .
The bill , Hoyer says , is unlikely to come up the rest of the year , gun amendment or not .
The NRA is a consistent federal lobbying force , spending at least $ 1.5 million on lobbying efforts each year since 2001 , the Center ’s research shows .
In 2009 , the NRA recorded its strongest lobbying output since 1998 , spending more than $ 2 million to influence the federal government .
CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS , IN THE NEWS :
In a front - page article today , the Washington Post‘s R. Jeffrey Smith Post , which also quotes
In a front - page article today , the ‘s R. Jeffrey Smith writes that both the Democratic National Committee and Republican National Committee have this election cycle spent tens of millions of dollars on such items as limousines , hotels , meals , tips and a variety of swag .
This information comes from a report the Center for Responsive Politics produced for the , which also quotes Sheila Krumholz , the Center ’s executive director …
Rich Blake at ABC
News also highlights a study the Center produced for the network about how the five biggest political donors from the hedge fund industry contributed most of their cash to Democrats …
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
I finally read War and Peace - a great book of course , but one minor bit of self - censorship on Tolstoy ’s part caught my eye .
The context is just before the Battle of Krasnoi as the Russian army is about to crush the last remnants of Napoleon ’s Grande Armée retreating from Moscow .
Field Marshall Kutuzov first tells his gathered troops to consider that the French are human too and have suffered along with them .
Then , after a dramatic pause he continues :
“ But , that said , who invited them here ?
It ’s their own doing , f… th… in the f… ” , he suddenly said , raising his head . ”
( Book 4 , Chapter VI , p. 1089 of this edition . )
So what could this be : “ f … th… in the f … ” ?
This translation by Larissa Volokhonsky and Richard Pevear , has been highly praised for its faithfulness to Tolstoy ’s original , and as well - documented as it is , there was no footnote indicating what the literal meaning might be here .
I went back to some older translations to see how they handled it , but they were even more redacted :
( 1904 ) “ To tell the truth , who sent for them ?
Serves them right those — — — — — — — — , ” he suddenly said , raising his head .
( 1928 ) “ But after all who asked them here ?
Serves them right , the b… b… ! … ” he cried , suddenly lifting his head .
( 1930 ) “ But after all who asked them here ?
Serves them right , the bloody bastards ! ” he cried , suddenly lifting his head .
( 2008 ) “ But , that said , who invited them here ?
It ’s there own doing , f … th … in the f … ” , he suddenly said , raising his head .
I looked up the original text to see if Tolstoy himself had censored it , and ( as I expected ) it was :
— А и то сказать , кто же их к нам звал ?
Поделом им , м… и… в г…. — вдруг сказал он , подняв голову .
Clearly this had to be some standard , idiomatic phrase , so I turned to some of my Russian colleagues to see if they recognized it , but even they were stumped .
After some looking around they came across a paper ( in Russian ) with the phrase spelled out :
” - А и то сказать , кто же их к нам звал ?
Поделом им , м [ать ] и [ хъ ] в г[ узно ] , - вдруг сказал он [… и ] галопом в первый раз за всю компанию поехал прочь от радостно хохотавших и ревевших ура [ … ] солда т ” ( IV , 4 , VI ; 1951 - 1953 , 7 : 194 ) .
So this is the original phrase :
“ мать твою в гузн о ”
The reason my colleagues did n’t recognize it is that it is a rather old fashioned phrase , and one that would have only been used by an old man , such as Kutuzov , even back then ; but the literal meaning still carries a sting :
Ginger is 3 years old and yes she is a lady .
She is the most loyal dog I have ever owned and has brought nothing but joy to our family .
Perry Farrell will release a limited edition 9 - vinyl box set titled Perry Farrell : The Glitz ; The Glamour – a retrospective of his 35 year career .
Via Rolling Stone :
Perry Farrell to Release 35 - Year Retrospective Box Set
Box set and Blu - Ray will span of Farrell ’s career , including early recording “ Ho Ka Hey ”
By Claire Shaffer
Perry Farrell — the frontman for Jane ’s Addiction , Porno for Pyros and Satellite Party — has announced Perry Farrell : The Glitz ; The Glamour , a nine - vinyl box set that will take a retrospective look at Farrell ’s prolific 35 - year - long career .
The box set ’s 68 tracks cover rarities and early recordings of Farrell ’s , including “ Ho Ka Hey , ” a song from his first band Psi Com that was originally released in 1985 as part of a five - track EP .
Taking inspiration from Joy Division and Siouxsie and the Banshees , Farrell recorded the post - punk tune just prior to the formation of Jane ’s Addiction ; it showcases Farrell ’s early involvement in the alternative rock scene .
In addition to the vinyl recordings , the box set will include a Blu-ray featuring 12 uncompressed Dolby Atmos mixes from Kind Heaven and three brand - new previously unreleased Atmos mixes , a photographic memoirs hardcover book , a bandana and two exclusive Zoltar prints .
The box set will also be available as a limited streamable download , with preorders beginning August 7th .
Other highlights include an unearthed recording of the Doors ’ Jim Morrison , written and recorded with Starcrawler , and 11 commissioned remixes from and collaborations with Maceo Plex , Groove Armada , UNKLE , Solomun , Booka Shade , Richard Norris , Francois K and the Avalanches .
The prom the school district promised at the country club in Fulton was a ruse .
Only seven kids , Constance , and her date showed , and at the same time , everyone else held a “ real ” prom at a secret location out in the county .
This is all after the school district had represented to Judge Davidson that Constance was invited to a parent - sponsored prom to be held at Tupelo Furniture Market .
The school represented that Constance was invited in court filings , testimony , and representations by the school district and its lawyers .
In reality , Constance had not been invited , but , based on the representations by the district and its counsel , Judge Davidson denied Constance ’s request for a preliminary injunction that she could go to the prom .
The school reneged , or possibly did n’t ever intend to follow through on its representations to the court .
The parents did n’t want Constance at the prom and did n’t want to be sued ( as they told the Clarion Ledger ) , and so on Tuesday announced the cancellation of the prom .
But what they ’d done was secretly relocated it .
Shortly thereafter , the school ’s attorney announced ( on Wednesday ) that “ the prom ” was to be held at the Fulton Country Club on Friday .
But yet only seven kids showed up .
Meanwhile , there ’s a rumor that school officials were directly involved in setting up the “ fake ” prom .
Howard Stringer
President and CEO , Sony
Twenty years ago , my colleagues and I envisioned a radical new product that would revolutionize the portable stereo market .
Some said it could n't be done .
Others made well - reasoned arguments as to why it should n't be done .
But I refused to listen to those naysayers , be they industry insiders , accountants , our R&D department , my two children , or large blocs of irate Sony shareholders .
And here we are today .
Advertisement
So , ladies and gentlemen , without further ado , here it is : the Micro - Walkman .
Yup .
The Micro-Walkman .
Fucking ta-da !
This device is , without a doubt , the last word in cassette technology .
That 's right , I said " cassette . "
Pretty exciting , huh ?
The night before it hits the shelves , I 'm sure every one of you will line up around the block of the nearest Best Buy so you can be the first among your friends to get your hands on this incredible , incredible hunk of absolute shit .
Advertisement
To look around at the modern consumer , glued to his iPod or streaming video off the Internet with her mobile phone , the sensible thing for me to do would be to stop right now , head on back to the hotel bar , and continue drowning the last two decades of my life in scotch .
But you know what ?
I 've already sunk millions into this career - ending nightmare , so fuck it , here goes nothing :
Welcome to the next generation of portable analog entertainment !
Jesus Christ , I actually said that .
I can assure you , there 's nothing else like the Micro - Walkman .
There has n't been since about 1996 , and for good goddamn reason .
Advertisement
You all remember the Walkman , right ?
You know , I 'll bet you even owned one back in the ' 80s .
Well , the Micro - Walkman is almost identical to its older cousin , but about three - quarters the size and at least a decade and a half too fucking late .
What ?
You 're not either staring shocked and slack - jawed or laughing your ass off at this fat fucking idiot trying to tell you about a device so obsolete it should have been abandoned back when Cheers was still on the air ?
All right , I guess I 'll go ahead and highlight some of its ' features ' for you , then !
Advertisement
This baby has auto - reverse functionality , a " MEGA BASS " toggle switch , a belt clip , and an anti-rolling mechanism .
Who the Christ knows what an anti-rolling mechanism is ?
I sure as shit do n't , but I can tell you we spent nine years figuring out how to make it 20 percent smaller .
But what really makes this device completely freaking brilliant is its new proprietary audio format , the Mini -Tape .
Advertisement
HAHAHAHA !
Okay , here we go .
Though smaller than a standard cassette , the Mini - Tape still holds a full hour of music and — thanks to two decades of effort from Sony 's highly paid engineers — delivers a listening experience that eliminates almost half of the standard tape hiss .
Advertisement
No doubt every music fan in the entire world is breathless with anticipation over this new way to experience their favorite songs by the dozen or so recording artists who so moronically committed to this excruciating project back in 1991 .
If the courts rule their contracts are still valid , Sony will soon be releasing Micro - Walkman - ready tunes by Kenny Loggins , Toad the Wet Sprocket , and the late Falco , among many other pop superstars , such as Shoot Me In The Head and Why Did I Waste My Life On This Sack of Crap .
You 'll just have to wait , because this ingenious device wo n't be in stores for another month .
You must be so jealous to see this disgraced executive , who holds a clunky , unusable personal stereo in one hand and a pair of flimsy foam - padded headphones in the other while the warbly analog strains of Color Me Badd 's " I Wanna Sex You Up " plays tinnily in the background .
Advertisement
And you might feel further envy when you learn that this same man proclaimed in 1992 that CDs were " just a passing fad , " and then , following that whole MiniDisc fiasco , concluded that people prefer tapes .
But here I am , the only one daring enough to devote one - third of his life to the groundbreaking development of this unbelievably shitty and redundant medium .
Should any of you still have doubts — Jesus H. Christ , why in holy fuck would you ?— let me assure you there are worse things you can do than invest in a Micro - Walkman .
You could , for example , invest in the 500,000 of them destined to sit forever in a warehouse outside of Guangzhou .
You could stake your " career " on a collaboration with GM to put Mini - Tape decks in high - end SUVs .
You could even listen halfheartedly as your lead designer attempts to explain MP3s to you in 1998 and then immediately fire him for losing sight of the project goal .
At $ 29.99 , this thing 's a bargain .
No ? Fine . $ 9.99 .
Advertisement
Wanna be ahead of the curve ?
Buy a Micro - Walkman .
Ugh .
Remember , though , do n't switch directly from fast - forward to rewind .
We never could figure out why that always caused the goddamn thing to eat the tape .
Advertisement
Fuck you all .
С 1 октября начинается распродажа валюты .
Какие появились риски для сбережений и где сейчас не стоит хранить деньг и
С 1 октября Центробанк начинает дополнительные продажи валюты на внутреннем рынке .
По мнению финансистов , это поможет ... читать дале е
Im Vatikan wäre Sex mit Kindern ab 12 Jahren erlaubt Florian Rötzer
Mit Malta hat der Vatikanstaat in Europa das niedrigste Schutzalter
Immer wieder tauchen Meldungen von kleinen Mädchen im Alter von neun oder zehn Jahren auf , die in Stammesgebieten im Jemen oder auch in Pakistan mit alten Männern verheiratet wurden .
Entsprechend tief liegt dort das so genannte Schutzalter für Kinder , das länderspezifisch festlegt , wie alt ein Kind mindestens sein muss , damit Erwachsene oder Jugendliche mit ihm unter bestimmten Bedingungen straflos sexuelle Beziehungen eingehen können .
Von Islamkritikern wird dies gerne als barbarisch bezeichnet , was es auch ist , allerdings liegt - mit Ausnahme des westlichen Partners Saudi - Arabien , wo es nicht einmal ein Mindesatalter für die Heirat gibt - , ansonsten so wie in Europa .
Allerdings hat ausgerechnet der Vatikanstaat neben Malta das niedrigste Schutzalter für Kinder , worauf Welt Online hingewiesen hat .
Das liegt dort bei 12 Jahren , auch wenn es im Vatikanstaat nur wenige Kinder gibt .
Im früher erzkatholischen Spanien konnte das Schutzalter 2003 von 12 auf 13 Jahre angehoben werden , so dass sich hier Spanien dem Iran angenähert hat .
In Deutschland liegt es wie etwa in Österreich , Ungarn oder Italien bei 14 Jahren , in Frankreich oder Polen bei 15 Jahren .
In den USA liegt es hingegen wie in der Schweiz , in Indien , Kanada , Russland , England , Norwegen , Holland oder Australien zwar meist bei 16 Jahren , in manchen Bundesstaaten aber auch bei 18 Jahren wie auch in der Türkei oder in Ägypten , was nur das andere Extrem ist .
In manchen Ländern ist das Schutzalter von Mädchen und Jungen unterschiedlich .
Extrem ist Jemen , wo Mädchen , wenn sie in der Pubertät sind , auch als heiratsfähig gelten , weswegen nach der Heirat Sex mit ihnen legal ist .
Es verwundert , warum der Vatikan , gerade wenn die Kirche weltweit schon seit langem von Missbrauchsfällen gegen Kinder geplagt ist , nicht das Schutzalter erhöht hat , wie das Italien auch schon längst gemacht hat .
Das wäre zumindest eine symbolische Geste gewesen .
Es nicht zu machen , kann auch als eine symbolische Geste verstanden werden .
Vermutlich ist das Schutzalter aus Unaufmerksamkeit beibehalten worden , allerdings meint etwa der Wiener Rechtsprofessor Manfred Nowak , der Internationalen Menschenrechtsschutz lehrt und für die Vereinten Nationen als Sonderberichterstatter tätig ist , dass der Vatikan das Schutzalter absichtlich so niedrig gehalten habe .
Offenbar sieht er den Katholizismus als dafür verantwortlich .
Malta , Spanien und der Vatikan seien , so stellte die Welt seine Aussage dar , seien stärker als andere Länder katholisch geprägt .
Dem widerspricht freilich , dass etwa in Irland das Schutzalter 17 Jahre beträgt .
It has become fashionable to assert that , far from being dead , belief in God is so deeply ingrained in the human psyche that it is universal and perpetual .
This opinion influences the thinking of theists and scientists alike .
In " Jesus Was a Liberal : Reclaiming Christianity for All , " theologian Scotty McLennen contends that because humans are hard - wired for religion , it must be reformed rather than refuted to better fit the modern world .
The hypothesis that people are genetically preprogrammed to be pious because it confers ...
In Afghanistan today , in the midst of war and endemic poverty , an ancient tradition — banned when the Taliban were in power — has re-emerged across the country :
Many hundreds of boys , often as young as 11 , are being lured off the streets on the promise of a new life , many unaware that their real fate is to be used for entertainment and sex .
With remarkable access inside a sexual exploitation ring operating in Afghanistan , an Afghan journalist investigates this illegal practice , talking with the boys and their masters , and documenting how the Afghan authorities responsible for stopping these crimes are sometimes themselves complicit in the practice .
Philip 's sporting passion lives on in the form of carriage driving The Duke of Edinburgh has suffered a " minor injury " to his ankle while carriage driving at the Windsor estate , Buckingham Palace has said .
Prince Philip , 88 , was with a female groom when their ponies ran away and the carriage hit a tree stump .
He suffered bruising and did not need to go to hospital but the groom was treated for an elbow injury .
Earlier this month , his daughter - in - law , the Duchess of Cornwall , fractured her leg while hill - walking in Scotland .
Sporting injury A spokeswoman said : " The duke has a minor injury to his ankle and did not need hospital treatment .
He has been out and about as normal this afternoon . "
It is not known which ankle is affected .
She added the ponies involved were all recovered unharmed .
The duke is a competitive carriage driver , having taken up the sport in 1971 .
He has represented Britain at several European and World championships and continues to compete in four - in - hand carriage driving with his team of Fell ponies .
[ Prince Philip ] has had several quite bad injuries carriage driving where the carriage has actually turned over
Ingrid Seward Ingrid Seward , editor of Majesty Magazine , told the BBC that the duke was at the " top of his tree " in the business .
She said the duke 's ponies were " quite spirited " and they were used to racing around bends .
She expected the duke had been practising for competitions and what had happened could have happened to anyone .
But she said : " You can sustain quite a nasty injury like that .
He has had several quite bad injuries carriage driving where the carriage has actually turned over . "
Prince Philip has had several sports - related medical problems .
While a polo player , he developed arthritis in his right wrist and synovitis , a rheumatoid condition of the tendon in the hand .
He also broke a bone in his left ankle while playing the game in 1961 , while three years later he pulled a ligament in his left shoulder after falling from his pony .
In 2005 , he bruised his left eye after slipping in the bath and in 2008 , he was hospitalised because of a chest infection .
Most recently , in 2009 , the duke was forced to miss engagements because of a back injury sustained while driving a horse and carriage .
He is set to attend an official function in Bray in Berkshire on Saturday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Unless you 're Isaac Newton , scientific advances are usually the product of many minds working together in mutual , friendly collaboration .
Unfortunately , even geniuses can get bogged down in petty arguments , and we would probably all be flying to work on rocket motorcycles by now if history 's greatest geniuses had n't spent their entire careers arguing over who had the biggest Bunsen burner .
7 The Fight Over Who Discovered HIV
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
What Their Feud Cost Us :
Years of AIDS research .
AIDS was first discovered in 1981 , prompting a race to find the virus that caused it .
We 'd like to be able to say that the appeal was in saving a lot of lives , but it probably also had a lot to do with the fact that whoever found it stood to become as famous and wealthy as a scientist can get , all walking around the lab in a pimp hat and fat gold chains .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Working around the clock , a French research team identified the HIV virus in 1983 , but they were n't absolutely certain about their discovery , so they decided to send their samples to an American team for a second opinion .
The Americans did n't return the phone call for a full year , after which point they declared that they had mysteriously discovered HIV .
America : Stealing Europe 's diseases since 1776 .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
What followed were years of debates and arguments between the two research teams that continued until 1987 , when Ronald Reagan and Jacques Chirac finally decided to step in and force the teams to share the credit for the discovery so that we could go on and actually start doing something about , you know , curing AIDS .
The Aftermath :
It would probably have been to our benefit to have been able to start treating HIV before it spread around the globe and became one of the worst pandemics ever known to mankind .
Each year the SPIRES database team compiles a list of the most - cited research articles in high - energy physics .
Here we present the most recent addition to this collection .
As usual , the Particle Data Group 's " Review of Particle Physics " tops the 2009 list of the most - cited papers .
The rest of the Top Ten is composed of papers in observational astrophysics / cosmology as well as now - classic string theory papers .
The astrophysics / cosmology contingent , bolstered by SPIRES ' inclusion a few years ago of more astrophysics literature , includes three by WMAP [ 2,4,10 ] and one each by the Supernova Cosmology Project [ 6 ] and Supernova Search Team [ 7 ] , as well as the Schlegel - Finkbeiner - Davis paper [ 5 ] on maps of dust ( a more detailed discussion of many of these papers can be found in Scott Dodelson 's special 2003 astro - ph topcite review ) .
The string theory classics are the papers of Maldacena [ 3 ] , Witten [ 8 ] and Gubser - Klebanov - Polyakov [ 9 ] ( more information on these can be found in the 1998 topcites review by Michael Peskin ) .
Other lists , including those from past years , can be interesting to look at .
Pay special attention to the lists broken down by eprint archives , which identify papers of interest both from and within the various subfields of high - energy physics .
Keep in mind that citation counts can never be exact ; there is something like a 5 percent error in most of these numbers .
Please do not fret about number 32 versus 33 , as this is often not a statistically significant difference .
Remember the detailed warning about the accuracy of these counts .
Also note that the counts shown and used in the rankings are the counts as of Thursday March 4th 2010 .
Further , the counts shown by the ranking are only the cites satisfying the criteria for that list .
Actual citation numbers in the database may change as corrections are made and papers are added ; the links will take you to the updated numbers .
The lists , however , will not update .
The first number for each entry is the number of papers in SPIRES that cited this paper in 2009 .
The second number , " total citations in SPIRES , " is the total number of papers in SPIRES that have cited this paper in all years .
1. 2202 " Review of Particle Physics " by the Particle Data Group .
This review is published every other year .
The most recent version is published in Phys .
Lett.B667:1,2008 .
[ 2374 total citations for the most recent version , and a total of 36,001 citations in SPIRES for all the versions over the years . ]
2. 1058 " Five - year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP ) observations : cosmological interpretation " by the WMAP Collaboration .
Published in Astrophys.J.Suppl.180:330-376,2009(arXiv:0803.0547 ) [ 1953 total citations in SPIRES ]
3. 706" The Large N limit of superconformal field theories and supergravity " by Juan Martin Maldacena ( Harvard University . )
Published in Adv. Theor .
Math .
Phys.2:231-252,1998 , Int.J.Theor .
Phys.38:1113-1133,1999(arXiv:hep-th/9711200 ) [ 6662 total citations in SPIRES ]
4. 595 " Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP ) three - year results : implications for cosmology , " by the WMAP Collaboration .
Published in Astrophys.J.Suppl.170:377,2007(arXiv:astro-ph/0603449 ) [ 3993 total citations in SPIRES ]
5. 578 " Maps of dust IR emission for use in estimation of reddening and CMBR foregrounds " by David J. Schlegel ( Durham University ) and Douglas P. Finkbeiner and Marc Davis ( UC Berkeley ) .
Published in Astrophys .
J.500:525,1998 (arXiv:astro-ph/9710327 ) [ 4604 total citations in SPIRES ]
6. 540 " Measurements of Omega and Lambda from 42 high - redshift supernovae " by the Supernova Cosmology Project .
Published in Astrophys .
J.517:565-586,1999 (arXiv:astro-ph/9812133 ) [ 4816 total citations in SPIRES ]
7. 509 " Observational evidence from supernovae for an accelerating universe and a cosmological constant " by the Supernova Search Team .
Published in Astron .
J.116:1009-1038,1998 ( arXiv:astro-ph/9805201 ) [ 4678 total citations in SPIRES ]
8. 466" Anti-de Sitter space and holography " by Edward Witten ( Princeton University , Institute for Advanced Study ) .
Published in Adv. Theor .
Math .
Phys.2:253-291,1998(arXiv:hep-th/9802150 ) [ 4437 total citations in SPIRES ]
9. 421" Gauge theory correlators from noncritical string theory " by S.S. Gubser , Igor R. Klebanov , and Alexander M. Polyakov ( Princeton University ) .
Published in Phys.Lett.B428:105-114,1998 ( arXiv:hep-th/9802109 ) [ 3919 total citations in SPIRES ]
10 . 416 " First year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP ) observations : Determination of cosmological parameters " by the WMAP Collaboration .
Published in Astrophys.J.Suppl.148:175-194,2003(arXiv:astro-ph/0302209 ) [ 5652 total citations in SPIRES ]
11 . 405 " Five - Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP ) Observations : Likelihoods and Parameters from the WMAP data " by the WMAP Collaboration .
Published in Astrophys.J.Suppl.180:306-329,2009(arXiv:0803.0586 ) [ 803 total citations in SPIRES ]
12 . 371" An anomalous positron abundance in cosmic rays with energies 1.5.100 GeV " by the PAMELA Collaboration .
Published in Nature 458:607-609,2009 ( arXiv:0810.4995 ) [ 487 total citations in SPIRES ]
13 . 369 " Stellar population synthesis at the resolution of 2003 " by G. Bruzual ( Merida , CIDA ) , Stephane Charlot ( Garching , Max Planck Institute & Paris Institute of Astrophysics . ) .
Published in Mon.Not.Roy.Astron.Soc.344:1000,2003(arXiv:astro-ph/0309134 ) [ 1667 total citations in SPIRES ]
14 . 369 " A Large mass hierarchy from a small extra dimension " by Lisa Randall ( Princeton University & MIT ) and Raman Sundrum ( Boston University ) .
Published in Phys.Rev.Lett.83:3370-3373,1999(arXiv:hep-ph/9905221) [ 4471 total citations in SPIRES ]
15 . 357 " A Universal density profile from hierarchical clustering " by Julio F. Navarro ( University of Arizona Department of Astronomy and Steward Observatory ) , Carlos S. Frenk ( Durham University ) , and Simon D.M. White ( Garching , Max Planck Institute . ) .
Published in Astrophys .
J.490:493-508,1997 ( arXiv:astro-ph/9611107 ) [ 2539 total citations in SPIRES ]
16 . 329 " The Sloan Digital Sky Survey : Technical Summary " by the SDSS Collaboration .
Published in Astron .
J.120:1579-1587,2000 ( arXiv:astro-ph/0006396 ) [ 2111 total citations in SPIRES ]
17 . 329" The Two Micron All Sky Survey ( 2MASS ) " by M.F. Skrutskie , R.M. Cutri , R. Stiening , M.D. Weinberg , S. Schneider , J.M. Carpenter , C. Beichman , R. Capps , T. Chester , J. Elias , J. Huchra , J. Liebert , C. Lonsdale , D.G. Monet , S. Price , P. Seitzer , T. Jarrett , J.D. Kirkpatrick , J.E. Gizis , E. Howard , T. Evans , J. Fowler , L. Fullmer , R. Hurt , R. Light , E.L. Kopan , K.A. Marsh , H.L. McCallon , R. Tam , S. Van Dyk , and S. Wheelock .
Published in Astron .
J.131:1163-1183,2006 [ 1028 total citations in SPIRES ]
18 . 323" PYTHIA 6.4 Physics and Manual " by Torbjorn Sjostrand ( Lund University ) , and Stephen Mrenna and Peter Z. Skands ( Fermilab ) .
Published in JHEP 0605:026,2006 ( arXiv:hep-ph/0603175 ) [ 832 total citations in SPIRES ]
19 . 289" The relationship between infrared , optical , and ultraviolet extinction " by Jason A. Cardelli , Geoffrey C. Clayton , and John S. Mathis ( Washburn Observatory ) .
Published in Astrophys .
J.345:245-256,1989 [ 2327 total citations in SPIRES ]
20 . 274" An Alternative to compactification " by Lisa Randall ( Princeton University & MIT ) and Raman Sundrum ( Boston University ) .
Published in Phys.Rev.Lett.83:4690-4693,1999(arXiv:hep-th/9906064 ) [ 3929 total citations in SPIRES ]
21 . 271" The Luminosity function and stellar evolution " by Edwin E. Salpeter ( Australian National University , Canberra & Cornell University ) .
Published in Astrophys .
J.121:161-167,1955 [ 1782 total citations in SPIRES ]
22 . 262 " Five - Year Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe ( WMAP ) Observations : Data Processing , Sky Maps , and Basic Results " by the WMAP Collaboration .
Published in Astrophys.J.Suppl.180:225-245,2009(arXiv:0803.0732 ) [ 524 total citations in SPIRES ]
23 . 259 " Dynamics of dark energy " by Edmund J. Copeland ( Nottingham University ) , M. Sami ( Jamia Millia Islamia ) , and Shinji Tsujikawa ( Gunma National College of Technology ) .
Published in : nt.J.Mod .
Phys .D15:1753-1936,2006 ( arXiv:hep-th/0603057 ) [ 1015 total citations in SPIRES ]
24 . 257" An excess of cosmic ray electrons at energies of 300.800 GeV " by J. Chang , J.H. Adams , H.S. Ahn , G.L. Bashindzhagyan , M. Christl , O. Ganel , T.G. Guzik , J. Isbert , K.C. Kim , E.N. Kuznetsov , M.I. Panasyuk , A.D. Panov , W.K.H. Schmidt , E.S. Seo , N.V. Sokolskaya , J.W. Watts , J.P. Wefel , J. Wu , V.I. Zatsepin ( Purple Mountain Observatory & Lindau , Max Planck Institute & NASA , Marshall & Maryland University & Moscow State University & Louisiana State University ) .
Published in Nature 456:362-365,2008 [ 311 total citations in SPIRES ]
25 . 257" New generation of partondistributions with uncertainties from global QCD analysis " by J. Pumplin , D.R. Stump , J. Huston , H.L. Lai , Pavel M. Nadolsky , W.K. Tung ( Michigan State University ) .
Published in JHEP 0207:012,2002 ( arXiv:hep-ph/0201195 ) [ 1616 total citations in SPIRES ]
26 . 247 " Black holes in binary systems .
Observational appearance " by N.I. Shakura ( Sternberg Astronomical Institute ) , and R.A. Sunyaev ( Moscow , IPM ) .
Published in Astron .
Astrophys.24:337-355,1973 [ 1717 total citations in SPIRES ]
27 . 245" The Hierarchy problem and new dimensions at a millimeter " by Nima Arkani - Hamed ( SLAC ) , Savas Dimopoulos ( Stanford University ) , and G.R. Dvali ( Abdus Salam International Center for Theoretical Physics , Trieste ) .
Published in Phys.Lett.B429:263-272,1998(arXiv:hep-ph/9803315 ) [ 3938 total citations in SPIRES ]
28 . 241 " Detection of the baryon acoustic peak in the large - scale correlation function of SDSS luminous red galaxies " by the SDSS Collaboration .
Published in Astrophys .
J.633:560-574,2005 (arXiv:astro-ph/0501171 ) [ 987 total citations in SPIRES ]
29 . 240" The structure of cold dark matter halos " by Julio F. Navarro ( University of Arizona Department of Astronomy and Steward Observatory ) , Carlos S. Frenk ( Durham University ) , and Simon D.M. White ( Garching , Max Planck Institute ) .
Published in Astrophys .
J.462:563-575,1996(arXiv:astro-ph/9508025 ) [ 1881 total citations in SPIRES ]
30 . 229" A Theory of Dark Matter " by Nima Arkani - Hamed ( Princeton , Institute for Advanced Study ) , Douglas P. Finkbeiner ( Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics ) , Tracy R. Slatyer ( Harvard University ) , and Neal Weiner ( Center for Cosmology and Particle Physics , New York University ) .
Published in Phys.Rev.D79:015014,2009 ( arXiv:0810.0713 ) [ 306 total citations in SPIRES ]
31 . 227" Supersymmetric dark matter " by Gerard Jungman ( Syracuse University ) , Marc Kamionkowski ( Columbia University & Princeton , Institute for Advanced Study ) , and Kim Griest ( UC San Diego ) .
Published in Phys.Rept.267:195-373,1996 ( arXiv:hep-ph/9506380 ) [ 1384 total citations in SPIRES ]
32 . 225 " Type Ia supernova discoveries at z > 1 from the Hubble Space Telescope : Evidence for past deceleration and constraints on dark energy evolution " by the Supernova Search Team .
Published in Astrophys .
J.607:665-687,2004(arXiv:astro-ph/0402512 ) [ 1814 total citations in SPIRES ]
33 . 224" N=6 superconformal Chern - Simons - matter theories , M2 - branes and their gravity duals " by Ofer Aharony ( Weizmann Institute ) , Oren Bergman ( Princeton , Institute for Advanced Study & Technion ) , Daniel Louis Jafferis ( Rutgers University , Piscataway ) , and Juan Maldacena ( Princeton , Institute for Advanced Study ) .
Published in : JHEP 0810:091,2008 ( arXiv:0806.1218 ) [ 423 total citations in SPIRES ]
34 . 222 " Improved Cosmological Constraints from New , Old and Combined Supernova Datasets " by the Supernova Cosmology Project .
Published in Astrophys .
J.686:749-778,2008 ( arXiv:0804.4142 ) [ 335 total citations in SPIRES ]
35 . 221 " Measurement of the Cosmic Ray e+ plus e- spectrum from 20 GeVto 1 TeV with the Fermi Large Area Telescope " by the Fermi LAT Collaboration .
Published in Phys.Rev.Lett.102:181101,2009(arXiv:0905.0025 ) [ 264 total citations in SPIRES ]
36 . 220 " Particle Creation by Black Holes " by S.W. Hawking ( Cambridge University ) .
Published in Commun .
Math .
Phys.43:199-220,1975 , Erratum - ibid.46:206-206,1976 [ 3515 total citations in SPIRES ]
37 . 214 " The cosmological constant and dark energy " by P.J.E. Peebles ( Princeton University ) and Bharat Ratra ( Kansas State University ) .
Published in Rev.Mod .
Phys.75:559-606,2003(arXiv:astro-ph/0207347 ) [ 1465 total citations in SPIRES ]
38 . 212 " The supernova legacy survey : Measurement of omega( m ) , omega( lambda ) and W from the first year data set " by the SNLS Collaboration .
Published in Astron .
Astrophys.447:31-48,2006 (arXiv:astro-ph/0510447 ) [ 1065 total citations in SPIRES ]
39 . 208 " Quantum Gravity at a Lifshitz Point " by Petr Horava ( UC Berkeley & Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ) .
Published in Phys.Rev.D79:084008,2009 ( arXiv:0901.3775 ) [ 247 total citations in SPIRES ]
40 . 208 " CP Violation in the Renormalizable Theory of Weak Interaction " by Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa ( Kyoto University ) .
Published in Prog .
Theor .
Phys.49:652-657,1973 [ 5950 total citations in SPIRES ]
41 . 204 " Simulating the joint evolution of quasars , galaxies and their large - scale distribution " by Volker Springel , Simon D.M. White , Adrian Jenkins , Carlos S. Frenk , Naoki Yoshida , Liang Gao , Julio Navarro , Robert Thacker , Darren Croton , John Helly , John A. Peacock , Shaun Cole , Peter Thomas , Hugh Couchman , August Evrard , Joerg Colberg , Frazer Pearce ( Garching , Max Planck Institute & Durham University & Nagoya University & Victoria University & McMaster University & Edinburgh University Institute for Astronomy & University of Sussex & University of Sussex Astronomy Center & Michigan University & Pittsburgh University & Nottingham University ) .
Published in Nature 435:629-636,2005 ( arXiv:astro-ph/0504097 ) [ 737 total citations in SPIRES ]
42 . 204 " Star formation in galaxies along the Hubble sequence " by Robert C. Kennicutt , Jr. ( University of Arizona Department of Astronomy and Steward Observatory ) .
Published in Ann.Rev.Astron.Astrophys.36:189-231,1998(arXiv:astro-ph/9807187 ) [ 1180 total citations in SPIRES ]
42 . 204 " Experimental and theoretical challenges in the search for the quark gluon plasma : The STAR Collaboration 's critical assessment of the evidence from RHIC collisions " by the STAR Collaboration >
Published in Nucl .
Phys .
A757:102-183,2005 ( arXiv:nucl-ex/0501009 ) [ 863 total citations in SPIRES ]
43 . 195 " The Sixth Data Release of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey " by the SDSS Collaboration .
Published in Astrophys.J.Suppl.175:297-313,2008(arXiv:0707.3413 ) [ 400 total citations in SPIRES ]
44 . 195 " 4 - D gravity on a brane in 5 - D Minkowski space " by G.R. Dvali , Gregory Gabadadze , and Massimo Porrati ( New York University ) .
Published in Phys.Lett.B485:208-214,2000 ( arXiv:hep-th/0005016 ) [ 1138 total citations in SPIRES ]
45 . 195 " Large N field theories , string theory and gravity " by Ofer Aharony ( Rutgers University , Piscataway ) , Steven S. Gubser ( Harvard University ) , Juan Martin Maldacena ( Harvard University & Princeton Institute for Advanced Study ) , Hirosi Ooguri ( UC Berkeley & Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ) , and Yaron Oz ( CERN ) .
Published in Phys.Rept.323:183-386,2000 ( arXiv:hep-th/9905111 ) [ 2247 total citations in SPIRES ]
46 . 193 " Formation of dense partonic matter in relativistic nucleus - nucleus collisions at RHIC : Experimental evaluation by the PHENIX collaboration " by the PHENIX Collaboration .
Published in Nucl .
Phys .
A757:184-283,2005 ( arXiv:nucl-ex/0410003 ) [ 852 total citations in SPIRES ]
47 . 193 " mu --> e gamma at a Rate of One Out of 1 - Billion Muon Decays ? " by Peter Minkowski ( Bern University ) .
Published in Phys.Lett.B67:421,1977 [ 897 total citations in SPIRES ]
48 . 192" The Many lives of AGN : Cooling flows , black holes and the luminosities and colours of galaxies " by Darren J. Croton , Volker Springel , Simon D.M. White , G. De Lucia ( Garching , Max Planck Insttitute ) , C.S. Frenk ( Durham University ) , L. Gao ( Garching , Max Planck Institute ) , A . Jenkins ( Durham University ) , G. Kauffmann ( Garching , Max Planck Institute ) , J.F. Navarro ( Victoria University ) , and N. Yoshida ( Nagoya University ) .
Published in Mon.Not.Roy.Astron.Soc.365:11-28,2006(arXiv:astro-ph/0508046 ) [ 672 total citations in SPIRES ]
49 . 186" The Cosmological simulation code GADGET - 2 " by Volker Springel ( Garching , Max Planck Institute ) .
Published in Mon.Not.Roy.Astron.Soc.364:1105-1134,2005(arXiv:astro-ph/0505010 ) [ 643 total citations in SPIRES ]
50 . 186 " GEANT4 : A Simulation toolkit " by GEANT4 .
Published in Nucl .
Instrum .
Meth.A506:250-303,2003 [ 932 total citations in SPIRES ]
Better Together , Chapter 1 : Young Jack has 4 parents .
Here 's why
In Better Together , parents participate voluntarily and can take their kids back at any time
The Netherlands was once a byword for architecture that was cool , calm and collected .
Not any more .
Jonathan Glancey is thrilled by a madcap new hotel
Can this be real ?
I 'm in Zaandam , near Amsterdam , standing in front of a hotel that looks like a pileup of traditional Dutch houses , all grafted together in bright greens and blues , their pediments , gables , windows and roofs pulling and pushing at my eyes .
My mind is not , however , playing tricks on me .
And no , this is not an April Fool .
This is the Hotel Inntel Zaandam , a madcap fairytale of a building .
In fact , this 12 - storey structure is , for a while , hard to take in .
It looks like a trick , a conjuring act , as if some maverick architect ran off to join the circus , and learned how to balance one building on top of another , possibly while riding a bike .
It 's a stupefying , funny , delightful building – a quirky addition to the skyline of Zaandam , capital of the Zaanstad region and a town best known ( until now ) for its cocoa , biscuits and Europe 's first McDonald's .
" I did n't set out to shock , " says Wilfried van Winden , chief architect of WAM , the Delft - based practice behind it .
" But this is , of course , an outspoken building .
And the language it speaks is the architectural language of Zaanstad .
It makes a big statement , sure , but the building is not an imposition – it belongs here . "
All the facades you see , explains the architect , are based on traditional Zaanstad houses .
" From a stately notary 's dwelling , " he says , " to workers ' cottages . "
Van Winden 's favourite is a re-creation , high up , of a blue house that features in a work by Claude Monet , painted during a trip to Zaandam .
Funny buildings rarely come off .
There was a painful period , not so long ago , when architects worldwide practised a style we learned to call post - modernism .
This mostly involved the cutting and pasting of historic building details on to office blocks , shops and hotels in a puerile attempt to make big new buildings – blocky by nature – lively and entertaining , as if every town could be improved by looking like Las Vegas .
The one country to hold out against this was the Netherlands .
Instead , the Dutch pioneered a line of cool , calm and collected urban buildings that have long been held up as a model of modesty , intelligence and decorum .
Yet there is also an exuberant tradition in Dutch architecture that has been sidelined in recent decades .
One has only to think of the extraordinary housing complex in Amsterdam called Het Schip ( the Ship ) .
Built in 1917 , with soaring prows , a mast - like tower and a wealth of ornamentation , it shows that Dutch architecture over the past 100 years has been a rich affair .
During the last decade , new forms of neo-traditional buildings have sprouted in Dutch towns .
Many are kitsch , but some are wholesome , appropriate and well handled .
WAM 's hotel , however , is in a class of its own ; it will certainly put Zaandam on the tourist map .
" The best compliment I 've had , " says Van Winden , " is from friends who say the building makes them smile .
This should be enough for any architect . "
Curiously , this building started out as the Golden Tulip hotel , part of a small chain , but it was bought , almost immediately , by the Inntel group , who promptly changed its name .
The idea for its design came to Van Winden while he was thinking about the nature of hotels in town centres .
These , he thinks , should be more like a " home from home " rather than concrete boxes .
In the Inntel 's 160 bedrooms , everyone gets to live in a little house rather than an anonymous space that , however plush , could be in Amsterdam or Auckland .
Guests are already taking photographs , so they can tell friends and family : " Look where I stayed ! "
The planners said : ' Go for it !'
The hotel , which cost € 15 m ( £ 13.4 m ) , rises not from some freakishly isolated site , but from a new development of traditional streets lined with neo- traditional buildings .
This might not be to everyone 's taste , yet these streets and buildings root the hotel in an urban flowerbed that seems all of a piece .
A modern building of this size is not , of course , wholly traditional in construction .
The core of the hotel is concrete , while the " houses " that rise up it are timber and clapboard , meaning that many of the rooms , especially the suites , really do feel like individual and even authentic houses .
Cleverly , they come across as both familiar and enticingly new .
The city 's planners gave the hotel the green light because , although a little unusual , it fitted into the area 's overall design .
They were also intrigued , says Van Winden .
" What they said , in a way , was , ' If you can really build this , go for it . ' "
Van Winden founded WAM a year ago .
As you might expect , his style is hard to pin down .
Those who might wish to caricature him as a cartoonist or a clown will be disappointed by the refined and generous Modern housing he recently designed in Amsterdam .
And for all its apparent craziness , this hotel is , at heart , a rational building , with an interior that is carefully planned .
While the bedrooms are essentially modern , they 're adorned with images of traditional Zaandam streetscapes , as well as colourful old adverts for Zaandam cocoa powder and biscuits , blown up to cover entire walls .
Like the facades , these root the hotel firmly in Zaandam .
As Van Winden says , " When you wake up here , I do n't think you 'll say , ' Where am I ? ' "
• This article was amended on 7 April 2010 to correct the spelling of Het Schip .
We 're pretty sure this is n't an April Fool 's joke , and we 're pretty sure that it could be .
Essentially an iPhone dock that sits on your face like a pair of glasses , " Head - Mounted Display Apparatus for Retaining a Portable Electronic Device with Display " details a headset that contains a stereo display and either a camera or a window for your phone 's camera .
Also included in the patent application is a microphone , speaker , batteries , and an accelerometer for detecting the user 's head movements .
Something like this would be great for augmented reality applications -- and something like this would make ever getting a date that much more difficult .
We 'll let you know if this one ever makes it past the drawing board , folks .
Peter Hill - Wood says Barcelona have told Arsenal they will not table a bid for Cesc Fabregas this summer .
Hill - Wood reveals Catalan club 's assurances
Difficult
Peter Hill - Wood has revealed that Barcelona have assured Arsenal they will not table a bid for Cesc Fabregas this summer .
The Spanish midfielder 's future has been the subject of intense speculation for some time and he has often had to dismiss reports of a move back to Barca , where he spent time as a youngster .
Lionel Messi has been quoted as saying that he expects Fabregas to join him at Camp Nou one day because Barcelona is ' in his blood ' .
However , Gunners chairman Hill - Wood has told supporters there will definitely not be a move at the end of this season as the Spanish champions are happy with their current crop of players .
High - level talks were held about the matter during the recent UEFA Champions League tie between the teams .
" There was a private conversation that took place in the boardroom and assurances have been made at the highest possible level , " Hill - Wood told .
" Arsenal do not expect those to be broken .
I was not privy to the conversation , but was told about it .
" They said to us they are not interested [ this summer ] .
It was a recent conversation , as recent as the time that they played us in the Champions League in fact as we got a bit upset because of all the media speculation .
" Subsequent to the conversation , if they are interested at any time in the future , they would come to us direct .
" However I 'm not sure they are going to do that , because they told us they are pretty happy with what they have got and are pretty happy with their current players .
" Hill - Wood will be aware that Barca 's hierarchy could change completely before the transfer window closes due to this summer 's presidential elections , rendering such assurances meaningless .
But Hill - Wood does not believe a move to Camp Nou would benefit Fabregas ' career as he might find it difficult to establish himself in the side ahead of either Xavi or Andres Iniesta .
" If you want my opinion , I 'm not sure he would even get in their team , " said Hill - Wood .
" Do they need him ?
I 'm not sure that they do .
And they said to us they are not interested .
" That suits us fine .
Fabregas is an Arsenal player and we want him to remain an Arsenal player .
We hope he stays with us for a very long time . "
This is one of our Featured Games .
Click the link to check out our others .
3D chess from Star Trek
In a number of Star Trek episodes , Kirk and Spock can be seen playing a three dimensional chess variant together .
Being three - dimensional and unusual in design , it leaves the impression that it is a game requiring even greater skill and intelligence than Chess .
The board consisted of three 4x4 layers and four more 2x2 areas for a total of 64 squares , the same number as there are in Chess .
The pieces they used were designed by Peter Ganine , who is known for various Chess piece designs .
The particular design used in Star Trek is called Classic , and it should not be confused with Gothic ( a.k.a. Superba ) , which shows faces , or Conqueror , which are figurine .
The Classic pieces are a futuristic variation of the Staunton design .
Perhaps because of their association with Star Trek , they have become the rarest and most collectible of all the Peter Ganine designs .
You may search ebay for ganine classic chess , but you will rarely find a set .
However , Star Trek tridimensional sets are available with a different piece set .
You can find these on ebay by searching for star trek chess or for tridimensional chess .
The set used in Star Trek was a prop with no particular rules behind it .
After instructions for making the board were published in the Starfleet Technical Reference Manual in 1976 , Star Trek fan Andrew Bartmess was excited about this but also disappointed that no rules were provided for the game .
So he wrote to the book 's author , Franz Joseph Schnaubelt , who encouraged him to develop rules for the game himself .
So , he did , and he has been selling printed manuals of the game from his own website .
Although he has not published the whole rules online , he has provided a page with a partial description of the game .
In the early 1990's , James Dixon ( 1947 - 2010 ) , an extreme Star Trek fan who according to secondhand hearsay from an unknown source , allegedly had a breakdown and eventually died after the 2009 Star Trek reboot came out , posted his own description of the rules to a newsgroup .
It is presently unclear whether this was a description of the rules published by Bartmess or Dixon 's own rules for the game .
Dixon 's description , reworded by site founder Hans Bodlaender , follows .
Note that Bartmess has updated his rules since this time , and whether or not it was supposed to be Bartmess 's rules , it will not be up - to - date with the current rules .
General information
The three dimensional board consists of seven different levels .
Three of these have size four by four , and have a fixed position ; the four others have size two by two and can be moved by the players .
The position of the fixed levels looks like a staircase : each next level starts above the third row of the previous level , while the other sides of all fixed levels are parallel .
The movable levels find themselves initially above the outermost corners of the upper and lower level ; i.e. , one of its corner has a corner of the board below it , while the other three corners have no fixed level board below it .
When the movable levels go to a different spot , they will always be above or below a corner of a fixed level , with three squares extending from the level .
Note that always black squares are above and below black squares , and white squares are above and below white squares .
side view with fixed and movable levels
Starting position
The position of the pieces when the game starts is depicted below ; the board is `flattened ' for ease of display .
Movable levels
Each of the movable levels can be above or below any corner of one of the three fixed levels .
Hence , there can be a movable level below and above the same corner .
Players may , when it is their turn , either move a movable level ( under some restrictions ) , or move a piece .
Moving movable levels
A player can move a movable level when one of the following conditions is fulfilled ( and of course , the move does n't leave him in check ) :
He moves an empty movable level .
He moves a movable level which contains one of his pawns and no other pieces .
When he moves a movable level , there are the following choices , provided the movable level is not moved to a position already taken by another movable level :
The level is moved to the other side of the same corner of a fixed board , i.e. , when the level is below a corner , it may be moved to the position above the corner , or vice versa .
For such a move , the board should be empty .
The level is moved to a corner that is adjacent on the same board , and on the same side ; i.e. , if the level is above the upper - left corner of a fixed board , it may be moved to above the down - left or upper - right corners of the board .
The level is moved to an `adjacent ' corner of the next board .
When the level is above a fixed board , it can be moved to below the same corner of the next higher fixed board .
For such a move , the board should be empty .
Movement of Pieces
Movement of pieces is similar to that of orthodox chess , but there are two additional rules .
First , when we look to the board from above , the piece should be able to make a normal chess move to the square he wants to go to .
Secondly , each step taken , the piece can go up or down one or more levels ; where going up or down a level always means going from a movable level to a fixed level or vice versa .
( Think of it as follows : fixed levels have heights 2 , 4 and 6 .
Movable levels can have heights 1 , 3 , 5 , or 7 . )
These are the only two additional conditions .
Thus , it is possible that a piece moves over another piece : see the diagram above .
Pieces Used on Star Trek
In most episodes of Star Trek that include 3D Chess , the game is played with the Classic pieces designed by Peter Ganine .
Here are some closeups to show the pieces in detail .
These pictures are here through fair use for the sake of informing you about the pieces used in the series .
This closeup from Charlie X , the second episode of the first season , shows a Black Queen , a white Bishop and Rook , and a Pawn of each color .
The Pawns and Bishops are pointed .
The Queen and Rook have flat tops , differing in height and proportion .
The Queen is taller but thinner .
This second closeup , also from Charlie X , shows some of each type of piece , though the Kings are on the top layer and get cut off .
Both white Knights are on the bottom layer , and the one to the lower right appears clearly enough .
This closeup from By Any Other Name , the 22nd episode of the 2nd season , shows the black King clearly .
Appearing to the right of Spock 's eyes , it looks like a Queen with a cone on top .
In Where No Man Has Gone Before , the third episode of the first season , they used a completely different set .
Within the context of the series , I presume they were using a spare set after Charlie X destroyed some of the pieces of the Classic set they were using in the previous episode .
Behind the scenes , this was actually intended as the pilot for the series , and they just had n't started using Ganine 's Classic set .
Here it is from another angle
The Classic set can be seen again in Court Martial , the 20th episode of the first season .
A completely different set is used in a game between Troi and Data in Conundrum , the 14th episode of the fifth season of Star Trek : The Next Generation .
Various sellers on ebay , whether from ignorance or duplicity , try to pass off Peter Ganine 's Gothic set or Superba set as the pieces used in Star Trek .
These are alternate names for the same design , this being one in which all the pieces have human faces .
This is not the design used in Star Trek , though it has been used in the fan series Star Trek Continues .
Here are a couple images from Pilgrim of Eternity , the first episode of that series .
Here are some pictures of the same set in the third episode of Star Trek Continues , Fairest of them All , which is a sequel to Mirror Mirror .
General notes
James Dixon wrote about the game :
Added Sam & Max items
Fixed the Demoman 's Fro not cloaking properly when being used by a disguised Spy
Reduced the damage bonus the Equalizer receives as the player loses health
The speed boost was not changed
Community Request
Added a flag to info_particle_system to mark particle systems as " weather " effects
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
The memristor — the so - called “ missing link of electronics ” memory technology that can change its resistance in varying levels — has been around on paper for nearly 40 years .
However it was n’t until 2010 that a group at the University of Michigan led by Dr. Wei Lu demonstrated that it can be used to build brain - like computers in a paper just published in Nano Letters .
New Scientist reports that “ memristors can behave uncannily like the junctions between neurons in the brain . ”
Scientific American describes a US military - funded project that is trying to use the memristor “ to make neural computing a reality . ”
DARPA ’s Systems of Neuromorphic Adaptive Plastic Scalable Electronics Program ( SyNAPSE ) is funded to create “ electronic neuromorphic machine technology that is scalable to biological levels . ”
The discovery of the memristor derives from the search for a rigorous mathematical foundation for electronics by a young electronics engineer at the University of California , Berkeley , Leon O. Chua .
Chua ’s analysis suggested there was a fourth foundational circuit element missing from the standard trio of resistor , capacitor and inductor .
He called it “ memristor . ”
In 1971 , he published a seminal paper on this missing basic circuit element .
In 1976 , Chua and Sung - Mo Kang published another paper describing a large class of devices and systems they called “ memristive devices and systems . ”
The proof of the existence of such devices proved elusive until 2008 , when R. Stanley Williams and his research team at HP actually developed a two - terminal titanium dioxide nanoscale device that exhibited memristor characteristics .
A memristance device requires its atoms to change location when voltage is applied , and that happens much more easily at the nanoscale ( 1 x 10 - 9 meters ) .
Here is HP Senior Fellow R. Stanley Williams at the whiteboard describing the memristor :
HP sees an immediate application of memristors for a new kind of computer memory that could be used in place of the dynamic random access memory ( DRAM ) commonly found in today ’s desktop and laptop computers .
When you turn your computer off , whatever you are working on in conventional DRAM is lost unless you save it .
With memristor - based computers , your document or spreadsheet ( or other data ) would be stored without having to save it , with little power drained from the computer ’s battery .
HP is obviously interested in marketing memristors for computers , cell phones , video games — anything that requires a lot of memory without a lot of battery drain .
The National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) promotes U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness and is also very interested in memristor technology .
Here ’s a video of Dr. Nadine Gergel - Hackett , who researches memristor technology there , describing the how memristors can be used to develop flexible chips that “ do the twist ” :
As flexible chips that retain their memory when turned off , clearly memristors could soon have a big impact on the electronics marketplace .
But what makes them so well suited to build “ brain - like computers ? ”
An HP Labs article makes the case that memristor technology “ could one day lead to computer systems that can remember and associate patterns in a way similar to how people do , ” Improved facial recognition technology and possibly “ provide more complex biometric recognition systems [ that ] could enable appliances that learn from experience and computers that can make decisions . ”
Memristors will soon have a big impact on the electronics marketplace .
But what makes them so well suited to build “ brain - like computers ” ?
The remarkable characteristics of the memristor that make it interesting to HP , DARPA , and NIST as a neural computing substrate come from an unlikely source in the biological world : the slime mold Physarum polycephalum .
The slime mold appears as a fungus - like gel during certain phases of its lifecycle , hence the name .
Like ectoplasm from the movie Ghostbusters , this glutinous single - celled organism — without a single neuron to its name — can sense and react to its environment and even solve simple puzzles .
It can also anticipate events .
When Leon Chua first discovered this missing foundational circuit element , he suspected that memristors might have something to do with how biological organisms learn .
Experiments with slime molds in 2008 by Tetsu Saisuga at Hokkaido University in Sapporo sparked additional research at the University of California , San Diego by Max Di Ventra .
Di Ventra was familiar with Chua ’s work and built a memristive circuit that was able to learn and predict future signals .
This ability turns out to be similar to the electrical activity involved in the ebb and flow of potassium and sodium ions across cellular membranes : synapses altering their response according to the frequency and strength of signals .
New Scientist reports that Di Ventra ’s work confirmed Chua ’s suspicions that “ synapses were memristors . ”
“ The ion channel was the missing circuit element I was looking for , ” says Chua , “ and it already existed in nature . ”
Jumping forward to 2010 , the work of Dr. Wei Lu’s University of Michigan team now confirms that memristor circuits indeed behave like synapses .
Lu’s team used a mixture of silicon and silver to join two metal electrodes , mimicking how synapses allow neurons to learn new firing patterns — not unlike a slime mold ’s ability to anticipate events .
The timing of electrical signals in two neurons anticipates how later messages can jump across the synapse between them .
When a pair fires , the given synapse becomes more likely to pass later messages between the two .
“ Cells that fire together , wire together , ” says Lu .
Just like a synapse , the memristor changes its resistance in varying levels .
Dr. Lu found that memristors can simulate synapses because electrical synaptic connections between two neurons can seemingly strengthen or weaken depending on when the neurons fire .
“ The memristor mimics synaptic action , ” Lu concludes .
Dr. Nadine Gergel - Hackett at NIST acknowledges the Michigan team ’s successful creation of a brain synapse analog .
“ This work is a large step towards the realization of biology - inspired computing , ” she says .
The human brain contains about 10 billion nerve cells , or neurons .
On average , each neuron is connected to other neurons through about 10,000 synapses .
While Lu’s research is promising , it will likely be a while until researchers can demonstrate circuits with even tens of thousands of memristor “ synapses . ”
Nevertheless , DARPA ’s SyNAPSE project appears committed to scaling memristor technology to biological levels .
When were you happiest ?
In the mountains .
Which living person do you most admire , and why ?
JM
Coetzee – he writes with a simplicity which lays bare what really matters .
What is your earliest memory ?
The colour of my mother 's dressing gown ( turquoise ) .
What is the trait you most deplore in yourself ?
Impatience .
What is the trait you most deplore in others ?
Spite .
What has been your most embarrassing moment ?
Publishing a poem of adolescent infatuation in my school magazine .
I am still cringing now .
Property aside , what 's the most expensive thing you 've bought ?
Our honeymoon in East Africa .
What is your most treasured possession ?
Letters .
Where would you like to live ?
By a lake , somewhere in north - west America .
What would your super power be ?
Easy .
Teleporting .
What makes you depressed ?
Needless conflict .
In your role as an MP , of what are you most proud ?
The work I do with my colleagues in Sheffield .
And least proud ?
I do n't think any MP could have been proud at the height of the expenses scandal .
What is your favourite book ?
Life & Times Of Michael K , by JM Coetzee .
What do you most dislike about your appearance ?
My stomach .
I 'm of that age when a big appetite starts to show .
Who would play you in the film of your life ?
I 'd like Henry Fonda , but he 's not around , so it would be someone like Rodney from Only Fools And Horses .
What is your guiltiest pleasure ?
Smoking .
What is your favourite smell ?
The sea .
What is the worst thing anyone 's said to you ?
" We do n't know how to help " – from a hospital doctor when one of my sons was critically ill .
What do you owe your parents ?
Everything .
To whom would you most like to say sorry , and why ?
To my grandparents , because I did n't spend enough time with them when they were alive .
What do you consider your greatest achievement ?
Raising three sons .
Who would you invite to your dream dinner party ?
My brother , who lives in Vietnam , Cate Blanchett and , if you are allowed to bring people back , Johnny Cash .
What or who is the greatest love of your life ?
Miriam .
What does love feel like ?
Thrilling .
It gives a purpose to life .
Which living person do you most despise , and why ?
I used to work with an EU bureaucrat who destroyed the careers of some good colleagues .
Which words or phrases do you most overuse ?
" The point is … "
What single thing would improve the quality of your life ?
More hours in the day .
When did you last cry , and why ?
Recently , listening to music in the car .
How do you relax ?
Walking .
How often do you have sex ?
Those who count clearly are n't enjoying it enough .
What is the closest you 've come to death ?
A skiing accident .
I spent three months on crutches instead .
Where would you most like to be right now ?
In the park with my kids and a football .
What keeps you awake at night ?
Miguel ( my one - year - old ) .
What is your ambition ?
To change things for good .
How would you like to be remembered ?
As someone who did n't mind how he is remembered .
What is the most important lesson life has taught you ?
Look after those closest to you .
Tell us a joke .
Not a joke as such , but taken from a real church paper : " This being Easter Sunday , we will ask Mrs Brown to come forward and lay an egg on the altar ... "
How to Create Misleading Statistics in 6 Easy Steps
Want to deceive people ?
Here ’s how the professionals do it :
1 . Do a survey and use a biased sample population
People focus on the survey result and seldom pay attention to information about your sample population .
So feel free to bias your result by surveying people you know will answer the way you want .
Want a survey result that shows a majority of people favoring smoking in public ?
Just ask smokers .
Want a strong statistic showing approval for your new system ?
Just ask people who you know are on your side .
2 . Use biased questions in your survey
Your can further strengthen your survey results by asking biased questions which make the survey respondent more likely to answer the question the way you want .
Political organizations are masters of this .
Want to show approval for guns ?
Just ask a question like , “ In these days of increasingly frequent home invasions , do you feel that having a gun in the house would help your personal defense ? ” ( and do n’t forget step 1 and use gun owners as your survey population ) .
You ’ll get an amazingly strong show of support for guns .
3 . Ask the wrong question
You can often support your cause by asking the wrong question ( the one that ’s not quite as relevant to your desired result ) , and then answering it in a way that implies something you want .
For example , if you want to show public support for a war , then ask a survey question about supporting the troops ( which is , after all , an entirely different thing ) .
If you want to hide the fact that you ’ve got occasional critical system downtime , then show overall system uptime — those system failures will be lost in the statistical noise .
If you want to show high consumer interest in product A , then ask consumers about A versus C , where C is a not - so - popular alternative .
But do n’t ask consumers about A versus B , where B is A ’s closest competitor .
4 . Use misleading graphs
If you want to show high variability in a statistic , then chop off the bottom of the graph and just show the top ( for example , using a y axis of 5,000 to 5,001 instead of 1 to 5,000 ) .
This magnifies the area you ’re interested in , and makes small variations look like huge peaks and valleys .
On the other hand , if you want to show stability in a statistic , then make sure you show the full x axis ( e.g. , from 1 to 5,000 ) , and make the graph as small as possible to minimize the appearance of variation .
5 . Imply cause and effect when you only have correlation
Two factors can often be correlated without any cause and effect relationship .
Both factors can be caused by a totally different factor , or the cause and effect can even be backwards from what ’s being implied or stated ( i.e. , B causes A instead of A causing B ) .
For example , I once saw a claim that older people who walk are more likely to live longer .
That may be true , but it ’s also just as likely that older people who are sick and can’t walk are more likely to die sooner .
So maybe the walking is n’t the cause — maybe the ability to walk is just an indication of continued good health .
6 . Make your results more precise
A number with higher precision gives the impression of being more accurate .
If I say that 91.3 % of system users are happy , it sounds more accurate than 90 % of users , even if both numbers are made up .
In the old advertising campaign , Ivory soap was touted as “ 99 44/100 % pure ” ( pure what ? ) .
People trust precise numbers because they sound more scientific , but that does n’t mean the numbers are correct .
Conclusion
In reality , I ’m not advocating your use of any of these six techniques , but I wanted to show you how easy it is to mislead people with statistics .
So to avoid being fooled :
1 . When you see survey results , look at the survey methodology .
How was the survey sample determined ?
Is the sample large enough to be meaningful ?
Is the sample biased ?
2 . Where possible , look at the original questions in the survey to see if the questions themselves are biased .
Do n’t trust a survey that uses biased questions .
3 . Make sure that the statistic being cited is one that matters .
Are the right questions being asked ?
What is the analysis leaving out ?
What is being deliberately omitted ?
4 . Where graphs are used , look carefully at the x axis to see if the graph has been enlarged .
Has the graph been manipulated to bias your impression ?
5 . Look carefully at cause and effect .
Does the evidence support the cause and effect that ’s stated ?
Is the opposite cause and effect possible ?
Is it possible that both factors are being caused by something else entirely ?
6 . Do n’t be deceived by precision in numbers — extra decimal places for the sake of looking good .
There ’s often little justification for a more precise number , and more precision does n’t imply more accuracy .
In general , look at the source of the statistic and think about what that source wants you to believe .
Look carefully at the case the source has made .
Be skeptical of anything that is n’t consistent with your common sense .
Trust your gut on these things — radically new views on things happen only rarely , so if the statistic seems surprising , it has a good chance of being wrong .
Local Functions
In C ++
Submitted by
Have n't you ever wanted to make a function that is logically defined inside the scope of another function ?
It would look like the following , which is NOT valid C++:
void MyFunction ( ) { void RecursiveFunction ( int i ) { if ( i 0 ) RecursiveFunction ( i- 1 ) ; }
RecursiveFunction ( 6 ) ; }
If so , you 've wanted to make what 's called a local function .
I remember using and loving them back in my Turbo Pascal days .
When I started using C and C++ , I missed them often .
So I had to separate the functions in this manner , which looks uglier and does not use the logical scoping :
static void RecursiveFunction ( int i ) { if ( i 0 ) RecursiveFunction ( i- 1 ) ; }
void MyFunction ( ) { RecursiveFunction ( 6 ) ; }
Until , one day , I found a way to emulate them in C ++:
void MyFunction ( ) { struct Local { static void RecursiveFunction ( int i ) { if ( i 0 ) RecursiveFunction ( i - 1 ) ; } } ;
Local:: RecursiveFunction ( 6 ) ; }
Possible uses for this construct are : Recursive sub-operations within a function ( shown above ) .
Callback functions that will be passed into enumerators ( as in DirectDrawEnumerate ( ) ) .
Salutaciones ,
JCAB
The zip file viewer built into the Developer Toolbox made use of the zlib library , as well as the zlibdll source additions .
Great news all around – one of the best General / 0 Day private trackers in existence , iPLAY , has opened trial registrations for all users .
If you are confused by the term ‘ trial registrations ’ here ’s how it works .
A trial account is a special iPLAY account which has certain limitations .
This is valid for 7 days – within these 7 days , you need to prove that you are a good BitTorrent user .
If you maintain a good ratio , avoid hit and runs and generally follow what ’s said in the site ’s FAQ and rules , you should be able to keep your account after the trial period ends .
Oh and you need to maintain a global ratio above 1.5 as well :)
It ’s all good but there is a catch – the signup process can be a b1tch and you might have to spend a little time trying to register .
But read our tips at the end of this post and you should be good to go .
Before we continue to the ‘ how to signup ’ section here ’s a little rundown on iPLAY .
iPLAY is one of the world ’s most sought after General / 0 Day private trackers - there are almost no open signups for this site and you can see iPLAY invite requests on almost every BitTorrent forum on the planet .
And it has high demand for many for good reasons – the tracker has great download speeds , good pre times , content rich torrent index with ~ 12000 torrents and of course , an active community of seeders and leechers .
Both scene and P2P releases are available for download including some exclusive uploads by iPLAY ’s own internal release groups .
After the launch of iPLAY v4 , the site became even better with dazzling new visual styles and themes that are a pleasure to navigate - to read more about iPLAY v4 please refer to this article .
The screenshot above highlights part of iPLAY ’s torrent index .
Here you can see some of the many packs that are indexed on this tracker .
Anyways let ’s get back to the topic at hand – trial registrations .
As mentioned earlier , a trial account has several limitations and a list of them may be found below :
Account is valid for 7 days .
Account has a download limit of 7 torrents .
Account has a download limit of 7GB .
Account has no right to make requests .
Account has limited ( read only ) access to forum .
Account has no right to send private messages .
After the 7 day grace period , it ’s possible to convert your account to a full account and become a ‘ normal ’ user .
There are two methods to get promoted ( quoted from site ) :
After the 7 days trial period if your global ratio is 1.5 or greater you are eligible for promotion , but promotion must be approved by staff .
OR
By making a donation , in this way your account will be converted from trial to full automatically .
How to sign up
iPLAY signup process is a little more complicated due to the number of checks and verifications that are built into it .
Tips below should help you overcome this hurdle .
You need to read the FAQ and Rules pages .
Before you hit the signup button , open these two pages on two new tabs on your browser and start reading .
We know most of you skip through these on trackers but in this case make sure to actually read the content – iPLAY has some custom rules ( such as minimum monthly download requirement ) and you will need a good understanding of them to survive the trial period .
If you close the pages too quickly and hit signup , an error message ‘ take the time to read FAQ and rules ’ will be displayed .
You need to correctly answer all 3 BitTorrent related questions on signup page .
Get any one of them wrong and you will only be able to try again after 12 hours .
Your password must be at least 8 characters long .
Signup URL and site homepage details are as follows :
Site Name : iPLAY ( http://www.iplay.ro/)
Signup URL : Visit http://www.iplay.ro/login.php and click on ‘ Trial Account ’ button
Related Articles
INTERVIEW : Tom Schraeder
Ah , the whiff of possibility .
For most , March ’s annual South By Southwest Music Festival is a mid-Lent , nigh - St. Patrick ’s Day orgy that descends upon Austin like a biblical plague .
Shards of the remaining , traditional music industry gather there to wax nostalgic about olden times when they could max - out their corporate AMEX cards on gluttonous dinners and lure talent into over - priced hotel rooms with promises of weed , blow and / or getting signed .
For many independent artists , attracted to the festival by lingering Horatio Alger - like stories of “ making it ” ( whatever that means anymore ) , it ’s an opportunity to spend hundreds of dollars learning the definitions of “ vast ” and “ desolate ” while traversing Texas ’ landscape en route to play a little - heard , off - the - strip club to a crowd of three .
Mainstream acts have long - since dethroned true showcases by using the festival as an “ underplay ” opportunity at major venues each night , which are usually sold - out and off limits to the festival ’s badge and wristband holders .
In recent years , blogs hosting daytime parties have succeeded in maintaining the original spirit of SXSW by booking the latest up - and - coming acts , which of course has led to an increasing amount of corporations sponsoring afternoon events in an attempt to manufacture some sort of cultural legitimacy by overpaying bands to play for them instead .
Texas ’ capitol welcomes all of this each year with open arms ; for every dream unrealized or disappointment that SXSW births , there ’s a hotel owner , club operator or BBQ joint made the better for it .
And then there ’s Tom Schraeder .
When the Chicago - based singer - songwriter was stranded in Austin after SXSW 2008 , he made the best of it by recording an album and finding his way back to the Midwest several months later .
That in and of itself is not unusual for the peripatetic and prolific Schraeder , who , as you ’ll read below , is just as likely to write a song at a movie theatre , record it on a hovercraft and perform it later that same day in some far - flung corner of the country .
True to that nature , Schraeder is putting out not one , not two , but three albums this year — and it ’s only March .
For Schraeder then , who was scheduled to perform nearly a dozen times with his band at or around this year ’s SXSW , the festival itself is not the potential career - making denouement many make it out to be , but rather just part of the process .
Similarly , when he performed in 2007 at Lollapalooza , winning accolades from mainstream critics and rewards of cherry gig offerings , Schraeder promptly went the other direction and very nearly disappeared instead .
To say that all of this has raised Music Zeitgeist ’s eyebrow with intrigue is a fair statement , which is why we set about picking Schraeder ’s head late last year when he had a cassette - only ( ! ) release party for the then - new When Death Found St. Thomas ( Schraeder has since completed and readied for release another album , Dear Brooklyn , I ’m Sorry … ) .
Below then , nearly six months in the making , is an interview with one of the most compelling and consistently excellent independent artists around .
Pigeonholed early on as sounding like Ryan Adams - meets - Gram Parsons - by - way - of - Wilco , a now - far - more developed Schraeder explains his aggressive output , releasing a cassette in the digital age , channeling a love song from a deceased relative , why he sold his TV and — not insignificantly , how and why he ’ll send you his latest records for free .
MZ : How has SXSW been to you this year ?
You did a lot of “ un- official ” events …
TS : SXSW has been too kind to me this year .
The band worked very hard and the numbers just kept growing .
I ’m very pleased with it .
Did you already purchase a ticket home so you do n’t get stranded again and wind up with another record ?
I do n’t have a ticket yet and am looking into going to NY in a few hours .
Let ’s talk about your cassette - only EP , When Death Found St. Thomas .
It ’s your third release in three years , which even by post - internet bedroom studio standards is still pretty brisk output .
Your previous release occurred organically as the result of being stranded in Texas .
What was the creative impetus behind writing this set of songs and what made you want to get them out so quickly ?
I went through a break up , the death of my grandmother , and a very close uncle all within 5 weeks .
After this my roommate ( and drummer ) and I sold [ our ] TV to replace it with a 1940 ’s upright piano .
My marketing company gave me a Mac computer to use and I wrote / recorded 10 of the songs in three weeks .
It ’s a lofi record that focuses on the natural life sounds and surroundings more than the music itself .
It was recorded / mixed by me on 9 planes , 2 CTA trains ( blue line ) , 1 NJ train ( Newark ) , 1 NYC Train ( L ) , 5 CTA buses ( Clark , Irving , Broadway , Chicago , Damen ) , 6 cities ( Chicago , NYC , Nashville , Columbia , St.Louis , Austin ) , 6 states , 5 airports ( LGA , ORD , AUS , STL , Newark ) , 3 bars ( Highdive , Lillys , Blue Fugue ) , 1 basement , 1 beach ( Lake Michigan ) , 1 Garage , 1 restaurant ( Grand Lux Cafe ) , 7 apts ( 4 Chicago , 1 Austin , 2 Brooklyn ) , a Zoo ( Lincoln Park Zoo ) , and not 1 studio … When Death Found St. Thomas is the first of the three records .
I wanted to show all the sides of my work and [ when ]
WDFST was completed I knew that it was the right record to start the three off .
You ’ve characterized your first release as your college boozing record and your second as your Austin record , how would you best sum up When Death Found St. Thomas ?
It ’s the soundtrack to my life just as much as it is for my death .
What brought about the decision to issue the new EP on cassette instead of vinyl , cd or a digital format ?
Was it just conceptually appealing , in terms of the lo-fi aesthetic ?
The record deserved something more personal from me rather than just burning the cd’s and calling it a day .
So , I decided to record each tape and hand it out to my fans who wanted one .
I had people from other countries asking me for one and it went over so well that I ’m going to give one cassette away to the person who inspires me the most on the road in each city .
In an age where cds are ripped moments after purchase and vinyl ripping is becoming more prevalent , most people do n’t own cassette players .
To that end , blogs , which have supplanted traditional media in terms of providing vetted exposure for independent artists to mass audiences , rely so heavily on free downloads to generate traffic to their sites .
Was there any thought on your end that you might minimize the impact of your new release by using cassette , in that it would be less attractive / more difficult for blogs to cover ?
Well , I never intended on making money from the cassette release and was aware of it not being the most succesful financial decision but I felt I had to do it for all of the people who support my music .
If it was n’t for music this year , I really am not sure I would have made it through .
What was the inspiration behind the video for the cassette release party ?
How did you arrive at using Song # 92 as the song you play in the video ?
About a year ago , I did a video with the band Pool of Frogs for “ Needle Will Bite ” and loved working with them .
They have made quite the name around Chicago and I decided to work with them again for “ Letters to Douglaston ( # 92 ) ” back in September for the video .
I wanted a “ ghostly ” sounding song that would entice the listeners to have a second listen .
The next video we are going to do is for my latest song I wrote yesterday , entitled “ Do n’t Wake My Woman . ”
I ’m curious about genesis of WDFST .
Listening to it gives me the sense that you sat down at your newly acquired piano and most of these songs sort of sprang from your hands like Athena from the head of Zeus .
It comes across as very informal and feels more like a document of that period of time than the result of a concerted studio effort .
You ’ve already said the goal was to sort of focus on the surroundings / context of the record versus the actual music , but I ’m wondering whether or not you set out to make a record or did you sort of wake up one day and realize you had all these new songs as a result of traveling around and / or playing with your new toy , so to speak ?
Actually , it ’s a random story .
I knew I wanted to record a lofi record and checked out numerous studios .
One morning I woke up and wrote exactly word for word what my late grandpa told me in a dream and it was a love song to my grandma from him .
Everytime I spoke to my gram for the last two years she would ask me to write a song for her before she passed away .
So , when I wrote it I decided to fly out to Austin and record it with my friend Jesse Woods .
We recorded in his garage for days and I came back home with three songs , “ Pat Baby , ” “ Josie , ” and an unreleased song titled “ Once Lace Now Cotton . ”
The response to the song was overwhelmingly positive and I did n’t know what to do .
The day finally came when my gram was to hear it and she did .
We sat , we drank , we cried , and we talked until about 2 am .
[ Then ]
She went to bed and was rushed to the emergency room where she passed away .
After her passing , I was n’t sure what to do with any of those songs .
I was torn between taking those songs and building a record from them or just giving up on them completely .
After the break up and recieving the computer , I knew I was meant to continue with recording .
The passings of my Uncle Gush and Grandma caused me to question my legacy and what I had accomplished .
After questioning , I realized I was n’t content with what I had released before that and wanted to leave something behind for when I pass .
With no prior experience to the piano it came very easily to me and I then knew that I was meant to make this record .
Many of the songs on WDFST come across as these lovely little sketches that were captured in the moment .
Will any of the songs from this release see life on a future record in a more realized or polished version ?
Or is this the definitive statement for these songs ?
[ A ] few of the songs will be re-recorded but most of them wo n’t be .
I have too many songs in the back burner to keep releasing the same material .
However , some of the songs deserve a new arrangement .
It seemed like 2008 was a year of considerable upward momentum for you ; on the heels of playing Lollapalooza in 2007 , you released Lying Through Dinner , landed a coveted residency at Schuba ’s , were profiled by Jim DeRogatis and were tapped by a number of other outlets as an emerging artist of note , including The Onion ’s A.V. Club , Chicago Magazine and more .
Yet you ’ve commented that your sudden arrival was a bit much and that you wanted to scale back from playing large headlining shows and so forth .
Whereas most artists would kill for that kind of attention and opportunity , you indicated you were in this for the long haul by going the opposite direction .
A year and a half later , where do you find yourself in relation to that path ?
The reviews were very kind and much appreciated but I was n’t ready as an artist for that amount of attention yet .
It got to the point where I just continued to turn down interviews because I was so insecure with the direction I was headed in .
Finally , I ’m ready as a human , musician , and songwriter to do this and that is why I ’m releasing three records in 2010 .
With things like the cassette release , the Backyard BBQ videos [ three videos of Schraeder playing at a casual get - together can be seen at vimeo.com , the first is viewable below ] and playing an art gallery with the likes of [ female dj duo ]
Rocktapussy , it ’s almost as if you ’re making it difficult for casual fans to stay engaged with you , but at the same time , you ’re definitely communicating with true devotees via these decidedly non-mainstream avenues .
Was that the intention – to sort of weed out people who might have been subscribing to whatever hype put you on their radar , in order to establish a truer fanbase that will be around as long as you are ?
Sometimes , I just feel like creating my own enviroment to play where I ’m most comfortable .
Will it hurt my career ?
Perhaps , but it keeps me going .
How comfortable are you continuing forward as an independent artist along your current arc ?
At some point in the last two years , there must have been some interest from major labels or at least bigger indies … [ note : part of the delay in publishing this interview was due to several tentative deals and release dates for Schraeder ’s music in the last several months . ]
We had quite a bit of interest but nothing ever seemed to offer something that we could n’t do on our own .
I ’m very confident in the people who have been kind enough to work with me .
An early point of differentiation for you artistically was that you were playing with a huge and somewhat unorthodox backing band , including , but not limited to , a saw player , accordion , horns , etc .
Revisiting the topic of scaling things back , do you now have a preference of performing solo on guitar or piano , or would you rather play with His Ego [ Schraeder ’s band ] at all times , if it were logistically possible ?
Every record I ’d like to change things up and keep people interested .
Where is the fun in recreating the same art ?
The best artists never cared about fucking up but more importantly cared about keeping people interested .
The three records that I ’m working on are entirely different than eachother .
The first is a lofi full - length record , the second is a full band ( along with a string and horn section , melatrons , saws , etc. ) full - length record , and the third is an organically arranged and performed electronic record .
I ’m going to give the records [ When Death Found St. Thomas , Dear Brooklyn , I ’m Sorry ... and bad things are n’t neccessarily not beautiful ] away for free to anyone who emails me , and we are [ officially ] releasing one of the records on June 4th .
What ’s behind the decision to give away your records to anyone who emails you ?
These records are very personal and I feel wrong for charging people for the .
Instead , I ’m going to choose my favorites and release a vinyl with those tracks in June .
Is there a stepping - off point in the future where Tom Schraeder , as a musician , would like to delve outside the singer / songwriter milieu into collaborations or experiments in other genres ?
I ’ll always be open to trying different genres … I would like to start working more as a producer and a songwriter for other artists at some point and will always find interest in other genres .
Let ’s talk influences : interviewers are as loathe to ask about musical influences as artists are to discuss them , so here at Music Zeitgeist , we instead prefer to ask about other influences .
Whiskey seems like the obvious answer , but is there a preferred beverage , chemical compound or herbal substance that simply puts you in the right frame of mind to channel your muse ?
Anything particular to this collection of songs ?
Certainly , as a singer / songwriter , there ’s an innate and substantive autobiographical component to your material .
It must be somewhat difficult to tap into that spirit if your setting or mindset is n’t right …
Recent additions to my addictive personality in order are ; Dark Haired / Blue Eyes Women , Black Jeans , Honey , Shark YouTube Videos , Photography , Doo Wop , Chocolate , and these musicians ; Jesse Woods , Dana Falconberry , Pretty Good Dance Moves , Caravan , and The Flaming Groovies .
Following up on that , something like “ The Whiskey Song , ” no matter how personal it is , makes perfect sense as a sing - a- long romp , but “ When You Were Young ” seems like a very pointed message to a specific individual ( particularly with a cryptic lyric like “ all you wore was black ‘ til zero found green ” ) , which creates the risk of making the song less accessible .
How do you determine within the framework of a song where to draw the line at making it too intimate vs. allowing it to have more universal appeal ?
“ When You Were Young ” was written as the soundtrack to my ex girlfriend ’s childhood home video .
It ’s a thank you to her and everything she ever did for me .
Will she still enjoy the song ?
I ’m not sure , but I enjoy playing it .
I enjoy writing for others just as much as I enjoy writing for me .
I just allow the songs to go in the direction they are supposed to .
I ca n’t really describe where they come from .
Your music has been described as being the progeny of someone who possesses an old soul , yet you ’re a pretty young guy .
Do those kinds of critical statements , even as a positive , create an anxiety in your songwriting ?
In other words , do you feel like a Tom Schraeder song has to satisfy a certain accepted template that was created with your first and second releases ?
Of course I keep others in mind while writing but I never let others influences take away from my release while writing the songs .
It ’s been awhile since you ’ve been in our neck of the woods .
Will When Death Found St. Thomas see you tour the West Coast ?
We are planning on over 150 dates this year so I ’m sure we ’ll be there a bit too much .
Until then be sure to email , message , or myspace me and I ’ll be sure to keep everyone posted with new demos , tour information , videos , and of course my record releases .
Do you miss TV at all ?
I just got a TV again and it ’s nice .
However , I should watch it more .
* Author ’s note : About five minutes after this article was published , Tom Schraeder sent us a link to preview yet another album of his , this time a live performance from SXSW 2010 .
It ’s entirely possible he has released yet something else while I was writing this sentence .
Truffle Jones filed this interview from the set of Hardcastle and McCormick : The Movie .
Like this : Like Loading ...
Phage Wars
Game .
Description
Spread your parasites and become the dominant species .
Game Controls
Click or Drag to send parasites .
Space - Pause
M - Mute
Number of plays : Supernatural amount
[*** SPOILERS ***]
This movie was great !
I 'm with Richard L. Was it his dark side pusing people off the platform ?
Did he really make it upon the platform at the end of the movie and see the bear girl .
No one else seemed to notice her , maybe she was an angel and that 's why he was [*** SPOILERS ***]
This movie was great !
I 'm with Richard L. Was it his dark side pusing people off the platform ?
Did he really make it upon the platform at the end of the movie and see the bear girl .
No one else seemed to notice her , maybe she was an angel and that 's why he was finally able to go up to the outside .
…
Expand
NYU Langone Medical Center researchers have developed a powerful new method to investigate the discrete steps necessary to turn on individual genes and examine how the process goes wrong in cancer and other diseases .
The finding , based on seven years of research and described in the April 9 issue of Molecular Cell , allows scientists to investigate the unfolding of DNA , a process required for gene activation .
" The new methodology allows us to examine the steps that turn on individual genes in order to figure out what part of the process breaks down in diseases like cancer , " says Danny Reinberg , PhD , professor of biochemistry at NYU Langone Medical Center and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator , who led the study .
" Right now we have the book with a lot of chapters .
The idea now is to read each of those chapters and analyze how things happen .
After that , we can start devising assays to test for steps or molecules we want to target , " says Dr. Reinberg , who has been studying the molecular processes governing how genetic information is transferred for more than 20 years .
He is a leader in the field of epigenetics , which probes the modifications that control when genes are expressed , many of which are linked to a wide variety of diseases .
DNA , in its simplest form , is a long double - stranded helix .
Inside the cell 's nucleus , however , the helix is further twisted and wrapped around protein complexes to form much more compact fibers called chromatin .
For example , chromosome 22 , one of the smallest human chromosomes , would be about 1.5 centimeters long as a simple DNA helix , but twisted around the protein complexes , it is just two micrometers , a 10,000 - fold compression .
However , the degree of compaction is dynamic and is part of the way cells control gene transcription .
When a gene is inactive , its chromatin is packed together more tightly than when the gene is actively transcribed .
Although scientists have known about these changes for years , they did n't know how the cell regulated the shift from the most highly compact fiber , which is 30 nanometers across ( about the size of the tiniest particle of smoke from cooking oil ) , to the less compact one , which is just 11 nanometers .
They wanted to understand the process , but faced a major hurdle -- no one knew how to recreate a 30 nanometer fiber in a test tube .
With their new study , Dr. Reinberg and his colleagues have cleared that hurdle , allowing the team to begin teasing apart the steps to unwind the fiber and start transcription in a test gene .
" It was a lot of background work , but in the end we got a nice story that , I believe , is the only story out there that goes from highly compact chromatin to transcription , " says Dr. Reinberg .
Once the fiber was in the assay tubes , the team found that a DNA regulatory protein called the retinoic acid receptor ( RAR ) could access its binding site on the DNA , even when the chromatin was in its most tightly wound state .
When researchers added the hormone that stimulates RAR , called retinoic acid , a derivative of vitamin A , to the system , things started to change . .
The hormone - bound RAR began to unwind the chromatin and move aside large protein complexes , called nucleosomes , to make room for other DNA unwinding proteins and transcription factors .
As they added in more and more factors , the DNA continued to loosen up , until finally , the team could see transcription start from their test gene PEPCK , which is controlled by RAR .
Significantly , electron microscopy showed that the 30 nanometer fiber formed in the test tube resembles the one in cells .
Moreover , as the team added individual factors to the system , they used biochemical assays , such as DNA cutting experiments , to show that the nucleosome movement mimicked what happens when the PEPCK gene is turned on by retinoic acid in living cells .
The first author on the study is Guohong Li , who was a postdoctoral fellow in Dr. Reinberg 's laboratory .
Co-authors include Raphael Margueron of the Department of Biochemistry and Guobin Hu and David Stokes of the Skirball Institute of Biomolecular Medicine at NYU Langone Medical Center , and Yuh - Hwa Wang from Wake Forest University .
This work was supported by grants from the National Institutes of Health and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute .
DROP is a unique water management system .
Using the DROP Hub , DROP monitors water usage and manages the water - related devices throughout your entire home .
DROP can operate locally without an internet connection or has the added ability to send mobile alerts using your home ’s WiFi network .
This advanced system can shut off water flow to your entire home automatically when it senses a risk and allows you to make decisions on the course of action after the risk has been mitigated — all from your mobile device .
Hillary Clinton put 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling and then successfully took on the Herculean task of remaking America 's world image in the wake of Bush Inc .
Apparently , that 's just not maverick -y enough for Time .
Advertisement
Sarah Palin , on the other hand , Tweets about " Hockey Dads " and policy in 140 characters or less ( we 'll refrain from commenting on how it might not actually be a good thing to reduce the policies of the United States to a text message ) , posts ghost - written rants on her Facebook wall , goes on fake - bus tours to promote her un -fact - checked memoir and appears for $ 100,000 + speaking fees to reliably conservative groups to make fun of journalists , read off her hand and spout a bunch of catch - phrases .
For that , and the fan - boy and - girl raves of her followers , she 's considered one of Time 's " 100 Most Influential People of 2010 " — and a " leader " at that , with multiple heads of state , military commanders , the first female Speaker of the House and the CEOs of major corporations .
Can I get a " What the motherfuck ? " , people ?
I mean , the woman has disapproval ratings of 55 percent among all U.S. adults and only 17 percent of people have strongly favorable views of her .
While the disapproval ratings are lower than Congress ' , the favorables are n't much higher , either .
By comparison , Hillary Clinton 's approval ratings last December were fully 75 percent .
Advertisement
Plus what , exactly , is Sarah Palin leading , other than fools around by the nose and HarperCollins ' book sales figures ?
She 's not leading Alaska anymore , she 's not leading the Tea Party movement ( given that it 's a headless hydra ) , she 's not leading 2012 Presidential polls and she 's certainly not leading anything but a small minority of Americans who , like Ted Nugent , praise her carefully - crafted " authenticity " the same way they praised Bush's .
I guess we can be thankful Time did n't stick her in the Thinker category , but all the same , Palin 's hardly a leader or an innovator .
Clinton , on the other hand , is leading this country 's foreign policy .
She 's logged 127 days abroad in the 15 months since her confirmation in 54 different countries .
She oversaw the appointment of the first - ever United States Ambassador - at - Large for Global Women 's Issues .
She 's been visible on everything from Haiti reconstruction to denuclearization to climate change to Israeli peace negotiations to putting pressure on Pakistan to remapping our relationship with Russia to wresting control of U.S. policy towards China away from the economists and financiers at the Treasury Department , and she shows no sign of stopping .
Is anyone still talking about Bill Clinton 's potential influence at State ?
Nope , because no one really believes that he has any .
Anyone still talking about her as the top of the team of rivals ?
Nope , although there are rumors about her replacing Biden as VP candidate in the 2012 race .
Anyone still calling her shrill , or a bitch , or speculating that she only got elected on the basis of her husband 's infidelity rather than her own hard work and skills ?
You bet your ass they are n't .
Hillary Clinton is leading the fucking State Department , she 's leading this country 's foreign policy and she 's leading the charge to replace the image of America as a bunch of stupid cowboys with one of a thoughtful nation committed to the ideals of democracy and freedom we constantly profess .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So , why the hell is Palin on this list and not Clinton ?
It is , put frankly , the difference between the popular girl and the girl who ran the high school volunteer program .
Sarah Palin's the popular girl — there are people that adore her , people that want to be like her and people that hang on her every word because of some ephemeral quality ( looks , money , ability to be cutting to those she does n't like , all of the above ) that makes her popular in a certain crowd for a certain period of time .
Clinton 's the volunteer leader — it 's an often thankless job , with students who join just to pad their resumés and the kind of work that inevitably exposes you at an early age to life 's sadnesses .
Yeah , we call the popular girl " popular , " but outside of a certain fashion or the ability to determine other people 's " coolness , " she 's never actually that influential with most of the people in the high school .
And when it 's time for the school awards and scholarships , she 's not the girl who wins : it 's the girl who ran the volunteer programs to help the homeless , assist the elderly , work with the disabled and care for the abused and abandoned animals .
And we all know who among those girls in high school did anything that actually changed even a small piece of the world , and who deserved the real accolades — and it was n't the proto - Palins .
So , maybe Time should stop calling their list a list of " influential leaders " and just cop to the fact that it 's a way to get the popular kids to like them back .
Of course , if they did so , Time assistant managing editor Radhika Jones probably would n't get her picture with the most popular girl in school to put in the yearbook .
Advertisement
The 2010 TIME 100 [ Time ]
Sarah Palin [ Time ]
Related : Sarah Palin And The Tea Party Movement [ Washington Post ]
Poll : Clinton Approval Soars [ Politico ]
Travels With The Secretary [ State.gov ]
Obama Could Dump Biden for Clinton as VP in 2012 [ U.S. News & World Report ]
Advertisement
Earlier : " Time 100 " Names 31 Powerful Women
TV psychologist Dr Phil McGraw has revealed that students " mimicked the hanging " of Irish schoolgirl Phoebe Prince at the high school dance in South Hadley , Massachusetts that was held only two days after her death .
The revelation is another shocking detail in a case that has seen six high school students charged with helping cause her suicide and school authorities coming under nationwide scrutiny for how they reacted to it .
Appearing on the Anderson Cooper Show on CNN , Dr Phil stated that bullying expert Barbara Coloroso had confirmed the incident which occured at the winter cotillion dance which had gone ahead despite the fact that Phoebe had been found dead just days earlier .
Dr. Phil questioned why the school authorities allowed the dance to go ahead and stated that the school authorities behaved very badly during the whole bullying episode that led to her death .
" They did n't tell the truth about what they knew . " he stated .
Dr. Phil was referring to an interview he did with family spokesman Darby O'Brien who stated categorically that a teacher had seen Phoebe being bullied in a hallway two weeks before she hung herself .
She was left crying by two girls and the teacher had reported the episode to the school authorities but they had done nothing .
He also stated that it was " astounding how vicious and brutal " the bullying of Phoebe Prince had been and that there were many in authority who knew about it .
He said emotional and verbal abuse was often far more hurtful to young girls than actual physical abuse .
" It can do much more damage " he stated .
Apr 09 , 2010 14:53:56
How does it feel like to kiss a hot celebrity ?
Find out with Zima ’s Silicone Lips !
( This article was originally posted in Japanese at 15:22 Mar. 22 , 2010 )
Remember Zima ?
One of the not - so - manly " malternatives " that was discontinued by Coors a couple of years ago in the US ?
It 's still produced and marketed in Japan and a new campaign called " Kiss A - ZIMA " is to be launched on April 12 , offering freebie silicone lips that can be attached to a Zima bottle to be tongued and fondled all you like .
The silicone lips are copies of the actual lips of Japanese gravure idols including Yukina Kinoshita , Aya Kiguchi and You Tejima .
Read on for details and pics .
The lips come in plastic packs .
Making the mold of Yukina Kinoshita 's lips .
Aya Kiguchi .
You Tejima .
Yukina Kinoshita 's silicone lips .
They 'll be sold attached to a Zima bottle like this .
Instruction sheet .
" How to kiss a Zima : Attach , drink and imagine !
Wow ! "
Apparently , Zima tastes like a kiss .
Flipside .
Caution : it 's not lemon , you can't whistle with it , do n't use it for a prank ...
Here 's the actual silicone lip .
The hot pink ones are based on Yukina Kinoshita 's lips .
Is it me , or do this really look like a not - exactly - safe - for - work material ?
Aya Kiguchi's comes in orange package .
Same instruction , but the girl 's different .
Light pink lips , fuller on the bottom .
Put it on the bottle .
Ready to snog .
You Tejima 's comes in yellow package .
This peach - orange lips look thoroughly kissable .
Let 's get it on .
They 're not as soft or warm as actual lips , kind of hard to forget they 're silicone , but the booze might help eventually ...
Take a look at how these lips were made !
Bizarre Video of Millions of Silicone Lips Manufactured in China - GIGAZINE
Kiss A - ZIMA
http://kiss.a.zima.jp/
Related Posts :
Power Spot “ Karube Shrine ” Dedicated to Women ’s Breast - GIGAZINE
Kon-Katsu Bra to hunt your Mr. Right - GIGAZINE
No More Disposable Chopsticks !
Go Greener with the “ Chopsticks Bra ” - GIGAZINE
Sarah Palin today addressed the jury at the criminal trial of the man accused of hacking into her email account during the 2008 presidential election campaign .
Palin spent 45 minutes in the witness box in a federal court in Knoxville , Tennessee where David Kernell , 22 , faces up to 50 years in prison if found guilty of four charges .
Palin told the court that the " disturbance " to her email had disrupted her personal and political life .
" If the intent was to disrupt it , it was successful .
It caused a huge disruption in the campaign , " she said .
The prosecution alleges that Kernell , then an economics student at the University of Tennessee - Knoxville , broke into Palin's Yahoo !
email account gov.palin in September 2008 by answering simple security questions .
He gained the information from Google , including her date of birth , the postcode of her home , and where she had met her husband , Todd .
He is accused of changing her password to " popcorn " and posting some of her email contents on the internet under the pseudonym " rubico " .
The 2008 Republican vice - presidential candidate told the court she first learned she was the victim of hacking on TV when she was on the campaign trail in Michigan .
" I saw a picture of my kids on the television screen , " she said .
Kernell is charged with identity theft , wire fraud , entering Palin 's email without permission , and interfering with the FBI 's investigation into the hacking .
The prosecution alleges that Kernell , whose father is a Democratic politician , was motivated by a political desire to harm the Republicans ' presidential hopes .
Sarah Palin 's lawyer , Thomas Van Flein , told the jury the hacking was " disruptive to [ Palin's ] ability to communicate with her staff " .
The defence counters that it was merely a " silly prank " .
Her daughter Bristol testified that she had received harassing phone calls and texts after her mobile phone number was revealed in one of the hacked emails posted online .
• This article was amended on 29 April 2010 .
The original said that Thomas Van Flein was the prosecuting attorney .
This has been corrected .
Star Wars Charity Car Wash – Click above to watch the videos after the break
It could very well be the ultimate car - obsessed / Star Wars fanboy fantasy .
What is this latest object of our geekery ?
How about a car wash carried out by a gaggle of Princess Leias ?
And not just any Princess Leia , mind you , but slave Leia .
We told you already : Ultimate car - obsessed Star Wars fanboy fantasy .
Not surprisingly , the fertile minds over at G4TV's Attack of the Show were behind the stunt , and proceeds from the Star Wars Charity Car Wash went to the Make A Wish Foundation .
And if you 're worried it was all just a horrible example of male chauvinism ( yeah , it probably was ) , Han Solo , Darth Vader , Obi Wan , a slew of Storm Troopers and even a Tusken Raider and pair of Jawas were also present and accounted for .
What , no Olivia Munn Video ?
Of course , four of them in total .
See it all go down after the break [ Source : Attack of the Show
Nothing like a long Awkward Pause After you sing " I 'm every woman " ..
Check out the opening monologue from last nights Saturday Night Live ( SNL ) , not only are Tina Fey and Justin Bieber in the clip but so are Mark Sanchez , Steve Martin , and Kenan Thompson .
The monologue was a little hit or miss but the episode of SNL was pretty good .
Link Archives
Ayer salimos pronto de trabajar y nos fuimos un rato varios compañeros de trabajo a rememorar viejos tiempos al 8 bit cafe .
Es una cafetería llena de referencias a videojuegos de los años 90 .
El cartel en la entrada del 8 bit cafe .
Nada más entrar me llamaron la atención las estanterías llenas de videoconsolas ( Sobre todo 8 y 16 bits ) , cajas de juegos , periféricos y adornos capaces de evocar sentimientos nostálgicos en toda la generación jugona de los años 90 .
Nos sentamos en la mesa del fondo y me puse a hacer el tonto con un Power Glove que tenían al lado de la mesa mientras sonaba la música del primer Zelda de la Game Boy .
Probando el Power Glove .
Probando el Power Glove .
¡ Nuevo invento revolucionario !
Espero que Steve Jobs no nos robe la idea 😉
Llegó la camarera y nos dio el menú .
Tenían una serie de cócteles especiales de la casa con nombres tales como « Doctor Mario » , « La tentación de la princesa Peach » .
Los cócteles de la casa .
Miwa y yo decidimos probar el « Doctor Mario » y ¡esto es lo que llegó a la mesa !
Estos son los cuatro posavasos pixelados que nos dieron .
¡ Molan !
Detalle de las cápsulas de los cócteles Dr Mario .
No estoy seguro de los ingredientes del cóctel pero no estaba del todo mal .
Y llegó la hora de tomarnos las cápsulas que acompañaban al cóctel Dr Mario : ¿ Cuál elegís , la roja o la azul ?
Me tomé la roja , ¡pero no funcionó !
Será cuestión de seguir probando .
Para hacer honor al cóctel y aprovechar los efectos de las cápsulas , empezamos la sesión de juego con el Dr. Mario .
Tenían aproximadamente un centenar de juegos de Famicom y otro centenar de Super Famicom .
También había bastante variedad de juegos de Mega Drive , Sega Master System y Playstation .
El siguiente que elegimos fue el Final Fight 2 .
Final Fight en acción .
Las manos de Kawabe en plena partida , nos dio una paliza a todos al Puyo Puyo .
También jugamos un rato al Romancing Saga y al Mario Kart .
Al Dragon Ball Z cayeron un par de batallas .
Al cabo de dos horas llegar tuvimos que dejar la zona de juego a otros clientes y volvimos a nuestra mesa .
Junto a cada mesa tenían varios cuadernos de dibujo , rotuladores de colores y tomos de manga invitándote a dibujar .
Una de las cosas que me fascinan de los japoneses es que la mayoría saben dibujar muy bien .
Estoy bastante seguro de que las habilidades a la hora de dibujar de un japonés « medio » son bastante mejores que las de cualquier otra persona del mundo elegida al azar .
Creo que se hace bastante énfasis en la educación artística cuando son jóvenes y sobre todo el estar rodeados de manga supongo que les motiva a practicar .
Mi compañero Kawabe nos contó que durante sus años universitarios la afición a la que más tiempo le dedicó fue a dibujar manga , según lo que nos dijo , nunca llegó a dibujar lo suficientemente bien como para dedicarse profesionalmente a ello .
Kawabe dibujando .
El dibujo de Kawabe ( Después de tan solo dos minutos ) .
Fijaos que en el estante de abajo tienen los DVDs de Game Center CX .
Videoconsola de 8 bits de Sharp .
Aunque no lo parezca es un ratón USB , el sombrero es el botón del ratón .
Una caricatura de Takahashi Meijin en una de las paredes de la cafetería te recomienda jugar sólo una hora al día .
Estantería llena de videoconsolas y juegos del siglo pasado .
Tenían hasta una Virtual Boy aunque no se podía jugar con ella .
Pasé un buen rato en el 8 bit cafe .
¿ Qué juegos habríais elegido vosotros para rememorar viejos tiempos ?
INSIDE HIGHER ED INSIDE HIGHER ED
For more breaking news , features and commentary from the world of higher education , visit : insidehighered.com .
When it comes to incriminating videos these days , the one of Bruce K . Waltke might seem pretty tame .
It shows the noted evangelical scholar of the Old Testament talking about scholarship , faith and evolution .
What was incriminating ?
He not only endorsed evolution , but said that evangelical Christianity could face a crisis for not coming to accept science .
" If the data is overwhelmingly in favor of evolution , to deny that reality will make us a cult ... some odd group that is not really interacting with the world .
And rightly so , because we are not using our gifts and trusting God 's Providence that brought us to this point of our awareness , " he says , according to several accounts by those who have seen the video .
Those words set off a furor at the Reformed Theological Seminary , where Waltke was — until this week — a professor .
( The seminary is evangelical , with ties to several denominations . )
ON THE WEB : Faith , science and academic freedom AT INSIDE HIGHER ED : Believing in God and evolution
The statements so upset officials of the seminary that Waltke had to ask the BioLogos Foundation , a group that promotes the idea that science and faith need not be incompatible , to remove it from its website ( which the foundation did ) and to post a clarification .
The video was shot during a BioLogos workshop .
But even those steps were n't enough for the seminary , which announced that it had accepted his resignation .
Waltke is a big enough name in evangelical theology that the incident is prompting considerable soul - searching .
On the one hand , his public endorsement of the view that believing in evolution and being a person of faith are not incompatible was significant for those who , like the BioLogos Foundation , support such a view .
Waltke 's scholarly and religious credentials in Christian theology were too strong for him to be dismissed easily .
But the fact that his seminary did dismiss him is viewed as a sign of just how difficult it may be for scholars at some institutions to raise issues involving science that are not 100 % consistent with a literal interpretation of the Bible .
" I think it 's a really sad situation , even if this is n't the first time a scholar at a religious institution has been released for unorthodox views , " said Michael Murray , vice president for philosophy and theology at the John Templeton Foundation , which supports BioLogos and other efforts to bridge science and religion .
Waltke could not be reached for comment on the situation .
He did issue a joint statement with the head of BioLogos in which he stood behind the substance of what he said in the video , but also said that he wished he could have provided more context , particularly his view that it is possible to believe in evolution and also believe in " in the inerrancy of Scripture . "
Michael Milton , president of the seminary 's Charlotte campus and interim president of its Orlando campus , where Waltke taught , confirmed that the scholar had lost his job over the video .
Milton said that Waltke would " undoubtedly " be considered one of the world 's great Christian scholars of the Old Testament and that he was " much beloved here , " with his departure causing " heartache . "
But he said that there was no choice .
Milton said that the seminary allows " views to vary " about creation , describing the faculty members there as having " an eight - lane highway " on which to explore various routes to understanding .
Giving an example , he said that some faculty members believe that the Hebrew word yom ( day ) should be seen in Genesis as a literal 24 - hour day .
Others believe that yom may be providing " a framework " for some period of time longer than a day .
Both of those views , and various others , are allowed , Milton said .
But while Milton insisted that this provides for " a diversity " of views , he acknowledged that others are not permitted .
Darwinian views , and any suggestion that humans did n't arrive on earth directly from being created by God ( as opposed to having evolved from other forms of life ) are not allowed , he said , and faculty members know this .
Asked if this limits academic freedom , Milton said : " We are a confessional seminary .
I'm a professor myself , but I do not have a freedom that would go past the boundaries of the confession .
Nor do I have a freedom that would allow me to express my views in such a way to hurt or impugn someone who holds another view . "
Indeed he added that the problem with what Waltke said was as much his suggestion that religion will lose support over these issues as his statements about evolution itself .
( The statement of faith at the seminary states : " Since the Bible is absolutely and finally authoritative as the inerrant Word of God , it is the basis for the total curriculum . " )
Given Waltke 's role and reputation , Milton said that his resignation was n't accepted on the spot .
But after prayer on the question , Milton said , officials accepted the resignation .
Even before word of Waltke 's resignation spread , his need to ask BioLogos to remove the video worried many Christian thinkers who want more public discussion about science .
In his blog , Jesus Creed , Scot McKnight , the Karl A. Olsson Professor in Religious Studies at North Park University , wrote that he did n't agree with all of Waltke 's views , but very much agreed that they deserved serious discussion .
McKnight focused his praise on a quote from Waltke in the video in which he said that " to deny the reality would be to deny the truth of God in the world and would be to deny truth .
So I think it would be our spiritual death if we stopped loving God with all of our minds and thinking about it , I think it 's our spiritual death . "
McKnight wrote that " we do not preserve the church by drawing lines and building walls . "
Such a philosophy , he added , will not be easy , but may be essential .
" Unfortunately growth causes growing pains — and growth brings uncertainty .
People get defensive and people get hurt .
We see this today and are poorer for it .
It is also — my opinion , not from Waltke 's comments — our spiritual death in witness to the world when we backstab , fight , condemn , and censor amongst ourselves .
We are our own worst enemy , " wrote McKnight .
At BeliefNet , Rod Dreher blogged that " even though I would agree that Waltke 's controversial remarks were overstated , it is all but incomprehensible that in 2010 , any American scholar , particularly one of his academic distinction , could be so harshly bullied for stating an opinion consonant with current scientific orthodoxy .
Does n't Waltke at least have the right to be wrong about something like this ?
" Do n't mistake me , I believe that any and every religion , and religious institution , has the right , and indeed the obligation , to set standards and to enforce them .
But is this really the hill these Reformed folks want to die on ? "
( Dreher is director of publications at Templeton but stressed that his blog does not represent the foundation . )
Darrel Falk , a professor of biology at Point Loma Nazarene University and president of BioLogos , said he was " disappointed " by what happened to Waltke , and said that it showed the need to continue to promote meaningful dialogue between those in the worlds of science and faith .
He said that Waltke took " a real risk " by speaking out , and that there is going to be a danger for those who work with religious groups whose leaders and members " just do n't understand science . "
On the BioLogos website , Falk posted a statement Thursday called " On the Courage of Bruce Waltke . "
He closed the statement this way : " Decades from now , when the Evangelical Church has come to terms with the reality of evolution , we hope she will look back at those who were the pioneers on its journey toward a fuller understanding of the manner by which God has created .
I could list other pioneers , a number of whom are good friends and colleagues .
" Right there alongside them will be Dr. Bruce Waltke who , in the latter phase of an extremely distinguished career , had the courage to tell the Church what it needed to hear .
The fact that he did so with a remarkably gentle spirit of love will be a reminder to all that the real battles are won when we simply live the reality of the Gospel .
To do this — in the face of adversity — is the ultimate in courage . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
" It was supposed to have been a fun day out for me and my daughter and we saw loads of children on the way and not one of them asked if I was one of the princesses from the park .
NEW YORK -- Sean
Avery was all talked out after popping in two goals following a one - game benching .
The noted agitator had little to say after leading the Rangers to a key 3 - 1 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers that gave New York 's late - season playoff push a much - needed confidence boost .
Long after the Rangers ' dressing room had cleared out , Avery emerged and spoke briefly while never breaking stride .
" Great game .
Great two points .
Thanks for waiting , guys , " Avery said .
And that was it .
" The thing I liked about his game , he let his play do his talking , " said coach John Tortorella , who sat Avery for the Rangers ' win at Atlanta on Friday .
" That is very important . "
Avery returned and raised his hard - edge style to the level Tortorella demanded .
He got the Rangers even in the second period and drew three penalties , including two resulting in power plays .
" I do n't know if that worked , " Tortorella said of the benching .
" You guys get a little crazy with all that stuff as far as the motivation .
Sean concentrated .
He deserves the credit in the things he does . "
Michal Rozsival netted the go - ahead goal in the second period as the Rangers climbed within one point of eighth - place Boston in the Eastern Conference playoff race .
New York also shelved urges to retaliate against Daniel Carcillo , who fought star forward Marian Gaborik in the teams ' previous meeting on Jan. 21 and drew the Rangers ' ire .
" If they want to play a physical game , we 're going to play physical right back , " said forward Brandon Dubinsky , who fought Flyers captain Mike Richards in the third period .
" If they want to mix it up , then we 're going to mix it up .
We 've got guys in here that are willing to do that and guys that are good at it .
" We 're not going to back down .
We 're going to continue to fight , scratch and claw each and every game to find a way to get into the playoffs . "
Avery gave the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead with 5:54 remaining when his unscreened shot somehow eluded Michael Leighton 's glove and left the goalie hanging his head .
Henrik Lundqvist needed to make only 17 saves for the win .
New York recorded 21 shots .
The Rangers ' next task is a home meeting Tuesday with Montreal , which sits five points ahead in seventh .
" These are desperate times for us , " captain Chris Drury said .
Danny Briere scored his 24th goal 4:13 in for Philadelphia , which could n't build off its stirring home win in the final seconds against Chicago on Saturday .
The Flyers then endured a 7 - hour train ride through a strong storm and did n't arrive in New York until after midnight .
Emotion and fatigue could have been a factor in Philadelphia 's lack of offense .
With 76 points , the Flyers are tied with Montreal .
" It 's always tough when you 're on such a high to try to reproduce the same emotion the next day .
But there is no excuse , " Briere said .
" They came out .
They wanted it more than us .
They were more hungry .
We have to realize that we have n't clinched anything yet .
Yes , we 've put ourselves in a good position , but the way we came out we had no emotion .
" This time of the season games are too crucial .
We can be tired when the season is over and the playoffs are over .
Not at this point . "
After recording only four shots in an uninspiring first period , the Rangers took over in the second .
Avery scored at 1:53 when he backhanded in a rebound of Wade Redden 's shot .
New York received only one power play in the first and failed to record a shot .
The Rangers made the most of their second when Rozsival fired a shot in off the left post at 4:54 .
The physical play and animosity expected in this game showed up in the second .
Avery and Flyers defenseman Chris Pronger were whistled for penalties at 2:09 following a scrum that was sparked by Avery 's crunching hit on Matt Carle .
Avery then goaded Scott Hartnell into a roughing penalty with 2:30 left in the period .
Hartnell grabbed hold of Avery and kept yanking him as Avery turned away .
" We got outworked , " Pronger said .
" We played a desperate team .
We knew they were desperate .
We knew what they were coming in to do and we did n't respond very well .
I do n't think you can focus on [ Avery ] solely . "
New York received another power play earlier in the period when James van Riemsdyk crashed into Lundqvist while charging the net .
Lundqvist was bowled over and lost his mask in the pileup .
When he got up , he and Dubinsky checked the goalie 's head for blood .
Avery drew an interference call against Braydon Coburn early in the third and exchanged shoves with Carcillo .
Tras anomal�as en la credencializaci�n de afiliados , tres ex funcionarios sancionados buscan a�n evitar multas por 450 mdp
Mi�rcoles 14 de abril de 2010
Thelma G�mez Dur�n | El Universal
Is that just paranoia ?
Perhaps .
But recent history provides plenty of examples of government intrusion into the affairs of overseas journalists and their employees .
It was only in 2007 that Zhao Yan , a researcher in the Beijing bureau of The New York Times , emerged from three years of detention after he was convicted of fraud .
The unrelated accusations that led to his arrest — that he had revealed state secrets — were based on a Times article that correctly predicted the impending retirement of a senior Chinese leader .
The state secrets charge , which was far more serious than fraud , eventually was dismissed , but not before the prosecutors introduced documents that had come from a desk in the Times office — an indication that we were never truly alone .
Even now , Western news organizations complain when their employees are called in for tea - drinking sessions with security personnel who ask about the stories they are working on .
The antagonism and surveillance , by most accounts , have become less harsh and blatant over the years .
The nadir may have been in 1967 , when one of the first foreign reporters allowed into the country , Anthony Grey , a British correspondent for Reuters , spent more than two years confined to a room of his Beijing home .
Accused of being a spy but never formally charged , his detention was widely thought to be retaliation for the arrest of Chinese journalists in Hong Kong , then a British colony .
They had been detained during a protest , and were released long before he was .
When the author and journalist Orville Schell arrived in 1975 , in the waning days of the Cultural Revolution , fear effectively deterred Chinese citizens from having any meaningful interaction with foreigners , whose reputations had been thoroughly maligned by a decade of extravagant anti-Western propaganda .
Mr. Schell said that the few times he wandered away from his minders , security officers would find him and escort him back to his hotel .
On one occasion , after he managed to chat up a man tending an apple orchard in Shanxi Province , Mr. Schell was pronounced sick and locked in his accommodations , which at the time happened to be a cave .
Even when he managed to pose questions to pedestrians , his queries were often waved away or ignored .
“ People were almost completely standoffish and unreceptive , ” he said .
“ We foreigners lived in a bubble . ”
Restrictions and attitudes relaxed during the reforms of the 1980s but then tightened up again after the student - led protests of 1989 ended in a violent crackdown .
Nicholas Kristof , then the Times Beijing correspondent along with his wife , Sheryl WuDunn , recalls early morning jogs shadowed by a small caravan of vehicles .
“ Sometimes they were n’t very subtle , ” he said .
“ We had lists of all the license plates of the cars that were following us . ”
Although Mr. Kristof said they learned to evade some of the monitoring by sneaking out of their building through a stairwell or speaking in code to arrange interviews , he was devastated to find out that one of his closest friends , a Chinese journalist , was actually working as a government spy .
“ We did n’t really get used to it , ” he said of the surveillance .
“ We were always terrified that a Chinese friend would get into trouble and we had some close calls . ”
One of the most pressing questions analysts and patients have had about Provenge is how much Dendreon would charge for its newly approved prostate cancer drug .
Following this afternoon 's conference call , we now have an answer .
Each infusion of Provenge will cost $ 31,000 , bringing the full cost of treatment for three infusions to $ 93,000 .
As the company put it , the drug will cost about $ 23,000 per month of life extension , based on the Phase III study that found the drug extended life by 4.1 months .
That price point is far higher than anticipated :
In a recent Xconomy article , analysts projected a range of prices from $ 40,000 per patient at the low end , up to $ 75,000 , with an average around $ 62,000 .
Dendreon spent about $ 1 billion developing the immunotherapy .
Dendreon says that , initially , demand for the drug will exceed supply as the company finishes building out its three manufacturing facilities in Los Angeles , Atlanta and New Jersey .
" We can't warehouse drugs , since every dose is unique to each patient , " explained COO Hans Bishop .
For the drug launch , New Jersey facility will operate at 25 percent capacity , which will allow Dendreon to provide Provenge to about 2,000 patients in the next 12 months .
Bishop acknowledged that initial demand will outstrip supply .
The company will provide the drug to 50 oncology and neurology clinics that participated in Provenge clinical trials .
It will be up to doctors at those sites to decide which patients are best suited to receive the treatment .
All three facilities are expected to be fully operational by mid-2011 , pumping out at least $ 1.2 billion worth of the drug .
Dendreon execs added that they 've put partnerships aside for now , and will instead focus on gaining Provenge approval in other countries , with their focus set on the EU .
The company will also evaluate which existing drugs might work in combination with Provenge , though CEO Mitch Gold would n't provide any further details .
After 15 years of waiting , Dendreon expects to treat its first patient next week .
What do you get when you cross a corny old joke with a network news report ?
Something like this :
A black guy walks into a tea party , and a white lady says to him , " You know , we do n't get many African - Americans in here . "
The black guy replies , " And at these prices , it 's no wonder ! "
The joke , at least as we originally heard it , involves a kangaroo ...
Front page photo by Frank Lyon
UPDATE : Song has been removed
The new song by psych - rock duo MGMT features flutes , horns , and about seven different sections that reference doo - wop , old school rock 'n'roll , electro balladry , Ariel Pink - style lo - fi , wall - of - Spector pop , and the Beatles at their most high .
All in four minutes and sixteen seconds !
( Via MGMT 's site . )
The track is from MGMT 's new album , Congratulations , out April 13 on Columbia .
[ First published in Quadrant , April 2010 ]
After decades of deluge about the evils of “ racism ” , discussion of the Aboriginal question invariably puts this word centre stage , but it is not a useful one and never has been .
The discussion has more to do with culture than race , and the “ Stolen Generations ” story has been more about people of mixed descent allegedly and painfully separated from their culture than about real racial prejudice .
But what is “ culture ” ?
Is Australian Aboriginal culture , once separated from remote and isolated tribal conditions and thrust into the wider world , much different from say , Scottish or Croatian culture surviving into the suburbs ?
Is there much of it that is distinctive and worth saving in the modern world , other than a sense of identity and , for those who want it , a preference for mixing with their own kind or a minor badge of pride , like a tartan tie ?
These are key issues of the “ Stolen Generations ” issue , raised anew by the third volume of Keith Windschuttle ’s The Fabrication of Aboriginal History .
Essentially , the furore of recent times has been the charge that in earlier times the government protectorates “ stole ” the culture of mixed - race people by separating them from an Aboriginal environment — in effect , “ stealing ” culture from generations .
In Windschuttle ’s account , this does not withstand much scrutiny .
There does seem to be a frequent lingering ambivalence or sadness among Aborigines about white domination of their land , but this is not what the Stolen Generations is about .
Nor is it about health , poverty or minor local prejudice .
Protagonists seem vague on what “ culture ” means .
In a literal sense , the alleged government - sponsored “ genocide ” of “ Aboriginality ” cannot be true , since in the period of alleged destruction there was enormous growth in the population identifying as Aborigines , as well as in a sense of Aboriginal identity , not to mention Aboriginal art , and in advocacy politics .
Windschuttle says that before the Second World War governments usually left tribal “ full descent ” Aorigines in remote reserves or unallocated land and tried to shield them from harmful influences and provide extra food when necessary .
Far from trying to destroy them or their culture , this approach was successful enough for their numbers to begin rising again in the early twentieth century , after more than a hundred years of precipitous decline .
Any thought of assimilating them was for the distant future .
The principal concern — and the only one governments would pay much for — was for those people , mostly part - European , in regions dominated by white settlers .
This is the chief “ stolen ” culture battleground .
But Windschuttle says traditional Aboriginal culture had largely or wholly died out among these people by the late nineteenth century .
He might have added that any culture under challenge would struggle to survive for long when characterised by magic and sorcery , child marriage and polygamy , infanticide and a language confined to a few hundred people .
Mankind ’s experience over aeons has been that a technically and legally stronger culture will dominate when in serious rivalry with a less robust one .
Windschuttle ’s accomplishment is partly to contest the Stolen Generations story over 600 - plus pages of cogent detail but also to tell the story of the Protectors of Aborigines in the states and territories as presented in the records of more than a century .
It is a very different story from that told over recent years in academic histories , politics , newspaper and television accounts , dramas , documentaries and films .
These typically depict the government protectorates as malign and “ racist ” , out to control and debase Aborigines , destroy their culture , and in more extreme versions to destroy them in genocide comparable to that perpetrated by Nazi Germany .
Some have called the Protectors “ monsters ” .
Increasingly , politicians and commentators are employing the word brutal to describe past treatment of Aborigines .
The Prime Minister has apologised before the world for past Commonwealth and state Aboriginal policies .
Windschuttle ’s account from the record shows nothing remotely like that .
The Protectors emerge rather as humanitarians , concerned for their charges , prepared to stand up for them , and not racially prejudiced , though there were the usual quota of mistakes .
The issue , he says , was lack of action because of government parsimony rather than the draconian action alleged .
Today this can sound a radical interpretation but it is what would once have been only what was expected of Australian society .
On Windschuttle ’s calculations , between the late nineteenth century and 1970 the protectorates placed only about 8250 children in institutions for long periods , separated from families , mostly because they were found to be neglected , orphaned or abandoned children , under laws similar to , though not always identical with , those applying to white children .
But of those 8250 many , perhaps most , were not forcibly removed — the precise circumstances of removal have not been recorded — and families were usually encouraged to stay in touch with removed children .
He does not accept the argument , frequently heard , that the Protectors did not understand Aboriginal communal nurturing ; he says it was breaking down .
Many of the children went to institutions for short periods during family crises , others again because their families wanted them educated beyond what schooling was available in remote areas , or because of illness or hungry times in drought .
They were usually part - European .
No functioning families were broken up .
Hardly any were full - descent ( or “ full - blood ” )
Aborigines from traditional tribal societies , apart from those boarding in mission schools not far from their tribal homelands .
Only a minuscule number were fostered or adopted out to white families .
The institutions were mostly all - Aboriginal , apart from managers and teachers .
There seemed no intention to destroy Aboriginal feeling , though Windschuttle concludes that history shows that teaching other than the standard state curriculum has never worked .
There were also special categories , such as the apprenticeships in New South Wales for outback or troubled teenagers to be apprenticed , mostly to whites , boys to learn farm work and girls domestic work .
It was firmly encouraged , though not compulsory , and many apprentices did not stay long , especially if the boss was bad .
Farming and domestic work were major employers in times past , and such training gave Aborigines a better chance of secure income than seasonal or casual work .
Numbers can only be estimated .
A Bureau of Statistics survey in 1994 showed that 10.2 per cent of people then over twenty - five and identifying as Aborigines had lived in some kind of institution as youngsters .
On this basis , the number of 50,000 separated from their families over about seventy - five years , given by Prime Minister Rudd in his apology , becomes plausible — but only if the many different categories are added together .
This is also the base figure used in Bringing Them Home , the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission ’s 1997 report — except that in its introduction it said the number seemed too low , so effectively doubled it by saying that in some districts the removal rate was nearer one in three .
This was the report which gave Commonwealth government authority to the Stolen Generations claim and catapulted it to national and international notice .
For example , the best - selling US travel writer Bill Bryson ’s Bryson Down Under , published for the 2000 Olympics , presented a literal version of a grand government plan to turn the Aborigines into brown - skinned whites .
As Windschuttle shows — and it is obvious to anybody who reads it carefully — Bringing Them Home operates at two levels .
One is the unexceptional one of allowing Aborigines who feel aggrieved by institutional childhoods to tell their stories and , for some , to facilitate family reunions .
It quotes selections from interviews with 535 different people , some with harrowing stories of emotionally blighted lives , but few with much memory of the reasons or circumstances of their removal .
At another level , it is public relations — really , propaganda — for the anti-assimilation cause .
The introduction , which is all most people read properly , makes sweeping , loosely worded allegations against government which are not developed or borne out by the contents .
Much of the body reiterates the long - standing demands for compensation , an apology , a treaty and so on .
Windschuttle investigated some of the more serious complaints against institutions and says they can not be substantiated .
Many others read like the complaints you often hear about white boarding institutions , even upscale schools — often enough justified , but frequently there is another side to it .
In buildings and food , the institutions varied from good to bad .
Pervading Bringing Them Home , however , is the theme of the spiritual deprivation caused by lifetime separation from culture .
Again , there is another side to it .
Windschuttle says critics usually associate life on the Aboriginal reserves with traditional culture , but actually reserves in southern Australia decades ago had many of the same problems as those quoted so often today for the remote north , but without the support of at least some traditional culture .
The old culture had long disappeared from settled areas after up to a century of contact with whites .
In New South Wales , the longest - settled state , even a century ago there were reports of traditional culture only in the most remote corners , and even there it was struggling .
Nevertheless , the Protector supported it with supplies .
Many decades ago , observers spoke of “ vice ” , “ dissipation ” and “ idleness ” on the reserves .
The southern reserves were usually intended as fallback support for poor Aborigines , with problems like unemployment , illness ( including mental illness ) and alcoholism .
They offered rations , clothing , sometimes accommodation and other assistance .
But few Aborigines lived there for long .
Most were bush or other rural workers .
Windschuttle says that in New South Wales about two - thirds — up or down with economic or climatic conditions — lived independently of the government and were not under the protectorate .
Some of these supplemented rural work for wages with traditional hunting and gathering for food .
The situation varied from state to state and time to time , but generally the protectorates were only concerned with those on the reserves , if only because this was all governments were willing to pay for .
The Stolen Generations furore arose from a pamphlet of this name by the historian Peter Read , who became the main academic adviser to the Bringing Them Home inquiry .
He wrote the pamphlet , which was published in 1981 to mark the centenary of the protectorate , for the New South Wales Ministry of Aboriginal Affairs .
It is a bombastic , thinly researched little pamphlet which emphasises cultural deprivation .
It probably reflected Read ’s earlier work in oral history with Aborigines in central New South Wales , at a time of high activism and a rising spirit of Aboriginal grievance , nationalism and fundamentalism , for want of better words , among the more articulate .
Windschuttle says it was originally to be “ The Lost Generations ” , but Read ’s wife suggested the catchier title .
It caught both black and white imaginations and the story took off .
Windschuttle shows that until then the issue had never been raised , even in the ebullient , “ tent embassy ” activism of the 1970s .
It had no place in issues raised by earlier generations of Aboriginal activists , who were especially active in the 1930s ; these were not short on grievances , but they were typically economic and a desire for a “ fair go ” .
This period was much closer to the high point of alleged child “ stealing ” , when if it was a concern it surely would have been raised .
Read ’s 1981 pamphlet , however , struck a chord .
It is not to deny that there were many genuine grievances to say that some Aborigines found it congenial to blame governments rather than more complex , elusive and not always flattering reasons for their misery .
Child neglect is obviously an emotive charge and the background can be impossible to unravel decades afterwards .
But hard cases do not make good history , any more than they make good law .
The media loved Bringing Them Home .
The launch became a Watergate moment , the investigation that lifted the lid on a huge , hidden national scandal .
Windschuttle remarks that the Human Rights Commission did not have the budget for independent research , but could manage a public relations campaign .
The report became a lightning rod for whites with diverse perspectives : Marxist and other socialist , anti-colonialist , religious , feminist , humanitarian , anti-racist .
More importantly , the drama attracted film and television documentary makers and book publishers , and several high - profile memoirs followed .
Windschuttle analyses the background to these and puts them in a class similar to Frank Hardy ’s Power Without Glory : popular advocacy rather than serious history .
A rising generation of historians , attracted to the new discipline of Aboriginal history but often lacking perspective and analytical experience — when not also practising advocacy by selective use of information — added a spate of new academic literature .
It was not surprising that the combination of images and apparently solid academic work about suffering children made the Stolen Generations a favourite in school rooms across the country .
But Windschuttle finds a vast dearth of accuracy .
Readers will remember the excitement when the report was launched .
Tears came to many eyes .
Suburban families had many a heated argument .
ABC newsreaders referred to “ up to 100,000 Aboriginal children stolen from their parents ’ arms ” .
I have never seen journalism as biased and hysterical as that in the Age at the time ; it has barely acknowledged yet that there is another side .
To question the story could seem hard - hearted and invite the “ racist ” sneer .
Windschuttle finds , however , little substance in the report other than the quotations from people interviewed .
The few references , when checked , are selective or from previous advocacy work , seemingly chosen to reinforce the story .
Critical background , but so sensitive that it is difficult to discuss , is the role of women in traditional culture .
They were in theory owned by the men , who typically had three or four wives , chosen as babies and betrothed at puberty .
The mothers were so young that their first children were often stillborn .
Men lent their wives to visitors in return for gifts .
This last practice degraded to something close to prostitution when whites arrived , with alcohol , tobacco , clothes , ironware and Western food .
Inevitably , venereal disease , then rampant in the outside world , followed and was a major cause of a rapid fall in the Aboriginal birth - rate .
As infanticide was a traditional practice for maintaining a viable population , in early contact times mixed - race babies were killed as defective “ yeller fellers ” .
As more survived , there were difficulties in fitting them into the tribal totem system and many were outcast as adults , or suffered prejudice or departed anyway to partially integrate into the wider society .
Part - European women had limited value in the tribes as wives , but were more attractive than full - descent women to whites and also to Asians , such as pearl divers .
A rising generation of even lighter - skinned women , along with more exposure to modern society , complicated things further .
This situation arose everywhere during the early years of white –black contact , but with the growing populations of the north the 1930s saw much publicity and pressure for action from , for example , church women ’s groups , over what was seen as increasing “ prostitution ” and “ vice ” in the north .
Windschuttle reports accounts of part - European women being “ sold ” to whites .
This was also part of the context for the “ breeding out the colour ” furore of the time , where the Protectors in Western Australia and the Northern Territory sought to encourage mixed - race people to marry whites .
Windschuttle quotes copious documentation to show that this never worked in practice , never had government support and in any case was aimed at producing over generations honey - coloured people suited to the northern climate .
He also argues that it had nothing to do with child removal or the Stolen Generations , except in the minds of recent advocates .
To me , the expression “ breeding out the colour ” sounds more like 1930s country talk than the cosmopolitan eugenics some see .
There was also no discernible connection with the White Australia policy , easy as it is now to chuck it into the argument as makeweight .
In practice , as part - Europeans increased rapidly in number around that time , most chose to marry or mate with each other , usually outside the tribal structures .
A substantial minority married full - bloods , with tribal acceptance negotiated , but many also married or mated with whites .
Some of the progeny merged into white or else tribal society , but the overall picture was of the part - European population increasing everywhere and stabilising as a distinctive people .
The move away from traditional culture was emotionally traumatic for many Aborigines but others seemed to accomplish it more easily .
Mixed - race people of any kind have famously felt torn between two worlds .
Alcohol and health remained serious problems , but there were also many Aborigines integrating successfully into the modern world — whether two centuries ago or now .
Terms like half - caste are not necessarily racist .
Until recently Aborigines used them ; though the emphasis today is on asserting undifferentiated Aboriginality .
Most of this has long been known to anybody who did a little background reading , but Windschuttle has brought it together with a wealth of detail .
Unless comprehensive rebuttal — not just cheap shots — follows , he has demolished the Stolen Generations story — to such an extent that reputations would be at risk if it was about a less politically correct subject .
It is hard to see how much reconciliation the story has achieved .
Robert Murray ’s latest book is 150 Years of Spring Street : Victorian Government : 1850s to 21st Century ( Australian Scholarly Publishing ) .
( CNN ) --
When Jennifer Nicholas sees television shows or movies where characters " hook up " or have sex with " friends with benefits , " she cringes , because that 's how she got herpes .
" Getting an STD was n't even something that crossed my mind , " said Nicholas , 39 , who learned that she had herpes at age 22 .
" One day I 'm at the doctor 's office and it was , ' Surprise !
You 've got herpes . ' "
Experts in sexually transmitted diseases say they 've become increasingly concerned about the trend toward having what they call " sexual involvement in nonromantic contexts " -- the technical term for hookups or " friends with benefits " -- because they 're especially likely to spread sexually transmitted diseases .
The concern is that that people who have nonromantic relationships tend to have several partners at one time -- " concurrency , " in sexual behavior lingo -- in contrast to people engaged in romantic relationships , who tend to be monogamous for the duration of the romance .
" We 're concerned that concurrency is speeding up the transmission of sexually transmitted diseases , " said Tony Paik , an assistant professor of sociology at the University of Iowa who recently published a study on the subject .
" This is a direct route for spreading STDs .
There are important implications here for public health , " he added .
In Paik 's study , published last month in the journal Perspectives on Sexual and Reproductive Health , he found that 17 percent of men and 5 percent of women had at some point had more than one sexual partner at a time .
Seventeen percent of women and 8 percent of men said they 'd been exclusive but their partner had not .
For both genders , having sex with a friend made someone less likely to be monogamous .
" Sex with the ex "
Peggy Giordano , a professor of sociology at Bowling Green State University , studies the sexual behavior of young people , and she 's also concerned about the phenomenon of having sex in nonromantic ways .
" It seems more acceptable now to have nonromantic sexual encounters , " said Giordano , who 's studied the sex lives of 1,300 teens and young adults in Lucas County , Ohio .
" When there 's no romance , there 's no basis for demanding fidelity from the other person . "
She says it 's not just the number of partners at one time ; it 's that people 's behavior seems to be different when they 're having " friendly " sex in contrast to romantic sex .
When people have sex with a friend , they tend to be more trusting that the person does n't have a sexually transmitted disease and therefore fail to use a condom , she says .
" If you 've known a person for a while , you do n't have that vigilance .
You 're probably not going to ask them to go and get tested for STDs , " Giordano said .
( To find out whether you should get a test for an STD , you can take this quiz . )
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention can help you find a testing site near you .
This lack of vigilance about STDs is especially true when the sexual partner is a former boyfriend or girlfriend , she adds .
" We 're finding that ' sex with the ex ' is a very common experience , " said Giordano , who 's been studying the group of Ohio youth since 2001 .
" It 's seemingly safe , since they used to be your girlfriend or boyfriend .
But of course you do n't know what they 've done since you broke up .
You do n't know their full portfolio of partners , " she said .
What are the chances ?
Through her work with the Atlanta H Club , a social and support group for adults with herpes or the human papillomavirus , Nicholas is now more aware of the chances that a prospective partner could have a sexually transmitted disease .
It 's impossible to say precisely what the chances are you 'll catch an STD from any one person , but there are studies that can give you a clue .
One important factor to keep in mind :
For biological reasons , women are more likely to catch an STD from a man than vice versa .
Human papillomavirus
HPV is the most common sexually transmitted disease in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
About one in four U.S. females age 14 to 59 has HPV , according to a 2007 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The HPV rate was highest -- 44 percent -- for women ages 20 to 24 .
HPV is not as common in men , according to a 2006 article in the Journal of Infectious Diseases , but is still " highly prevalent . "
The study , which looked at 40 studies on HPV and men , found that 56 percent of the reports found that at least one in five men had HPV .
Herpes
Nearly one in five Americans has herpes simplex virus , according to a 2006 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The rates for women were higher than for men : 23 percent , compared with 11 percent .
Rates were especially high among African - Americans .
Gonorrhea
Your chances of getting gonorrhea from a sexual encounter are significantly lower than your chances of getting HPV or herpes .
A 2007 study in the Annals of Internal Medicine showed a 0.24 percent prevalence rate .
Rates were highest among teens but still less than 1 percent .
Chlamydia
Nearly half of the people in the above study who had gonorrhea also had chlamydia , but again , infection rates were significantly lower than for HPV and herpes .
According to a 2007 report in the Annals of Internal Medicine , 2.2 percent of Americans ages 14 to 39 had chlamydia .
The rates were highest for teenage girls ( 4.6 percent ) and for black women ( 7.2 percent ) .
CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this report .
IN COLD - WAR days America and the Soviet Union vied for influence among the poor world 's minnows .
Now the BRICs — Brazil , Russia , India and China — are getting into the game , and changing it .
This month , Sri Lanka got $ 290 m from China for a new international airport and $ 67 m from India to upgrade its railways .
As poor countries emerge from recession and the rich world flounders , big middle - income countries see a once - in - a- generation chance to win friends and influence people .
The process is sometimes direct ( through aid , trade , remittances , investment ) and sometimes indirect ( through commodity prices or competition in third markets , for instance ) .
But it is always hard to pin down .
None of the new donors ( all of which , except Russia , still get aid themselves ) publishes comprehensive , or even comprehensible , figures .
But a new study * by the Overseas Development Institute ( ODI ) , a British think - tank , says the emerging countries ( such as the BRICs ) increasingly affect the growth prospects of poorer ones .
In other words , after decades of talk about the importance of “ south - south ” ties , those links have finally started to mean something .
China is now the largest donor to Cambodia and Sri Lanka .
It has a huge list of pledges to Africa .
In November the prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised $ 10 billion of cheap loans over three years .
China has also offered debt forgiveness , new hospitals , professional training for 15,000 Africans and a doubling of aid between 2006 and 2009 ( though the accounting is so opaque that this is hard to measure ) .
When Sudan ran into trouble repaying its $ 34 billion foreign debt , it turned to China , India and regional development funds in the Gulf .
India lags behind China , but has helped bail out Tanzania 's financial institutions by offering special farm credit .
Dirk Willem te Velde of the ODI reckons that these flows will soon become even more important .
History supports that idea : Western aid tends to wane two to three years after any recession .
Trade and foreign direct investment ( FDI ) from the West are already falling and the middle - income countries are taking up the slack .
While total FDI in Africa fell by about a third between 2008 and 2009 , the flow from China soared by 80 % ( admittedly from a low base ) .
Brazil says it has invested $ 10 billion on the continent since 2003 .
Since 2009 , the BRICs ' deals in Africa have become a flood ( see table ) .
Similarly for trade : poor - country exports to rich countries have fallen much faster ( down by 17 % in 2008 - 09 ) than those to emerging markets ( down by only 7 % ) .
In three - quarters of the poor countries that the ODI looked at , middle - income countries have increased their share of trade .
The blessing is mixed .
Aid agencies dub China and others “ rogue donors ” because they give to — and prop up — beastly regimes .
Chinese aid is also usually “ tied ” to hospitals , roads , and equipment built or sold by Chinese companies .
And much “ aid ” is in fact loans at near - commercial rates .
African governments have had their debts to the West mostly forgiven — and are piling up new loans elsewhere .
Such aid may also be a trap .
The BRICs import raw materials like copper and cotton from poor countries ; rich countries tend to buy manufactured goods such as garments .
So more trade with the BRICs and less with the rich world is a step down the value chain — the opposite of what China did as it grew richer .
Eswar Prasad of Cornell University says the voracious appetite for raw materials of China and India may help poor countries diversify their export markets but not their industry , leaving them more dependent on volatile commodities than before .
They also suffer , he notes , from China 's policy of depressing its exchange rate .
That undermines their competitiveness and forces them to try to push their own currencies down .
This does not mean the BRICs have been , on balance , bad for the economic minnows .
Without them , the global slump would have hit the world 's poorest countries even harder .
Deborah Brautigam , author of a new book on China 's role in Africa† , says the BRICs ' emergence as aid donors is as important for poor countries as was the fall of the Berlin Wall for eastern Europe .
But just as that event did not solve the region 's problems at a stroke , so it is in Africa now .
The search for good government goes on .
* “ Global Financial Crisis Discussion Series Paper , Synthesis ( phase 2 ) ” , by Dirk Willem te Velde , ODI .
†“ The Dragon 's Gift ” , by Deborah Brautigam , OUP .
Moments after Gov. Jan Brewer signed Arizona 's controversial new immigration law Friday , opponents promised legal challenges and economic sanctions against a state still reeling from the housing meltdown .
Before and after Senate Bill 1070 became law at 1:30 p.m. , civil unrest punctuated by loud protests and several minor clashes took place at the state Capitol , where more than 1,500 people gathered to chant , pray and either praise or castigate the Republican governor .
At least four protesters were arrested , several after hurling water bottles at police officers in riot gear .
Brewer , who faces a stiff primary challenge and needs conservatives to keep her in office , said the law represents another tool for the state to " work to solve a crisis we did not create and the federal government has refused to fix - the crisis caused by illegal immigration and Arizona 's porous border . "
The legislation put Arizona in the national spotlight , with President Barack Obama weighing in on it earlier in the day and cable - news giant CNN broadcasting live Brewer 's signing and the Capitol demonstrations .
Even the Mexican government issued a formal statement , saying it " laments that Arizona lawmakers and the executive branch did n't take into account immigrants ' contributions - economically , socially and culturally . "
" The criminalization is n't the path to resolve the undocumented - immigration phenomenon , " the statement added .
The legislation has widespread support among Arizonans , according to one recent poll , but Latino leaders compared the bill to apartheid in South Africa and the internment of Japanese - Americans during World War II .
A handful of teenage girls , among the hundreds of high - school students attending a Statehouse rally , openly wept after it was announced that Brewer signed the bill .
" This is the most reprehensible thing since the Japanese internment , " said Alfredo Gutierrez , a former state senator and community leader .
" This is the saddest day for me .
It 's shameful . "
Arizona 's immigration law , now considered the toughest in the nation , makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally and requires local police to enforce federal immigration laws .
It will require anyone whom police suspect of being in the country illegally to produce " an alien registration document , " such as a green card or other proof of citizenship , such as a passport or Arizona driver 's license .
It also makes it illegal to impede the flow of traffic by picking up day laborers for work .
A day laborer who gets picked up for work , and traffic is impeded in the process , would also be committing a criminal act .
The law goes into effect 90 days after the current legislative session ends , likely in early May .
Sen . Russell Pearce , R - Mesa , the bill 's sponsor , called it " a good day for America , " saying the law is reasonable .
Best for Arizona
After receiving intense pressure from both sides during the past week , the governor stepped to a lectern in a crowded room near the Capitol and said she would sign SB 1070 into law .
" This bill strengthens the laws of our state , protects all of us , every Arizona citizen , " she said .
" It does so while ensuring that the constitutional rights of all remain solid , stable . "
Brewer said that she listened patiently to supporters and opponents and that , although " many people disagree , I firmly believe it represents what 's best for Arizona . "
She criticized the federal government for a lack of action to secure the border , and she said her signature provided " security within our borders . "
" We cannot sacrifice our safety to the murderous greed of drug cartels , " Brewer said .
" We can not stand idly by as drophouses , kidnappings and violence compromise our quality of life . "
Brewer insisted that protections built into the bill and training she has requested from the Arizona Peace Officer Standards and Training Board will protect citizens against discrimination based on race or color .
Yet law enforcement has been split over the bill , with many rank - and - file officer groups supporting it and the police chiefs association opposing it .
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio is among the supporters who believe it will give officers more tools to detain illegal immigrants .
Critics suggest the law opens the door for police to make unreasonable stops based on skin color or a lack of English fluency if there 's probable cause to believe someone is in America illegally .
" We 've got some very serious crime problems out there , and this bill does not address them .
It does not give us tools to go after criminals that are part of the cartels , " said Attorney General Terry Goddard , a Democrat who is running for governor .
The faith community also weighed in , with clergy criticizing the law and calling for calm .
Inside a chapel at Queen of Peace in Mesa , a congregation gathered for a monthly healing Mass .
Father Charlie Goraieb comforted his congregation , saying in Spanish , " It 's going to be all right . "
His parish is 60 percent Latino .
" It 's a terrible situation and a reflection of fear and overreaction and total loss of perspective and how we are as a people and as a nation , " he said before Mass .
Josefina Martinez , 56 , of Phoenix , said , " I lived here for 25 years .
I never had to deal with this .
It 's not fair . "
Earlier in the day , Rabbi Maynard Bell , the Arizona office of the American Jewish Committee 's area director , said the law makes a laughingstock of the state and does nothing to make the border with Mexico more secure .
" It 's going to cost the state economically .
It 's going to tarnish the state 's image .
It 's a lamentable day for Arizona , " Bell said .
" I do n't think it will stand up to legal tests . "
Legal fights
Just after Brewer signed the bill , opponents promised legal and economic fights .
Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon said he will ask the City Council on Tuesday to consider suing the state on grounds the new immigration law is unconstitutional and unenforceable .
The American Civil Liberties Union and the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , a civil - rights group , promised to fight implementation of the law by challenging its constitutionality .
But the ACLU said the timing and strategy have to be worked out .
" We are definitely planning on filing a lawsuit , " said Alessandra Soler Meetze , the group 's Arizona executive director .
" This is a direct attempt by Arizona to regulate immigration laws .
And it 's forbidden by the federal government . "
Bill opponent Rep. Kyrsten Sinema , D - Phoenix , said that the legislation violates the rights of all Arizonans and that a legal team will seek an injunction to keep the law from being implemented .
Gutierrez said he will lead efforts for economic sanctions against Arizona .
He declined to disclose details , but one proposed sanction would include boycotts by out - of - state tourists .
Capitol protests
At the Capitol , demonstrators exchanged catcalls after Brewer 's announcement , and roughly 80 police officers from the Capitol Police , the state Department of Public Safety and the Phoenix Police Department worked to maintain order .
There were at least two breakouts of unruly behavior .
One occurred when a white - haired man with a beard agitated demonstrators opposing the bill .
Police tried to calm the crowd as it closed around the man , who was escorted away .
Dozens of demonstrators ran into the streets , and police formed a long human barrier on West Jefferson Street just south of the Capitol complex .
Amid shouting and chanting all day , police made sure the sides were separated .
Supporters of the bill stayed in the courtyard between the House and Senate buildings , guarded by police and roped off with police tape .
Supporter Terry Irish of Chandler was elated when Brewer announced her decision .
" This thing would n't be happening if they had sealed our borders , " Irish said .
Those leading the rally urged protesters to follow the example of civil - rights leader Cesar Chavez , who in 1972 led the unionization of farmworkers in direct opposition to Arizona law .
They also urged peaceful opposition , and despite several flare - ups , no serious injuries were reported .
In southern Arizona , however , U.S. Rep. Ra�l Grijalva , who opposed the law , closed his offices at noon after receiving multiple threats .
Arizona has about 460,000 undocumented immigrants , according to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security .
Currently , immigration offenses are violations of federal law , something most local law - enforcement agencies cannot enforce .
Pearce , the Mesa Republican , has been working with groups across the state and nation for years to craft legislation that would toughen enforcement .
Republic reporters Scott Wong , Sadie Jo Smokey , Casey Newton , Mary Jo Pitzl and Angelique Soenarie contributed to this article .
API changes to provide a more coherent behavior .
Redis 2.0 can break a few corner cases at least , being it a major release , and it 's time to fix some old bug .
Optimizations : we want to go faster , consuming less memory , before 2.0 will be released , at least when this is possible adding little code or changing modular code that is isolated from the system ( for instance dict . c , the hash table implementation , is one of this components that is being modified in this stage ) .
Fixes , obviously .
Pattern matching Pub / Sub
PSUBSCRIBE pattern1 patter n2 ... patternN
PUNSUBSCRIBE pattern1 patter n2 ... patternN
Hashes , new things
Non blocking Tcl client
VM hacking
Shared objects feature killed , but a better one added
Consistent replies for commands returning multiple elements
If an operation targeting an aggregate data type ( list , set , zset , hash ) is performed against a non existing key , the behavior should be exactly the one obtained running the operation against an empty aggregate value of the same type .
So for instance LLEN returns 0 if called against a non existing key , because we consider it holding an empty list .
Non blocking rehashing
Use a different data structure like a balanced tree or a skip list .
But this will turn lookup into O ( log ( N ) ) , and will make some operation like getting a random element harder to perform .
Also this is going to use some more memory .
Use a mix between hash tables and trees , that is , a tree of hash tables .
So you have many small hash tables and the rehash time is always little .
But note that even with a table of just one million elements the rehashing takes several milliseconds , in some environment where Redis is used as a " mostly real - time " component this can be already too much .
Perform a non-blocking , incremental rehashing , using two hash tables .
So you have one hash table ( the old one ) where you perform the lookups ( and on misses you also try to lookup in the second hash table ) , but all the new keys are stored in the second table .
Welcome back to the Redis weekly update , we skipped one week as now that we are in feature freeze the news are a bit slower , even if ... actually in this two weeks we managed to accumulate an interesting Changelog .
While the development of new features stopped the 1th April , we are still not into a very static stage , and the following kind of changes are the new focus : Just before the feature freeze started I got a chance to add pattern matching to Pub / Sub .
So now it 's possible to listen to a channel named , for instance , " news.italy . " is a valid key , and with the new protocol every binary string is a valid key .
So if I want to subscribe to just " * " verbatim , I should be able to do so .
For this reasons two new commands were added to Redis , in order to subscribe and unsubscribe to patterns :
This commands are yet not documented , but the semantic is exactly the same as SUBSCRIBE / UNSUBSCRIBE ( non pattern matching variants ) .
The feature freeze was entered with the promise to the users to add a few planned hash commands before 2.0 release , so thanks to Pieter Noordhuis we have now HMSET that is able to atomically set multiple fields of an hash with little latency and HINCRBY that is just INCRBY but against hash table fields .
Other two commands are planned : HMGET and HSETNX , and we 'll call the hashes feature complete , apart for a detail , that SORT is still not supporting BY / GET options targeting fields of hash tables , but that 's in the pre-2.0 TODO list as well .
Also I and Pieter in one of our IRC design sessions managed to design a defragmentation strategy for hash tables that is both simple and works well .
He promptly implemented our design in zipmap .c that is nowthan before ( because after considering many options we decided to either leave a bit of trailing space for future values or go ahead and defragment asap if the " hole " left is too big ) .
Finally I found some time to write a non blocking Tcl - client ( using the Tcl built - in event driven programming framework ) , so it will be possible to test for Pub / Sub stuff and BLPOP in test- redis.tcl .
Also some work was done in the VM subsystem in order to fix a race condition happening when multiple databases were used with keys having the same name swapped at the same time .
Again this changes are a result of an hacking session together with Pieter Noordhuis ( yes , he rocks ) .
Do you remember thestuff in redis.conf that was off by default ?
Well this implementation of object sharing was not working very well .
Redis normally shares objects when that 's possible , buttried to do a bit more than that , taking a pool with frequently used objects to share .
Unfortunately it required a too big sharing pool size or a too strong bias towards a minority of common strings in the dataset in order to work well .
So I removed that and instead added a much simpler but much better stuff : now strings that look like integers in the range 0-9999 are always shared !
If you have many small counters , or in general many numbers in this range , this will be a huge win memory - wise .
To enlarge the rage there is just to change a define .
I 'll try to push forward this kind of features when possible , compatibly with the fact that we are in freeze so this changes are only possible only when it 's possible to be 99.999 % sure the code is sane and will not lead to new bugs .
The old behavior of commands returning more than one element ( a multi bulk reply in Redis slang ) was to return a nil element when called against non existing keys ( translated as nil , NULL , Null , or whatever is the null object in a given language ) , but this is wrong as there is a rule in the way Redis commands behave :
Since Redis also removes keys belonging to aggregate data types if the result of an operation is an empty list , set , sorted set , or hash , then this behavior is completely consistent .
You do n't have to care about creating empty values before issuing operations .
You do n't have to care about the cleanup of empty values .
So in order to be consistent with this behavior now operations like LRANGE mykey 0 - 1 performed against non existing keys will return an empty list .
All the operations are now ported to the new semantics , including ZRANGE , ZREVRANGE , and so forth .
Apparently Redis is being experimented in some very large environment !
One of our users is performing tests against four 160 GB instances ... and guess what ?
Rehashing when you have 200,000,000 keys can take 47 seconds ...
As you may already know the Redis key space is stored into a data structure called an " hash table " .
The hash table naive implementation ( 99 % of the implementations are naive in this regard ) will block when rehashing is needed , that is , the table has already too many elements compared to the number of buckets available , so a bigger table is created and all the keys moved from the old the new table .
This is a blocking operation , and if there are millions of keys this is going to be .
How to fix this ?
There are many approaches :
After talking with a few skilled guys at VMWare ( a special thanks to Derek Collison for showing me how the incremental rehashing was a sound design ) I started to like the latter approach more and more .
Derek suggested migrating the hash table from the first to the second table incrementally just using a small amount of CPU time ( for instance 1 millisecond ) from time to time .
I combined the idea with a trick of performing a single key migration at every hash table lookup ( so you are guaranteed that if the old hash table contains N keys , after N operations the whole hash table is rehashed ) .
The only left problem was how to to pick a random element out of the two hash tables .
Redis really need this operation for a number of reasons ( for instance the RANDOMKEY command ) , and with a good distribution .
In order to get a random element from an hash table , the only reasonable approach for a good distribution regardless of the quality of the hash function is sampling random buckets until a non empty bucket si found .
If the hash table uses chaining , then , if the bucket has M elements , select a random number between 0 and M - 1 and jump at that bucket .
How to run this algorithm when you have two tables ?
Well it 's very simple , you have an hash table with N1 buckets and one with N2 buckets , just select a random number between 0 and ( N1+N2 ) - 1 , and perform the sampling as if it were a unique table .
So now I 'm working exactly at this problem , trying to bring a non blocking experience asap , stay tuned !
More updates on twitter as usually .
It is a scene that you would least likely expect to see in a supermarket .
But it happened .
When grocery shopping or just picking up a couple of things from the store , the mission is usually to just go in and out .
People buy what they need and then they are on their way .
However , what happens when someone violates an unspoken agreement that we all live by , but never really talk about ?
How do the violated react ?
That unspoken agreement is not violating the boundaries of .
According to Julius Fast , author of the groundbreaking classic , " , " ( revised in 2002 ) a person who violates personal space sends the signal , " You are a non-person , and therefore I can move in on you .
You do not matter . "
Fast also wrote at length about the work of psychologist Robert Sommers who is given credit for coining the term " personal space . "
Sommers pioneered research in exploring the ways people interact in personal spaces and consequently how they respond to invasions of space .
People respond to these transgressions of personal space in different ways .
Some withdraw inwardly , some physically retreat and others respond with .
What I witnessed in a suburban Publix was the latter .
It was a Saturday morning , a rather busy time for shoppers and I was third in the checkout line .
The lady in the front of our queue had taken her items out of her basket and placed them on the ' conveyor belt . '
However , apparently she had not arranged her items in a manner suitable to the man behind her because she left space between her bag of chicken breasts and bread , etc .
So the man behind her grabbed her bag of chicken , picked it up and placed it on top of her bread and eggs .
He then proceeded to place his items on the conveyor belt .
Chaos erupted .
" Do n't touch my stuff ! "
The lady shouted .
" Okay .
Okay . "
The man yelled in turn .
Unsatisfied , the woman continued and pointed her finger in the man 's face .
She said , " I placed it there for a reason !
Thank You ! "
While she said this she moved her bag of chicken breasts back to its original place .
" Your welcome ! "
The man replied sarcastically .
Everything had stopped for a moment or two in the store as everyone watched the scene unfold .
As it appeared to be over , people returned to what they were doing as if nothing ever happened .
But something did happen and it lays at the foundation of how we interact and communicate with each other .
We adhere to unwritten rules of personal distance in order to maintain our perceptions of safety and to protect ourselves .
After recognizing our own needs it is also useful to be aware of the needs of others as this man clearly violated hers .
Even though her response may be viewed as extreme we also have to be cognizant that we are n't in controls of others responses to intrusions of their space .
Extra
Personal Space laws apply in the online world too .
Here is a link to a video that demonstrates what happens when a person violates personal space in the simulated world , Second Life : http://www.npr.org/blogs/bryantpark/2007/05/dont_stand_so_close_to_me.html
Bakari Akil II , Ph.D. is the author of Super You !
101 Ways to Maximize your Potential !
You can also check out his page on Twitter .
Canonical has announced the official release of Ubuntu 10.04 , codenamed Lucid Lynx .
After six months of development , the stealthy cat has emerged from the jungle and is ready to leap onto users ' desktops .
The new version of the popular Linux distribution delivers a visual refresh , updated software , and a number of noteworthy new features .
Ubuntu 10.04 is a long - term support ( LTS ) release , which means that its users will receive package updates for an extended period of time .
Typical Ubuntu versions get 18 months of updates , but LTS releases are supported for three years on desktop computers and five years on servers .
Another significant characteristic of LTS releases is that they are built with a stronger emphasis on stability .
Instead of loading in a pile of experimental new features , the developers focus on quality control and aim to make the software more reliable .
Due to the extended support cycle and higher standard of robustness , LTS releases tend to be more appealing to business users and hardware makers .
Although the focus on stability means that Lucid 's roster of new features is shorter than usual , it still brings some impressive enhancements .
One of the most noticeable changes is a completely new theme that radically departs from the distro's previous signature style .
The fancy feline has shed Ubuntu 's traditional brown coat and is sporting a sleek new look with an updated color palette .
The new theme , called Ambience , has black trim , orange highlights , and an aubergine wallpaper .
The visual redesign is part of a broader branding overhaul that will help to modernize Ubuntu 's image .
Ubuntu 10.04 introduces several usability improvements and heightened consistency thanks to ongoing efforts like the Ayatana project and the 100 Papercuts initiative .
Ubuntu developers have transformed the panel notification area into a combined grouping of embedded menus , called application indicators , which have more consistent behavior and appearance .
This will help reduce panel clutter and make long - running applications easier to manage .
Previous panel simplification efforts , such as the messaging indicator menu that was added in Ubuntu 9.10 , have received additional improvements in this release .
Another major panel improvement in Lucid is social networking integration , which was introduced as part of Ubuntu 's Social From The Start initiative .
This feature is powered by Gwibber , my own open source microblogging client .
I created Gwibber in 2007 and have spent much of my free time developing the application over the past few years .
It 's gratifying to see it become a part of the Ubuntu desktop stack .
Gwibber is n't the only new application that was added in Ubuntu 10.04 .
Another very significant addition is PiTiVi , a video editing tool that is built on the GStreamer multimedia framework .
PiTiVi is easy to use and wo n't intimidate inexperienced users .
Canonical has continued its efforts to enhance Ubuntu One , a commercial cloud synchronization service that is integrated with the Ubuntu desktop .
Some key additions in Lucid include preliminary support for mobile synchronization and a new music store that is integrated with Rythmbox .
True to the LTS label , Lucid seems relatively robust .
Although I did n't encounter any major problems with it myself during the beta cycle , there were a handful of major issues that got resolved at the last minute .
The developers did a respin of the ISO after identifying a glitch in the boot menu configuration .
Users who require ironclad stability should wait until remaining kinks have been ironed out before upgrading .
Ubuntu 10.04 is available for download from the Ubuntu website .
For additional details , you can refer to the official release notes .
Keep an eye out for our comprehensive review .
White supremacist ' stabbed and beaten to death by his black neighbour ' in Mississippi town
A white supremacist lawyer was stabbed and beaten to death by a black neighbour who had done yard work for him at his home in Pearl , Mississippi .
A preliminary post mortem showed Richard Barrett , 67 , was stabbed multiple times in the neck and bashed in the head , Sheriff Ronnie Pennington said .
He had burns over 35 per cent of his body , though investigators believe he was killed on Wednesday night and his house set on fire Thursday to cover up his death .
Pennington did not disclose a motive but said neighbour Vincent McGee , 22 , was charged with murder on Thursday and deputies charged three other people in the case on Friday .
White supremacist Richard Barrett was found stabbed and beaten to death in his burning house in the town of Pearl , Mississippi .
Right , Vincent McGee , 22 , has been charged with the lawyer 's murder
Albert Lewis , McGee 's stepfather , was charged with being an accessory after the fact , while Vicky and Michael Dent , who live nearby , are charged with being accessories after the fact and arson .
Pennington did not describe their involvement but said all three were being held at the county jail .
He did not know if they had attorneys .
Barrett traveled the country to promote anti-black and anti-immigrant views and founded a supremacist group called the Nationalist Movement .
He had a knack for publicity but little real influence , one expert said .
' Richard Barrett was a guy who ran around the country essentially pulling off publicity stunts , ' said Mark Potok , who monitors hate groups for the Alabama - based Southern Poverty Law Center .
' He really never amounted to any kind of leader in the white supremacist movement . '
His body was found on Thursday morning after neighbours saw smoke coming from his house in a rural area of Jackson .
The sheriff said McGee had not yet hired a lawyer and the suspect 's mother had no comment when she went to the jail where her son was being held .
Police tape marks off the home of Richard Barrett , a white supremacist lawyer who was found stabbed to death in his burning house
McGee was released from state prison in February after serving five years of a six - year sentence for simple assault on a police officer and grand larceny .
Barrett , a New York City native and Vietnam War veteran , moved to Mississippi in 1966 , just before he founded the Nationalist Movement .
He ran it from an office in the small rural town of Learned , about 20 miles southwest of Jackson , where he also ran a school for skinheads .
Barrett attracted about 50 supporters to a 2008 rally protesting the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday in the Louisiana town of Jena , where six black teenagers were charged with beating a white classmate .
Years earlier , he sued over a ban on Confederate flags at University of Mississippi football games .
Rankin County Sheriff Ronnie Pennington , left , calls out to one of his investigators as they gather to speak to Albert Lewis , second from left , the stepfather of Vincent McGee
His modest , one - story brick home with white columns and shutters sits off a winding rural road .
Yellow police tape was stretched across the yard and investigators worked on the scene late into the day .
Residents described the neighborhood as quiet and safe .
Henderson Craig , who lives a few houses down , said Barrett mainly kept to himself though he was often seen riding his bicycle .
In 1994 , he spearheaded an unsuccessful movement to get then - Gov. Kirk Fordice to pardon Byron de la Beckwith , who was convicted of murdering Mississippi NAACP leader Medgar Evers in 1963 .
Evers ' brother , Charles Evers , said Thursday he has long thought that Barrett did n't really believe the things he said , but used them to entice people to donate money to his cause .
' I think it was just a way he had to live , ' Evers said .
' He made a living talking all that racist talk . '
The survey also revealed rudimentary experiments with contraception , and the women 's fears of unplanned pregnancies .
One wrote : " I most heartily wish there were no accidental conceptions .
I believe the world would take a most gigantic stride toward high ethical conditions , if every child brought into the world were the product of pure love and conscious choice . "
In the last few weeks , I have found myself debating on radio and TV programs whether various financial instruments have any social utility — any " real world " purpose other than " speculation or gambling . "
( Disclosure : I give professional advice to a number of financial organizations . )
My first instinct was to defend various derivatives as serving useful purposes : to hedge against various risks — such as currency fluctuation or aviation - fuel price rises , and to promote innovation , competition , efficiency , and liquidity ( paraphrasing Lawrence H. Summers , Alan Greenspan , Arthur Levitt , and William J. Rainer from a 1999 Clinton administration report ) .
I pointed out that creating a venue to which community banks could sell their mortgages freed up their capital to make more home loans , thus creating more homeowners .
That is why Franklin D. Roosevelt set up Fannie Mae in 1938 .
Secondary markets tend to enlarge the primary market .
This is good .
Short - selling , which is now being attacked as immoral , can be well defended in the words of Dean Baker , writing at the American Prospect : " Short - selling can play a very important role in the market .
If informed investors recognize that a stock is overvalued , they perform a valuable service by selling it short and pushing down its stock price .
This can both deprive the company of capital and be a signal to other actors in the market that the company might not be as healthy as is generally believed .
" The economy would have benefited enormously if large numbers of traders had shorted Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac four years ago when they were buying up hundreds of billions of mortgages issued to buyers who bought homes at bubble - inflated prices .
This would have stopped the bubble years ago .
Similarly , we could have prevented the financial chaos at Merrill Lynch , Citigroup , Bear Stearns , and the rest , if traders had recognized their financial shenanigans and aggressively shorted their stock .
In the same vein , heavy shorting by informed investors could have prevented the boom and bust of the tech bubble . "
One could go on making rational arguments to irrational people .
But the very idea of being asked to defend freely entered transactions on the grounds of " social utility " is socialist - Marxist bunk .
What in the world is " social utility " ?
And who gets to say so ?
Why is making a profit as an athlete or a politician better than making a profit as a banker or insurance salesman ?
As Ayn Rand explained so long ago : " When the ' common good ' ( i.e. , social utility ) of a society is regarded as something apart from and superior to the individual good of its members , it means that the good of some men takes precedence over the good of others , with those others consigned to the status of sacrificial animals .
It is tacitly assumed , in such cases , that ' the common good ' means the good of the majority as against the minority or individual . "
It seems unfathomable that after a century of constant failure by every " social utility - minded " government on the planet , that today in 2010 , the American government must be re-educated to that history of failure .
Yet , we have heard recently from Democrats in Washington that Wall Street makes too much money and is too big a share of the American economy .
Compared to what ?
The financial juggernauts of Libya , Romania , or the Congo ?
Or for that matter France , Russia , or Spain .
Or for that matter Japan , Saudi Arabia , or China ( yes , China with its fraudulent banks and corrupt , finagling government ) .
Well , one of the reasons our economy continues to amount to 25 percent of all human economic activity on this planet ( although our population is less than 5 percent ) is because a free , risk - taking , innovative Wall Street has been the financial capital of the world .
Yes , we have busts from time to time .
But our booms have outdone our busts .
That 's why we have been the leading economy on earth for over a hundred years .
But now the current majority in Congress and the White House ( and their fellow thinkers in the media ) seem to be possessed of cobwebbed , left - wing social utility theorems compounded by mental devolution to the historic idiocies and bigotries that our ancestors in the Old World — in their ignorance — imputed to money lenders , bankers , the Bavarian Illuminati , the House of Rothschild , etc .
Shakespeare 's moving , but anti-Semitic " The Merchant of Venice " seemed to make a re-appearance in The Washington Post 's lead Sunday story headlined : " Cheers at Goldman as housing market fell ; executives reveled in bets made against the market . "
" Take then thy bond , take thou thy pound of flesh ;
But , in the cutting it , if thou dost shed
One drop of Christian blood , thy lands and goods
Are by the laws of Venice confiscate
Unto the state of Venice . "
— Portia , " Merchant of Venice , " Act IV , scene 1 .
The flagrant Securities and Exchange Commission charge of civil fraud against Goldman Sachs last week , followed by Congress ' release of embarrassing interoffice Goldman Sachs e-mails on Sunday , are obviously intended to set a moral tone for the final stage of the financial re-regulation bill currently before the Senate .
It would seem that statism , historical amnesia , economic ignorance , and bigotry are the mental and moral dispositions that will be shaping the passage of our financial re-regulations bill in the Senate this week .
The current , ill - fated 111th Congress continues to blunder its way into our history books along with the dreadful 94th ( cut off money to South Vietnam in 1975 , lost the war and triggered the Cambodian genocide ) ; 71st ( 1929 - 1930 , passed the Smoot - Hawley Act , which led to the Great Depression ) ; 63rd ( 1913 - 14 , passed the 16th Amendment — income tax ; the 17th Amendment — direct election of the Senate ; and creation of the Federal Reserve , which led to weakening of the states , encroachment of the federal government ) ; and 33rd ( 1854 - 55 , passed the Kansas - Nebraska Act , which quickened steps to the Civil War ) .
A couple of more destructive laws enacted and the 111th will be No. 1 .
Tony Blankley is executive vice president of Edelman public relations in Washington .
E-mail him at TonyBlankley@gmail.com .
© Creators Syndicate Inc .
' Shaking Our State of Law to Its Very Foundations ' Israeli Law Enforcement Cracks Down on Alleged Political Corruption
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert could be sent to prison if he is convicted in a high - profile corruption trial .
Despite anti-corruption laws that are tougher than those in some European countries , Israel has been shaken by scandals recently .
Are politicians more corrupt in Israel than elsewhere in the world ?
Audio
The issue of overpopulation is said to be a disaster in slow motion for our global environment .
On this Earth Day , we 'll take a different approach to this complex problem .
The answer may lie in empowering women to take control of their lives and their bodies .
We 'll hear from the author of the new book , " The Means of Reproduction : Sex , Power and the Future of the World . "
MAUREEN CAVANAUGH
( Host ) : I'm Maureen Cavanaugh , and you 're listening to These Days on KPBS .
Today is the 40th annual observance of Earth Day , and every Earth Day people talk a lot about things like alternative energy , the effects of climate change and efforts to clean up the air and the oceans .
But one huge environmental problem that 's seldom ever mentioned is overpopulation .
The skyrocketing global population is putting a huge amount of stress on our planet , with no relief in sight .
And , ironically , the answer to the problem could be quite simple : allowing women education , opportunity and a chance to control their own reproduction .
As it turns out , patriarchy is bad for the environment .
I 'd like to introduce Michelle Goldberg , investigative journalist , former senior writer at Salon.com and author of the new book , “ The Means of Reproduction : Sex , Power and the Future of the World . ” Michelle , welcome to These Days .
MICHELLE GOLDBERG ( Author ) : Hi .
Thanks for having me .
CAVANAUGH : We ’d like to invite our listeners to join the conversation .
Do you think the issue of overpopulation should be talked about as an environmental concern ?
How do you think women ’s rights factor into the global environment ?
Give us a call with your questions and your comments .
Our number is 1-888-895-5727 , that ’s 1-888-895-KPBS .
Michelle , the idea of controlling population has a long and somewhat unsavory history from the 1960s and ‘ 70s .
Tell us about the methods various nations used and where they went wrong .
GOLDBERG : Well , basically in the – starting in the 1950s and then going into the ‘ 60s and ‘ 70s , there was a huge amount of concern and maybe even hysteria about overpopulation .
I mean , people were predicting mass starvation , huge die - offs , Malthusian disasters .
It was , you know , kind of very mainstream to think that the world was heading toward some kind of apocalypse .
And , in fact , a lot of cold warriors believed that overpopulation was going to cause so much misery in the developing world that it was going to lead to communist revolution , which is why there was , at one point , a huge amount of kind of bipartisan establishment support for programs to bring contraception to the developing world .
You know , one of the things that I find so interesting about this history is that there was a congressman from Texas who was so passionate about family planning , so devoted to it that they used to nick – that they nicknamed him , excuse me , that they nicknamed him ‘ Rubbers , ’ and this is George H.W. Bush .
CAVANAUGH : Huh .
GOLDBERG : So , you know , Harry Truman and Dwight Eisenhower were co-chairmen of Planned Parenthood .
But the problem with this , not only did it overstate the – you know , not only did it overstate the problems , these disasters did n’t come to pass .
Part of the reason they did n’t come to pass is because there was all of this action to prevent them , not just in terms of family planning but also in terms of , you know , expanded agricultural production , and the green revolution in India .
That said , the problems were still kind of overstated .
When they did n’t come to pass , everybody said , oh , overpopulation , there ’s no such thing as overpopulation .
And – but probably – but more importantly is that when you treat women as kind of a means to a preferred demographic destiny , when you act as if what ’s really important is kind of raw numbers as opposed to women ’s lives , that invites all sorts of abuses .
The most egregious abuses , the United States was n’t really involved in .
That was India during the emergency when they had , during the 1970s , when there was these , you know , mass forced vasectomy camps , you know , people being sterilized by the thousands against their will .
And then after that , China with the one child policy and all of the abuses that ’s entailed .
Where the United States is involved in this is in lesser abuses but still instances that are kind of borderline coercive , you know , offering a poor family a free transistor radio or a new sari or some other kind of incentive if you would undergo sterilization , or pushing kind of nonreversible methods of contraception that took , you know , the power out of women ’s own hands .
CAVANAUGH : Right .
Was there any effort in giving women more power in reproductive decision making ?
Did that factor into any of these grand ideas to curb overpopulation ?
GOLDBERG : No , for a long time it did n’t .
And then what happened was there was a group of women who kind of came of age within these big population organizations .
You know , it kind of – there was this huge infrastructure of think tanks , of government agencies , there was the population office at USAID , there was an office within the United Nations .
And women who kind of came up through these organizations realized that the men in charge , some of whom were very well meaning , just were n’t paying a lot of attention to the realities of women ’s lives and to what their needs were and to the fact that their needs – that they had needs that was n’t – I mean , that family planning was important but it was n’t the only aspect of women ’s kind of reproductive health needs .
And so they really tried to take these organizations over from within and change the paradigm to one that was not about stopping overpopulation but about addressing women ’s fundamental rights to control their own bodies , kind of to addressing the dehumanization of women and , you know , the maternal health crisis and the crisis of women ’s health all around the world .
And what they understood and what ’s really well understood today is that if you do all those things , you know , women do n’t want to be having eight children that they ca n’t take care of .
Women do n’t want to be pregnant every 10 months or every 18 months .
You take care of kind of women ’s fundamental needs and these other second order problems really have a way of resolving themselves .
CAVANAUGH : I ’m speaking with Michelle Goldberg and she is the author of the new book , “ The Means of Reproduction : Sex , Power and the Future of the World . ”
And we ’re taking your phone calls at 1-888-895-5727 .
Let ’s take a call now .
Patricia is calling us from San Diego .
Patricia , welcome to These Days .
PATRICIA ( Caller , San Diego ) : Hi .
CAVANAUGH : Hi .
PATRICIA : How are you doing ?
CAVANAUGH : Great , thank you .
PATRICIA : Yes , I just wanted to comment .
We were just talking about the same subject in my English class and my teacher quoted Isaac Asimov , a well known author , as saying that if women do n’t see childbirth as a means of gaining their self esteem then that will curb the overpopulation problem .
And I just think that ’s a really true thing that just kind of rang true to me .
CAVANAUGH : Well , thank you .
Thank you so much for this phone call .
And I want to add to that , if I may , because I know that you make the case in the book that we actually do have a pretty good idea of what actually does stabilize population growth .
GOLDBERG : Right , and the other thing I should add is that there ’s something a little bit tricky about talking about overpopulation and the connection between overpopulation and environmental destruction because although there are – there certainly are connections , it ’s important to realize that , you know , global warming is not being caused by poor people in the third world , as by , you know , overpopulation in the third world as much as it ’s being caused by overconsumption in the first world .
And so , you know , we ca n’t simply say to people in poor countries you need to stop having so many children so that , you know , you can kind of turn back the clock on all of these environmental catastrophes that we ’ve really set in motion .
That said , rapidly expanding populations in poor countries are putting so much strain on resources that are already being taxed by the effects of environmental catastrophes .
You know , we ’re already seeing water shortages , we ’re seeing all kinds of problems with weather patterns and resulting , you know , problems with the harvests and with agriculture and food shortages and food riots , and actually some of the disasters that were predicted by the Malthusians in the sixties and seventies .
And the kind of rapid , unsustainable growth in population is making it harder to deal with those disasters .
But you ’re right .
We know how to deal with these problems .
And , you know , the problems of , you know , very high population growth rates are also intimately related to problems in , you know , in women ’s health .
The reason that maternal mortality , for example , remains so high even though real progress is being made on it , is that women who are – or , girls really , who are married off at 12 or 13 who start their childbearing very early on and have no say about it are , you know , having children before their bodies are really able to accommodate childbirth are having their children spaced very close together and do n’t have time to recover in between these births .
And it just – that ’s the reason that you have so many of these other , you know , health disasters that afflict women in the developing world .
CAVANAUGH : In your book , Michelle , “ The Means of Reproduction , ” you outline some of the ways that women around the world , even today , have virtually no control over sex or childbearing .
I think you just gave us an example where women , or actually girls , who are – become pregnant and then have one child after another after another , give us some more examples of how , you know , perhaps it would be surprising for people in the western world to realize that , you know , women do n’t have certain rights to control their own reproduction .
GOLDBERG : Well , you know , one of the things that was so frustrating during the Bush years about the emphasis on abstinence only to fight HIV was the fact that not only in many countries where HIV is really a pandemic , marriage is actually a major risk factor for women getting infected with HIV .
I mean , telling a woman who is either married – either pulled out of school and married off by her parents or in some cases — and this is quite common in many developing countries — kind of marriage by kidnapping or marriage by rape where basically , you know , a man kind of rapes a woman and then restores her honor by marrying her or else makes her unmarriageable , you know , which kind of forces her into his arms .
I mean , I remember interviewing a woman in Uganda who had been , you know , she was living with a man who had , you know , raped her when she was very young and , you know , she was then driven out of her parents ’ house and ended up basically becoming his kind of common law wife .
She told me , you know , she had , I think , she was raising 8 child – or she was raising 10 children at the time that I met her , although some of them were orphans , were orphans after her sister died of HIV AIDS .
She did n’t – she ’d never heard of family planning .
She certainly had no access to it .
She had no right – she had no legal right , actually , to refuse sex .
Not long ago , there was an effort to make marital rape illegal in Uganda and there was a huge uproar and a male legislator actually said something like the most violent thing a spouse can do is refuse sex to her husband .
And they were unable to do this , you know , they were unable to make this illegal .
So , you know , refusing to submit to sex with your HIV positive spouse is just not an option .
So she was , you know , she gave birth to one child after another .
Not until very late in her life , I think it was only her last two pregnancies , did she even know about medication that you can take to prevent mother - to - child transmission .
You know , now she ’s alone in the world , taking care of 10 children in her own declining health .
And this is really a political catastrophe as much as it is a medical catastrophe .
CAVANAUGH : I ’m speaking with Michelle Goldberg about her new book , “ The Means of Reproduction . ”
Taking your calls at 1-888-895-5727 .
Victoria ’s calling us from Pacific Beach .
And good morning , Victoria , welcome to These Days .
VICTORIA ( Caller , Pacific Beach ) : Good morning .
Thanks for taking my call .
I guess in face of the bigger – the very big topic that your guest is talking about maybe my call is a little less important but I just wanted to maybe put out there my frustration as to our baby culture .
And as a 30 - year - old woman who has been married for five years with my partner , I ’ve been with him for 10 years , and the pressure that I feel from all kinds of sources , from family to friends to , you know , our tax guy , who asked us just now when we are going to have a kid because we ’re getting old , it just really feels so frustrating and I think that it – A problem is a lot of women do fall , you know , succumb to this pressure and I guess that does n’t help at all the situation .
Regardless of how much education we have and how much access to birth control we have , you know , if we have this societal pressure to have kids , a lot of us wind up having kids when we ’re not so prepared to .
CAVANAUGH : Well , thank you for your phone call , Victoria .
And I know you ’re not making the case in this book that everything ’s just hunky - dory in the United States and in Western Europe as well .
GOLDBERG : No , it ’s not , although the situation here is actually a – is quite a bit more complicated and particularly in Western Europe , it ’s quite a bit more complicated .
Now I would certainly never argue that somebody should n’t have children because of its environmental impacts .
I mean , what I ’m arguing is that when you kind of give women the support that they need , you know , social and economic , to make the choices that are right for them , a lot of other things fall into place and that includes both having children and not having children .
I mean , something that you see in Western Europe , or not just Western Europe , something that you see throughout Europe , is rapidly declining birthrates , declining so quickly that it ’s going to create some economic difficulties for some of these countries .
You ’re going to have very small numbers of working adults supporting a kind of massively growing number of retirees and it , you know , calls some of the foundations of the welfare state into question .
And you might think , you know , what does that have to do with overpopulation or with , you know , the denial of contraception and denial of safe abortion in the developing world and the answer is , is that you find in many countries , and particularly in very conservative or formerly conservative Catholic countries or countries that are still kind of predominantly socially conservative like Poland , like Spain , like Italy , these are the countries that have very , very low birthrates , you know , 1.3 children per couple , 1.4 children per couple , have birthrates actually lower than what women are saying they want .
And the reason is , is because these countries are not providing women the kind of support that they need to combine work and family , which is something that not all women but something that many women , and I would say maybe most women , aspire to do .
So the countries that are n’t have – that have kind of much more stable ratios , the countries that are n’t going to face this crisis of declining workforces are countries like Sweden , you know , France , Norway , Demark .
Countries that , again , make women ’s choices possible find themselves in a state of equilibrium .
And , to me , this is so fascinating and also kind of heartening , you know , that it turns out that women ’s rights and supporting women ’s choices is the answer to overpopulation and to underpopulation , to put it very simply .
It ’s the answer to population rates that are growing too quickly to sustain and to population rates that are shrinking in an unsustainable way .
CAVANAUGH : Population stabilization is …
GOLDBERG : Right .
CAVANAUGH : … what you ’re talking about , yeah .
GOLDBERG : I think that when you take care of – Again , when you take care of women and when you give them the choices that they need , a lot of other things fall into place .
CAVANAUGH : One of the points that you make in the book is that even though the idea of women not having the power that they need to control their bodies , to get education , to get opportunity to make reproductive decisions , is so endemic in so many cultures around the world it still seems like an afterthought in much of our foreign policy , and why is that ?
GOLDBERG : Well , I think because people think that the main issues of foreign policy are , you know , the big , serious things like war and peace and poverty and development , and women ’s issues are always treated as this kind of trivial adjunct , you know , at least kind of lifestyle issues , as these kind of soft issues .
And what I think is increasingly becoming clear , you know , not just to me but to , say , you know , the CIA or to the Secretary of State , you know , Hillary Clinton is someone who understands this very , very well , is that women ’s rights are actually –
You ’re not going to make any progress on stability , you ’re not going to make any progress on economic development if you do n’t take women ’s rights seriously .
You know , the wholesale devaluation of women is at the root of so many of these other problems that trouble , you know , both our consciences and our national security .
CAVANAUGH : Let ’s take another call .
We are taking your calls at 1-888-895-5727 .
Prima is calling from La Jolla , and , Prima , welcome to These Days .
PRIMA ( Caller , La Jolla ) : Hi .
I was really impressed with the author of – about – regarding reproduction in the third world .
She seems to be really sensitive to the third world problems .
Having – being personally from India and having worked in very poor Indian villages , I really empathize with the book and what the author talks about .
I have this question , having worked in the third world and having worked among Muslim women and Hindu women in India , I realize that in Hindu women , because of the religious concentrations , are more open to family planning as compared to Muslim women .
They seem – the Hindu women are more open to it but the Muslim women are the ones who are suffering the most because of , you know , repeated childbirth and they have these strong pressures from their husbands and their culture where family planning is supposed to be a religious taboo .
So how would you deal with such a situation and especially in Muslim countries ?
CAVANAUGH : Thank you .
GOLDBERG : I mean , you know , I think the answer lies with people who are working within Muslim countries very successfully .
I mean , you know , outsiders can have a role in supporting activists and supporting healthcare providers within these countries but the real change always comes from within .
And so I know that women have been very effective in Bangladesh in connecting family planning and connecting safe abortion to kind of broader programs of empowerment that really work within the community .
I mean , for example , you know , most famously there ’s the Grameen Bank , the famous microcredit organization within Bangladesh and the founder of that won the Nobel Prize .
You know , the women there are accountable to each other for economic investment and , you know , economic growth but they also make a pledge to keep their families small .
Being involved in these organizations gives them access to family planning and I ’m not sure it ’s so much a religious taboo as it is a cultural taboo .
I mean , Islam is actually – You know , Islam is actually more permissive than , say , Catholicism on a lot of issues of family planning and reproductive choice .
I mean , you can get the morning after pill in Saudi Arabia or in Iran .
So this is n’t so much a religious issue as it is a cultural issue and an issue of patriarchy .
And men , it seems , are more likely to kind of accommodate themselves to changing norms when they see that it benefits them and so even though they might be really uncomfortable at first and might be really hostile and , you know , are , you know , burning down clinics or terrorizing clinics or terrorizing healthcare workers , when they see their own income and their own family ’s income rise because they have smaller families and women who are working , the evidence shows they tend to accommodate themselves to it .
CAVANAUGH :
It ’s important to note that there are many societies that agree to education and opportunities for women .
You could even say that our society is one of them .
But the whole issue of reproductive rights is still viewed as something that ’s just not for women to decide .
So how do you counter that kind of an attitude ?
GOLDBERG : I think it ’s different in different societies how you counter it .
I mean , in the United States where we have such a strong tradition and such a strong commitment to individual liberty , it ’s basically – it ’s always astonishing to me that people who think that , you know , the income tax is a form of theft or , you know , talk about object to healthcare reform on the grounds of how can the government interfere with the decisions I make over my own health ?
Then turn around and mandate forced pregnancy , you know , mandate the most intrusive government restrictions imaginable onto the decisions that a woman makes about her own health .
You know , we would never – we could – it would be unimaginable to us to , say , mandate that somebody submit to a kidney transplant even to save someone else ’s life .
We would consider that totalitarian .
But people think nothing of mandating , you know , this kind of – of mandating pregnancy , of saying that a woman has to go through this , you know , very difficult and sometimes very dangerous physical process whether she likes it or not .
CAVANAUGH : Now as I – I started this off by saying that the issue of global population is sort of a disaster in slow motion .
And you ’ve made it very clear that when it comes to women and deciding their reproductive rights , you ’re not necessarily for them having children or not having children but it is , you know , there are projected that the amount of people in the world is increasing rapidly .
GOLDBERG : Yes , and there are projections – you know , the UN has different projections , I think on the low end is almost 9 billion , on the high end is over 10 billion by 2050 .
And that ’s – there ’s a big difference .
I mean , you know , a billion - plus people .
There ’s a big difference between our many possible futures .
And I guess the good news is that we do n’t have to – we do n’t – there – you do n’t have to make a choice between kind of what women want and what ’s good for the planet because when you give women both opportunities to kind of have a place in the world beyond simply being a mother , when you give them education , opportunities to earn money and opportunities to control their own fertility , they want fewer – they almost never – I mean , individuals aside , most people want smaller , healthier families that they can take care of .
CAVANAUGH : Michelle , thank you so much .
I really appreciate it .
I ’ve been speaking with Michelle Goldberg .
She is the author of the new book , book “ The Means of Reproduction : Sex , Power and the Future of the World . ”
Some people on the line we could n’t get to , please do go online , KPBS.org / thesedays .
Post your comments there .
And thank you so much .
Thank you , Michelle .
GOLDBERG : Oh , thank you so much for having me .
CAVANAUGH : Thank you for listening .
You ’ve been listening to These Days on KPBS .
FEATURED PODCAST KPBS ' daily news podcast covering local politics , education , health , environment , the border and more .
New episodes are ready weekday mornings so you can listen on your morning commute .
Sign up for the KPBS / Arts newsletter !
Your curated weekly guide to local arts and culture in San Diego , from Arts Calendar Editor Julia Dixon Evans , delivered to your inbox every Thursday afternoon .
Enter your email address
To view PDF documents , Download Acrobat Reader .
Canonical just managed to squeeze it in before the end of the month , but the long - awaited latest edition of Ubuntu Linux is now online and available for free download .
Ubuntu has worked hard to gain a reputation as a friendly and easy - to - use Linux distribution which anyone can use - from the experienced computer hacker to the home hobbyist to the student , child or grandmother who just needs to send e-mail , surf the web and view photos .
Ubuntu is well known too for its clockwork release schedule , with new editions hitting the Internet every six months , in April and October .
It is this schedule which gives Ubuntu its version numbering .
Version 10.04 is the 2010 April ( 04 ) release .
Similarly , it can be stated now with certainty the next edition of Ubuntu will be version 10.10 , being the October ( 10 ) 2010 release .
Ubuntu is also famous for its alternate naming schedule with attributes assigned to animals that somehow reflect the theme of the release .
This time around Ubuntu 10.04 is codenamed Lucid Lynx , representing the developer 's ideals that it be smooth , sound and agile .
This general smoothness is also reflected in the LTS designation that has been ascribed to it .
LTS stands for ' Long Term Support '  and means that anyone interested in running a Linux distro which is going to be maintained for years to come would do well to consider Lucid Lynx .
As always , you can download Ubuntu in a rich variety of formats and means .
There are ISO images and torrents available for desktop , netbook and server releases .
For those who like their Ubuntu a bit different there are Kubuntu , Xubuntu , Edubuntu and Mythbuntu variations too .
Positive features of the new face of Linux include vastly improved support for nVidia graphics cards , expanded built - in social networking tools , a faster boot time , the DRM - free Ubuntu One Music Store iPod , iPad and iPhone support and cloud integration , among many others .
Of course , all is not without controversy .
During the six months leading up to today there were surprises and consternation afoot as Canonical announced
The GIMP would be dropped and that the window control buttons would switch from right to left .
Check it out ; today Ubuntu 10.04 is the newest and most up - to - date operating system on the planet .
Whether you 're an old hand at Linux or have never touched it before , Lucid Lynx is certain to please .
TO : CU - Boulder Students
FROM : Office of the Chancellor
SENDER : Chancellor Philip P. DiStefano
DATE : April 15 , 2010
SUBJECT : The 420 gathering at CU - Boulder on April 20 , 2010
Dear CU student :
As another April 20 approaches , we again are faced with concerns from
students , faculty , staff , parents , alumni , regents and community members
about the 420 gathering on the CU - Boulder campus .
As we said last year , we share these concerns .
An unsponsored gathering of
thousands in the heart of our campus for the sole purpose of engaging in
what is still unlawful activity is not only contrary to what we stand for as
a university , it is a public safety challenge of the first order .
With this in mind , on April 20 , 2010 , please do not participate in unlawful
activity that devalues the reputation of your university and degree .
At the
same time , encourage your fellow Buffs to act with pride and remember who
they really are - part of a dynamic environment of teaching , research ,
learning , and service composed of outstanding faculty and proud students and
alumni .
Be advised that on April 20 the following safety parameters will be
enforced :
- Obey the instructions of public safety officials at all times in entering
and leaving campus , and act with concern for those around you , discouraging
dangerous behavior of any kind .
- Parking limitations similar to those during CU home football games will be
enforced .
Parking on campus will be greatly limited , available only at
meters or for those holding CU parking permits .
Traffic barricades will be
set up at Colorado Avenue and Folsom Street and on 18th Street to limit
traffic in the heart of campus .
Please observe all parking regulations
within the City of Boulder .
- While police will be present on the Norlin Quad to support crowd safety ,
individuals found using marijuana on their way to or from the 420 gathering ,
or in other locations on campus , face a citation from CUPD .
Likewise , no
alcohol will be permitted on the Norlin Quad or elsewhere on campus , and
intoxicated persons could be taken into custody or escorted to an alcohol
recovery center , or both .
- CU students who violate the alcohol or drug provisions of the CU Code of
Conduct in the ways described above , or in other ways , are also subject to
penalties from CU - Boulder 's Office of Judicial Affairs .
At the Norlin Quad , no vending of any merchandise or food will be permitted .
No buying and selling of marijuana will be allowed .
No barbecue grills ,
structures , slacklines , sporting or game apparatus , or large signs may be
erected .
We want to re-emphasize that our intention in this communication is safety .
This is an unsanctioned event on our campus , but regardless , we all desire
it be carried out with no injuries to individuals and no damage to property .
We ask for , and expect , your full cooperation in achieving this important
goal .
Sincerely ,
Philip P. DiStefano , Chancellor
Julie Wong , Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs
Mr. Black Swan at a midtown Starbucks for post - dinner coffee TBI Eliot Spitzer was not robust because a single sex scandal derailed his career .
Nouriel Roubini is robust because he has vulva castings on the wall of his apartment , and it does n't derail him at all .
Understand this dichotomy , and you 'll begin to understand Nassim Taleb 's conception of a robust society where we would n't have financial crises like the one we just came through .
Still do n't get the significance of the Spitzer and Roubini examples ?
Ok , let 's use a financial example .
When Jerome Kerveil lost billions for SocGen , it was n't because his trades specifically cost the firm billions .
It was because , in the process of liquidating $ 50 billion or so of assets , the bank depressed the market to such an extent that they lost billions .
Had SocGen and Kerveil been a tenth of its size , that same liquidation would n't have cost the bank much at all .
Thus SocGen was not robust , but a similar firm 1/10th as big would have been .
All of the above are examples given to us by The Black Swan author during a recent night out in Manhattan .
That came about due to some interactions we had over Twitter , which Taleb is using to publish a hundreds of aphorisms that many find to be brilliant , obnoxious , arrogant , and addicting .
More than anything else , Taleb is obsessed with robustness , a topic he returned to several times during our night out .
It 's something he first started hitting on in The Black Swan , and as the Spitzer , Roubini , and SocGen examples demonstrate , it 's a very broad concept .
Norman Mailer , says Taleb , was robust , because " he had six mistresses " and nobody cared .
The chairman of a large bank worth $ 100 million is not robust , because a blackmailer who has knowledge of some infidelities could extort him for $ 75 million .
Our conversation , over 3 plates of oysters , two servings of shrimp , and a few drinks * ranged from fitness ( we both share an interest in evolutionary fitness and the teachings of fitness guru / economist Art De Vany ) , finance , global warming , and who is a danger to society .
One of the biggest dangers to society .
AP
There were two names he insisted I include : Paul Krugman and Thomas Friedman .
" Paul Krugman is a danger to society ! "
" He uses the wrong mathematics , that 's how I knew he was a fluke . "
Why ?
It 's because Krugman is pushing to create a society that is less robust .
Taleb , who characterizes himself as a libertarian , even goes one step further : " The definition of a robust society : where Paul Krugman could exist without harming others . "
Even worse though is Krugman 's fellow NYT pundit , Thomas Friedman , who with his book about globalization , " is the biggest danger . "
I challenged Taleb on his anti-expert mentality , and told him my contention that much of the appeal of someone slamming these luminaries is that it makes normal people feel good about themselves .
He kind of sidestepped the question , saying that there are plenty of experts who he does n't slam , like , say , dentists , because their knowledge , and their arrogance is n't dangerous .
What 's dangerous is the arrogance of someone with the power to influence policy .
After dinner , we talked fitness , and he asked me how I became familiar with Art de Vany .
I told him it was through the blogger and econ prof Tyler Cowen , which immediately set Taleb off .
" That guy 's a bullshitter , " noting that Cowen admits to writing about books he only reads parts of .
" How can you write a review of a book you have n't read ? " presumably referring to this Slate review .
His advice to Cowen : " Read much fewer books , read them slowly , turn off your internet connection , and then come back . "
As the night ended , Taleb gave me a brief ride in his White Lexus Hybrid towards a better place to pick up a cab .
As we left the parking garage , a couple walked in the direction of the car , and he made a comment about not wanting to run them over .
Unless the guy was an economist , in which case , that would be a " benefit to society . "
* Disclosure : Taleb paid for the meal .
There remains no compelling evidence for the claim that zoos and aquariums promote attitude change , education , or interest in conservation in visitors .
More here .
HT Marc Bekoff who notes :
Elephants in captivity lived an average of 19 years compared to 56 years in the wild .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
Joystiq broke the story that USB storage was coming to the Xbox 360 ; today , the update goes live .
A quick download , and suddenly you 're not dependent on Microsoft to sell you overpriced hard drives .
Of course , the ability to use USB storage comes with a few limitations .
The storage device has to be over 1GB .
You can only use 16GB of the storage device , no matter how large it is .
You can use up to two devices at a time , giving you 32 GB of storage .
In other words , if you have a bunch of small USB sticks kicking around the house , you suddenly have a good reason to use them on something .
The official FAQ answers the question about why the usable space is limited , but the attitude seems to be that it 's better than nothing .
" Supporting USB storage devices up to 16GB in size is a huge increase in storage over any solid state memory storage solutions currently available for Xbox 360 .
Users that need more storage have options in the Xbox 360 hard drives , which are available for purchase separately . "
While this is much better than spending $ 130 on a 250 GB hard drive , the limitations dull our enthusiasm a bit .
Microsoft could n't just unlock the system so you can hook up a single , large USB drive ?
It is better than nothing at least , and it 's available now .
( CNN ) --
The mafia has traditionally maintained respect for women and children , but allegations the Gambino crime family was involved in underage prostitution may mean the last vestiges of mob reverence are gone , authorities said .
To some observers , seeing a woman among the defendants in a federal indictment , unsealed Tuesday , was just as shocking as charges the syndicate was peddling teens to customers in New Jersey and three New York boroughs .
Suzanne Porcelli , 43 , was the only female among 14 reputed Gambino crime family members and associates indicted on charges including racketeering , murder , sex trafficking of a minor , extortion and drug trafficking .
Thirteen defendants , including Porcelli , entered not guilty pleas Tuesday , according to the U.S. attorney 's office , and they are expected to appear Wednesday before a federal judge who has been appointed to the case .
" It 's extremely rare to grab up a woman in an organized crime case because it's a male - oriented criminal society , " said FBI special agent Richard Kolko .
" It 's certainly unusual , but as you can see in the indictment , she allegedly committed a serious crime and will face those charges . "
Fifteen FBI agents showed up at the door of the single mother 's home in Brooklyn to arrest her at 6 a.m.
Tuesday , said her lawyer , Vincent Romano .
She was released on bond .
Porcelli's name appears only six times in the 60 - page document detailing a litany of accusations against suspected members and associates of the Gambino crime family .
The list runs the gamut from murder to OxyContin trafficking to defrauding high - end restaurants with inflated invoices for meat orders .
Read about the charges against the 14 accused
Porcelli is charged with four counts in a sex trafficking ring involving some underaged girls , and not for charges of murder or racketeering - related activity .
" It 's a very unfortunate situation for her .
Obviously she 's not a member or associate of any crime family .
She 's charged in a very limited conduct in the indictment , " Romano said .
" I 'd like to get discovery and see what the evidence is against her , who 's allegedly cooperating with the government against her to see what they have to say and assess the situation . "
However slight her alleged role , having a woman caught up in an underage prostitution ring with the Gambino crime family marks a turn for the worse in organized crime , said Joe Coffey , a former commanding officer of the New York Police Department 's organized crime unit .
" The mob as we know it historically holds very few things sacred , but they do hold women and children sacred , " said Coffey .
" Women have been girlfriends and wives and mothers , but never has there been any case where a female becomes an influential person in mob operations , because it 's seen as men's work , something that women and children should be protected from and kept out of . "
Porcelli's name appears alongside the likes of 69 - year - old Daniel Marino , a longtime member and current Gambino family boss , according to court documents .
Porcelli is also accused of working with alleged Gambino family soldier Thomas Orefice , who is accused of a " staggering crime spree " related to most of the criminal enterprises in the indictment .
Porcelli faces four charges , including sex trafficking and sex trafficking of a minor , for her alleged role in an interstate sex trafficking ring in 2008 and 2009 .
Orefice is accused of devising and executing the business plan for the prostitution ring , in which underage girls , including at least one 15 - year - old , were offered up to paying customers in Manhattan , Brooklyn , New Jersey and Staten Island , according to court documents .
The defendants advertised their service on Craigslist and other websites , and had customers call a phone line operated by Porcelli to arrange appointments , the documents state .
" Orefice and the other defendants also made the young women available for sex to the players at regular poker games that Orefice and his crew ran . "
Porcelli faces a potential life sentence on one count of sex trafficking of a minor .
Sex and drugs are nothing new to organized crime , says Coffey , but their expanding prominence within day - to - day operations reflects the weakening mores of the mafia and society .
" The mafia , as we know it today , is no longer what it was .
Although they 've always been ruthless , greedy , unlawful , murderous , they always had a certain amount of respect , i.e. , for women and children , " he said .
A law enforcement crackdown in the 1970s and 1980s targeting organized crime 's leadership left a power vacuum that has been filled by leaders with a greater appetite for sex and drugs , he said .
" The mob , as we see it today , has lost all respect , lost all the historical culture that it was intended to have since 1931 , and that 's because they 're becoming their own best customers within the drug culture . "
Show full PR text
Kingston Technology Creates World 's Fastest Memory
Intel Certifies HyperX Clocked at 2400MHz
Sunbury - on - Thames , UK 16th March 2010 -- Kingston Technology Europe Ltd , a subsidiary of Kingston Technology Company , the independent world leader in memory products , today announced it has developed the fastest Intel - certified memory in the world .
Running at 2400MHz , Kingston 's HyperX® dual - channel DDR3 memory kit ( Kingston ® part# : KHX2400C9D3T1K2/4GX ) gained Intel® XMP certification on the Core i7 ™ platform .
Intel 's certification is posted at
http://www.intel.com/en_US/Assets/PDF/prodspec/ww09-2010-XMP-self-cert_Core-i7-BlueBadge.pdf.
The Kingston 2400 MHz kit runs at 9-11 - 9- 27 - 2 timings at 1.65 volts and was developed for enthusiasts , gamers , and benchmarkers looking to scale new memory heights .
As with all Kingston Technology memory , the 2400MHz kit was created with the highest design - engineering principles and subjected to OEM - quality production and testing standards to gain Intel XMP certification .
The memory was tested to great success on several P55 - based systems including the GIGABYTE GA - P55A - UD4P motherboard .
The 2400MHz kits will be available in Q2 .
Kingston HyperX memory is backed by a lifetime warranty and free 24/7 technical support .
For detailed information please visit the Kingston Web site at www.kingston.com.
About Kingston Technology Company , Inc .
Kingston Technology Company , Inc. is the world 's largest independent manufacturer of memory products .
Kingston designs , manufactures and distributes memory products for desktops , laptops , servers , printers , and Flash memory products for PDAs , mobile phones , digital cameras , and MP3 players .
Through its global network of subsidiaries and affiliates , Kingston has manufacturing facilities in California , Taiwan , China and sales representatives in the United States , Europe , Russia , Turkey , Ukraine , Australia , New Zealand , India , Taiwan , China , and Latin America .
For more information , please call +44 ( 0)1932 738888 or visit www.kingston.com/europe
The Food and Drug Administration announced April 8 that it will be taking a look at the safety of a widely used antibacterial chemical , triclosan .
Triclosan — as well as its cousin triclocarban — is found in liquid hand soaps , deodorant bar soaps , face washes , deodorants , toothpastes and mouthwashes , and as well as in germ - fighting cutting boards and socks .
In January , Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D - Mass . ) wrote letters to the FDA and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , urging them to review new evidence about the potential harms of triclosan .
Markey has called for banning the chemical in personal care products , citing concerns that widespread use of triclosan may encourage the spread of antibiotic - resistant bacteria and , as it gets washed down millions of household drains , may harm wildlife .
Meanwhile , industry groups such as the Soap and Detergent Assn. and the Personal Care Products Council assert that they have provided volumes of information on the benefits and safety of antimicrobial products .
In a consumer fact sheet , the FDA says that , at present , triclosan is not known to be hazardous to humans .
Still , the agency first proposed regulating the chemical for consumer use in the 1970s and has revisited the issue several times since .
In a letter responding to Markey , the agency promised to evaluate the new evidence and come to some conclusion by next spring .
Here ’s a closer look at what ’s known about the benefits and potential harms of triclosan .
Triclosan stops or slows the growth of bacteria and fungi .
It is added to many products as a preservative to prevent bacterial contamination within the product itself , but it ’s added to soap to help battle germy hands .
Antibacterial soaps do fight germs on your hands — but that ’s thanks to the soap , not the triclosan , according to a number of studies .
Allison Aiello , an epidemiologist at the University of Michigan School of Public Health in Ann Arbor , reviewed handwashing studies that directly compared plain soap with antibacterial soap for the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases in 2007 .
Researchers measured how many bacteria were present after washing — either bacteria planted on subjects ’ hands or occurring naturally .
Of four studies that tested consumer - strength antibacterial soap , which contains 0.2 % to 0.3 % triclosan , the only instance in which it bettered plain soap was in subjects who washed their hands 18 times a day for five days in a row .
Aiello also reviewed studies that looked at the rate of infectious illness that occurs in households using antibacterial soap versus plain soap and found no difference .
One reason may be that the most common illnesses , such as colds and stomach flu , are viral .
Triclosan does n’t target viruses .
Other studies did sometimes , but not always , find improved germ removal after use of stronger preparations containing 1 % triclosan or more , the kind of soap used in hospitals and other healthcare settings .
The hospitals of UCLA use soap with 3 % triclosan , but only in patient - care areas and only as an amendment to alcohol - based hand gels , which work faster than washing with soap and have a sustained germ - squashing effect , says Dr. David Pegues , who directs the program on infectious diseases .
“ I think the use is appropriate in the hospital where we ’ve got antibiotic - resistant germs that need to get killed on skin and skin surfaces , ” he says .
“ Where it ’s not appropriate is the routine use of a variety of consumer products , mostly for peace of … mind . ”
The FDA agrees that triclosan offers no advantage to germ control over regular soap in most settings .
However , triclosan - containing toothpaste — such as Colgate Total , which is FDA - approved and recommended by the American Dental Assn. —- does seem to prevent gingivitis better than regular toothpaste .
There ’s no question that exposure to triclosan is widespread in the U.S.
A national health survey found triclosan in the urine of 75 % of the 2,517 people who gave samples .
The chemical can enter the body via absorption through the skin or the lining of the mouth .
Mae
Wu , a program attorney at the National Resources Defense Council , an environmental advocacy group in Washington , D.C. , says that even people who deliberately try to avoid antimicrobial products still end up getting exposed because the soaps are in public restrooms , offices and restaurants .
What triclosan does once it enters the body is not clear .
Research in animals has found hormonal effects of triclosan , including upsetting the normal balance of thyroid hormones , thereby impairing growth and brain development , and of the reproductive hormones estrogen and testosterone , leading to infertility .
These effects are similar to other so - called endocrine disruptors , such as bisphenol A , dioxins and pesticides such as DDT .
The FDA says it intends to evaluate this new research .
Although there are no data on effects of triclosan on human hormone systems , endocrine disruptors as a class are known to have effects at very low levels of exposure , according to the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences .
“ It does n’t take very much to swing the system one way or another , ” Wu says .
Another concern is that triclosan , used widely and without restraint , may encourage the growth and spread of antibiotic - resistant pathogens .
These have become a huge problem around the world with the rise of superbugs that cause life - threatening infections and are very difficult to treat .
Many doctor groups have called for more restraint in using antibiotic drugs in healthcare settings ( not to mention in the raising of farm animals ) to keep antibiotic resistance in check .
Markey and the American Medical Assn. want the FDA to exert the same cautious approach with antimicrobial chemicals in consumer products .
Triclosan gives scientists cause for concern in this regard because it targets growing bacteria in the same way as some antibiotic medicines .
Also , laboratory studies have shown that microbes resistant to triclosan also seem to have picked up resistance to other antibiotic drugs at the same time .
But it ’s not clear to what extent that ’s happening on the hands of Americans .
Aiello attempted to study the issue by randomly assigning participants to use plain soap or antibacterial soap for a year and then looking for antibiotic - resistant bugs .
“ Although we did find some increases in antibiotic - resistant species [ on hands of those using the triclosan - containing soap ] , the differences were not statistically significant , ” she says of her results , which were published in the journal Emerging Infectious Disease in 2005 .
One difficulty was being sure that her triclosan - free group was truly triclosan - free , she says .
“ Most people out there are using [ antimicrobial products ] without even knowing it . ”
Even though the harms of triclosan are not well established , many doctors , public health officials and environmentalists think that they ’re not worth the risk , especially in light of evidence that triclosan in soap products does n’t seem to add value .
“ It does n’t seem like there ’s a place for these chemicals in consumer soap at this point , ” Aiello says .
health@latimes.com
I ’ve made no secret of my admiration for Gail Simone .
Her writing is smart , interesting and fun , and she can write the hell out of a kick - ass chick .
Many of my favorite characters are so because of her capable hand in their development .
At the top of that list is Lady Shiva .
I ’ll keep it real .
I did n’t know much about Sandra Wu - San until she showed up in Birds of Prey .
OK , I did n’t know much of anything before I read BoP , but there was a long list of supporting characters throughout Simone ’s arc .
Shiva was my favorite by far .
As we ’ve seen in Secret Six , no one does amoral with Gail ’s flair .
Amoral characters are intriguing because they do the things our conscience and social mores prevent us from doing .
We get to live our fantasies through them , and their writers are n’t limited by pesky issues like virtue .
Plus , Shiva is a straight - up beast .
She ’s kicked more asses than you ’ve read comics .
She ’s fast , ingenious , wicked , and not at all afraid to die .
That final fact alone makes her a force to be reckoned with .
I firmly believe that she could defeat Deathstroke ( See previous poll ) .
All Shiva needs is a two - second window , and he ’s done for — genetic engineering be damned .
Shiva would engineer a beatdown .
To drive the point home , here are some of my favorite Lady Shiva quotes :
“ I believe in letting people do as they wish , as do I myself .
Sometimes , of course , what I wish to do is kill them and they do not wish to die .
This gives life interest . ” – The Question # 29
“ I am not allowing you to pass out .
I want your men to see you beg .
Then you will apologize with a pain you will remember always . ” – Birds of Prey # 62
“ All this ceremony , and the truth is : the body decays , the spirit is lost .
It means nothing .
Ashes or earth , I hardly see the significance of where they lay your corpse . ” – Birds of Prey # 68
“ If you ever touch me again , I shall shatter three bones in your arm : the humerus , the radius , and the ulna .
I shall shatter them in such a way that shards will protrude into the nerves , causing intense pain !
I shall shatter them in such a way that no Western doctor will be able to repair them .
Your arm will thereafter dangle from your shoulder like a dead fish .
Do you understand ? ”
And my favorite :
“ Perhaps death is just a little bit afraid of me . ” – Birds of Prey # 63
So , I ’m riding the wave of Shiva - is - a - bad - ass - bitch , and as per usual , once she was out of Gail ’s hands , someone added suckage to her repertoire .
I realize this is part of the multiple - writers nature of comics .
I ’m not that bitter .
But chocolate ?
As in , Robin ( Tim Drake ) defeats Shiva by sending her some drug - laced chocolate ?
Really ?
Bullshit !
I seriously doubt that a world - class mercenary / martial artist with so many enemies would even consider eating a piece of hotel chocolate .
As E. pointed out , “ She ’s probably on a macrobiotic diet . ”
The poisoned chocolate was a flimsy attempt at strengthening Tim ’s character , I guess because he and Shiva have a past .
But honestly , who gives a fuck ?
This did a major disservice to Shiva ’s character .
Her sister was murdered , and her daughter broke her neck .
Bottom line : Shiva should get more respect than that .
As Black Canary put it , “ In some countries , being killed by her brings eternal honor to your entire surviving family . ”
With books coming back from the “ dead ” and all , we have The Question # 37 written by Greg Rucka .
Now , I almost love Rucka as much as I love Simone .
He also understands the kick - ass chick .
We ’ll get to see my favorite DCU lesbian , Renee Montoya , a Black Lantern Vic Sage and ( here ’s the part that ’s got me salivating ) an appearance by Lady Shiva .
She ’s already got a past with Vic. Throw Montoya in the mix , and a few interesting worlds collide .
Renee vs. Shiva ?
I ’d like to see that mashup !
Rucka had this to say , “ [ Shiva ’s ] just entirely amoral and committed to her path . …
She does n’t care what you think , ever . ”
Color me blue , because THAT gives me hope .
Important update for parties and campaigners Read our update on the impact that the postponement of May elections has on financial returns , and how to contact us
This figure shows the fraction of non-intercalated lithium ions per time , with the different colors representing different amplitudes of the applied oscillating field ( A = 5 kCal / mol ) .
The denominator in the exponential is the average intercalation time in nanoseconds , showing that a larger amplitude field speeds up ion intercalation .
Credit : Hamad , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Part of the headache of having to constantly recharge batteries is not just how often they need to be charged , but also the time it takes to charge them .
In a new study , researchers have proposed a charging method that could greatly reduce the charging time of lithium - ion batteries , which are used in everything from electronic devices to electric vehicles .
The new method uses an additional oscillating electric field ( besides the charging field ) that should be capable of charging a lithium - ion battery in a fraction of the time compared with traditional methods .
Researchers Ibrahim Abou Hamad from Mississippi State University and coauthors have developed the new charging method thanks to revolutionary developments in molecular dynamics simulations .
In their study , the researchers simulated the lithium - ion battery - charging process by simulating the intercalation ( i.e. “ insertion ” ) of lithium ions into the battery ’s graphite anode .
Although intercalation is just one part of the charging process ( along with diffusion ) , it dominates the charging time .
In the charging process , lithium ions first diffuse within the battery ’s electrolyte until they reach the graphite anode .
At this interface , ions must overcome an energy barrier in order to be intercalated into the anode .
In their simulations , Hamad and his team found that an additional oscillating electric field can lower this energy barrier , enabling lithium ions to intercalate more quickly into the anode .
The oscillating field also increases the diffusion rate , which helps further reduce the overall charging time , albeit to a lesser extent .
Specifically , when the scientists applied an oscillating square - wave field with a frequency of 25 GHz and an amplitude of 5 kCal / mol to the graphite sheets in the anode , the lithium ions intercalated into the graphite sheets within an average time of about 50 nanoseconds .
By changing the amplitude of the oscillating wave , the researchers found that they could further improve charging time by lowering the energy barrier and speeding up intercalation .
Their simulations showed that the dependence of the intercalation time on the amplitude is exponential , meaning that a small increase in amplitude leads to a large increase the intercalation speed , which offers the potential for very fast charging times .
In the future , the researchers plan to further investigate the new method , including analyzing how changing the frequency of the oscillating field effects the charging time .
They noted that the new method might provide an increase in battery power densities , as well .
Explore further Increasing Electric Car Battery Performance
More information : Ibrahim Abou Hamad , M. A. Novotny , D. Wipf , and P. A. Rikvold .
“ A new battery - charging method suggested by molecular dynamics simulations . ”
Available at arxiv.org .
via : Ibrahim Abou Hamad , M. A. Novotny , D. Wipf , and P. A. Rikvold .
“ A new battery - charging method suggested by molecular dynamics simulations . ”
Available at arxiv.org .
Doi : 10.1039/b920970 k via : Technology Review
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd says he has been forced to put his emissions trading scheme ( ETS ) on ice because of the Coalition 's opposition and the slow pace of international climate change action .
Mr Rudd has confirmed the ETS has been shelved until at least 2013 so the Government can consider what the rest of the world will do beyond the expiration of the Kyoto protocol .
He says the Government remains committed to implementing the scheme but the Opposition 's refusal to back it and the lack of international progress in the wake of the Copenhagen talks meant it had to be delayed .
" The Liberal Party have executed a complete backflip in their historical position in support of an ETS , " he said .
" The rest of the world is being slower to act on appropriate action on climate change .
" It 's very plain that the correct course of action is to extend the implementation date .
" What we need to make a judgment of is what happens post - 2012 and what the rest of the world is doing , because the rest of the world and what they do is pretty important in terms of Australia 's future actions as well . "
Mr Rudd has in the past described climate change as a " great moral challenge of our generation " and said action could not be delayed .
The Opposition 's about - face on the ETS after Tony Abbott took on the Liberal leadership last year dashed the Government 's hope of passing the legislation after Mr Abbott ditched support for an amended scheme negotiated by his predecessor , Malcolm Turnbull .
The Greens also refuse to support the bill because they say it gives too many concessions to industry and its emissions reduction targets are too weak .
When asked if the Government would consider negotiating with the Greens , Mr Rudd replied : " Our doors have always remained open to negotiations with people from all sides of politics .
" But when you have one side of politics saying that you cannot act on climate change through an ETS and another side that would happily close the economy down tomorrow , it makes life a bit of a challenge . "
The scheme has now been removed from the upcoming budget papers and its delay means the Government could save $ 2.5 billion over the next three years because it will not have to pay for household and industry compensation .
The legislation had been a key piece of the Government 's first - term legislative agenda but it is unlikely to be used as the trigger for a double dissolution election .
Mr Abbott , meanwhile , has accused the Government of lacking credibility .
" It 's very hard to take this Prime Minister seriously when he has reneged apparently on this solemn judgment and solemn commitment to the Australian people , " he said .
" It seems the Government has dropped its policy to deal with climate change , namely an ETS , because it is frightened the public think that this really is just a great big new tax on everything , " he said .
" I 'm quite happy for the next election to be a referendum on Mr Rudd 's great big new tax on everything , and he 's frightened of that . "
Greens Leader Bob Brown says the Government 's actions are " disgraceful " .
" It seems the Government is dropping all the values issues , " he said .
" It seems unable to be able to carry through with proposals which were at the heart of its approach to the last election .
" We do have an action plan before the Senate and before the Australian Parliament .
We simply do n't have a Government which has got the ability to act , " he said .
" We 've got a Government which is reneging , dissembling , backing off , failing . "
The Australian Conservation Foundation has described the delay as unacceptable , while the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry has welcomed the move .
Sega officially announced Sonic the Hedgehog 4 : Episode 1 on February 4 , 2010 .
Since that time , we have seen a smattering of images , less than a minute of leaked footage , and a few scant details .
However , despite the dearth of Intel available , I have been able to piece together a fairly clear image of what Sonic 4 will be .
And it SUCKS !
Yes , Sonic the Hedgehog 4 is going to be the worst idea for a game since Denis Dyack screamed " FUTURE VIKINGS " in the shower one morning .
I have been able to fully assess the product of an unreleased game from the barest of details , and I hereby offer a warning to anybody excited for Sega 's so - called return to form .
Sonic 4 will totally suck because I said so , and if you do n't believe me , read on to find out exactly why it 's going to be so awful .
It is episodic :
The first major problem with Sonic 4 is that it is episodic , and that 's terrible .
Episodic games are the worst thing to have ever happened since straight people were allowed to marry .
Half - Life 2 and Sam & Max have demonstrated exactly why episodic games fail on a routine basis , and then there are the Star Wars movies , which have all failed because they were split into episodes .
Having now proven that episodic content has never , and will never , work , you should hopefully understand that Sonic 4 is fundamentally flawed and thoroughly doomed .
It is also different from what I was expecting , and different things are frightening to me .
Sega 's not going to get my money if it insists on not doing what my brain tells me should be happening .
It 's probably like Sonic Rush :
The leaked gameplay footage did not look very much like Sonic Rush at all , but Dimps is developing the game and some other people told me it would probably be like Sonic Rush so now I think it will definitely be like Sonic Rush , probably .
In fact , it is going to be so much like Sonic Rush that I have very cleverly changed Sonic 4's name .
I am calling it Sonic Rush 3 which is humorous because it implies that Sonic 4 is a sequel to Sonic Rush Adventure instead of Sonic 3 which will totally show those idiots at Sega that I know the score !
Seriously though , the similarities between Sonic 4 and Rush are too frightening to ignore .
Dimps is developing it .
It stars Sonic the Hedgehog .
There are colors and sound .
With undeniably suspicious coincidences like these , how can we not be certain that Sonic 4 is basically a pixel - for - pixel remake of Sonic Rush ?
We need to petition against this or something !
The graphics are too good :
One of the most abhorrent crimes committed by Sega in this alleged revival is the focus on graphics that do n't look like a steaming bucket of shit .
I only like games that are at least fifteen years old , and so it sickens me to see that Sonic 4 is n't blocky and pixelated and hurts my eyes .
Every single game in the world should look like Mega Man 9 , and I am dismayed that Sega is n't ripping off Capcom 's idea wholesale with its own retro reboot .
The simple fact of the matter is that I really like the Genesis games , and while I could just play those ones , I 'd rather have a game that looks , acts , sounds and plays exactly like one of the old Genesis games , but that will cost me more money to play .
Everything needs to be precisely as I remember it in the early nineties , otherwise I will boycott this game , and we all know how devastating that would be !
Sonic 's legs are too long :
Sonic the Hedgehog is not a giraffe .
He is a hedgehog .
Hedgehog 's do not have long legs , and I can't understand why they 've basically tried to turn Sonic into a blue , spiky version of Bayonetta .
I have decided that Sonic 4 will suck as a game because the main character 's legs are longer than I think they should be .
This is a very good reason to judge the quality of a game .
Spiders , Jeffery Dahmer and the Tripods from War of the Worlds all famously have long legs , and all three are evil .
Is this what Sega wants its once - lovable mascot associated with ?
Arachnids , serial killers and Martian war machines ?
If that 's the kind of company Sega keeps these days , then do n't let me stop the bastards , but leave poor Sonic out of this .
Sonic should have legs like that ugly little thing that played Mini Me in Austin Powers .
The Great Gazoo , or whatever his name is .
His eyes have a bit of green in them :
You might think that this kind of complaint is baseless nitpicking from a miserable , virginal , perpetually cynical furry prick , but I assure you that it is a legitimate , important complaint , and my decision to take up this fight as noble as Martin Luther King standing up for black rights , or bringing THE TROOPS back home from Iraq because soldiers are not paid to fight in wars .
Yes , Sonic 's eyes ... prepare yourself ... have a bit of GREEN in them !
What the FUCK , Sega !?
This is simply unbelievable .
In fact , it 's so shocking that I can't actually think of a conceivable reason why this would be seen as a problem to anybody , but believe me , this IS a problem to EVERYBODY .
I 'm not going to go back and change all my Sonic fanart so that he has green eyes now .
I 'm simply not going to do it .
Sega 's the one who has to make the change .
Sonic is the wrong shade of blue :
Just look at the comparison images above .
As you can see , Sonic in Sonic 4 happens to be a completely different shade of blue to Sonic from Sonic 3 .
At the risk of sounding like an annoying dick who uses the word " amusing " in a condescending tone to appear aloof and smart , I find it so very amusing that Sega cannot even keep a consistent grasp on what color their supposed mascot is meant to be .
Oh dear , Sega , oh dear , you really are terrible at making videogames , are n't you ?
Oh yes .
I mean , does Sega have any researchers working on this abortion of a project at all ?
In Sonic 4 , my precious hedgehog is represented as predominantly Duke Blue with Bleu de France highlights , when anybody with even a basic knowledge of Sonic history will tell you that he 's more of a Palatinate Blue , with maybe an Egyptian shade if you want to really go mad and push the envelope .
I mean , come the fuck on , Sega .
It really is n't that hard .
Sonic is too slow :
Sonic is way too slow in the leaked footage I saw where Sonic was n't really given a chance to gain any momentum so I 'm not exactly sure how fast he was .
Sorry , but unless you 're pressing one button to make Sonic move from left to right and complete an Act in thirteen seconds flat then it 's simply NOT Sonic the Hedgehog , and I have the authority to say what is and what is not official Sonic canon because I roleplay as him on the Internet .
Sonic is n't about platforming , level design , or physics .
It 's about speed .
Pure speed , and nothing else .
I do n't want your stupid " gameplay " and I do n't want your ridiculous argument that pressing one button and occasionally falling into a cheaply placed chasm is bad design .
Sonic is about SPEED , effective and intelligent gameplay be damned !
Sonic is too fast :
Jesus fucking Christ , slow down thar !
As if being too slow was n't bad enough , he 's always ridiculously fast .
I know he 's too fast because , again , Dimps is making it and Sonic Rush was too fast .
Also , the first trailer said the word " speed " in it and that means he is going to be fast .
I refuse to believe that they may have found a balance between platforming and speed because I am only capable of thinking in extreme terms .
This is , after all , the Internet gaming community .
Let 's not have such things as open minds and balanced ideas here .
You can keep that shit to yourself .
The Egg - O - Matic is completely different :
Quite a few people were excited when they saw one of the leaked Sonic 4 screens and it revealed a classic boss from Sonic the Hedgehog ( Green Hill Zone , Act III , to be exact ) .
Truly , it is a boss fight that delights the senses and stirs the soul , and I truly thought Sega was onto something with this .
That is , however , until I noticed glaring errors with the brand new Egg - O - Matic .
Robotnik 's trusty vehicle is simply wrong in Sonic 4 , and it 's ruined the whole game .
Here are the major problems :
Robotnik 's chair is different .
It 's no longer purple , and looks less comfortable .
Also , way too tall .
The checkered pattern on the ball - and - chain has the dark and light squares in the wrong place .
The dark square should not be in the middle .
The light square is in the middle in real life .
The exhaust flame on the back of the Egg - O - Matic is a different shape .
There is now a red light at the front of the Egg - O - Matic by the yellow circles , something that was never there in Sonic 1 .
You can see it if you squint .
The gills at the side have been replaced with a panel that features gill - like indents .
There are red circles on the underside of the Egg - O - Matic .
The yellow and black striping is way too big .
There is a large dashboard behind the windshield .
There is a red line separating the cockpit from the hull .
The Egg - O - Matic 's latitude is too low .
In Sonic 1 , the Egg - O - Matic was further from the ground .
In Sonic 4 , is flies much lower , and is far nearer to the two platforms which Sonic uses .
Not good enough !
I 'm sure there are more major differences , but I went temporarily blind after holding a magnifying glass up to my computer monitor and combing through the image , pixel by pixel , for twenty - seven hours .
As you can see though , the number of errors Sega made with Robotnik 's iconic machine is absolutely atrocious , and speaks volumes of a company with no respect for its own library .
This boss fight is going to need a complete overhaul before release .
HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE CALLED DR .
ROBOTNIK ANYWAY SO SHUT UP :
AAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH
THIS WILL AFFECT GAMEPLAY ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGHGHHHHHHHGHGGGGHHH !
On a day when widespread protests in Kyrgyzstan appear to have overthrown the government , one of US officials ' greatest concerns is the status of a critical air base there used as an air hub for the Afghanistan war .
Pentagon officials said Wednesday that Kyrgyz demonstrating against a corrupt government had forced the airport in the capital , Bishkek , to close for about 12 hours .
The airport shares space with a US air base known as the Transit Center at Manas .
Because of current disruptions , some air cargo jets have had to avoid the base .
“ Some personnel and their equipment will be delayed in traversing the Transit Center at Manas , ” said an official at the Pentagon who agreed to speak on background .
“ However , as prudent planning dictates , we will make use of options to ensure that support continues to those conducting operations in Afghanistan . ”
The official also said the air base was on a high state of alert .
On Wednesday , President Kurmanbek Bakiyev reportedly left the capital in the presidential plane , but it was not clear if he was fleeing the country or just departing the city .
His leadership is in question , and that could have a direct effect on US military operations at Manas .
The US inked a deal last summer with Mr. Bakiyev that allowed continued use of the base .
Leading up to that agreement , Bakiyev had first demanded that the US abandon the base but then began intense negotiations over the amount of rent the US was willing to pay for using the base .
As crucial as the base is to American logistical operations , especially in Afghanistan , the US maintained that it would walk away from the deal .
But by July , the two countries had signed a deal allowing the US to stay .
The lease deal apparently tripled , from $ 20 million to $ 60 million a year .
If Bakiyev has , in fact , fled the country , the terms of the lease could be thrown into doubt , not to mention the US military 's long - term relationship with Kyrgyzstan .
The US maintains that its air base brings at least $ 64 million to the local economy .
Manas is home to about 1,100 military personnel , including US , Spanish , and French forces , and another 750 contract workers .
As the US expands its presence in Afghanistan – amassing a total 100,000 American troops there by fall – the base has become “ the premier air mobility hub ” for the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan .
Using the base as a hub , military aircraft refueled more than 11,000 aircraft over Afghanistan during 2008 and moved about 170,000 passengers in and out of the country – including troops deploying and redeploying and individual service members traveling to and from the United States on leave .
The Department of Defense has identified 1,030 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations .
It confirmed the death of the following American yesterday :
HALL , Jonathon D. , 23 , Pfc. , Army ; Chattanooga , Tenn. ; 101st Airborne Division .
A former CIA field officer says the Bush administration ’s reforms of the intelligence community have made it more difficult to prevent terrorist operations .
Speaking to MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann , Jack Rice , now an on-air personality at Air America radio , said the creation of the National Counterterrorism Center and the office of the Director of National Intelligence in the years after the 9/11 attacks means that information is being shuffled around too many different offices and agencies .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The problem with that is sometimes you may not get the context of that information , ” Rice said .
“ So they only get pieces of it .
When you break this up into so many moving parts — and there are already incredible numbers of moving parts — you sort of misunderstand how the entire process works .
So now they ’re having to cobble it back together , and try to come up with an answer , and they ’re still failing at that . ”
Olbermann cited a 2005 essay ( PDF ) by National Counterterrorism Center Deputy Director Russell Travers , which argued that the Bush - era reforms “ severed the collection of the data from the analysis of the data . ”
“ Are we on the road to ‘ fixing ’ intelligence , or are we at risk of making it worse ? ” the essay asked .
“ In truth , either outcome is entirely possible . ”
Rice also said the Bush administration was n’t “ as concerned about quality ” of information .
“ Hence , they were willing to waterboard somebody 183 times in one month . ”
Rice cited the phenomenon of “ garbage in , garbage out ” — if your intelligence is faulty or misunderstood , you ca n’t take proper steps to ensure security .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s Countdown , broadcast Jan. 7 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
It 's officially official : Valve will bring its Steam online distribution service and titles from its massive library of hit games to the Mac this April , the company confirmed Monday .
The successful content - delivery service will bring Valve titles like Left 4 Dead and the upcoming Portal 2 , as well as games from other publishers , to Apple computers for the first time .
The move was telegraphed last week in a series of teaser posters that mashed characters from Valve games into retro Apple ads .
Dan Connors , CEO of Telltale Games , called Apple and Steam a natural fit .
" If there 's anything like iTunes on the PC right now for games , it 's Steam , " Connors said .
" So you 've got two great leaders in digital distribution coming together . "
Steam is the pre-eminent digital distribution platform for PCs .
With more than 1,000 games and 25 million user accounts , Steam is by one estimate responsible for more than 70 percent of digital game purchases .
Bringing the service to Macs means wider selection , quicker updates and more episodic content for Apple 's traditionally game - deprived computers .
Valve wants to position its games not as static products but as part of an ongoing , constantly updated , ubiquitous service , company co-founder Gabe Newell told Wired.com in advance of Monday 's announcement .
" The traditional model has always been that you have these really extended development times ... where you do nothing for customers for several years and then you try to drive everybody into the theaters or into the stores on a given date , " Newell said .
" It makes it hard to steer your decisions based on customer feedback , and customers do n't particularly like that .
They would like to have the experience of being part of an entertainment community where they 're getting something on a daily or more frequent basis .
" The Mac represents a great opportunity to deliver these things . "
Bringing Steam to Mac will give gamers several cross-platform benefits , Newell said .
If players already own the PC versions of Valve games , they 'll get Mac versions at no extra charge through a feature called Steam Play .
By using the Steam Cloud feature that the company introduced in 2008 , players can save in - progress games online , then call up those saved games no matter which version they 're playing .
If you 're playing Half - Life 2 on your home PC but then head out on the road with your MacBook , you can continue your game - in - progress .
" We looked at a variety of methods to get our games onto the Mac and in the end decided to go with native versions rather than emulation , " said John Cook , director of Steam development , in Monday 's press release .
" We are treating the Mac as a tier - 1 platform so all of our future games will release simultaneously on Windows , Mac and the Xbox 360 , " Cook said .
" Updates for the Mac will be available simultaneously with the Windows updates .
Furthermore , Mac and Windows players will be part of the same multiplayer universe , sharing servers , lobbies and so forth .
We fully support a heterogeneous mix of servers and clients .
The first Mac Steam client will be the new generation currently in beta testing on Windows . "
Portal 2 will be Valve 's first simultaneous release for Mac and Windows , the company said .
" Checking in code produces a PC build and Mac build at the same time , automatically , so the two platforms are perfectly in lock - step , " said Josh Weier , said Portal 2 project lead in the press release .
" We 're always playing a native version on the Mac right alongside the PC .
This makes it very easy for us and for anyone using Source to do game development for the Mac . "
Bringing Valve 's gaming engine Source , and the company 's Steamworks development and publishing suite , to the Mac will make it easier for developers to bring games to OS X .
" Steamworks for the Mac supports all of the Steamworks APIs , " said Jason Holtman , Valve 's director of business development , in the press release .
" We expect most developers and publishers to take advantage of Steam Play . "
Easy updates — — ——
Steam lets the company take full advantage of the freedom that the PC and Mac platforms give it to constantly update and tweak its games .
For instance , the developer has updated its 2007 game Team Fortress 2 more than 100 times , Newell said .
This would n't be possible on a closed system like Microsoft 's Xbox Live , he said : " Microsoft 's QA fees ... would be several hundred thousand dollars to do the updates that we did to Team Fortress 2 .
And that ignores the fact that the cycle on these closed platforms would have taken years to get all these updates through . "
Most recently , Valve leveraged its ability to push updates through Steam and engage its fan base by dropping hints into its 2007 cult hit Portal about the game 's upcoming sequel , letting the fans be an active part of the game 's announcement .
" We want to bring content creators and consumers closer together to minimize the latency between what somebody on the team does versus a fan 's ability to participate in that experience , not put more barriers between them , " Newell said .
Valve is n't the only PC developer with a strong , engaged fan base looking to Mac.
Telltale Games , creator of the episodic Sam and Max games , announced last month that it would be moving to Mac , even inviting fans to vote on which of its games should be ported over first .
While Telltale has not confirmed any of its games will be on the Mac version of Steam , Connors called getting his companies titles on Valve 's digital - distribution platform " a no-brainer . "
" We have games that run on the Mac and we have games that run on Steam , so our goal is to be there , " Connors said .
" We think they 're going to do a great job with getting the Steam client over there and we want to continue to be a part of it . "
Asked to name other developers that we 'd see on Steam , Valve 's Newell demurred .
But Steam 's popularity means that as Valve goes , so go other gamemakers .
Steam on Mac means many more games on Mac .
" ( Mac ) has all of the right pieces , and we know other developers see that as well , " Newell said .
See Also :
is a luxury lingerie blog which focuses on the finest intimate apparel from around the world .
The blog highlights news from Faire Frou Frou , and represents lingerie as seen in high - fashion and tastefully elegant photography .
Blog Disclaimer
There are millions of entrepreneurs who want to come up with the next Google .
Maybe you are one of them .
You almost certainly know one .
Guess what ?
Google is afraid of you – haunted that the same disruptive forces which transformed the company from a garage project by two kids maxing out their credit cards into a global superpower in 10 short years could render them irrelevant .
Just like that .
“ The fear is the next Sergey and Larry will come up with a disruptive technology or service that will eliminate the need for Google , " Google vice president of online sales and operations John Herlihy told the Digital Landscapes conference at UCD , according to SiliconRepublic.com .
" That spurs us on to deliver the best quality return on investment to advertisers in an open and transparent partnership that works for them . "
Note the use of the word " eliminate . "
Sure , it 's a setup for the pablum that Google is doing great stuff , better than anyone , etc .
But the public expression of that a dominant – and feared – player is driven by that kind of metaphysical fatalism should give competitors as much pause as it does wannabees hope .
More enterprise survival tips from the horse 's mouth :
“ ( W ) e think that scarcity breeds clarity .
If , for example , we have enough resources invested in something , we halve it and eliminate overheads . "
“ ( W ) e ... celebrate failure .
Here ’s an analogy – the Roman legions used to send out scouts in different directions .
If a scout did n’t return , the army did n’t head in that direction .
We seek feedback at every opportunity on something – we either kill it , adjust it or redeploy resources . "
Herlihy also predicted the obsolescence of the desktop in a a few years , and that cloud computing and the mobile internet ( in which Google is heavily invested ) is the next wave – well covered by our friends over at Gadget Lab .
See Also :
It is the evil plan to extract more pain from us .
First the bring back a beloved show then they kill it again in much a worse way .
That is when the negative emotions vampires , that control the networks , sucks us dry .
Our friend Dave over at Blue Seat Blogs put this together , and was nice enough to share it with us .
It is a terrific breakdown of how the salary cap works , as well as buyouts , free agency , waivers , arbitration , and everything in between .
Best of all , he explains in a way even a dingbat like me can understand .
Since the off season is in full swing for us , I think it would be a good idea to start with an education for all of us of how it all works .
I guarantee you that by the time you finish reading this you will have a better understanding of how the NHL Salary Cap works .
Understanding the Cap
With the salary - cap era well underway , there are always questions about how the cap works , and that leads to questions on the CBA ( Collective Bargaining Agreement ) .
We are no masters of the CBA , but we generally understand the verbiage behind it regarding the salary cap , so let 's go through it :
Salary Cap Ceiling :
The maximum amount of money a team can spend on player salaries .
This number varies from year to year based on the NHL 's revenue from two seasons ago .
For example , the salary cap for the 2008 - 2009 season was set based on the NHL revenues from the 2006 - 2007 season .
The NHL is looking at a decreasing cap figure for the 2010 - 2011 season due to less revenues during the 2008 - 2009 season .
No player can earn more than 20 % of the salary cap
The minimum player salary will rise to $ 525,000 by 2011 - 2012
There is a clause in the CBA ( Collective Bargaining Agreement ) that allows the players to enact a 5 % increase on the cap ceiling .
This clause was enacted in June 2009 , thus preventing a decrease in the salary cap ceiling for the 2009 - 2010 season .
Salary Cap Floor : Similar to the salary cap ceiling , this is the minimum amount that a team must spend on player salaries .
This is more of a formality , but it prevents teams from intentionally tanking the season , and ensures players are paid market value .
This number is generally set as $ 16 million below the cap ceiling .
Salary Cap Hit :
The amount of salary cap room that a player takes up .
This number is calculated by the average dollar figure of the contract .
For example , Markus Naslund signed a two year , $ 8 million contract .
His cap hit for those two years is $ 4 million , despite the fact that he earned $ 5 million in the first year of the contract .
Weighted contracts have no effect on the cap hit .
For an explanation on why GMs are giving out such long term deals to free agents , and the affect these contracts have on the cap hit read my post here .
Performance Based Bonuses : Players on entry level contracts , veterans who have played over 400 games , players who sign a one year contract and are over 35 years old , or players who have spent 100 + days on the IR are all eligible for performance based bonuses .
These bonuses count against the following seasons cap .
Entry Level Deals : Entry level contracts are capped at $ 925,000 ( by 2011 ) .
These contracts vary in length .
For those aged 18 - 21 , the entry level contract is for three years , 22 - 23 are for two years , and 24 are for one year .
Entry Level Bonuses : Bonuses for entry level contracts are capped at 10 % of the players contract .
These bonuses count against the cap .
For example , Lauri Korpikoski's salary in 2008 - 2009 was roughly $ 900,000 , but his cap hit was over $ 1 million because of the signing bonus .
Waivers :
When a player is waived ( sent to the minors ) , each of the 29 NHL teams can put in a claim for the player .
In the case that more than one team puts in a claim for a waived player , the team with the worst record gets the claim .
The player is moved to the claiming team for the full ( or , if mid season , pro-rated ) salary cap hit .
If a player clears waivers , he can be reassigned to the minors , and the salary cap hit is cleared until the player is recalled .
Waiver Eligibility : Waiver eligibility is actually incredibly complicated , but the guys over at NHLSCap.com have a very detailed explanation of the process .
I 'm not going to rehash it here , so head over and check it out for a full definition of what exactly the waiver restrictions are .
In short , waiver eligibility depends on the age the player signs his first NHL contract , and the number of NHL games played , including playoffs .
There 's a nice table put together at NHLSCap .
Re-Entry Waivers :
When a player clears waivers , and is recalled to the NHL , he must pass through re-entry waivers .
Re-entry waivers is similar to regular waivers , however the claiming team can claim the player for 1 /2 of the players remaining salary , while the original team picks up the other 1/2 .
For example , if the Rangers claimed Sean Avery when he was initially waived , they were going to be on the hook for the full $ 4 million cap hit .
They claimed him on re-entry waivers , and thus only are responsible for the $ 2 million cap hit ( Dallas picks up the remaining $ 2 million ) .
Re-entry waiver eligibility is the same as waiver eligibility , described above .
Over 35 Signings :
If a player who , as of June 30 of the upcoming season , is over the age of 35 signs a multi - year deal , the signing team will take a cap hit for each year on the contract , regardless of if the player retires .
For example , if Chris Chelios signs a 3 year deal worth $ 2 million per year , and retires after the first year , the signing team still takes a $ 2 million cap hit for the remaining years on the contract .
However , since Markus Naslund 's 35th birthday was after June 30 , he was 34 as of June 30 , thus his retirement removes his cap hit .
Waiving a 35 + Signing :
In the event that a player signed to a 35 + contract is waived and sent to the minors , the NHL cap hit is reduced by $ 100,000 .
Restricted Free Agents :
A player set to become a restricted will become an unrestricted free agent if his current team does not make him a qualifying offer that adheres to the minimum raise policy of the CBA .
The deadline to qualify all RFA 's is June 29
Qualifying Offers : A qualifying offer must include the following minimum raises : Previous salary < $ 660,000 : 10 % increase in salary Previous salary < $ 1,000,000 : 5 % increase in salary Previous salary > $ 1,000,000 : Match previous season 's salary
RFA
Ages : A player remains a restricted free agent until his age 27 season .
No player can become an unrestricted free agent until he turns 27 .
Compensation for Offer Sheets :
If an RFA signs an offer sheet from a different team , the original team is entitled to compensation in the form of draft picks from the next year 's draft ( All figures are estimates , and change each season ) : Offer sheet < $ 860,000 annually :
No compensation Offer sheet between $ 860,000 - $ 1.3 million annually : 3rd round pick Offer sheet between $ 1.3 million - $ 2.6 million annually : 2nd round pick Offer sheet between $ 2.6 million - $ 4 million annually : 1st and 3rd round pick Offer sheet between $ 4 million - $ 5.2 million annually : 1st , 2nd , and 3rd round pick Offer sheet between $ 5.2 million - $ 6.5 million annually : Two 1sts , one 2nd , and one 3rd round pick Offer sheet >
$ 6.5 million annually : Four 1st round picks
) :
Arbitration : RFA 's that are eligible ( see below ) can file for arbitration if a contract agreement cannot be met .
Players filing for arbitration are protected from offer sheets , as described above .
In an arbitration hearing , both sides ( player , team ) present their case / argument to an impartial third party , who then comes to a decision based on the cases heard .
Cases are usually based around stats , tenure with the team , injury history , overall contribution , and a comparable players salary who signed as an RFA ( UFA salaries are inadmissible ) .
Eligibility : A player is eligible for arbitration if he meets one of the following criteria :
Players who have four years or more of professional experience under NHL contract .
( The exception to this rule is for players who started their pro careers in the 2004 - 05 lockout season , as that year does not count for determining salary arbitration eligibility ) .
Players whose age at signing their first NHL contract plus their number of years of pro experience under NHL contract adds up to 24 or more .
Eligibility is fairly complicated , so let 's use Brandon Dubinsky in 2009 as an example .
Dubinsky , born in 1986 ( 22 years old ) , signed with the Rangers for the 2005 - 2006 season ( played in the AHL ) .
He was 19 when he signed the deal , and has 4 years of professional level experience ( 2005 - 2006 thru 2008 - 2009 ) , since his age at contract signing ( 19 ) plus his NHL experience ( 4 ) is less than 24 ( 23 ) , he does not have arbitration rights .
He will have arbitration rights after the 2009 - 2010 season .
Buyouts : Buyouts are a more complicated business , as it requires some serious calculations .
A player over 26 can be bought out for 2/3 of his remaining contract worth .
Note , this is not the salary cap hit , this is the actual dollar amount left on the contract .
A player 26 and under can be bought out for 1/3 of his remaining contract .
Note , this is not the salary cap hit , this is the actual dollar amount left on the contract .
The cap hit for the buyout is calculated as follows : Calculate the buyout amount ( as explained above )
Spread the buyout amount evenly over twice the remaining years on the contract .
Take this amount , and subtract it from that year 's actual salary ( not the cap hit ) .
Let 's call this number the " savings "
Now , take the " savings " and deduct this from the cap hit ( not the actual salary ) .
This is your cap hit for the remaining years of the contract .
For the years that exceed the contract , the cap hit is the original buyout amount that was divided evenly across twice the years on the contract ( step 2 ) .
This is relatively complicated math .
Luckily , the guys over at CapGeek have a great tool for easily calculating the buyout .
I recommend using it .
Trade Deadline :
The trade deadline is the last day that general managers are allowed to make trades with other teams .
The date is generally set six weeks before the end of the season .
Post - Deadline Call - Ups :
After the trade deadline , teams are allowed a maximum of four AHL call - ups until the end of the season .
No Trade / Movement Clauses :
A player with a no trade clause must first approve the trade , and waive his no trade clause , in order to be traded .
A player with a no movement clause also has to approve a trade , but also has the ability to veto an assignment to the AHL .
A player with a no trade clause does not have the ability to veto an AHL assignment .
Limited No Trade Clause : A player with a limited no trade clause can select a number , usually determined at the signing of the contract , of teams that he will / will not accept a trade to .
The team must work within these limitations to trade the player .
Max Number of Contracts : NHL teams are only allowed to have a maximum of 50 NHL contracts .
This includes the NHL , AHL , and ECHL .
Picking Up Salary : Note that currently , GMs are not permitted to pick up a portion of a player 's salary / cap hit to alleviate possible trade complications .
Releasing Players :
Under the current CBA , GMs can not release players .
Once a player is signed , the life of the contract must be observed , or bought out .
The current CBA expires in September , 2011 .
As the economy stabilizes , Americans are returning to the labor force , suggesting their confidence in the job market is improving .
Some who had dropped out of the labor force because they could n't find jobs said they were searching again and landing more interviews than they had earlier in the downturn .
Some ...
Emma Wilkinson
Health reporter , BBC News
Men are not as ' tuned ' in to people 's feelings as women A nasal spray can make men more in tune with other people 's feelings , say a team of German and UK researchers .
They found that inhaling the " cuddle hormone " oxytocin made men just as empathetic as women .
The study in 48 volunteers also showed that the spray boosted the ability to learn from positive feedback .
Writing in the Journal of Neuroscience , the researchers said the spray may be useful for boosting behaviour therapy in conditions such as schizophrenia .
Oxytocin is a naturally produced hormone , most well - known for triggering labour pains and promoting bonding between mother and baby .
This study is the latest of several that suggest that intranasal oxytocin seems to ' sensitise ' people to become more aware of social cues from other individuals
Professor Gareth Leng
But it has also been shown to play a role in social relations , sex and trust .
Study leader Professor Keith Kendrick , a neuroscientist at Cambridge University , said by giving the hormone nasally , it quickly reaches the brain .
In the first part of the study , half the men received a nose spray containing oxytocin and half were given a dummy spray .
They were then shown photos of emotionally charged situations including a crying child , a girl hugging her cat , and a grieving man , and were asked questions about the depth of feeling they had towards the subjects .
Those who had the hormone spray had markedly higher levels of empathy - of a similar magnitude to those only usually seen in women who are naturally more sensitive to the feelings of others .
Neither group were able to accurately guess whether they had received the oxytocin or the dummy spray .
Positive feedback
In a second experiment , the researchers measured " socially motivated learning " where the volunteers were asked to do a difficult observation test and were shown an approving face if they got the answer right and an unhappy face if they got it wrong .
In these types of experiments , people generally learn faster if they get positive feedback but those who had taken the oxytocin spray responded even better to facial feedback than those in the placebo group .
Professor Kendrick said the oxytocin spray may prove to be useful in people with conditions associated with reduced social approachability and social withdrawal , such as schizophrenia .
And other researchers are already looking at its potential use in autism .
" The bottom line is it improved the ability of people to learn when they had positive feedback and that is pretty important because this might help improve the effectiveness of behavioural therapy or even be useful in people with learning difficulties . "
Professor Gareth Leng from Edinburgh University said the research used some cleverly - designed tests .
He added there has been a lot of interest recently on oxytocin and social behaviour .
" This study is the latest of several that suggest that intranasal oxytocin seems to ' sensitise ' people to become more aware of social cues from other individuals - and more likely to be sympathetic to them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Roboat
Recent events , like the devastating tsunami in Asia , the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in Gulf of Mexico , accidents involving refugee boats off the coast of Lampedusa , Italy , and pirate activities in the Gulf of Aden have clearly emphasized impressively the importance of a fully integrated ocean observation system .
Robotic sailing boats represent a rapidly emerging technology for various tasks on lakes and oceans .
They offer the possibility of sampling an area of interest with high temporal and spatial resolution at low cost .
The ASV Roboat is the world 's leading Robotic sailboat and has been in development by a INNOC research team since 2006 .
Robotic sail boats perform the complex manoeuvres of sailing fully automatically and without human assistance .
The team won several international competitions including four times the World Robotic Sailing Championships .
The Opera Browser main page is seen in a handout photo .
REUTERS / Handout
HELSINKI ( Reuters ) - Opera Software ’s Internet browser for Apple ’s iPhone was downloaded more than one million times during the first day when it was available to consumers , the Norwegian firm said on Thursday .
On April 13 Apple accepted distribution of Opera ’s browser for its iPhone after a long review , opening a new and potentially lucrative market it has so far closely guarded .
“ Apple said ‘ Yes ’ , and iPhone users around the world said , ‘ Yes , please ’ , ” Opera said in a statement .
Opera ’s browser promises up to six times faster download speeds than Apple ’s own browser , and to cut data traffic by up to 90 percent .
Massive data traffic from iPhone mobile phones has caused problems for many operators ’ networks .
65 - year - old Danny DeVito rocked his entire face off at a techno - trance concert at the Coachella music festival -- fist pumpin ' like crazy in a sea of crazed fans ... and topless people .
It all went down during the Deadmau5 show -- where Danny fist pumped like he was on an episode of " Jersey Shore " ... and the guys at Newestra.com caught it all on camera .
Good Doctor
Who monsters have to come back - it 's a rule .
But my feeling is that you always have to bring back a monster and do something different with it .
So although Blink was a very popular episode , it was also a very spooky , cerebral episode .
These Weeping Angels episodes are really the polar opposite , these are like a big action movie - albeit an action movie with bad guys that can't actually move !
It 's a very different feeling .
Last time , the implication was that they were hiding out on earth , as scavengers who are just surviving - they did n't have a big terrible plan .
This time there really is a big terrible plan which goes beyond mere survival , and is almost like a war .
The best way to explain the difference between Blink and these two episodes would be to say that I think the best conceived movie sequel ever was Aliens following Alien .
It took the same monster into an entirely different type of film .
That is very roughly the model for this .
Blink was a small , low - key one and this is the highly coloured , loud , action - movie one .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
Filming this scene ( above ) was a completely surreal experience .
I 'm used to the fact that in television the first day of filming will probably be something fairly inconsequential and involve a minor character getting shot , or a close up of a hand or something .
It 's not usually something big and iconic .
But , by sheer chance , the very first scene that we shot involved The Doctor and Amy arriving on a planet with River Song and looking at the crashed spaceship .
So it could n't have been more iconic - the Tardis was there !
It was also perfect paparazzi fodder because it had everything you could possibly have , which was n't intentional actually .
I vividly remember arriving on that beach .
I saw the Tardis in the distance , which was very much the culmination of all that time waiting to get started - which you could argue was two and a half years , or 40 years for me .
First walking onto a big , grand , typical Doctor Who location and seeing the bright blue box waiting was so odd for me .
We'd be so careful up to that point , and not put the Doctor Who name on any of our signs but still the paparazzi and fans found us within about 20 minutes !
I was stood on set with my phone , looking at pictures of myself which fans had taken already on the web .
On one occasion I saw a photograph of myself watching the filming , which had been uploaded so quickly that I had n't moved from the position I was in by the time it was on the web !
My other memory is of this day ending early because the tide came in unexpectedly .
I did slightly wonder if this would be the shape of things to come .
That scene on the beach was about three pages longer originally .
The rain on the second day of filming was so torrential that I suggested I could cut three pages , provided I could relocate them in a new Tardis scene .
I ended up adding the scene which sits immediately after the credits , with River flying the Tardis better than The Doctor .
That 's a lovely scene , and a much better start to the show , but it 's all a consequence of torrential rain and the tide coming in .
On the second day I ended up sat in the production van , very grumpy , hastily rewriting scenes .
The story of those two days is really about the plunge from the extraordinary romantic beginning with the Tardis and the big iconic scene , to the reality of actually trying to film it .
It was a great lesson in having to cut pages and deal with the reality of the challenges we face .
Later on in the episode there 's a really nice accidental moment where The Doctor hangs from the strap on the ceiling and it breaks .
The very first time Matt did it , it was an accident - he was n't supposed to do that , it 's just typical Matt , breaking everything - but the director liked it , so he kept it in .
The version we see on screen is n't the real accident , it 's him doing it on purpose , but I do think it is very funny .
I think particularly the looks from the girls and the fact that he does n't mention it at all - he just tries to carry it off as a sort of Stan Laurel moment .
It 's extremely charming .
I think the thing that has come back with Matt is the idea that The Doctor is a bit silly at times .
He 's a slightly silly old buffer in a few ways .
We find out he 's a bit rubbish at flying the Tardis and he trips over his feet and breaks things .
Both Chris and David were quite cool Doctors , and while Matt certainly is n't short on cool , he has an amazing clumsiness .
He 's halfway between Indiana Jones and Stan Laurel .
The Doctor has a belief that he is cooler than he actually is .
For instance in that first episode where he yells " Who da man ? " and everybody cringes .
It 's those moments that really show where the old man comes through in Matt 's performance , because there is nothing wrong with a young man shouting that , the awkwardness is when your dad tries to say it .
That 's The Doctor through and through .
Steven Moffat is executive producer and lead writer for Doctor Who .
The Time Of The Angels can be viewed on iPlayer .
Part two of the story - Flesh and Stone - will be broadcast on BBC One at 6.25 pm on Saturday , 1 May
For three long years , Daniele K. attacked his stepdaughter again and again .
Her suffering began soon after little Marie* ( 6 ) celebrated her sixth birthday .
The mother realised what was going on – but instead of going to the police , she filmed the crimes as a perverse memento for her husband .
Now horror parents Janine and Daniele K. ( both 30 ) are in court in Darmstadt , Hesse facing charges of child abuse .
Like a coward , the stepfather hid his face behind a blue folder .
He told the judge quietly : “ It started in the bath tub and then it just kept going and escalating . ”
According to the prosecution , the truck driver groped the child and forced her to touch him .
Daniele K. confessed : “ I also watched child porn . ”
For a long time the mother did not want to notice what was going on in the family .
Daniele K. added : “ It was never planned , but it overcame me .
In each case it only happened when my wife was not at home . ”
At least until August 2008 .
The accused said : “ We had made it cosy for the three of us in the living room .
My wife went into the kitchen in order to get some nibbles . ”
In the meantime , the stepfather groped Marie , then aged seven .
“ When my wife came back into the room , it went straight to oral sex .
My wife filmed that . ”
In the course of that evening , Marie ’s stepfather is said to have raped her repeatedly – all in front of the mother !
Sickeningly , Janine K. filmed her child ’s agony on her mobile phone .
The perverse parents loaded the video up onto their computer where the police later found more than 15,000 child pornos .
In the summer of 2009 , Marie had to see a child psychologist because she kept wetting the bed .
The abuse was uncovered and the youngster needed six months of treatment .
Marie and her two sisters , aged three and six , now live with foster families .
A judgement is due in the case on March 8 .
The horror parents are facing up to ten years in jail .
* Name changed
Related news
Germany 's worst child molester Christoph G. is on trial for abusing twin boys – now the father of the victims Christian S. is also under suspicion .
A simple , realist summary of exactly what Goldman Sachs is being accused .
The ideologues are great for punchlines and last - word tactics .
Max Keiser and Matt Taibbi‘s provocative styles aside , they ’re the realists who are doing a great job of educating the population while the mainstream media is treating Goldman Sachs as if its behavior is morally neutral and the problem is not enough law .
As someone who does understand Goldman ’s crimes , it ’s frustrating to watch the media deliberately confuse passionate , active , concerned people .
It ’s all one - liner ’s or too much jibber - jabber .
The problem is that Goldman ’s actions were immoral , illegal and collect profits through their shares while the global population have the risk at stake .
Mr. Keiser ’s classification of Goldman ’s actions as “ economic terrorism ” , therefore , is not hyperbole .
The problem is lack of prosecution , not lack of regulation ; it ’s the difference between liability and additional overhead .
M.S. breaks it down real well for a novice , as financial crimes can be difficult to understand .
This is dangerous because the ideologues control the narrative by playing on emotions while the realists are pretentiously wonky .
From his “ Democracy in America ” blog at The Economist :
Credit default swaps ( CDSs ) are a type of insurance .
There are two kinds of things you ca n’t buy insurance on… .
You ca n’t kill yourself and collect on life insurance , or burn down your own house and collect on fire insurance … .
It ’s perfectly legal and morally upstanding to short the housing market .
If you think housing is overvalued , and you can find a way to bet against it , you ’re helping to prevent a bubble .
It ’s also perfectly legitimate , if you think housing is not overvalued but are n’t entirely sure , to hedge your bets by buying some derivatives that will pay off in case of a fall in housing .
Hedging your bets will shrink your profits , no matter which way the market goes , but that may be an acceptable price to pay for lower risk .
But what ’s neither legal , nor morally upstanding , is to sell housing - based securities to clients who ’ve hired you as a financial advisor , telling them the securities will appreciate because the housing market will continue to rise , while privately you ’re shorting the housing market , betting that it will go down .
Goldman Sachs stands accused of doing both these things : insuring itself against something it actually controlled , and selling its customers securities based on assets it was privately shorting .
RELATED :
' HiWish ' First Picks
' HiWish ' First Picks
Boulder Strewn Plain in Northern Utopia Planitia
This image in the Cydnus Rupes region of northern Utopia Planitia is an excellent example of the rock and boulder strewn landscapes common to the northern plains of Mars .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
› Full image and caption
Mesas in Aureum Chaos
This image reveals meter - scale ( yard - scale ) surface textures of mesas and knobs in the Aureum Chaos region of Mars .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
› Full image and caption
Collapsing Volcano : Edge of Olympus Mons
This image covers the northern edge of the largest volcano in the solar system , Olympus Mons on Mars .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
› Full image and caption
Dunes on Floor of Samara Valles , Mars
The High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter recorded this image on March 4 , 2010 of Samara Valles , one of the longest ancient valley systems on Mars .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
› Full image and caption
Deposits on the Floor of Palos Crater
This image shows a portion of the floor in Palos Crater on equatorial Mars .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
› Full image and caption
Dust - Mantled Topography near Zephyria Tholus
This image covers some high - standing topography just outside the rim of an impact crater about 30 kilometers ( 19 miles ) in diameter near a Martian hill named Zephyria Tholus .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
› Full image and caption
Lobate Debris Apron in Deuteronilus Mensae
The terrain in this image lies in the Deuteronilus Mensae region along the highland - lowland dichotomy boundary in the northern hemisphere of Mars .
Image Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona
› Full image and caption
Icy Layers and Climate Fluctuations near the Martian North Pole
The Shot Heard ' Round the World
Famous Moments in Early American History
Short Educational Films of Noteworthy Events
On April 19 , 1775 - where once the embattled farmers stood , and fired the shot heard round the world , the War for Independence had now begun !
The Dirty Underside of Lula ’s Clean Energy Revolution
When you fill up your car with a gasoline and ethanol blend most likely you are burning ethyl alcohol produced from U.S. corn .
A few years from now , however , your commute may be powered by ethanol made from sugar cane cultivated in the Brazilian cerrado .
An economic powerhouse dynamically bursting forth on to the world stage , Brazil is the Earth ’s largest producer of sugar cane ethanol .
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva has jumped on the ethanol bandwagon , repeatedly remarking that his country ’s fortunes depend on a future in which " we plant and harvest fuel . "
In São Paulo , a sprawling city of 18 million , motorists can fill up their tanks with either gasoline or ethanol , known in Brazil as alcool .
Most opt for ethanol , not surprising given that this biofuel costs half the price of gasoline .
Though Brazil ’s exploration of ethanol production goes back to the 1920s , it was n’t until the 1970s that the industry started to gain any traction .
Buffeted by the oil price shock of 1973 , the country ’s military dictators grew concerned about Brazil ’s reliance on foreign imports of fossil fuels .
Their solution : Pour government subsidies into the sugar industry and mandate ethanol distribution at the pumps .
Today one can buy so - called " flex - fuel " cars ( known as carros flex in Portuguese ) that run on gasoline , ethanol , or any combination of both .
Because ethanol is cheap , the public has bought up the cars , and currently a full 90 percent of new vehicles sold can run on alcool .
There ’s no escaping it : Brazil has become deeply committed to ethanol , and economists expect that " alcohol fever " could attract some $ 100 billion in investment .
The industry hopes that this will lead to the construction of one hundred new distilleries by 2012 , by which time domestic ethanol production will have doubled .
On the surface of it , Brazil ’s ethanol boom has proven to be both economically and environmentally desirable .
The sugar cane - based fuel is 30 percent less expensive to produce than the corn - based variety coming from Iowa .
Sugar ethanol is also efficient :
One acre of sugar cane can yield more than twice as much ethanol as an acre of corn .
Compared to corn , sugar cane also looks pretty environmentally friendly : Brazilian farmers use less fossil fuel to convert sugar cane to alcohol than Iowa ’s farmers do to produce corn ethanol .
Even better , plant waste from sugar cane can be used to produce heat and electricity right in the distillery itself .
As a result of its turn toward ethanol , Brazil avoided emitting 600 million tons of carbon between 1974 and 2004 .
So what ’s with environmentalists who complain about ethanol — wo n’t they ever be satisfied ?
While sugar cane ethanol is certainly less ecologically destructive than some other biofuels , the industry ’s boosters have overlooked one key fact :
You ’ve got to plant sugar cane somewhere .
One could n’t pick a worse place to harvest cane than Brazil ’s Atlantic rainforest .
There , sugar cane crops have led to deforestation and , paradoxically , more carbon emissions .
It ’s difficult to imagine that a serene and pastoral landscape lies just beyond São Paulo .
Take a bus through the city and the miles and miles of grey industrial factories stretch on forever .
But nearby is the Atlantic rainforest , also known as the Mata Atlântica .
When the first Portuguese explorers stepped ashore in 1500 A.D. , the forest may have covered more than 500,000 square miles , or approximately one - fifth the size of the current Amazon jungle lying 500 miles to the northwest .
To put it in perspective , that ’s an area about twice the size of the state of Texas .
Located in the Brazilian south and southeast , the Atlantic rainforest ranged all the way up to the Northeast in a long coastal strip .
In some areas the forest even extended a full 300 miles inland or more and encompassed a broad spectrum of habitats , including coastal mangrove thickets and mountain massifs 3,000 feet high , covered in broad - leaved evergreens and conifers .
In a bad omen , one of the first things the Portuguese explorers did was to chop down a tree .
They then built a cross out of it and celebrated Mass , claiming the land and rainforest for God and king .
In short order the Portuguese went to work , cutting down trees and releasing the carbon stored in the rainforest .
In 1525 , the Portuguese began to grow sugar cane and introduced the crop to the Atlantic rainforest .
Then , the colonists shipped six million African slaves to Brazil to do the cutting .
Over the next five hundred years the Atlantic rainforest bore the brunt of Brazil ’s economic development .
The country ’s eastern seaboard has long been the main population and industry center — 70 percent of Brazil ’s people live there and the area includes huge cities like São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro .
Over time , Brazil lost about 93 percent of the Atlantic rainforest and today only tiny remnants of the ecosystem remain .
Today , Rio and São Paulo are congested mega-cities , yet try as it might Brazil cannot escape its colonial sugar legacy .
Just outside the urban center ethanol producers have set up shop in the Atlantic rainforest , and last year the government fined two dozen of these firms for illegally clearing the land .
After the authorities clamped down the companies were obliged to restore 143,000 acres of rainforest .
Whatever the environmental advantages of ethanol , this thriving business now threatens our Earth ’s climate balance by its destruction of the Atlantic rainforest .
It is ironic that a supposedly green industry could wind up imperiling such a valuable habitat .
Though it ’s a fraction of the size of the Amazon , the Atlantic rainforest contains a similar range of biological diversity .
Consider :
The area has about 2,200 species of birds , mammals , reptiles , and amphibians .
There are almost 200 bird species and 21 species of primates in the Atlantic rainforest that are not found anywhere else in the world .
Furthermore , there are approximately 20,000 species of plants , representing 8 percent of the world ’s total , and new species of flora and fauna continue to be discovered .
Among biological hotspots — environmentally threatened regions with a high number of species encountered nowhere else in the world — the Atlantic rainforest ranks as one of the top five .
The environmental destruction unleashed by ethanol in the Atlantic rainforest is troubling enough , but what if sugar cane were to lead to more deforestation in other sensitive areas ?
Today the Brazilian sugar cane industry is centered in the state of São Paulo — drive just an hour out of the city and you can see sugar cane fields stretching for hundreds of miles .
Palmares Paulista is a rural agricultural town 230 miles from São Paulo .
Behind rusty gates lies a squalid red - brick tenement building .
Inside , weary migrant workers breathe the stale air and try to prepare themselves as best they can for the long day ahead .
The cortadores de cana , or sugar cane workers , are crammed into tiny cubicles filled with rickety bunk beds and unpacked bags .
They hail from the poverty - stricken , drought - plagued northeast and earn paltry wages .
Despite the hellish conditions for the workers , ethanol has been able to sell itself to the public on its ability to reduce carbon emissions .
Again , however , there are other greenhouse gases to consider besides carbon dioxide .
The Brazilian ethanol industry uses more than 240,000 tons of nitrogen fertilizer per year at a cost of about $ 150 million .
At a public senate hearing in Brasilia called to discuss climate change , experts expressed concern that nitrogen fertilizers used in conjunction with sugar cane production yielded nitrous oxide .
What ’s more , when you cut cane by hand you ’ve got to set controlled fires in the fields to smoke out razorsharp leaves , nasty snakes , and tarantulas .
In the middle of the night , plantations look like a war zone as burning fields light up the sky and the wind blows billowing smoke clouds far and wide .
Not only do the burnings pollute the air with soot , causing a number of illnesses , but they also release methane , a potent greenhouse gas , and nitrous oxide .
Public officials declare that ethanol will not lead to deforestation in the Amazon or exacerbate climate change .
They say that the particular soils and rainy weather characteristic of the rainforest are not suitable for the growth of sugar cane .
Agriculture minister Reinhold Stephanes has been quoted as saying that " Cane does not exist in Amazonia . "
In a withering blow to Stephanes ’s credibility , however , authorities recently raided a sugar cane plantation in the state of Pará where 1,000 workers were laboring under appalling debt slavery conditions .
In all , environmentalists claim , hundreds of thousands of acres of sugar cane have been planted in the Amazon .
Even if there are only a few cane plantations operating in the Amazon , ethanol may exert an indirect impact on the rainforest through a phenomenon known as " agricultural displacement . "
Though the state of São Paulo is located far from the Amazon rainforest , the sugar cane there can drive other crops toward the agricultural frontier .
In the state of São Paulo , sugar cane has been planted on former pastureland and this has pushed cattle into Mato Grosso .
Hundreds of thousands of cattle are moving into the Amazon every year as a result of displacement by ethanol in the state of São Paulo alone , say environmentalists .
This migration is becoming all the more likely since one can purchase 800 hectares of land in the Amazon for the price of just one hectare in São Paulo .
Additionally , some soy plantations in the center of the country have been turned over to ethanol production , prompting concern among environmentalists that this will lead soy producers to move into the Amazon .
And local observers say that sugar cane plantations are already pushing soy farmers and ranchers into the rainforest .
There ’s been a fierce back and forth between European and Brazilian officials on the question of biofuels .
The top scientist at the U.K .
Department for the Environment recently warned that mandating more biofuel use as proposed by the European Union would be " insane , " as this would lead to an increase in greenhouse gases .
Sweden , the only European country that already imports Brazilian ethanol for its public transportation system , used to think biofuels were heaven but now believes they are hell .
After allegations that some Brazilian sugar cutters were paid paltry wages , were underage , and even perished at a young age from exhaustion , Swedish motorists threatened to cease their use of this supposedly green fuel .
To make matters worse for the burgeoning Brazilian ethanol industry , the United Nations has added its voice to the chorus of critics .
Achim Steiner , head of the body ’s environment program , declared that growing international demand for ethanol would threaten the Amazon if safeguards were not put in place .
Shooting back at critics across the Atlantic , President Lula said that biofuels were actually an effective weapon in the struggle against global warming .
Lula chided Europe further , claiming that the developed world was simply jealous of Brazil ’s emergence as a major agricultural powerhouse .
" Just when Brazil appears on the world stage not as a bit part actor but as the lead in a play about agricultural production … people start to get uncomfortable , very uncomfortable . "
Furthermore , the Brazilian politician remarked , European competitors were using the environment as a red herring to stall Brazil ’s biofuel industry .
" We have adversaries that will make up any kind of slander against the quality of ethanol , " Lula declared .
But as Brazil attempts to roll into an ethanol - fueled future , the attacks Lula denounces will become increasingly valid .
This is going to be one bizarre day …
I watched a segment from Glenn Beck and not only did it not make me want to puke , but I agreed with him .
Share this : Reddit
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Rails 3.0 Beta : 36 Links and Resources To Get You Going
By Peter Cooper
Whenever something 's a really " big deal " in the Ruby world , we cover it - even if it makes more sense on Rails Inside ( which is now switching to a user contributions model ) .
Given that , we 've gone through all the latest and greatest Rails 3.0 related links and put together a ton of them to help you on your way with the recently released Rails 3.0 beta .
Enjoy !
Getting Started / Must Reads
Rails 3.0 Release Notes -
An epic amount of documentation from the Rails Guides project .
If you 're already pretty familiar with Rails 2.x and just want to know what 's new and updated , this is the place to look first .
If you read this whole page , you 'll get a good feel for what you need to pick up next .
The Path to Rails 3 : Greenfielding New Apps With The Rails 3 Beta - Jeremy McAnally has written an awesome practical guide to setting up Rails 3 beta and creating a new app from scratch .
Of note is his coverage of the new app generator and configuration system .
He gets you as far as finishing off some scaffolding and even adding some tests .
Rails 3 Introduction - A two week old post by Jeremy McAnally that provides a high level introduction to Rails 3 .
What is it , why is it ?
And so forth .
He demonstrates how Rails has moved from a monolithic , packaged " deal " to an ecosystem of more loosely coupled libraries that work together .
How To Install Rails 3.0 Beta -
Our own guide to getting Rails 3.0 up and running .
Sure , it 's only two lines , but we beat the official Rails blog by 4 minutes on this *g *
RailsPlugins.org - A new Rails plugins directory .
Upgrading & Preparing Your Existing Apps
Geoffrey Grosenbach 's Rails 3 Upgrade Screencast - Geoffrey Grosenbach ( of PeepCode fame ) has put together a free screencast demonstrating how to migrate a Rails 2.x app to Rails 3.0 .
A very high quality production .
rails_upgrade Plugin -
An official plugin that runs checks on your Rails 2.x application and notifies you of obvious things that need to be changed for Rails 3.0 usage .
It 's unlikely to give you full coverage of every issue , but as a general overview it 's pretty cool .
5 Things You Can Do Today to Make Your App Ready for Rails 3 - A short post that recommends you start to use Bundler , use inherited_resources , use rails_xss , use more named scopes , and change your references to certain constants .. all in your existing app so it 's easier to upgrade to 3.0 later .
Rails 3 Ready Plugins -
If you 're heavily dependant on a certain plugin , see if it 's already on the confirmed Yes / No list of plugins that do / do n't work with Rails 3.0 .
It 's still a short list so if you 're a plugin maintainer , be sure to add your plugin if you know either way !
How to upgrade plugins to Rails 3.0 - A fresh and code heavy look at how to make some basic changes to upgrade a Rails 2.x plugin to Rails 3.x standards !
Rails 3.0 Libraries and Components
Active Record Query Interface 3.0 - Pratik Naik demonstrates ActiveRecord 's finder methods and shows how a number of techniques are being deprecated in Rails 3.1 .
In essence , queries move away from a single find * method packed with arguments to a chain of methods performed upon a simpler find .
There are lots of good code examples in here !
Why Arel ? is also a great introduction to this topic and shows the motivation and theory behind the " relational algebra " in ActiveRecord 3 .
ActiveModel : Make Any Ruby Object Feel Like ActiveRecord - Yehuda Katz introduces us to the new ActiveModel system in Rails 3.0 by showing us how we can use it to make any Ruby class feel like an old - school ActiveRecord model .
All of this is a result of splitting out the model and database behavior from ActiveRecord into separate libraries , thus removing the necessity for a database backend ( or nasty hacks ) .
Render Options in Rails 3 - Yehuda Katz looks at how Rails 3's rendering pipeline works and demonstrates how to add a custom PDF renderer to it .
Generic Actions in Rails 3 - Yehuda Katz ( again ! ) shows us how to create clever " generic actions " to do things like redirections direct from the routes file and generic template rendering .
It 's also worth a look for the discussion on route matcher changes .
Making Generators for Rails 3 With Thor - David Trasbo demonstrates how to use
Thor ( essentially a better Rake - sorta ) to produce new generators for Rails 3 projects .
This is a code heavy walkthrough .
There 's more on generators here .
New ActionMailer API in Rails 3.0 - Mikel Lindsaar got stuck in and built a much improved mail library for Ruby .
This new " mail " library is now the new foundation of ActionMailer in Rails 3.0 .
In this article , Mikel gives a tour of how it works and how you can put together mails quickly and easily from within Rails 3.0 apps .
Validations in Rails 3.0 - Mikel Lindsaar shows how validations have changed in Rails 3.0 .
Instead of being a part of ActiveRecord , they 're now in ActiveModel and can be used on non-DB related objects too !
The old school validation methods are still around but now there are some other , cleaner ways to accomplish the same things ..
Mikel shows you how .
Rails3_DataMapper - A library that gets DataMapper working on Rails 3 .
It was updated just yesterday and people have been recommending it on Twitter .
If you 're a DataMapper user , check it out !
Update :
There 's now a tutorial on getting DataMapper running on Rails 3 beta !
The Rails Module - Nick Quaranto looks at how constants like RAILS_ROOT , RAILS_ENV and RAILS_DEFAULT_LOGGER have been deprecated in favor of accessing methods stored in the global Rails module ( e.g. : Rails.root , Rails.env , Rails.logger ) .
Rails 3 I18N Changes - José Valim looks at some internationalization ( i18n ) changes in Rails 3.0 over 2.x - along with basic examples .
Insights
A Retrospective - Rails 3 core team member Yehuda Katz looks back at the past year and analyzes the key changes .
This is worth reading if you want a softer , more thoughtful , higher level view than the release notes provide .
My 5 Favorite Things About Rails 3 -
It 's a few months old , but Yehuda Katz takes a look at some of the sticking points of Rails 2.x and shows how Rails 3 provides significant improvements .
Misc
Webbynode Gets Rails 3 Support for Rapid Deployment - Hosting company Webbynode shows how you can deploy a Rails 3.0 app to their VPS system with just a single command line entry .
It 's a bit like Heroku but more powerful and customizable .
Of course , you have to pay for the VPS , but hey :-)
It 's also demonstrated how you can run a Rails and PHP app side by side on the same system .
How to Install Rails 3.0 Beta on Ubuntu Linux - An Ubuntu - specific guide to setting up a basic Ruby 1.9 and Rails 3.0 beta stack .
Let Your SQL Growl in Rails 3.0 - Gavin Stark demonstrates how he tweaked Rails 3.0 to put out Growl notifications for all SQL queries performed by ActiveRecord .
Cute trick .
Exploring Rails 3 Free Online Conference - O'Reilly and RailsConf are putting on a free two hour online conference that features Yehuda Katz , Gregg Pollack , Jeremy Kemper and Ryan Tomayko talking about different parts of the Rails 3.0 ecosystem .
It takes place on February 18 , 2010 .
Signed and Permanent Cookies in Rails 3 - Pratik
Naik demonstrates how to set " permanent " cookies in Rails 3.0 , more easily than in previous versions , all thanks to a new cookies .
permanent object .
Extending Rails 3 Video - Yehuda Katz in an hour long talk demonstrating how to extend Rails 3.0 .
New Rails Logos - Wanna use a Rails logo somewhere without obvious licensing or trademark issues ?
Check out our little contest / brewing pot of public domain logos over at Rails Inside !
How to Build Sinatra on Rails 3 - Yehuda Katz gives a code heavy demonstration of how to get a basic Sinatra application working within a Rails 3 app .
Unobtrusive JavaScript in Rails 3 - A very old post looking at some of the changes being made to JavaScript helpers in Rails 3.0 .
Changes in Rails 3.0 for Agile Web Development with Rails Edition 3 - The Pragmatic Programmers are keeping a page with changes necessary for the popular AWDWR book to keep it working with Rails 3 .
Good to look at it if you 're learning from this book !
Rails 3 App Generator Script -
Want to get a complete , scaffolded Rails 3 app up in seconds ?
This script will get you on your way .
MooTools Driver for Rails 3 Helpers - Rails 3 is now JavaScript framework agnostic , and if you want to use MooTools , here 's some info on how to go about it .
North Korean Rails 3.0 Launch Party - Everyone 's in on the festivities !
NEW !
Bundle Me Some Rails -
A walk through using the new Gem bundler with Rails 3.0 by Mikel Lindsaar .
Another Rails 3 Link List - Michael Bumann started to keep a list of Rails 3.0 links a few days ago , so there might be others not covered here .
Just found another one by Melvin Ram too .
Logo at top of post courtesy of Dylan Clendenin .
See more new , unofficial Rails logos and / or submit your own !
[ news ] @peterc here !
My next " big thing " is a new site called coder.io .
If you 're into technologies like Ruby , Git , Python , the iPhone , MySQL , JavaScript , Clojure , etc , you might want to get on the coming soon list for some eventual freebies / bonuses along with exclusive early access .
Thanks !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The opposition in Kyrgyzstan says it has dissolved parliament and taken power , after a bloody uprising forced the president to flee the capital .
Opposition leader Roza Otunbayeva , an ex-foreign minister , said the interim government was fully in control .
She urged President Kurmanbek Bakiyev to resign but in a statement quoted by Kyrgyz news agencies he has refused .
Clashes in the capital , Bishkek , and other towns left 75 dead and more than 1,000 hurt , the health ministry said .
What we did yesterday was our answer to the repression and tyranny against the people by the Bakiyev regime
Roza Otunbayeva
Q&A : Kyrgyzstan unrest Kyrgyz voices : ' Uncertain situation '
In pictures : Kyrgyzstan revolt Violence leaves uncertainty Violence initially broke out in the provincial town of Talas on Tuesday and spread to the capital Bishkek , where demonstrators marched on government buildings , and another town , Naryn , on Wednesday .
Mr Bakiyev , who came to power in a revolution in the central Asian state five years ago - reportedly flew out of the capital on Wednesday to travel to the city of Osh in his home region of Jalalabad .
A statement attributed to Mr Bakiyev that appeared on the 24.kg news website quoted him as blaming the opposition for the violence and saying he would not resign .
Reuters news agency reported scuffles in Osh on Thursday between hundreds of Bakiyev supporters and members of the opposition who had taken over a government building .
AT THE SCENE Richard Galpin , BBC News , Bishkek Looting continues here in the capital , particularly of the offices of the President Kurmanbek Bakiyev .
The leaders of the opposition have moved quickly to announce that they are now in control after setting up what they call a temporary popular government until fresh elections can be held .
They say the armed forces are now under their command .
But the president has not resigned , raising fears there could be further violence if he manages to mobilise his supporters .
All this will particularly worrying for the US military , which relies on a large air base near the Kyrgyz capital to send troops and supplies into Afghanistan .
At a news conference , the head of the interim government said it would meet with American diplomats to discuss the air base , but stressed it needed time to decide what it is going to do .
The scene in Bishkek on Thursday was calm , with the opposition apparently in control of the government headquarters .
There was widespread looting and gunfire during the night in the capital .
Speaking at a packed news conference , Ms Otunbayeva said an interim government - which would remain in power until elections are held in six months - was fully in control of the country and had appointed new ministers .
She said Mr Bakiyev was trying to rally support in the south and urged him to resign , saying : " His business here is over . "
Ms Otunbayeva went on : " What we did yesterday was our answer to the repression and tyranny against the people by the Bakiyev regime .
" You can call this revolution .
You can call this a people 's revolt .
Either way , it is our way of saying that we want justice and democracy . "
The BBC's Rayhan Demytrie in Bishkek says Mr Bakiyev has a large support base in the south but it remains to be seen how many people there will turn out for him and whether he will try to fight back with their backing .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Kyrgyzstan is a strategically important central Asian state and houses a Russian base and a key US military base that supplies forces in Afghanistan .
The US suspended military flights on Wednesday .
Ms Otunbayeva said the " status quo would remain " regarding the bases but that some questions had to be considered .
Ismail Isakov , named interim defence minister , has affirmed that the country 's armed forces and border guards are under the control of the interim government .
Russian paratroopers
On Thursday , UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said it was " time to work urgently in establishing constitutional order " in Kyrgyzstan .
TIMELINE : KYRGYZSTAN UNREST
March 2005 : Protests over disputed parliamentary election , dubbed the Tulip Revolution , lead to fall of President Askar Akayev ; Kurmanbek Bakiyev appointed acting president and PM July 2005 : Mr Bakiyev elected president by a landslide May 2006 : Mass protests demand constitutional reform and more action to combat corruption October 2007 : Referendum approves constitutional changes , which the opposition present as a step towards authoritarianism December 2007 : Mr Bakiyev 's Ak Zhol party wins parliamentary poll ; opposition left with no seats July 2009 : Mr Bakiyev re-elected in vote criticised by monitors January 2010 : Opposition leader Ismail Isakov jailed for eight years for corruption , sparking opposition hunger strikes April 2010 : Clashes between police and anti-government protesters leave 65 dead
Kyrgyz crisis : Eyewitness accounts Country profile : Kyrgyzstan Hub of superpowers ' plans Announcing he would be sending a UN envoy to the country immediately , Mr Ban said : " There are difficult social and economic issues underlying the unrest . "
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and Ms Otunbayeva held telephone talks , Moscow said .
" It is important that the conversation was held with her in her role as the head of the government of national trust , " Mr Putin 's spokesman Dmitry Peskov told Reuters .
The Russian chief of staff of the armed forces said an extra 150 paratroopers were being sent to Russia 's Kant military base , near Bishkek , to ensure the security of Russian personnel there .
Moscow has denied playing any role in the unrest .
The United States said it deplored the violence and urged " respect for the rule of law " .
On Thursday , European Union foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton said the EU was offering emergency humanitarian aid to help stabilise the nation .
" I call on all sides to show continued restraint .
A rapid return to public order is essential to avoid further loss , " she said .
A Chinese foreign ministry statement said it was " deeply concerned " about events in Kyrgyzstan , which shares a 533 - mile ( 858 km ) border with China , and hoped order could be restored soon .
Mr Bakiyev , 60 , came to power amid a wave of street protests in 2005 known as the Tulip Revolution , but many of his allies have deserted him claiming intimidation and corruption .
KEY LOCATIONS IN KYRGYZ UPRISING Bishkek : Opposition claim to have control .
Protesters still surround government HQ ( aka the White House ) which has been ransacked and part of it set on fire .
Reports of looting in the city .
Osh : President Bakiyev has a support base in the country 's second city and is believed to be in the region .
Naryn : Second day of unrest .
New opposition governor installed .
Talas : Uprising began here on 6 April .
Interior minister beaten up by protesters on 7 April who stormed police HQ and installed new governor .
Border with Kazakhstan is closed .
Flights suspended from US military base in Manas .
Are you in the area ?
Have you been affected by the events ?
If you have information you would like to share with the BBC , please contact us using the form below Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
In most cases a selection of your comments will be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Simon's £ 1 m egomobile : High maintenance , a few miles on the clock ... but which does he love more - his wheels or his woman ?
For those who have never driven one , the Bugatti Veyron - the fastest , most powerful and , at £ 1 million , costliest production car ever made - must seem obscene .
The top speed it has clocked in a test drive by a racing driver is 253 mph - a third of the speed of sound and 240 mph more than the average speed on the traffic - choked streets of Los Angeles .
This is clearly no deterrent to Simon Cowell , who was pictured this week driving his pride and joy around the world 's entertainment capital .
King of the road : Simon Cowell in his Bugatti this week with his fiancee Mezhgan Hussainy
Boy racer : Simon 's pricey car is his pride and joy
I know why he loves it so much .
Shortly after the Veyron was launched in 2005 , I was given the chance to drive one of these extraordinary vehicles for a couple of hours .
And the experience is something that will stay with me for the rest of my life .
Opening up a Veyron in third gear on a straight , empty motorway is the most sensational driving experience possible .
Nothing short of a jet - fighter will outgun a Bugatti .
But perhaps the most impressive thing about driving a Veyron is how civilised it is : even at 170 mph ( as fast as I dared ) , the steering wheel did n't move a millimetre .
There is no wind or tyre noise - driver and passenger are encased in leather - lined , air - conditioned comfort .
Just 220 have been made , on an individual basis for each customer , in a factory in Alsace , north - west France , that reminded me of the Nasa spacecraft assembly works .
If you are serious about buying one , you will be met at the factory by Bugatti's test driver , Pierre - Henri Raphanel .
Most customers arrive by private jet .
It takes more than 400 hours to make a Veyron by hand , and that does n't include the time taken to fabricate the components - Italian carbon - fibre chassis , British gearbox and German engine .
The attention to detail is so extraordinary that the price seems almost reasonable .
Volkswagen , which owns the Bugatti marque , estimates there are only 6,000 people in the world wealthy enough to buy and run a Veyron .
These cars are not bought by Premier League footballers or their WAGs - they are simply not rich enough .
Apart from Cowell , Bugatti owners include Ralph Lauren , Tom Cruise and U.S. talk - show host Jay Leno .
There are more than 40 Veyrons in this country .
A few are owned by Brits , but most are in the hands of wealthy Russian oligarchs and oil - rich Arabs .
According to Jack Barclay , Britain 's only Bugatti dealership , Veyron owners are ' more committed ' to driving their cars than most super - car owners .
Several do ' proper mileages ' in their pride and joy .
They are attracted to the power - 0 mph to 60 mph in a shade under 2.5 seconds - and practicality : the Haldex four - wheel - drive ensures perfect traction , so it 's handy in the snow .
Luxury : Simon and his prospective bride - to - be enjoy a ride in the sleek motor
Competition :
While the music mogul takes obvious joy in his car , his body language with his fiancee seems uncomfortable , as was evident as they kissed on the Tonight Show
It is fair to say the Veyron is not a green car .
At legal speeds , it will do an almost respectable 15 mpg .
But open the throttle and this drops to 2.5 mpg .
The 20 - gallon petrol tank will empty in just 12 minutes .
However , the Veyron does take ordinary unleaded petrol .
Probably the cheapest components are the small titanium bolts that hold everything together .
They cost £ 50 each .
The Veyron weighs two tonnes , giving it a power - to - weight ratio of 500 bhp / tonne .
The Caterham R500 , a lightweight , no - frills British sports car , will match that for just £ 37,000 and was faster round the BBC Top Gear test track .
In a straight line , however , the Bugatti will leave the Caterham for dust .
In theory ( given empty roads , perfect weather and fast pitstops for petrol and new tyres ) , a Veyron could drive from Land 's End to John o'Groats in three hours or cross the U.S. in ten .
Unlike most hypercars , the Bugatti is quite happy pootling round town ; it does n't even have a problem with speed bumps , though there is not enough room for the bags of super - market shopping .
With one exception , wherever you drive it , the Veyron will turn heads : patriotic traffic police near the Alsace factory are known to turn a blind eye to the cars being ' exercised ' on local roads .
Sleek :
It takes more than 400 hours to make a Bugatti Veyron by hand
Keeping up appearances : Simon and Mezhgan are sure to always travel in style
As well as state - of - the - art stereos and sat navs , Bugattis seem to be equipped with a device that renders them invisible to French speed cameras .
Despite the million - pound price tag , Project Veyron is not a money - spinner for Volkswagen .
In fact , it is estimated to have cost the company half a billion euros .
When you buy a Golf or Polo , you are subsidising the superwealthy who buy Veyrons .
For VW , the car exists to show off its engineering dominance .
The Veyron was the brainchild of Ferdinand Piech , the former VW Group chairman .
His aim was to produce a car that could outpace a F1 vehicle , be as comfortable as a Bentley and as reliable as a family Golf .
These cars are extremely well - made and most will probably still be on the road in 100 years time - if there is still petrol to fuel them .
So , what 's the chance of picking up a used Veyron at a good price ?
Few come onto the second - hand market , but when they do , £ 700,000 is the minimum price .
These are often distress sales - recession victims who can no longer afford the astronomical financial commitment such a car demands .
So , you certainly wo n't see a sticker - festooned Veyron on the forecourt of your local second - hand dealership .
Peaches Geldof axed as ' face and body ' of Miss Ultimo lingerie after naked pictures scandal
Peaches Geldof was yesterday dropped from her most lucrative modelling contract following sordid allegations about her private life .
Bosses for underwear firm Miss Ultimo arranged an emergency meeting yesterday morning to discuss whether the 21 - year - old could continue as the face of the brand after it was claimed she had a heroin - fuelled , one - night stand last November .
A series of lewd photographs appeared on the internet showing Miss Geldof cavorting topless and wearing a large plaster covering part of her thigh .
Peaches Geldof has been axed as the face and body of Miss Ultimo after naked pictures of her emerged
Her team denied claims she had taken drugs and tried to persuade Miss Ultimo not to terminate her £ 100,000 - a- year contract .
But the lingerie company said she was setting a bad example to their young female audience and immediately ordered pictures of Miss Geldof to be removed from their window displays , website and department stores where their brand is sold .
A spokesman for the company said yesterday : ' We have been in meetings all morning with regards to the stories that have surfaced over the weekend about Peaches and unfortunately we have no option but to terminate her contract .
Controversial : Peaches Geldof in one of the shots published in the U.S ; we have cropped it for decency
' Miss Ultimo is a brand geared towards a young female audience and as a company we have a social responsibility to ensure we are promoting only positive role models that young women can aspire to .
' We are in the process of removing Peaches from the website and we are working with Debenhams to remove her visuals form all Miss Ultimo shops and window displays throughout the UK . '
Michelle Mone , the creator of the Miss Ultimo brand , said : ' We ’ve given this a lot of thought , but there ’s a point where a business must stick to its principles and as a brand that targets young women , we feel it is impossible for Peaches to continue to work with us as the face of Miss Ultimo lingerie . '
The news comes just ten months after Miss Geldof was signed up to the company and weeks before the launch of her latest campaign , which had already been shot .
Friends of Miss Geldof said she was ' devastated ' .
' It was Peaches ' most lucrative contract by a long way , ' one said .
' Until this point she had a really good relationship with the company , so she was n't expecting this .
Glazed : Peaches with Ben Mills in one of the pictures posted on the internet
' She had already shot her new campaign which she was really excited about and now it 's been scrapped and they are erasing any trace of her . '
Last week , 23 - year - old American artist Ben Mills claimed he and Miss Geldof had injected heroin together during a short - lived affair in Los Angeles last November .
Parting company : Ultimo owner Michelle Mone with Peaches last month at the launch of a lingerie collection at Debenhams in Glasgow
He alleged the heroin had been brought to the U.S. by Miss Geldof as well as posting naked images of her online .
Miss Geldof , who is the middle daughter of Live Aid organiser and former Boomtown Rats frontman Bob and late TV presenter Paula Yates , has repeatedly been linked with drugs in recent years .
In July 2008 , she was treated by emergency paramedics after an overdose and was believed to have stopped breathing for several minutes until she was revived .
However , she refused to go to hospital for fear her father would find out .
That incident came after she was seen offering a drug pusher cash in May 2008 .
She was questioned under caution but never charged .
Then in December that year she left a ' shopping list ' of drugs including Viagra and sleeping pills in a London pub .
Peaches was just 11 when Miss Yates died of a heroin overdose in 2000 .
Representatives for Miss Geldof , who is thought to be in LA , did not return calls to the Mail yesterday .
Thomas Hagan suffered a gunshot wound in the shooting
The only man to have admitted his role in the killing of controversial US black leader Malcolm X has been released from prison on parole .
Thomas Hagan , 69 , was released from a New York jail 45 years after the assassination , officials confirmed .
Hagan said he was one of three men who shot Malcolm X as he began a speech at Harlem 's Audubon Ballroom in 1965 .
But he has insisted that the two men who were convicted with him were not involved .
They maintained their innocence and were paroled in the 1980s .
Hagan 's release was announced by the New York State Department of Correctional Services on Tuesday .
Spokeswoman Linda Foglia said he was scheduled for release on Wednesday but the date was moved forward because the paperwork had been completed .
Hagan , who has repeatedly expressed regret for his actions , applied for parole 16 times before a board approved his request last month .
He had been allowed to spend five nights a week at his Brooklyn home on a work - release programme for the past 22 years .
' Murdered again '
Hagan 's release from prison was greeted with anger from some .
Prof James Small , executive director of the Organisation of Afro-American Unity , said the state of New York had " murdered Malcolm again " in releasing Hagan .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
" He was caught with weapon in hand having participated in an assassination of one of the greatest African - American leaders we have ever had , " Prof Small , who knew Malcolm X , told the BBC World Service .
Mr James said Hagan should have been executed or jailed for life .
But Sylvester Monroe , former senior editor of Ebony magazine , told the BBC that Hagan had admitted guilt and served his time .
He said many questions remained unanswered over Malcolm X's death , including determining else had been involved .
" We still do n't know who put these people up this , " he said .
In the 1960s , Hagan was a member of the militant Nation of Islam movement , in which Malcolm X was a major figure for some time .
Malcolm X rose to fame for his firebrand speeches in which he espoused black rights and denounced white people .
However , towards the end of his life he appeared to be taking a more conciliatory approach which made him enemies within the Nation of Islam .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Religious leaders have used their Good Friday sermons to launch an attack on what they call a recent surge in atheism .
Thousands of Christians crowded into churches this morning to mark the solemn Christian festival of Good Friday .
Sydney Anglican Archbishop Peter Jensen told his congregation atheism is not the rational philosophy that it claims to be .
Dr Jensen told the congregation that atheism is as much of a religion as Christianity .
" It 's about our determination as human beings to have our own way , to make our own rules , to live our own lives , unfettered by the rule of God and the right of God to rule over us , " he said .
" What we 're really seeing , once more [ is ] an example of the contest between human beings and God over who rules the world . "
The Anglican Archbishop 's comments were mirrored by the Catholic Bishop of Parramatta , Anthony Fisher .
In his Easter address , he said Christianity has proved to be both vulnerable and hardy in the last century .
" Last century we tried godlessness on a grand scale and the effects were devastating : Nazism , Stalinism , Pol Pot-ery , mass murder , abortion and broken relationships - all promoted by state - imposed atheism , " he said .
" [ It 's ] the illusion that we can build a better life without God . "
Atheist Foundation president David Nicholls says the comments are an act of desperation by the church .
" We 're not forcing anything on anybody , " he said .
" Hitler , who was a Catholic , forced Nazism onto the German population .
" Stalin forced his ideology onto the population .
They did n't do any of these things in the name of atheism , in fact Stalin was trained in a seminary . "
In his sermon , Dr Jensen said the passion of its followers shows atheism a religion in itself .
But Mr Nicholls says that atheism does not have its own belief structure .
" The passion and vigour that Peter Jensen refers to is only in his own mind , " he said .
" Because atheists say it as it is , and it 's against what Peter thinks , he would have to include those words .
" Atheism is just the acceptance that there is no God , and apart from that people make their own decisions . "
The anti-atheist messages come after a global convention on atheism was held in Melbourne last month .
Organisers of the Rise of Atheism conference say about 2,500 people attended the event which included keynote speaker Richard Dawkins .
Cardinal Pell 's message
Meanwhile , the leader of the Catholic Church in Australia , Cardinal George Pell , acknowledged that the Catholic Church has had a lot of negative publicity in recent years .
But he used his Easter address to remind Australians of the important work Christians do for the community .
Cardinal Pell says Christian teachings are the foundation of the Western way of life , including the Australian notion of a fair go .
" We often hear about Christian failures to live up to Christian standards and there have been too many scandals and many victims but the great majority of Christians continue to follow the commandments of love through regular service , tolerance , forgiveness and community building , " he said .
" Australians believe that everyone is entitled to a fair go because of the Christian teaching that every person , unlike the animals , is made in God 's image .
" Great efforts are made at a considerable expense to help the elderly , the sick , the unemployed , delinquent children , the marginal lives . "
Anglican Church Primate , Archbishop Phillip Aspinall , urged people to think of stories of hope that emerge from natural disasters such as the Haiti earthquake .
Meanwhile , in pre-Easter celebrations in Rome , Pope Benedict celebrated Maundy Thursday mass at Saint John in Lateran Basilica .
He commemorated Christ 's Last Supper by washing the feet of 12 priests representing the apostles , which is a symbol of humility .
With sum­mer approach­ing , home gar­den enthu­si­asts are look­ing for an effi­cient way to increase their har­vest .
And out in the Bay Area , Francesca Vietor is there to help .
Most national and local gardening shops around the country sell sludge - based fertilizers .
One option is Milorganite , a fertilizer advertised as “ organic biosolids . ”
Say what ?
Vietor is exec­u­tive direc­tor of the Chez Panisse Foun­da­tion , the non­prof­it arm of celebri­ty chef Alice Waters ’ nat­ur­al foods restau­rant Chez Panisse .
The foundation ’s mis­sion is to cre­ate ​ “ edi­ble school­yards ” where kids grow , pre­pare and eat food from their own organ­ic gardens .
Vietor is also vice pres­i­dent of the San Fran­cis­co Pub­lic Util­i­ties Com­mis­sion ( SFPUC ) , which dis­trib­utes to local schools , busi­ness­es and home­own­ers what it describes as ​ “ organ­ic com­post . ”
The dirty secret is that Vietor ’s much - tout­ed com­post is made from sewage sludge .
In an inves­tiga­tive report by Anna Wern­er of San Francisco ’s CBS affil­i­ate , the SFPUC defend­ed the prac­tice of dis­trib­ut­ing the sludge - based fer­til­iz­er to schools by cit­ing the fact that it passed EPA stan­dards .
But as EPA Senior Ana­lyst and whistle­blow­er Hugh Kauf­man points out , ​ “ Only 1 per­cent of the haz­ardous mate­ri­als in sludge are regulated . ”
Most nation­al and local gar­den­ing shops around the coun­try sell sludge - based fer­til­iz­ers .
One option is Milor­gan­ite , a fer­til­iz­er adver­tised as ​ “ organ­ic biosolids . ”
Say what ?
“ Biosolids ” is a euphemism for sewage sludge .
It was cre­at­ed in the ear­ly 1990s by the ​ “ Name Change Task Force ” of the Water Envi­ron­ment Fed­er­a­tion ( WEF ) .
Once known as the Fed­er­a­tion of Sewage and Indus­tri­al Wastes Asso­ci­a­tions , WEF is the sewage industry ’s main lob­by­ing and pub­lic - rela­tions organization .
The decep­tive word­ing has not changed one star­tling fact :
Sewage sludge con­tains haz­ardous mate­ri­als , such as diox­ins , PCBs , phtha­lates , bromi­nat­ed flame retar­dants and tox­ic heavy met­als .
But ​ “ biosolids ” cer­tain­ly sounds nicer than ​“ tox­ic waste . ”
The pro­pa­gan­da cam­paign was a suc­cess : ​ “ Biosolids ” now appears in the Mer­ri­am - Web­ster dictionary .
In Tox­ic Sludge Is Good for You , John Stauber and Shel­don Ramp­ton argue that Amer­i­ca would have ben­e­fit­ed from com­plete­ly rethink­ing waste treat­ment .
Begin­ning in the mid-1800s and con­tin­u­ing today , com­bined sew­er sys­tems – where storm water , house­hold sewage and indus­tri­al waste are mixed togeth­er – dis­charge mas­sive amounts of pol­lut­ed water , most of it ​“ treat­ed , ” into rivers , lakes and oceans .
When the waste­water is ​“ treat­ed , ” tox­ic sludge – a prod­uct of waste­water treat­ment – is pro­duced .
Not putting human waste into the sew­er in the first place would have allowed its use as a fer­til­iz­er to enrich agri­cul­tur­al soil .
In 1972 , rid­ing the wave of new envi­ron­men­tal activism , Con­gress passed the Clean Water Act .
The law man­dat­ed ​ “ upgrades ” in sewage treat­ment .
This result­ed in expen­di­tures of over $ 70 bil­lion between 1973 and 1999 , but an unfore­seen prod­uct of the ​ “ upgrade ” was the near dou­bling of the pro­duc­tion of sewage sludge .
The ques­tion quick­ly became :
What to do with sludge ?
In addi­tion to human exc­re­ta , sewage sludge is the byprod­uct of what­ev­er is put down the drain in hos­pi­tals , busi­ness­es and fac­to­ries .
Con­se­quent­ly it includes tox­ic heavy met­als , flame retar­dants , phar­ma­ceu­ti­cal drugs , hor­mones , endocrine dis­rup­tors , car­cino­gens and steroids ( to name a few pos­si­ble ingredients ) .
Rather than rec­og­niz­ing sewage sludge as a dan­ger­ous waste prod­uct pro­duced by the ton every day in treat­ment plants , WEF and the EPA sought a quick­er solu­tion : re-brand the stuff .
Re-brand­ing allowed sewage treat­ment facil­i­ties – like the Mil­wau­kee Met­ro­pol­i­tan Sew­er­age Dis­trict , which pro­duces Milor­gan­ite – to hood­wink the pub­lic into think­ing haz­ardous sewage sludge is fertilizer .
The fer­til­iz­er dis­trib­uted in San Fran­cis­co by the SFPUC was test­ed by the Cen­ter for Food Safe­ty .
It was found to con­tain , among oth­er haz­ardous mate­ri­als , an endocrine dis­rup­tor com­mon­ly known as DEHP ( which has been linked to decreased penis size , decreased semen qual­i­ty , obe­si­ty and tes­tic­u­lar tumors ) .
The SFPUC ’s own test­ing revealed tox­ic chem­i­cals like bisphe­nol A ( BPA ) , naph­tha­lene and diox­ins in its sewage sludge .
But lawn and gar­den enthu­si­asts need not trav­el to San Fran­cis­co to dis­rupt their children ’s endocrine lev­els .
Com­mer­cial­ly brand­ed sewage sludge is being sold across Amer­i­ca , with brands like All - Gro , Gro­Co , and WeCare Com­post join­ing Milor­gan­ite in the sewage scam .
Milor­gan­ite is safe for ​“ veg­eta­bles and oth­er edi­ble crops , ” accord­ing to the product ’s web­site .
​ “ Chil­dren and pets can safe­ly go onto areas that have been fer­til­ized with Milor­gan­ite .
Milor­gan­ite meets the most strin­gent cri­te­ria imposed on any fer­til­iz­er prod­uct for health , safe­ty and envi­ron­men­tal concerns . ”
For what it ’s worth , Milor­gan­ite does meet EPA ​ “ excep­tion­al qual­i­ty ” cri­te­ria for heavy met­als , but since the EPA reg­u­lates only heavy met­als in sludge , any num­ber of oth­er tox­ic chem­i­cal pol­lu­tants could also be in the sludge – and , should you buy it , your garden .
GET INVOLVED :
Mad Men is one of the US imports said to be under threat
Read The Times article ' Leaked ' review - at a glance The BBC is to close two radio stations and scale back its web presence to make £ 600 m in savings , according to a report in the Times newspaper .
BBC Asian Network and 6 Music will be closed under the proposals , it says .
The Times claims the measures are part of a plan , due to be made public next month , to reduce the BBC 's services and focus on quality over quantity .
A statement from the BBC called press speculation " premature " but acknowledged the existence of a review .
The National Union of Journalists , however , said it had " received a detailed briefing " from the BBC this morning " confirming media reports as largely correct " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Union warned of strikes if cuts went ahead .
Strategic review
The Times claims the proposals are currently being considered by the BBC Trust , the corporation 's governing body .
They allegedly involve a wide - ranging series of cuts that will make £ 600 m available for higher quality programming .
Savings will reportedly be made by limiting spending on rights to sporting events and reducing the money spent on imported TV shows .
The BBC Switch and Blast !
websites are also to be closed as part of a larger reduction in the BBC 's web presence , the newspaper alleges .
INSIDER'S VIEW Torin Douglas , Media correspondent
The Times report is very detailed so the paper has clearly been shown a BBC document .
Whether these will be the final decisions remains to be seen .
The report is to be considered by the governing body , the BBC Trust , and The Times quotes " BBC Trust sources " as saying they would like the Director general to impose even greater cuts to budget for imported programmes .
There could also be last - minute lobbying on behalf of the two radio stations said to be due for closure .
A campaign to save BBC 6 Music has been running on Facebook for some time .
The Times states the BBC 's budget for foreign acquisitions , which currently stands at £ 100 m , will be cut by a quarter .
This could mean the end of such US TV shows as Heroes , Mad Men and The Wire on BBC channels .
The BBC 's website budget , which currently stands at £ 112 m , will also be cut by 25 per cent .
The Times says this will be achieved by halving the number of web pages and reducing its staff by a quarter .
BBC Worldwide will be ordered to divest itself of its British magazine publishing arm , the newspaper continues .
If approved , this could see the Radio Times , Top Gear magazine and other publications put out to tender .
In a statement , the BBC said : " Last summer , the BBC Trust challenged the BBC to develop a new strategy to meet the opportunities and the threats of the rapidly changing media landscape .
" Although the details have yet to be agreed ... the BBC expects to present its proposals to the BBC Trust in the near future . "
HAVE YOUR SAY 6 Music is the only reason I have a digital radio .
As far as I 'm concerned they can cut back anything else Reada
The corporation did not comment on the specific details of the leaked report , but said it was " fully committed to online and to digital television and radio " .
' Not rampant ' Speaking to 5 Live , Guardian media columnist Steve Hewlett said the plans , if verified , could be politically motivated .
The BBC has drawn criticism of late amid speculation that an incoming Tory government would seek to freeze the licence fee in 2013 and replace the BBC Trust with another body .
" The BBC needs to create the impression that it 's not rampant in terms of its expansion , " said Hewlett .
" It needs politically to look like it 's going back into its shell a bit , " he continued .
The NUJ said the plans " smack of an attempt to appease political and commercial interests " .
" Hard - working staff should n't be used as a political football and we will fight any compulsory redundancies , " said general secretary Jeremy Dear .
Last year Mark Thompson gave a speech at the Voice of the Listener and Viewer Conference in London in which he said changes would take place after the digital switchover is completed in 2012 .
THE BBC'S FUTURE
Expect to see reductions in some kinds of programmes and content [ and ] a look at the current scope of our website
Mark Thompson last year
Full text of speech " Expect to see reductions in some kinds of programmes and content - a look at the current scope of our website - and a close examination of the future of our service portfolios once switchover has been achieved , " he said in November .
Earlier this month a BBC Trust review appeared to allay fears that 6 Music would be closed in a report which praised its " distinctive approach " .
The review added that the digital station " needed to grow its audience base without losing its unique selling point " .
Fans have already set up a campaign protesting changes to the station , rallying support on Facebook and Twitter .
Among them is musician David Bowie , who issued a statement saying : " 6 Music keeps the spirit of broadcasters like John Peel alive and for new artists to lose this station would be a great shame . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) --
A former foreign minister claimed to be in control of an interim government in Kyrgyzstan early Thursday after a wave of protests that left at least 40 dead and appeared to have driven President Kurmanbek Bakiev from office .
" We must restore a lot of things that have been wrongly ruled , " said Roza Otunbayeva , who called herself the country 's interim leader .
No independent confirmation of the claim was immediately available .
The U.S. State Department said earlier that it believed Bakiev remained in power , but Otunbayeva said he had fled Bishkek , the capital , and his government had resigned after a day of clashes between anti-government protesters and police .
Are you there ?
Share your story , photos and video
A senior State Department official told CNN late Wednesday that the situation in Kyrgyzstan remains " very fluid and fast moving , " and declined to comment on reports that the government had collapsed or that the president had left the country .
The official , who insisted on anonymity because of the quickly changing situation , said the United States had been in contact with both members of the government and the opposition .
The United States is encouraging all sides to work toward resolution according to the rule of law , the official said .
Otunbayeva 's announcement came after hours of clashes between anti-government demonstrators and police , who responded with water cannon , tear gas and eventually with live ammunition .
Kyrgyzstan 's Health Ministry told CNN that 40 people had been killed and 400 wounded in the clashes , and that the toll was expected to rise .
The former Soviet republic is home to an air base that forms an important link in the supply line for U.S. and NATO forces in nearby Afghanistan .
In Washington , a senior Pentagon official said that the turmoil has interrupted flights into and out of that facility , and it was unclear when those flights would resume .
But the U.S. military has contingency plans to deal with the situation , the official said .
Otunbayeva is the head of Kyrgyzstan 's Social Democratic Party and a member of its parliament .
She was a leader of the protests that brought Bakiev to power in 2005 , and she served as his foreign minister for about two years before quitting to protest his appointment of one of the president 's brothers to an ambassadorship , said Mirsulzhan Namazaliev , executive director of the Central Asian Free Market Institute in Bishkek .
Opposition leaders have accused Bakiev of consolidating power by keeping key economic and security posts in the hands of relatives or close associates .
Protests began Tuesday in the northern city of Talas , Kyrgyzstan , over increases in electric and fuel rates , which had been jacked up at the first of the year as Bakiev 's government sold the country 's public utilities to companies controlled by his friends , Namazaliev said .
The demonstrations spread to the capital on Wednesday after the government responded by arresting opposition leaders in Talas .
Namazaliev said that demonstrators were already gathered outside Bishkek 's main square when he was headed to his office Wednesday morning , and the crowd had grown to about 5,000 people by noon ( 2 a.m. ET ) .
About that time , police began to open fire on them , he said .
" I was running together with them while the police was shooting , " Namazaliev said .
Other protesters remained and battled with police , and some took weapons from officers they overpowered , he said .
Machine - gun fire could be heard in the streets into the evening .
Opposition leaders took control of the state television network Wednesday evening , airing images of riot police turning water cannons on demonstrators and asking people to donate blood .
Though the opposition called for calm , clashes with police continued into Wednesday night , Bishkek resident Munarbek Kuldanbaev said .
And Namazaliev said some protesters turned to looting after the proclamation of a new government , and police began trying to crack down on the looting only after negotiations with the interim government .
i Reporter describes protests , discusses grievances
Bakiev came to power in 2005 after a similar upheaval led to the ouster of then - President Askar Akayev .
He won a new term in July 2009 in a vote the United States said " was marred by significant obstacles for opposition parties , intimidation , voting irregularities , and the use of government resources to benefit specific political interests . "
There have been reports of restrictions on the freedom of expression and the media in the country , including the recent closure of an opposition newspaper and other media outlets , the United Nations said .
Outside Bishkek , opposition leaders had taken control of Talas and several other towns before claiming power in the capital , the Russian independent news agency Interfax reported .
Russia called on Kyrgyz authorities and the opposition to settle all disputes without force and with a democratic process .
It also stepped up security at its air base in Kant , Kyrgyzstan .
" On the assumption of our interests to secure political stability in a country that is friendly to ours , we believe it is important that all issues in the given situation be resolved within the legal framework .
At the same time , we would like to strongly appeal to the opposing forces to refrain from the use of force to avoid bloodshed in any case , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said .
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , who had visited Kyrgyzstan on Saturday , said Wednesday that he was " shocked " by the reports of violence and urged all sides to show restraint , engage in dialogue and promote calm .
" While freedom of assembly is an essential element of any democratic society , the rule of law must be respected , " he said .
CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Matthew Chance , Talia Kayali and Matt Smith contributed to this report .
The US Supreme Court has agreed to consider whether vitriolic anti-gay protesters who picket the funerals of US soldiers are protected by free speech laws .
The emotionally - charged case was brought by the family of US Marine Matthew Snyder , who was killed in combat in Iraq in 2006 .
His family organized a private Christian funeral for him in Maryland that attracted members of the radical Westboro Church led by Baptist preacher Fred Phelps .
ADVERTISEMENT
Phelps and his congregation regularly demonstrate at military funerals , carrying inflammatory signs to draw attention to their anti-gay message .
The religious group protest at the funerals of soldiers , regardless of the sexuality of the deceased military personnel , and use the events to bring publicity to their campaign .
The preacher and six relatives arrived at Snyder ’s funeral carrying signs that read “ America is doomed , ” “ Matt in hell ” and “ Semper Fi fags , ” in reference to the Marine motto “ Semper Fi . ”
After the funeral was over , Phelps continued to deride and criticize Snyder on his website , prompting the dead Marine ’s family to sue the preacher before a Maryland court .
Snyder ’s father Albert claimed Phelps had intruded on a private event and intentionally inflicted emotional distress on the bereaved family and won an initial award of five million dollars .
ADVERTISEMENT
But the award was overturned on appeal , where a court ruled that Westburo protesters were simply exercising their First Amendment right to free speech .
Protests launched by Phelps and his congregants have been met with revulsion across the United States and around 40 states have now passed laws regulating demonstrations at funerals .
There are concerns that aid groups are becoming targets for militant groups in Pakistan , after six aid workers were killed when militants struck a World Vision office in the North - West Frontier Province .
It is not the first time an aid group has been targeted and World Vision has suspended its operations in Pakistan .
It is likely other groups will soon follow .
World Vision said the office was targeted because it was running programs to help women .
A group of about 15 gunmen stormed into the offices in the Mansehra district on Wednesday .
Witnesses say they gathered the staff together and then dragged them off one by one to a separate room , where they were executed .
Six Pakistani aid workers , including two women , were killed , and about six others were badly injured .
World Vision Australia chief executive Reverend Tim Costello says the group has now suspended its operations in Pakistan indefinitely .
" In the past there have been threats and the community have said to us , ' Let us deal with it , we want you here ' , " he said .
" So it 's not as if there is n't a very strong basis of support within the community to do what we 're doing .
" But in this instance no - one , it appears , could protect our staff and that 's why then you have to say , whatever assurances , whatever the urgency and the priority and the need , you have to guarantee [ the safety of ] those staff . "
It is not the first time an aid organisation has been targeted in the area .
In February 2008 , four local staff with the British - run aid group PLAN International were killed in a similar attack in the same area .
' No safety guarantee '
World Vision has been operating in the region since a massive earthquake struck the area in October 2005 .
Reverend Costello says it is clear that militants are targeting aid workers .
" Employing women is an important statement , giving them opportunities for businesses , for education ... but it 's provocative , " he said .
" Most aid organisations have exactly the same philosophy and therefore are exposed to the same vulnerabilities . "
Attacks by militant groups have killed more than 3,000 people in Pakistan since 2007 .
In recent months , there has been a spike in the violence as the Pakistani military has conducted an offensive against the Taliban along the border with Afghanistan .
Reverend Costello says this recent attack will make all aid organisations nervous about operating in Pakistan .
" The tragedy is in the last 10 to 15 years , aid workers have become targets , and that was n't the case before , " he said .
" So the assessment really is now about a community that 's desperately poor , that wants us there , but if you can't guarantee the safety of your staff you can't stay . "
After getting the tip to use JSLitmus for JavaScript microbenchmarks I grabbed my old “ How to access JavaScript Object ” code and build some tests with JSLitmus .
The following question was sometimes very religious and only benchmarks can solve the problem :
The question is simple : what is faster ?
obj = {a:1} ; // variant 1 result = obj.a ; // variant 2 result = obj [ 'a ' ] ; // variant 3 - build an object with getter function : result = obj.get A ( ) ;
I build some variants and run the benchmarks on different browsers on my Intel Atom N270 eeeBox .
The examples show the single function call with JSLitmus for better readability , the benchmarks are made with the function - count - parameter .
Live demo
You can start it here with your browser – some tests will result “ Infinity ” because the tests can be fast on modern Intel Core cpus .
That ’s one of the reason to use a netbook / netbook with a slow standard Atom cpu .
If it run fast on this machine its fast enough for the normal web visitor .
A : Accessing with Dot Notation to a plain Object .
The simple direct access to an JavaScript Object used as key - value data object .
var obj = {a : 1 , b : 1 , c:1 , d:1 , e:1} ; JSLitmus.test ( " ObjectAccessWithDot " , function ( ) { sum = obj. a + obj.b + obj.c + obj.d + obj.e ; } ) ;
B : Accessing with Key Notation to a plain Object .
The access with the name as key to an JavaScript Object used as key - value data object .
This should be the same like Case B .
var obj = {a : 1 , b : 1 , c:1 , d:1 , e:1} ; JSLitmus.test ( " ObjectAccessWithKey " , function ( ) { sum = obj [ 'a ' ] + obj [ 'b ' ] + obj [ 'c ' ] + obj [ 'd ' ] + obj [ 'e ' ] ; } ) ;
If the key is constant a optimizer can convert the code to the dot notation .
The second example use local variables for the keys .
var obj = {a : 1 , b : 1 , c:1 , d:1 , e:1} ; var a = 'a ' , b='b ' , c='c ' , d='d ' , e='e ' ; JSLitmus.test ( " ObjectAccessWithKey " , function ( ) { sum = obj [ a ] + obj[ b ] + obj[ c ] + obj[ d ] + obj[e ] ; } ) ;
C/D : Building a constructor , accessing with Dot or Key notation
Plain JavaScript
Objects are fine , but we build more complex object and we need contructors .
Build an constructor with the five members and get an instance of it for accessing .
This should be the same than Case A because type ( obj ) ==” object ” .
var Data = function ( ) { this .a=1 ; this .b=1 ; this .c=1 ; this .d=1 ; this .e=1;} ; var obj = new Data( ) ; JSLitmus.test ( " ConstructorAccessWithDot " , function ( ) { sum = obj. a + obj.b + obj.c + obj.d + obj.e ; } ) ; JSLitmus.test ( " ConstructorAccessWithKey " , function ( ) { sum = obj [ 'a ' ] + obj [ 'b ' ] + obj [ 'c ' ] + obj [ 'd ' ] + obj [ 'e ' ] ; } ) ;
E/F : Accessing with getter function to public or private members
The first examples use only direct access to the member variables .
Variant E/ F use the more java - like getter functions to access to the integers and it should dramaticly slower ( function call overhead ) .
var Data = function ( ) { this .a=1 ; this.b=1 ; this.c=1 ; this.d=1 ; this .e=1 ; this .getA = function ( ) { return this .a ; } this .getB = function ( ) { return this .b ; } this .getC = function ( ) { return this . c ; } this .getD = function ( ) { return this.d ; } this .getE = function ( ) { return this.e ; } } ; var obj = new Data ( ) ; JSLitmus.test (" testConstructorAccessWithGetter " , function ( ) { sum = obj.getA ( ) + obj.getB( ) + obj.getC( ) + obj.getD( ) + obj.getE( ) ; } ) ;
Real private members can be generated in the constructor as local variables .
They are only accessable with functions defined in the same variable scope .
The benchmark will test if the access to the local scope is more expensive than to public members .
var Data = function ( ) { var a=1 , b=1 , c=1 , d=1 , e=1 ; this .getA = function ( ) { return a ; } this .getB = function ( ) { return b ; } this .getC = function ( ) { return c ; } this .getD = function ( ) { return d ; } this .getE = function ( ) { return e ; } } ; var obj = new Data ( ) ; JSLitmus.test (" testConstructorAccessWithPrivateGetter " , function ( ) { sum = obj.getA ( ) + obj.getB( ) + obj.getC( ) + obj.getD( ) + obj.getE( ) ;} ) ;
G. Accessing members over the prototype chain
The DataProto contructor defines the five member and the Data constructor will inheritance it .
While accessing to the member variables it has to hop to the prototype DataProto to get the values .
It should be slower than Case A or Case C .
var DataProto = function ( ) { this .a=1 ; this.b=1 ; this.c=1 ; this .d=1 ; this .e=1 ; } ; var Data = function ( ) {} ; Data.prototype = new DataProto( ) ; var obj = new Data( ) ; JSLitmus.test ( " ConstructorAccessWithDot " , function ( ) { sum = obj. a + obj.b + obj.c + obj.d + obj.e ; } ) ;
The results
Funny !
If you access to many members use plain JavaScript objects with dot notation .
Charts shows loops / second – higher is better !
The Opera 9.80 was a Opera 10.10 , the last one is from the Konqueror 4.3.2 :
I dont test the IE because it is not a browser for JavaScript Programmers ( ECMA5 ) and I dont run it on ubuntu …
If any one will post benchmarks for windows ( on an netbook with Intel Atom N270 ) as tinyurl make a comment !
The party is the brainchild of Irfan Haque , 31 , who oversees the Deco - tinged olive - and - cream lounge , which otherwise offers lunch , light meals and an elaborate afternoon tea .
A successful New Year ’s party that Mr. Haque organized in the room fed demand for more regular dance events , he said , so he hired the D.J. and has been promoting the night largely through word - of - mouth ever since .
The next one is scheduled for April 22 .
Thus far , Mr. Haque has been able to thread the needle between providing an energetic good time and meeting the rarefied expectations of the Pierre ’s traditional clientele , as well as satisfying the co-op board that controls the building and the Taj hotel chain that operates it .
Nonetheless , the party has a surprisingly open feel .
It imposes no velvet rope , dress code or cover charge .
And while the bar offers top - shelf libations — Veuve Clicquot , Johnnie Walkers Black and Blue , Macallan 25 — the budget - minded can easily nurse an $ 8 beer or one of the $ 14 specialty cocktails all night long .
Rumor has found fans even among the hotel staff members , who seemed to get a little looser once the music got going , heads bobbing to the beat , lips syncing to the lyrics .
Although the men remained in their regular , buttoned - down hotel garb , the women swapped their modest day suits for more revealing club wear : a swingy , sleeveless black dress for one , a slinky lavender minidress and strappy gold heels for another .
Image Below , Nora Walsh , the hotel ’s public relations director , center , wearing a tie , took to the dance floor .
Credit ... Michael Appleton for The New York Times
Several partygoers said they were surprised to find such a vibrant scene at the Pierre and in the neighborhood , which is not exactly brimming with hipness .
“ It has a very classy vibe , but if you want to dance , you can , ” said Lauren Yonda , 24 .
Others praised the relaxed atmosphere and friendly attitude .
“ A lot of clubs are very intense , and this place , it ’s just easy to meet people , ” said Carlo Nieva , 40 , a member of the sales team at Armani Fifth Avenue , who had brought along a co-worker , Brandon Tagupa , to celebrate Mr. Tagupa ’s 25th birthday .
“ The music is good , and the crowd really makes it . ”
The IFPI , the global RIAA , this week released its annual Recording Industry in Numbers report that tracks global record sales .
In its release , it chose to target two countries – Canada and Spain – for declining sales and linked those declines to copyright law .
As it no doubt intended , the IFPI release succeeded in generating media coverage , including two Globe and Mail stories ( here and here ) that dutifully reported that Canada was perceived a piracy haven and was being criticized ( again ) by the global recording industry .
Yet it does n't take much digging to see that the IFPI targeted the wrong country .
Canadian sales declined by 7.4 percent last year .
That is obviously bad news for the industry , but it is almost identical to the global average of 7.2 percent .
In other words , far from a piracy outlier , Canada was actually consistent with declines around the world .
Moreover , while the IFPI chose to target Canada , the reality is the declines were far bigger in the United States ( 10.7 percent ) and Japan ( 10.8 percent ) yet neither country is described as a piracy haven .
The IFPI data also shows that Canada was ahead of the curve on digital music sales growth .
Canadian digital sales grew by 38 percent last year , while globally the number was 9.2 percent ( the U.S. grew at 8 percent , below the global average ) .
Of course , none of these data points helped advance the agenda of painting Canada as a piracy haven , so they are conveniently ignored .
Look for more of the same later today when the U.S. government releases it annual Special 301 report and implausibly claims that Canada is one of the world 's worst copyright outlaws .
Welcome to The Pet Connection !
The Pet Connection believes strongly in a commitment to all of the homeless animals in our area .
Judgment Grants ACORN
Declaratory , Permanent Injunctive Relief
Slams Congress for acting without administrative process or trial ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon 3/10/2010 , 9:30 pm PT
Guest blogged by Ernest A. Canning
" The government has offered no ... unique reason to treat ACORN differently from other contractors accused of serious misconduct or to bar ACORN from federal funding without either a judicial trial or an administrative process applicable to all government contractors . "
That was the finding in the judgment [ PDF ] issued late today by U.S. District Court Judge Nina Gershon , granting both declaratory relief and a permanent injunction to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) .
The court declared that the provisions of the " FY 2010 Consolidated Appropriations Act , " an amalgam of six separate bills which President Barack Obama signed into law on Dec. 16 , 2009 , which sought to strip ACORN of their right to enter future contracts with the U.S. government and to deprive them of all federal funding , save what had already been earned on existing contracts , amounted to an unconstitutional Bill of Attainder in violation of Article I , Section 9 of the United States Constitution .
Gershon 's decision comes on the heels of a recent string of legal and public relations exhonerations for the community group which has long been targeted by the GOP , in large part , for their successful work in legally registering hundreds of thousands of low - and middle - income voters who tend to favor Democratic candidates ...
In a lengthy opinion [ PDF ] , in which the court cited former MA Attorney General Scott Harshbarger 's independent analysis , Judge Gershon noted that the government had " conceded that the bill singled out ACORN which had never been found guilty in a court of law and deserving of punishment but argued that [ the Act ] was not punitive . "
Judge Gershon rejected the government 's position , stating :
The nature of the bar and the context within in which it occurred make it unmistakable that Congress determined ACORN ’s guilt before defunding it ….
Wholly apart from the vociferous comments by various members of Congress as to ACORN ’s criminality and fraud … no reasonable observer could suppose that such severe action would have been taken in the absence of a conclusion that misconduct had occurred .
The court also opined that it made no difference that the Act included provisions for Congressional investigations :
Congress is entitled to investigate ACORN and to determine whether the executive agencies with whom plaintiffs have contracted have properly held them to account .
But Congress could not rely on the negative results of a negative congressional or executive report to impose a broad , punitive funding ban on a organization ; explicit , non-judicial findings of guilt would exacerbate , rather than mitigate , the punitive nature of the challenged provisions .
For those unfamiliar with the basics of our constitutional system , the issue goes to the heart of our separation of powers .
Issues of guilt or innocence are not to be determined by the executive or legislative branches but by an impartial judiciary .
There are administrative agencies which can carry out judicial - like functions , but these agencies preserve the right to due process of law .
Under the Administrative Procedures
Act , it is appropriate to determine whether a contractor has misused federal funds , but those procedures , as Gershon found , were not followed .
Darius Charney , an attorney for the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) , which represented ACORN in this landmark U.S. District Court case observed :
Members of Congress were found to have violated the Constitution by declaring an organization guilty of a crime and punishing it and its members without benefit of a trial , then underhandedly passed a new budget doing exactly the same thing .
While this ruling may not be the end of the unfair targeting of ACORN , it is certainly a step in the right direction to protecting the fundamental right to due process .
Today Court upheld the Constitution and the rule of law – the people will benefit from this exercise of our system of checks and balances .
More details on the legal issues are available via The BRAD BLOG 's earlier coverage of suit :
Gershon 's judgment comes on the heels of the completion of a five - month investigation by the Kings County , NY District Attorney 's office examining the secretly - taped videos taken of ACORN Housing workers in Brooklyn and released by rightwing activists James O'Keefe , Hannah Giles and Andrew Breitbart .
The D.A. released a statement finding " no criminality " last week , after which sources from their office told the New York Post that the videos amounted to a " ' heavily edited ' splice job that only made it appear as though the organization 's workers were advising a pimp and prostitute on how to get a mortgage ...[ with ] many of the seemingly crime - encouraging answers ... taken out of context so as to appear more sinister . "
It was after the release of the highly publicized release of those doctored video tapes --- publicity which has recently been shown to have been a hoax and based on a number of out - and - out deceptions --- that Congress quickly , and unconstitutionally , moved to defund ACORN .
For many , many weeks now , Brad Friedman has tirelessly pursued the underlying facts , exposing one canard after another , while calling on the mainstream media to responsibly perform its fourth estate function .
In a piece posted earlier today , “ The Real Targets of the ACORN Smear Campaigns : Verifiable Truth , American Democracy , ” I noted :
What is truly disturbing , however , is that this concocted tale would be unquestioningly accepted as legitimate by the corporate media and by Congress , which , in their rush to mollify the noisy hard - right , displayed a profound ignorance of basic concepts of fundamental fairness and due process of law .
ACORN was prematurely and inappropriately tried and convicted in the press and in Congress , without so much as a single hearing , vis a vis a grotesque and shameful word - of - mouth propaganda lynch job unseen since the days of Joseph McCarthy , the disgraced , right - wing demagogue who misused his powerful perch in the U.S. Senate to smear " loyal Americans as disloyal " and who falsely " charged that the government was being undermined from within "
Perhaps now , with the hoax so thoroughly exposed , with the community group having been cleared of wrongdoing by one formal investigation after another , with Judge Gershon having shamed both Congress and the corporate owned media for having ignored the fundamental precepts of our constitutional system of government , Congress and the corporate media will , finally , step forward and correct the terrible injustice they imposed on a benevolent , if imperfect , community organization .
UPDATE , 3/11/10 : Today , March 11 , a full nine days after Rupert Murdoch 's New York Post broke the story on the Brooklyn DA 's finding of no ACORN criminality under the banner headline , " ACORN set up by vidiots : DA , " and one day after I submitted a link to " The Real Targets of the ACORN Smear Campaigns : Verifiable Truth , American Democracy " to the NYTimes ' senior editor , Greg Brock , noting that it was " not too late for America ’s ' paper of record ' to correct the horrible wrong that was committed when your paper so badly misreported this story , " the paper deigned to cover the Brooklyn DA 's absolution of ACORN .
Unfortunately , neither its headline , " No Crime in Acorn ’s Advice to ‘ Pimp , ’ D.A. Says , " nor the text of its article in which continues to report that " James O’Keefe and Hannah Giles visited Acorn offices in several cities using the pimp and prostitute tale , " come close to what really happened .
America's " paper of record " failed to so much as mention Judge Gershon 's finding that the bill which sought to strip ACORN of all Congressional funding was an unconstitutional bill of attainder .
But we are pleased to report that responsible journalism is not entirely dead in the corporate sector .
The Washington Post published a well - written piece , " NYC judge : Govt must stop blocking money to ACORN , " though its title is a bit off , since Judge Gershon is a federal judge , not a New York City judge .
====
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California state bar since 1977 .
Mr. Canning has received both undergraduate and graduate degrees in political science as well as a juris doctor .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th Infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
SOME of the multitudes who saw an early touring production of “ Cats ” in the mid-1980s might remember an exuberant orange tabby called Skimbleshanks .
The character was played by a 20 - something dancer named Jonathan Cerullo , swathed from ears to tail in yak hair .
In 1985 , the year before stepping into Skimbleshanks ’s ratty - looking fur , Mr. Cerullo had moved into a 348 - square - foot apartment in a century - old tenement on West 47th Street in Hell ’s Kitchen .
The initial rent was $ 309 a month .
“ Cats ” has long since become a punch line , and Mr. Cerullo has accrued an 11 - page résumé of credits as a choreographer and director .
But he has resolutely stayed put in this pocket - sized rent - stabilized space , for which he now pays just over $ 900 .
Even for a struggling young performer , the space was minuscule ; some New Yorkers have closets that are roomier .
It can also be hot , dark and confining .
Boeing and Lockheed Martin , the aerospace giants with decades of experience working on America ’s space program , will happily sell rockets to carry astronauts into space , but the companies are leery about taking a leading role in President Obama ’s vision for a revamped National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
The prospect of NASA relying on smaller companies — unproven upstarts in the view of critics — could create yet another hurdle in convincing an already skeptical Congress of the idea of relying on commercial companies to provide taxi transportation to the International Space Station .
“ I do n’t think there is a business case for us , ” John Karas , vice president and general manager of human spaceflight at Lockheed Martin , said about space taxis .
Publicly , Boeing has been enthusiastic .
“ We have a vested interest in the International Space Station , ” Brewster H. Shaw , vice president and general manager of Boeing ’s NASA Systems business unit , said in February after NASA awarded the company $ 18 million to draw up a preliminary design of a capsule that could serve as the basis of a commercial crew system .
“ We want to see I.S.S. live up to its potential by having a robust logistics for the delivery of cargo and crew . ”
Kimber Cavendish and Vicki Faust knew that they wanted to open a modern bed and breakfast right outside of the financial district in Austin , Texas but they wanted to find just the right architect for the job .
Enter Burton Baldridge Architects , who took the overgrown , slanted lot in between downtown and the suburbs and transformed it into an intimate Palm Springs - style getaway , Kimber Modern .
The hotel featured five guest rooms , one large suite , common area , laundry facility and a courtyard that is reminiscent of something you ’d find in California .
The rooms include a custom wood bed , a built - in desk and other minimal furnishings created by the architects .
High - end designer furnishings include Philippe Starck and Duravit bathroom sinks , Modern Fan ceiling fans , Eames molded plastic chairs and Offi Perch Lounge reading chairs .
The common area has Arne Jacobson egg chairs , around an Eames elliptical table .
This place ai n’t for the average traveler — design savvy adventurers take note !
Artists should also take not that the owners hand - selected pieces from a few local artists , Martha Gannon , Margo Sawyer and Valerie Fowler , which add to the custom , boutique feel .
If you ’re planning a trip to Austin any time soon , I suggest you check in to Kimber Modern .
Photography by Casey Dunn courtesy of Kimber Modern .
There is a controversy raging in North America over Israeli Apartheid Week ( March 1 - 7 2010 ) .
A resolution was passed in the Ontario Provincial Parliament which was unanimously supported ( only 30 MPPs voted ) and declared the comparison of Israel ’s treatment of the Palestinians to apartheid as “ odious . ”
To quote an article in the Toronto Star Canada ’s largest circulation paper .
In a rare show of unanimity , Ontario MPPs of all political stripes have banded together to condemn “ Israeli Apartheid Week . ”
Progressive Conservative MPP Peter Shurman ( Thornhill ) tabled the motion Thursday to denounce the sixth annual provocative campus event that kicks off next week at universities and colleges in 35 cities around the world .
“ Resolutions in the Ontario Legislature send a message .
They are about moral suasion , ” said Shurman , adding “ it is close to hate speech ” to liken democratic Israel to apartheid - era South Africa .
“ I want the name changed .
It ’s just wrong , ” he said , emphasizing that “ respectful ” debate about the Middle East is much more constructive than slinging slurs .
“ Israeli Apartheid Week is not a dialogue , it ’s a monologue , and it is an imposition of a view by the name itself – the name is hateful , it is odious , ” he said , adding it is also offensive to the millions of black South Africans oppressed by a racist white regime until the early 1990s .
Progressive Conservative MPP Peter Shurman ( Thornhill ) was quoted as saying that he wants “ the name changed .
It ’s just wrong ” and that his resolution is about “ moral suasion ” , and that the term apartheid is “ close to hate speech … hateful ” and “ odious ” .
He says he wants a “ respectful ” debate much more “ constructive ” than “ slinging slurs . ”
New Democratic MPP Cheri DiNovo ( Parkdale - High Park ) also claimed that the word apartheid is “ inflammatory ” and ” used inappropriately in the case of Israel ” .
“ Apartheid does not help the discussion , ” she states .
Shurman also argued that the comparison “ is also offensive to the millions of black South Africans oppressed by a racist white regime until the early 1990s . ”
It is interesting to see what South African ’s who actually lived under the Apartheid system have to say about Israel ’s treatment of the Palestinians .
The natural basis of such kinship between the policies of Israel and South Africa was apparently recognized by the virulent supporter of Apartheid and prime minister of South Africa , Hendrik Verwoerd .
He noted in 1961 that Jews “ took Israel from the Arabs after the Arabs had lived there for a thousand years .
In that I agree with them , Israel , like South Africa , is an apartheid state . ”
The much revered leader of the struggle against racism and Apartheid in South Africa and the first President of the non-racist Republic of South Africa Nelson Mandela had the following to say on the issue of the Palestinians .
To quote journalist John Pilger , “ To Nelson Mandela , justice for the Palestinians is ‘ the greatest moral issue of our time . ' ”
Here is an excerpt from a speech Nelson Mandela gave on International day of Solidarity with the Palestinians .
The temptation in our situation is to speak in muffled tones about an issue such as the right of the people of Palestine to a state of their own .
We can easily be enticed to read reconciliation and fairness as meaning parity between justice and injustice .
Having achieved our own freedom , we can fall into the trap of washing our hands of difficulties that others faces .
Yet we would be less than human if we did so .
It behooves all South Africans , themselves erstwhile beneficiaries of generous international support , to stand up and be counted among those contributing actively to the cause of freedom and justice .
Even during the days of negotiations , our own experience taught us that the pursuit of human fraternity and equality — irrespective of race or religion – should stand at the centre of our peaceful endeavours .
The choice is not between freedom and justice , on the one hand , and their opposite , on the other .
Peace and prosperity ; tranquility and security are only possible if these are enjoyed by all without discrimination .
It is in this spirit that I have come to join you today to add our own voice to the universal call for Palestinian self - determination and statehood .
In March 1985 , Denis Goldberg , a Jewish South African and member of the African National Congress and sentenced in 1964 to life imprisonment for “ conspiring to overthrow the apartheid regime , ” was released through the intercession of his daughter , an Israeli , and top Israeli officials , including the president of Israel and allowed to go into exile to Israel .
Goldberg said after arriving in Israel that he saw “ many similarities in the oppression of blacks in South Africa and of Palestinians . ”
He called for a total economic boycott of South Africa , singling out Israel as a major ally of the apartheid regime .
Refusing to live in a country that supported Apartheid South Africa Goldberg quickly left Israel and moved to London , England .
Mr. Aziz Pahad , the South African Deputy Foreign Minister , and Mr. Kgalema Motlanthe , the Deputy President of the African National Congress ( ANC ) , met with Palestinian human rights activists on 6 June 2008 in South Africa .
The South Africans officials had recently returned from a visit to the 1967 Occupied Palestinian Territory .
In the meeting with Arab Political Leaders and Adalah representatives Mr. Pahad and Mr. Motlanthe stressed the South African government ’s support for the Palestinian people .
Mr. Motlanthe stated that in his view “ the current situation for Palestinians in the OPT is worse than conditions were for Blacks under the Apartheid regime . ”
Here is an excerpt from an article describing the reactions of Veteran African Congress members after visiting the Palestinian Occupied Territories .
Veterans of the anti-apartheid struggle said last night that the restrictions endured by Palestinians in the Israeli - occupied territories was in some respects worse than that imposed on the black majority under white rule in South Africa .
Members of a 23 - strong human - rights team of prominent South Africans cited the impact of the Israeli military ’s separation barrier , checkpoints , the permit system for Palestinian travel , and the extent to which Palestinians are barred from using roads in the West Bank .
After a five - day visit to Israel and the Occupied Territories , some delegates expressed shock and dismay at conditions in the Israeli - controlled heart of Hebron .
Uniquely among West Bank cities , 800 settlers now live there and segregation has seen the closure of nearly 3,000 Palestinian businesses and housing units .
Palestinian cars ( and in some sections pedestrians ) are prohibited from using the once busy streets .
“ Even with the system of permits , even with the limits of movement to South Africa , we never had as much restriction on movement as I see for the people here , ” said an ANC parliamentarian , Nozizwe Madlala - Routledge of the West Bank .
“ There are areas in which people would live their whole lifetime without visiting because it ’s impossible . ”
Israeli journalist Gideon Levy also wrote an article on this visit by South African dignitaries .
Here are excerpts from his report :
Lunch is in a hotel in the city , and Madlala - Routledge speaks .
“ It is hard for me to describe what I am feeling .
What I see here is worse than what we experienced .
But I am encouraged to find that there are courageous people here .
We want to support you in your struggle , by every possible means .
There are quite a few Jews in our delegation , and we are very proud that they are the ones who brought us here .
They are demonstrating their commitment to support you .
In our country we were able to unite all the forces behind one struggle , and there were courageous whites , including Jews , who joined the struggle .
I hope we will see more Israeli Jews joining your struggle . ”
She was deputy defense minister from 1999 to 2004 ; in 1987 she served time in prison .
Later , I asked her in what ways the situation here is worse than apartheid .
“ The absolute control of people ’s lives , the lack of freedom of movement , the army presence everywhere , the total separation and the extensive destruction we saw . ”
Madlala - Routledge thinks that the struggle against the occupation is not succeeding here because of U.S. support for Israel – not the case with apartheid , which international sanctions helped destroy .
Here , the racist ideology is also reinforced by religion , which was not the case in South Africa .
“ Talk about the ‘ promised land ’ and the ‘ chosen people ’ adds a religious dimension to racism which we did not have . ”
Equally harsh are the remarks of the editor - in - chief of the Sunday Times of South Africa , Mondli Makhanya , 38 .
“ When you observe from afar you know that things are bad , but you do not know how bad .
Nothing can prepare you for the evil we have seen here .
In a certain sense , it is worse , worse , worse than everything we endured .
The level of the apartheid , the racism and the brutality are worse than the worst period of apartheid .
“ The apartheid regime viewed the blacks as inferior ; I do not think the Israelis see the Palestinians as human beings at all .
How can a human brain engineer this total separation , the separate roads , the checkpoints ?
What we went through was terrible , terrible , terrible – and yet there is no comparison .
Here it is more terrible .
We also knew that it would end one day ; here there is no end in sight .
The end of the tunnel is blacker than black .
Here is what other prominent South Africans have to say about the issue of Israel and Apartheid .
“ I ’ve been very deeply distressed in my visit to the Holy Land ; it reminded me so much of what happened to us black people in South Africa .
I have seen the humiliation of the Palestinians at checkpoints and roadblocks , suffering like us when young white police officers prevented us from moving about . ”
— Archbishop Desmond Tutu
“ When I hear , ‘ that used to be my home ’ , it is painfully similar to the treatment in South Africa when coloureds had no rights . ”
— Archbishop Desmond Tutu “… the fundamental cause of the conflict — lest anyone remains unclear .
It stems from the Zionist world view — its belief in a perpetual anti-Semitism that requires that Jewish people around the world — a faith group — should have a national home of their own .
The biblical narrative was evoked to proclaim Palestine as the promised land reserved exclusively for God ’s ‘ chosen people ’ and their civilizing mission .
It sounds all too familiar as a vision the Voortrekkers had in this country .
It gives rise to racism , apartheid and a total onslaught on those who stand in your way , whether blacks or Arabs or red Indians .
Many Jews do not agree with this Zionist world view , and declare that being anti-Zionism and critical of Israel does not equate with anti-semitism . ”
— Speech given to the South African Parliament by Government Minister Ronnie Kasrils “… Israel came to resemble more and more apartheid South Africa at its zenith – even surpassing its brutality , house demolitions , removal of communities , targeted assassinations , massacres , imprisonment and torture of its opponents , collective punishment and the aggression against neighbouring states . ”
— Former South African Intelligence Minister Ronnie Kasrils from a speech at Israel Apartheid Week 2009 .
“ But what is interesting is that every black South African that I ’ve spoken to who has visited the Palestinian territory has been horrified and has said without hesitation that the system that applies in Palestine is worse . ”
— Professor John Dugard , Former U.N. Special Rapporteur on Human Rights in Occupied Palestine .
“ Apartheid Israel can be defeated , just as apartheid in South Africa was defeated . ”
— Winnie Mandela
“ ” When I come here and see the situation [ in the Palestinian territories ] , I find that what is happening here is ten times worse than what I had experienced in South Africa .
This is Apartheid . ”
— Arun Ghandi
“ The horrendous dehumanisation of Black South Africans during the erstwhile Apartheid years is a Sunday picnic , compared with what I saw and what I know is happening to the Palestinian people . ”
— Willie Madisha , former head of the Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU )
“ As someone who lived in apartheid South Africa and who has visited Palestine I say with confidence that Israel is an apartheid state .
In fact , I believe that some of Israel ’s actions make the actions of South Africa ’s apartheid regime appear pale by comparison . ”
— Willie Madisha , in a letter supporting CUPE Ontario ’s resolution .
“ I say with confidence that Israel is an Apartheid state .
The trade union movement must move beyond resolutions , otherwise history will look back on us and spit on our graves . ”
— Willie Madisha , at a trade union conference held in London , England .
“ Indeed , for those of us who lived under South African Apartheid and fought for liberation from it and everything that it represented , Palestine reflects in many ways the unfinished business of our own struggle . ”
— Farid Esack , Writer , Visiting Professor at Harvard and Anti-apartheid Spokesperson .
“ They support Zionism , a version of global racist domination and apartheid based on the doctrine that Jews are superior to Arabs and therefore have a right to oppress them and occupy their country . ”
— Current COSATU President , Sidumo Dlamini .
Former U.S President Jimmy Carter who helped bring about the peace agreement between Israel and Egypt has also have written and spoken out on Israel ’s policy towards the Palestinians .
In an interview in Israel Carter stated the following on the Apartheid comparison :
When Israel does occupy this territory deep within the West Bank , and connects the 200 - or - so settlements with each other , with a road , and then prohibits the Palestinians from using that road , or in many cases even crossing the road , this perpetrates even worse instances of apartness , or apartheid , than we witnessed even in South Africa .
Carter said his new book , “ Palestine : Peace Not Apartheid ” was meant to spark U.S. discussion of Israeli policies .
“ The hope is that my book will at least stimulate a debate , which has not existed in this country .
There ’s never been any debate on this issue , of any significance .
Carter ’s book Palestine : Peace , Not Apartheid resulted in him being severely criticized by the American Jewish community .
Here is what Cecilie Surasky , from the Jewish Voice for Peace and Muzzle Watch , had to say about this treatment .
Few people anywhere have endured more vicious demonization regarding the Israel issue than Nobel - prize - winning former US president Jimmy Carter .
It is a sad statement that the man who did more for peace for the Israelis than any other U.S. president , is now vilified as an anti-Semite in Jewish communities across the land , most notably for titling his book Palestine : Peace , not Apartheid .
In fact , Carter is one of Israel ’s few true friends who remains impressively committed to doing whatever he can to bring about some kind of resolution , rather than taking the easy road by giving the self - destructive government more of what it wants - arms and money to occupy more land .
Issues that are virtually forbidden in the North American public arena are treated much differently in Israel where such topics are part of the general political discourse and debate .
Many Israelis use the term Apartheid to describe Israel ’s policies toward the Palestinians .
It is worth reviewing the political debate and public discussion of these questions in Israel .
Michael Ben - Yair was Israel ’s attorney general from 1993‑96 .
He wrote that after Israel won the Six Day War in June 1967 :
We enthusiastically chose to become a colonial society , ignoring international treaties , expropriating lands , transferring settlers from Israel to the occupied territories , engaging in theft and finding justification for all these activities .
Passionately desiring to keep the occupied territories , we developed two judicial systems : one — progressive , liberal — in Israel ; and the other — cruel , injurious — in the occupied territories .
In effect , we established an apartheid regime in the occupied territories immediately following their capture .
That oppressive regime exists to this day .
Avraham Burg was speaker of Israel ’s Knesset in 1999 ‑2003 and is a former chairman of the Jewish Agency for Israel .
Here is how Burg is described in an article published in The New Yorker magazine .
Short of being Prime Minister , Burg could not be higher in the Zionist establishment .
His father was a Cabinet minister for nearly four decades , serving under Prime Ministers from David Ben‑Gurion to Shimon Peres .
In addition to a decade‑long career in the Knesset , including four years as Speaker , Burg had also been leader of the World Zionist Organization and the Jewish Agency for Israel .
And yet he did not obey the commands of pedigree .
Defeating Hitler and an earlier book , God Is Back , are in combination , a despairing look at the Israeli condition .
Burg warns that an increasingly large and ardent sector of Israeli society disdains political democracy .
He describes the country in its current state as Holocaust‑obsessed , militaristic , xenophobic , and , like Germany in the nineteen ‑thirties , vulnerable to an extremist minority .
In 2003 , Burg wrote in an article :
Israel must shed its illusions and choose between racist oppression and democracy .
The Zionist revolution has always rested on two pillars : a just path and an ethical leadership .
Neither of these is operative any longer .
The Israeli nation today rests on a scaffolding of corruption , and on foundations of oppression and injustice .
As such , the end of the Zionist enterprise is already on our doorstep .
There is a real chance that ours will be the last Zionist generation .
There may yet be a Jewish state here , but it will be a different sort , strange and ugly .
In 2007 another article was published in Haaretz on Avraham Burg .
He is quoted : “ to define the State of Israel as a Jewish state is the key to its end .
A Jewish state is explosive .
It ’s dynamite . ”
In the interview Burg said that he was Ain favor of abrogating the Law of Return and calls on everyone who can to obtain a foreign passport . ”
Here are the words of another veteran Israeli politician , Yossi Sarid , on the comparison of Israel ’s policies toward the Palestinians and Apartheid .
Sarid served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment , Ratz and Meretz between 1974 and 2006 .
A former Minister of Education and Minister of the Environment , he led Meretz between 1996 and 2003 .
The white Afrikaners , too , had reasons for their segregation policy ; they , too , felt threatened — a great evil was at their door , and they were frightened , out to defend themselves .
Unfortunately , however , all good reasons for apartheid are bad reasons ; apartheid always has a reason , and it never has a justification .
And what acts like apartheid , is run like apartheid and harasses like apartheid , is not a duck – it is apartheid .
Nor does it even solve the problem of fear : Today , everyone knows that all apartheid will inevitably reach its sorry end .
One essential difference remains between South Africa and Israel :
There a small minority dominated a large majority , and here we have almost a tie .
But the tiebreaker is already darkening on the horizon .
Then the Zionist project will come to an end if we do n’t choose to leave the slave house before being visited by a fatal demographic plague .
It is entirely clear why the word apartheid terrifies us so .
What should frighten us , however , is not the description of reality , but reality itself .
Even Ehud Olmert has understood at last that continuing the present situation is the end of the Jewish democratic state , as he recently said .
Another prominent Israeli politician who served many years in the Knesset , Shulamit Aloni , has also been scathing in her criticism of Israel ’s policies toward the Palestinians .
Aloni , is the Israeli Prize laureate who once served as Minister of Education under Yitzhak Rabin .
She wrote , “ Jewish self ‑righteousness is taken for granted among ourselves to such an extent that we fail to see what ’s right in front of our eyes .
It ’s simply inconceivable that the ultimate victims , the Jews , can carry out evil deeds .
Nevertheless , the state of Israel practises its own , quite violent , form of Apartheid with the native Palestinian population . ”
Aloni also defended former U.S. President Jimmy Carter :
The US Jewish Establishment ’s onslaught on former President Jimmy Carter is based on him daring to tell the truth which is known to all : through its army , the government of Israel practises a brutal form of Apartheid in the territory it occupies .
Its army has turned every Palestinian village and town into a fenced ‑in , or blocked ‑in , detention camp .
All this is done in order to keep an eye on the population ’s movements and to make its life difficult .
Israel even imposes a total curfew whenever the settlers , who have illegally usurped the Palestinians ’ land , celebrate their holidays or conduct their parades .
Here is what Yossi Paritzky , a member of the Shinui Party who served in the Israeli Knesset and also in the Israeli cabinet , had to say about racial discrimination in Israel :
One of the clearest rules that distinguishes a democratic state from a non‑democratic state is the principle of equality when it comes to rights and obligations .
In a democratic country , all citizens regardless of race , religious , gender or origin are entitled to equality when it comes to national assets , services and resources , and all citizens regardless of race , religion , gender or origin are equally obligated by national duties .
For example , in a democratic country everyone must pay taxes ( although at different rates , of course , ) and everyone must obey the law .
On the other hand , every citizen in a democratic state is entitled to enjoy individual freedoms .
One is entitled to purchase assets in the country , marry anyone he or she wish , work wherever one wants , study whatever one wishes , and express himself or herself as they wish .
In short , equality is the basic tenet of a liberal western democracy and without it a country is not democratic in practice although possibly democratic by law .
… in a series of three decisions that are separate but connected through a stench of racism and discrimination , Israel entered the dismal pantheon of non‑democratic states .
This past Wednesday , Israel decided to be like apartheid‑era South Africa , and some will say even worse countries that no longer exist .
The following are comments made by Yossi Beilin , a member of the Knesset , and chairman of the Israeli Meretz ‑ Yahad Party , on the uproar caused in the United States over former U.S. President Jimmy Carter ’s book Palestine : Peace Not Apartheid .
I cannot recall when the publication of a book has generated such a debate in Israel .
And even though we are talking here about a book that was published in the United States and has yet to be translated into Hebrew , the quiet way in which Palestine : Peace Not Apartheid has been received in Israel is nevertheless noteworthy , not least because it is Israel itself that is the object of Carter ’s opprobrium .
Part of the explanation for why Carter ’s book did not set off any public outcry in Israel lies in the difference in literary culture .
For better or worse C and I , for one , certainly think that it is for worse C books just do n’t matter here in the way they still do elsewhere .
Yet perhaps a larger part of the explanation lies with the difference in political culture , and with local sensitivities ( or perhaps insensitivities ) to language and moral tone .
It is not that Israelis are indifferent to what is said about them , but the threshold of what passes as acceptable here is apparently much higher than it is with Israel ’s friends in the United States .
In the case of this particular book , the harsh words that Carter reserves for Israel are simply not as jarring to Israeli ears , which have grown used to such language , especially with respect to the occupation .
In other words , what Carter says in his book about the Israeli occupation and our treatment of Palestinians in the occupied territories C and perhaps no less important , how he says it C is entirely harmonious with the kind of criticism that Israelis themselves voice about their own country .
There is nothing in the criticism that Carter has for Israel that has not been said by Israelis themselves .
Uri Davis , author of Israel : An Apartheid State ( London : Zed Books , 1987 ) and many other studies on Israel and Zionism , was elected in August 2009 to serve on the Fatah Revolutionary Council .
He wrote :
Following the establishment of the state of Israel , however , and the introduction of the legislation detailed below into the body of Israeli law , the legal situation governing the activities of the World Zionist Organization , the Jewish Agency , the Jewish National Fund , the Histadrut , the Workers ’ Company , and their various subsidiaries radically altered .
Their respective restrictive constitutions , which were legally binding on what were , until 1948 , technically voluntary organisations , are now incorporated into the legal foundations and the body of law of the state of Israel , thereby establishing a situation of radical legal apartheid of Jew versus non-Jew .
Davis further added the following quote from Israel ’s Defense minister Moshe Dyan .
We came here to a country that was populated by Arabs , and we are building here a Hebrew , Jewish state .
In a considerable portion of localities we purchased the land from the Arabs .
Instead of the Arab villages Jewish villages were established .
You even do not know the name of the villages and I do not blame you , because these geography books no longer exist .
Not only the books , but also the villages no longer exist .
Nahalal was established in the place of Mahalul , Gevat in the place of Jibta , Sarid in the place of Hanifas and Kefar Yehoshu ’a in the place of Tel Shaham .
There is not a single settlement that was not established in the place of a former Arab village ( Dayan , 19 March 1969 ; as quoted in Haaretz , 4 April 1969 )
Another example of the type of discussion that goes on in Israel is the following statement made by Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert : “ For sixty years there has been discrimination against Arabs in Israel .
This discrimination is deep‑seated and intolerable . ”
Olmert made this statement while addressing a meeting of the Knesset committee that was investigating the lack of integration of Arab citizens in the Israeli public service .
Prime Minister Olmert also made the following comment in an interview with Haaretz : “ If the day comes when the two‑state solution collapses , and we face a South African ‑style struggle for equal voting rights , then as soon as that happens , the State of Israel is finished . ”
Here is a recent discussion of Apartheid which was published in the Israel press titled , “ Are Israel and apartheid South Africa really different ? , ” by Akiva Eldar , Haaretz , January 5 , 2010 .
The author is discussing a ruling of an Israeli judge .
The Association for Civil Rights in Israel , which appealed against the ban on Route 443 , dared suggest the word apartheid and was reprimanded for it .
In her ruling , Supreme Court President Dorit Beinisch wrote that “ the great difference between the security means adopted by the State of Israel for defense against terrorist attacks and the unacceptable practices of the policy of apartheid requires that any comparison or use of this grave term be avoided . ”
A similar argument was voiced during the days of Israel ’s military administration over its Arab citizens , which was lifted in 1966 , and which is today considered a dark period in the country ’s history .
Beinisch herself is a co-author of about a dozen rulings that exposed the malicious use of the segregation regime in an effort to take over Palestinian land .
In some cases , most notably one concerning the separation fence near Bil ’in , she wrote that the invasive route set by the army was inferior from a security point of view to the route proposed by experts at the Council for Peace and Security .
In another case the state admitted that the person in charge of planning the fence did not inform government lawyers that the route had been adjusted to the blueprint for expanding the settlement of Tzofin .
Were it not for human rights organizations and conscientious lawyers , who would prevent shortsighted politicians from annexing more and more territory “ for security against terrorism ” ?
asked Beinisch .
One of the myths among whites in South Africa was that “ blacks want to throw us into the sea . ”
Many of apartheid ’s practices were formally based on security , mostly those involving restrictions on movement .
Thus , for example , at a fairly early stage , black citizens needed permits to move around the country .
During the final years of apartheid , when the blacks ’ struggle intensified as did terrorism , its practices became more severe .
To avoid the rude word apartheid , Beinisch pulled out the well - known argument that apartheid is “ a policy of segregation and discrimination based on race and ethnicity , which is based on a series of discriminatory practices designed to achieve the superiority of a certain race and oppress those of other races . ”
Indeed , systematic segregation ( apartheid ) and discrimination in South Africa were meant to preserve the supremacy of one race over others .
In Israel , on the other hand , institutional discrimination is meant to preserve the supremacy of a group of Jewish settlers over Palestinian Arabs .
As far as discriminatory practices are concerned , it ’s hard to find differences between white rule in South Africa and Israeli rule in the territories ; for example , separate areas and separate laws for Jews and Palestinians .
Ehud Barak , Israel ’s defence minister , and former Prime Minister , also has used the Apartheid analogy .
At the annual national security conference in the Israeli city of Herzliya Barak “ delivered an unusually blunt ­warning to his country that a failure to make peace with the Palestinians would leave either a state with no Jewish ­majority or an “ apartheid ” regime . ”
To quote the Guardian , “ His stark language and the South African analogy might have been unthinkable for a senior Israeli figure only a few years ago and is a rare admission of the gravity of the deadlocked peace process . ”
Barak , a former general and Israel ’s most decorated soldier , said that a two - state solution was “ the only way to secure Israel ’s future as a “ Zionist , Jewish , democratic state . ”
Barak also said :
As long as in this territory west of the Jordan river there is only one political entity called Israel it is going to be either non-Jewish , or non-democratic …
If this bloc of millions of ­Palestinians cannot vote , that will be an apartheid state .
Can you ever imagine a top American or Canadian politician making statements like these , or a leading Canadian or American newspaper publishing comments like these ones ?
If the politicians did make statements like these what would be the reaction ?
This article only reviews a portion of the critical debate in Israel from Israeli politicians .
There is much more debate and critical examination of Zionism and of Israel ’s policies toward the Palestinians .
The comparison between Israel ’s policies toward the Palestinians and to Apartheid is a legitimate part of that debate and this is an analogy frequently used by Israelis .
Serious discussion of the Israeli - Palestinian conflict must include the full spectrum of opinion in keeping with democratic values , free speech and much needed critical inquiry .
In Israel , there is a vibrant political debate , and while this debate and democratic discourse is coming increasingly under attack , this debate contributes to the vitality of Israeli society as it deals with the Palestinian issue , the nature of a “ Jewish State ” and how to govern its society .
America , which provides a great deal of financial , military and political support for Israel , needs to be aware of this debate in Israel and in Jewish circles , and to understand the ramifications of uncritical support for the policies and actions of Israel toward the Palestinians and its Arab neighbors .
To stifle and censor the discussion of these important issues does no favors for the United States , Canada or for Israel or the Jewish people .
Afghan president Hamid Karzai's " mental stability " is in doubt and he may even be taking illegal drugs , a former top UN envoy to the war - torn country told MSNBC television .
" He 's prone to tirades .
He can be very emotional , act impulsively .
In fact , some of the palace insiders say that he has a certain fondness for some of Afghanistan 's most profitable exports , " Peter Galbraith told the US network .
Asked to back up his claim , the former UN deputy head of mission in Afghanistan replied : " There are reports to that effect , but whatever the cause is the reality is he can be very emotional . "
Mr Galbraith 's comments came amid a deepening feud with the US that saw him reportedly charge that Washington was interfering with Afghan affairs and that foreigners helped rig last year 's elections .
" The fraud was organised by Karzai 's appointees and he was the beneficiary of it , " said Mr Galbraith , an American who was fired by the UN in a dispute over how far to press Afghan authorities on electoral fraud charges .
" This continued tirade raises questions about his mental stability and frankly this has been something that has been of concern to diplomats in Kabul . "
The Wall Street Journal reported on Monday that Mr Karzai had told politicians that the US was interfering with Afghan affairs and that the Taliban would become a legitimate resistance movement if it did not stop .
The paper said that in the private meeting , the Afghan president even suggested he could join the Taliban if parliament did not support his efforts to take control of the country 's election commission .
" What possible advantage is it for him to be suggesting he might join the Taliban , to accuse , as he did today , the US of organising the fraud in the election that got him a second term , " Mr Galbraith said .
" These comments also suggest that he 's slightly off balance , at least slightly off balance . "
Mr Galbraith warned Mr Karzai's " antics " could harm the prospects for success of US president Barack Obama 's troop surge in Afghanistan because it was clear the Afghan leader " cannot be a reliable partner " .
- AFP
Bicentenary of Venezuela independence celebrations .
Photo from Correo del Orinoco .
Speech by Raúl Castro Ruz , president of Cuba 's Councils of State and Ministers , delivered at the 9th ALBA - TCP Summit , Venezuela
April 19 , 2010 --
It is very moving for us to be in Venezuelan today , April 19 , commemorating the 200th anniversary of the beginning of the independence struggle , which represented the battles for independence in the Spanish colonies in the Americas .
It was the embryo of a first integration process in Latin America , as Simón Bolívar understood the destiny of the peoples of our region very early on .
Everything that we do now for the integration of Latin America and the Caribbean began precisely here , on a day like today , two centuries ago .
In the name of the Cuban people and compañero Fidel , I am taking advantage of the opportunity to transmit to all Venezuelan men and women our sincere congratulations on this memorable date and eternal gratitude to the memory of their principal hero , the liberator Simón Bolívar , of whom Cuba 's national hero Jose Martí said " in calm one cannot speak of the one who never lived in it : of Bolívar one can speak with a mountain as a platform , or between lightning bolts and rays , or with a handful of free peoples in his fist and the tyranny beheaded at his feet ...! "
Today we are also celebrating the summit meeting of the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our Americas ( ALBA ) –- an integrationist organisation of a new kind , a faithful continuation of the legacy of our national heroes - – which we are undertaking at this time and , in the last few days , other compañeros have been working on the documents that have been presented to us .
ALBA is continuing to make a sustained advance in order to settle the social debt with our peoples .
The declaration of territories free from illiteracy by several of its member states ; the training of human resources , especially in the areas of health care and education ; the clinical genetic psychosocial research and treatment of people with disabilities , a work of enormous humane impact , are some of the processes that stand out in our alliance .
Advances in commercial and financial integration , as well as efforts in pursuit of energy , food , technological and other kinds of economic sovereignty are also outstanding contributions from our organisation .
The 19th of April –- as I was telling you a few seconds ago -– also coincides with the 49th anniversary of the victory of the Cuban people over the mercenary invasion at Playa Girón [ Bay of Pigs ] , the first defeat of imperialism in this hemisphere .
In the course of barely 72 hours , under the direct leadership of Commander in Chief Fidel Castro Ruz , our combatants in the armed forces and militia , via energetic counterattacks and uninterrupted actions , forced the surrender of the invading contingent , selected and trained by the United States Central Intelligence Agency and backed up by the US naval fleet , which escorted it to the Cuban coast , and had to resign itself to witnessing the resounding defeat of that adventure .
Just a few days ago , our press , recalling the anniversary , reminded us of the huge media campaign that accompanied the military aggression ; first they tried to make it seem that the bombings of air force bases on April 15 , 1961 , by aircraft painted with Cuban insignia was carried out by our pilots , allegedly in disagreement with the direction of the Cuban Revolution .
On April 17 , when the invasion began , the US news agencies disseminated all kinds of lies .
They affirmed , for example , that Cuba ’s second city , Santiago de Cuba , was already in the hands of the invaders , that our militia had dispersed , that Fidel had fled and that I had been arrested , reaching the absurdity of informing the world that they had taken the port of the city of Bayamo , which , for a fact , does not have a coast and is situated in the centre of the former Oriente province , the widest in the country .
That campaign reminds us of the current one and the continuous campaigns that are being waged against many of the countries present here .
In its 50 years , the Cuban Revolution has not been , nor will be , destroyed by the US blockade , by subversion or by lies .
Cuba , like Venezuela , Bolivia , Nicaragua and Ecuador , to one degree or another , is the preferred target of ferocious and slanderous media campaigns , organised and financed by the centres of hegemonic power in the United States , national oligarchies and , in some cases , the European Union .
We have already seen , less than one year ago , how a coup d’état was executed in Honduras –- a country then a member of ALBA -– with the complicity and support of imperialism and its media instruments .
Our peoples should learn the lessons that can be derived from these events and should never let themselves be confused by the siren songs to which they are daily subjected , or ever give in to coercion and pressure .
The experience of the long and painful road that has been traveled in the common history of two centuries has taught us that we only have one alternative : to unite , fight and overcome .
I add my voice to the words , also spoken by Bolivia 's President Evo Morales , of congratulations to the Venezuelan people , to all of the representatives who marched in that magnificent parade today which filled us with emotion from beginning to end and to see a pure people , now armed , in addition to their glorious armed forces , which can be seen advancing before our eyes ; to see students present in the parade and on the platforms ; campesinos , workers , the multiple cultural demonstrations -– many or the majority of which unknown to me at least -– and which demonstrated the richness of this nation , just like the other sister nations on this continent .
Even though I saw all of this in person , I would like to see it again on video -– as they say , DVD –- so as to enjoy it more , because television cameras capture -- as President Hugo Chávez told me –- much better angles , which escaped those of us present here .
To conclude , I wish to add : Viva the Venezuelan armed forces and the armed people !
Viva the 200th anniversary of the beginning of the emancipation struggles of our America !
Viva the glorious Venezuelan women who we saw march today with elegance , poise and beauty !
Viva the Bolivarian Revolution !
Viva Chávez !
Venezuela : Large crowds turn out for 200 - year independence celebrations
By Kiraz Janicke , Caracas
April 20 , 2010 -- Venezuelanalysis.com --
In a massive show of support for the Bolivarian Revolution led by Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez , an estimated 1 million red-clad supporters turned out to watch the “ Independence and Revolution ” bicentennial civic - military parade , in Los Procéres , Caracas on April 19 .
The parade marked 200 years since the founding of the First Republic of Venezuela , with the overthrow of Spanish colonial authorities and the establishment of the country ’s first independent government , which lasted until July 25 , 1812 .
On July 5 , 1811 , Venezuela ’s congress declared the nation 's independence , becoming the first Spanish American colony to do so .
The process sparked a broader war of independence across Latin America led by Venezuelan independence fighter Simon Bolivar , after whom Chavez ’s “ Bolivarian Revolution ” is named .
The bicentennial event began with a sky show with the unprecedented participation of the first female military pilot in Venezuela , flight lieutenant Yanet Sanchez , and the deployment of recently acquired Chinese K8 - W fighter jets , Russian - made Sukhoi MK - 30 ’s and US produced F - 16s , which flew over the skies of the capital forming a figurative “ V ” for Venezuela .
Leaders of the country ’s 33 Indigenous groups together with Venezuelan athletes headed the parade , which featured the some 6600 military personnel and 5400 civilians , including student and peasant groups , workers militias from the state - owned oil and steel companies , PDVSA and Sidor , as well as representatives of social movements , collectives and cultural organisations .
Guests who attended the celebrations included presidents Cristina Fernandez of Argentina , Evo Morales of Bolivia , Raul Castro of Cuba , Rafael Correa of Ecuador , Daniel Ortega Nicaragua and Leonel Fernandez of the Dominican Republic , as well as the prime ministers of Antigua and Barbuda , Winston Baldwin Spencer ; of Dominica , Roosevelt Skerryt ; and of St Vincent and the Grenadines , Ralph Gonsalves ; as well as diplomatic representatives of many other countries .
Cristina Fernandez , who was the guest of honour at the celebrations , spoke of a “ second independence ” in Latin America that is signified by the growing push for independence from US domination and for regional integration .
“ The first centenary of independence in 1910 brought us an America far removed from what they [ the independence fighters ] dreamed .
A system was imposed on us that subordinated our region to the extraction of raw materials to generate wealth far from our lands . ”
“ The bicentenary finds the peoples of South America in a new stage of transformation and in what I call the Second Independence ... we are pursuing the liberation of our peoples and the unity of our region , always respecting our differences and the plurality of our identities ” , she said .
Fernandez added that " the world has changed more over the last 20 or 30 years , than in 200 years , and this brings us new challenges and new interpretations .
A new international order is being born . ”
Chavez , who was elected on a wave of anti-neoliberal rebellion in 1998 , initiated the founding of what is known as the Fifth Republic or the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela via a constituent assembly and the adoption of a new constitution through a popular referendum in 1999 .
Since then he has pursued a project of radical change in Venezuela with the aim of building “ Socialism of the 21st century ” , which has the backing of the country ’s poor majority , but bought him into conflict with traditional ruling elites .
Internationally , he has pursued a vigorous policy of independence , sovereignty and the promotion of Latin American unity based on the ideas of Bolivar , which has earned him the hostility of the United States , which in 2002 backed a short - lived military coup against him .
In a special ceremony Chavez and the visiting leaders laid a wreath at the tomb of Simon Bolivar in the national Pantheon in Caracas , which houses the remains of Venezuela ’s national heroes .
Then , in a bicentennial address from the national assembly , Chavez recalled the words of former Argentine president Juan Domingo Perón , who said “ The 21st century will find us [ Latin America ] united or dominated ” adding that the full independence of Venezuela would not be possible without the independence of all of Latin America .
“ This is the century of our America , of the liberation of our peoples , of the consolidation of our independence ... never again will Venezuela be a Yankee colony ” , he declared .
The April 19 celebrations follow a week of activites , including political forums , cultural events , a bicentennial marathon and all - night parties and fireworks displays in the Bolivar Plaza of each town and city all around the country .
The bicentenary year has also sparked a renewed examination of Venezuela 's history and in particular the role of women .
Luis Pellicer , director of the National Archive , and Venezuelan feminist historian Alba Carosio have proposed that the remains of female independence leaders also be placed in the National Pantheon , including the “ symbolic ” remains of Ecuador - born Manuela Saenz and Indigenous resistance leader Apacuana , among others .
Maria León , minister for women and gender equality , who supports the move said , “ We only knew of Manuela Sáenz as the mistress of the Liberator [ Simon Bolivar ] .
I remember in the 1960s , when I became a guerrilla , they told me who Manuela was . ”
Sáenz should be recognised in her own right for her role in the independence struggle León argued .
“ Women ” , Pellicer added , “ have not been the subject of history , or social relations , or material life , they have been an object , and less than an object .
That 's part of the hegemonic mentality which we are fighting against . ”
“ Women played a major role in the victories of our armies in every campaign of Independence ” , Pellicer noted , but “ nobody knows about it , because it is in documents , but not written in any book .
Women were in the streets calling for a republic and protesting against the king and as a result were sent to prison ” .
However Venezuelan historians are creating “ an insurgent historiography ” that celebrates the role of women and the people and these stories will soon be in the public domain he said .
ALBA agrees to consolidate sovereignty and advance toward socialism
Caracas , April 19 , 2010 -- Granma International -- Member countries of the Bolivarian Alliance for the Peoples of Our Americas ( ALBA ) agreed today in Venezuela to cons olidate their integration and sovereignty in the interest of constructing the road to socialism , the Cuban news agency Prensa Latina reported .
At the final event of the 9th ALBA Summit , in Caracas ’ Teresa Carreño
Theatre , the heads of state and government of Antigua and Barbuda , Bolivia , Cuba , Dominica , Ecuador , Nicaragua , St. Vincent & the Grenadines , and Venezuela ratified these objectives in a document titled " Bicentennial Manifesto of Caracas : Consolidating the New Independence " .
Via its text , the leaders state that attaining planned goals lies in achieving full justice and liberating themselves from foreign interventionism and submission to imperial mandates .
They also confirmed their decision to continue promoting the defence of human rights , the environment and the construction of an independent , developed and socialist economic base .
The document also reflects the will to construct ALBA nations as a space of equality , social wellbeing and the overcoming of poverty .
In addition , the manifesto convenes the next ALBA - TC Summit with Indigenous authorities and those of African descent for June 3 - 4 , 2010 , in Imbabura , Ecuador .
They also highlighted their decision to create the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States and offered support to Venezuela as host country of a summit to bring that community to fruition in 2011 .
Previously , Venezuela 's President Hugo Chávez inaugurated the 9th Extraordinary ALBA Summit with words of welcome for his colleagues from Bolivia , Evo Morales ; Cuba , Raúl Castro ; Nicaragua , Daniel Ortega ; Ecuador , Rafael Correa ; and prime ministers Ralph Gonsalves of St. Vincent & the Grenadines ; Roosevelt Skerrit , Dominica ; and Baldwin Spencer , Antigua & Barbuda .
Reflecting upon the significance of ALBA , founded in 2004 , Chávez assured that " it is the alternative " for achieving real independence .
" Thus , we have to care for it [ ALBA ] , protect it and advance in our plans and projects .
There is a danger in waiting ; we cannot wait " , the leader of the Bolivarian Revolution stated .
Along these lines , he emphasised the need for presidents and heads of government , as well as the peoples of ALBA , to care for and defend the regional integration organisation from the constant threats that it is receiving from the empire and governments subordinate to the United States .
Likewise , he signaled that it is important to continue firmly demanding an end to the US blockade of Cuba and the release of the five Cuban heroes imprisoned by the empire .
For his part , Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa , in his speech at this momentous event , exhorted everybody present to win true sovereignty for Latin America .
" Two hundred years ago , our liberators gave us political independence .
The nations of this the continent now have to win ourselves economic , cultural , social , scientific , and technological independence " , the president affirmed in his address .
Bolivia 's President Evo Morales argued that the best banner of struggle against irresponsible capitalism and irrational industrialism is to defend Mother Earth , which the Indigenous peoples call Pachamama .
Along these lines he emphasised the importance of the World People 's Conference on Climate Change , which begins on April 20 in Cochabamba , Bolivia .
To date , 22,000 people have registered to attend the conference .
Speaking at the meeting , which concluded in the early hours of the morning , Nicaragua 's President Daniel Ortega stated that , while the ALBA initiative for cooperation and integration is advancing , the empire is conspiring and provoking in an attempt to liquidate it .
Ortega emphasised that the new model seeks to give real power to the people and convert them into productive individuals in order to achieve development and leave poverty behind .
He indicated that this is the struggle of the peoples of Latin America and the Caribbean today , while 200 years ago it was the battlefield for the independence of the nations .
Ralph Gonsalves , prime minister of St. Vincent , urged member nations of the Bolivarian alliance to fight against colonialism and imperialism in whatever form they might take , and expressed his confidence that the people of his country and the region understand that ALBA is the way to leave behind underdevelopment , " it is a cause that can not be achieved with people who doubt " .
The prime minister of Antigua and Barbuda , Baldwin Spencer , affirmed to the forum that the alliance is the real future of Latin America and the Caribbean .
" I would like to call on those who are still in doubt to wake up to the reality .
We should form part of this magnificent and noble movement " , he stated .
Spencer commented that despite pressure and hostile campaigns , he maintains his decision to continue as part of that integration mechanism .
Addressing the official and invited delegations , Roosevelt Skerrit , prime minister of Dominica , called on the US government to end to the economic , commercial and financial blockade of Cuba maintained since 1962 .
" That blockade is unjust and incorrect and should end " , the prime minister affirmed .
For Skerrit , if US President Barack Obama wishes to go down in history as the finest US president , he should end that unilateral measure .
La historia común de dos siglos nos enseña que solo tenemos una alternativa : unirnos , luchar y vencer
Discurso pronunciado por Raúl Castro Ruz , Presidente de los Consejos de Estado y de Ministros , en la IX Cumbre del ALBA - TCP , efectuada en la República Bolivariana de Venezuela , el 19 de abril de 2010 , " Año 52 de la Revolución " .
Nos emociona estar en Venezuela hoy 19 de abril , conmemorando el doscientos aniversario del inicio de la gesta emancipadora que significaron las luchas por la independencia en las colonias españolas en América .
Fue el embrión de un primer proceso integrador de la América Latina , pues Bolívar comprendió muy temprano el destino de los pueblos de nuestra región .
Todo lo que hacemos ahora por la integración de América Latina y el Caribe comenzó precisamente aquí , un día como hoy hace dos siglos .
Aprovecho la oportunidad para , en nombre del pueblo cubano y del compañero Fidel , trasmitirles a todos los venezolanos y venezolanas nuestra sincera felicitación en esta fecha memorable y la eterna gratitud ante la memoria de su héroe principal , el Libertador Simón Bolívar , de quien Martí dijera " en calma no se puede hablar de aquel que no vivió jamás en ella : ¡de Bolívar se puede hablar con una montaña por tribuna , o entre relámpagos y rayos , o con un manojo de pueblos libres en el puño y la tiranía descabezada a los pies ! "
Celebramos hoy también la reunión cumbre de la Alianza Bolivariana para los Pueblos de Nuestra América , que realizamos en estos momentos y otros compañeros estuvieron trabajando durante los últimos días en los documentos que nos han presentado , organización integracionista de nuevo tipo , fiel continuadora del legado de nuestros próceres .
El ALBA continúa avanzando sostenidamente para saldar la deuda social con nuestros pueblos .
La declaración de varios de sus estados miembros como territorios libres de analfabetismo ; la formación de recursos humanos , especialmente en las áreas de salud y educación ; el estudio clínico genético psicosocial de personas con discapacidad , obra de enorme impacto humano , son algunos de los procesos que sobresalen en nuestra Alianza .
Los avances en la integración comercial y financiera , así como los esfuerzos en pos de la soberanía energética , alimentaria , tecnológica y en otras áreas clave de la economía , son también contribuciones destacadas de nuestra organización .
Coincide también hoy 19 de abril —- como les decía hace un instante -— el aniversario 49 de la victoria del pueblo cubano ante la invasión mercenaria de Playa Girón , la primera derrota del imperialismo en este hemisferio .
En apenas 72 horas , bajo la conducción directa del Comandante en Jefe de la Revolución Cubana , Fidel Castro Ruz ( Aplausos ) , nuestros combatientes de las Fuerzas Armadas y milicianos , mediante enérgicos contraataques e ininterrumpidas acciones rindieron al contingente invasor , seleccionado y entrenado por la Agencia Central de Inteligencia de los Estados Unidos y apoyado por la flota naval norteamericana que los escoltó hasta las costas cubanas y tuvo que resignarse a ser testigo del estrepitoso descalabro de aquella aventura .
Hace solo algunos días nuestra prensa , rememorando la efeméride , nos recordaba la gran campaña mediática que acompañó a la agresión militar , primero trataron de hacer ver que los bombardeos el 15 de abril de 1961 a las bases aéreas por aviones pintados con las insignias cubanas , se realizaron por nuestros pilotos , supuestamente inconformes con el rumbo de la Revolución .
El 17 de abril cuando se inicia la invasión , las agencias de prensa norteamericanas difundían todo tipo de mentiras , afirmaban , por ejemplo , que la segunda ciudad de Cuba , Santiago de Cuba , ya estaba en manos de los invasores , que nuestra milicia se había dispersado , que Fidel se había dado a la fuga y yo estaba arrestado , llegaron al absurdo de informar al mundo la toma del puerto de la ciudad de Bayamo , que por cierto no tiene costa y está situada en el centro de la antigua provincia de Oriente , la más ancha del país .
Esa campaña nos recuerda la de ahora y las continuas campañas que hacen contra muchos de los países aquí presentes .
La Revolución Cubana en sus 50 años no ha podido ser , ni será destruida con el bloqueo , la subversión y la mentira .
Cuba , al igual que Venezuela , Bolivia , Nicaragua y Ecuador , en uno u otro grado , son el blanco preferido de feroces y calumniosas campañas mediáticas , organizadas y financiadas por los centros del poder hegemónico en Estados Unidos , las oligarquías locales y en algunos casos la Unión Europea .
Ya vimos , hace menos de un año , como se ejecutó un golpe de Estado en Honduras , país entonces integrante del ALBA , con la complicidad y el apoyo del imperialismo y sus instrumentos mediáticos .
Nuestros pueblos deben aprender las lecciones que se derivan de estos hechos y no dejarse confundir nunca por los cantos de sirena a que se nos somete a diario ni ceder jamás al chantaje y la presión .
La experiencia del largo y doloroso camino recorrido en la historia común de dos siglos nos enseña que solo tenemos una alternativa : unirnos , luchar y vencer ( Aplausos ) .
Me uno a las palabras , que también pronunció Evo , de felicitación al pueblo venezolano , a todos los representantes que desfilaron en ese magnífico desfile de hoy que nos llenó de emoción desde el principio hasta el final ( Aplausos y exclamaciones ) , y ver a un pueblo puro ya armado , además de sus gloriosas Fuerzas Armadas que se les ve avanzar a ojos vista ; ver a los estudiantes presentes en el desfile y en las tribunas , a los campesinos , a los obreros , a las múltiples manifestaciones culturales , muchas de ellas o la mayoría desconocidas por lo menos por mí y que demuestran la riqueza de este pueblo , igual que los demás pueblos hermanos del continente .
Todo eso visto , aunque lo hice personalmente , quiero volverlo a ver en un video , como se dice , en un DVD , para disfrutarlo mejor , porque las cámaras de televisión toman — como me decía Chávez — muchas vistas mejores y que se nos escapan a nosotros allí presentes .
Para concluir , quiero sumarme también a un ¡viva a las Fuerzas Armadas y al pueblo armado venezolano !
( Exclamaciones de : " ¡Viva ! " )
¡ Viva el doscientos aniversario del inicio de las luchas emancipadoras de nuestra América !
( Exclamaciones de : " ¡Viva ! " )
¡ Vivan las gloriosas mujeres venezolanas que hoy vimos marchar con elegancia , prestancia y belleza !
( Exclamaciones de : " ¡Viva ! " )
¡ Viva la Revolución Bolivariana !
( Exclamaciones de : " ¡Viva ! " )
¡ Viva Chávez !
( Exclamaciones de : " ¡Viva ! " )
Muchas gracias .
There ’s no denying that the iPhone OS ( comprised of the iPhone , iPod Touch , and iPad ) is a legitimate gaming force .
Ever since the iTunes App Store first opened for business , gaming on the iPhone has slowly but surely eaten away at competing handhelds like the Sony PSP and the Nintendo DS .
Still , when asked about the gaming potential of the iPad , Nintendo president Reggie Fils - Aime scoffed at the idea that Nintendo had anything to fear from Apple ’s newest device , or any of its products at all .
[ Apple ] is not having an impact on Nintendo when you look at our business , our volume , our hardware , our software .
I ’ve seen data that suggestions that while consumers are constantly downloading Apps , they play with them for a few times and then they are moving on to the next thing .
Clearly it does n’t look like their platform is a viable profit platform for game development because so many of the games are free versus paid downloads .
While its true that many users play with an app for a few times before moving on to something new , the fact remains that that “ something new ” is more often than not another iPhone game .
Fils
Aime also believes that the quality of Nintendo DS titles when compared to the iPhone will , in the end , ensure that Apple ’s lineup of mobile products will do nothing to eat threaten Nintendo ’s profitability .
“ If our games represent a range between snacks of entertainment and full meals depending on the type of game , ” Fils - Aime said , “ ( Apple ’s ) are n’t even a mouthful , in terms of the gaming experience you get . ”
If you ’re Nintendo , you have two options to choose from .
You can either a ) address the legitimate threat iPhone gaming poses or b ) you can ignore the problem with clever analogies about snack foods and eating .
But even if we play along with Fils - Aime analogy for a second , the fact remains that most mobile gamers prefer tiny snacks from a variety of suppliers as opposed to a full course meal .
You can argue about the difference in quality till the cows come home , but at the end of the day , the people have already spoken .
via Kotaku
Every week , features editor Anthony Burch bitches to a camera for a few minutes and calls it a " Rev Rant " even though he 's sort of trying to get rid of the " Reverend " moniker .
It 's not the best idea ever .
If you pay someone to do mindless , repetitive work for up to eight hours at a time , it 's work .
If you convince someone to pay you for the chance to do repetitive work for hours at a time , then you 're probably a JRPG designer .
Grinding , especially within the realm of RPGs , is a bizarre concept -- players will not only willingly pay for the opportunity to have their time wasted , but will defend to the death those very mechanics which waste their time .
Imagine if , in a third - person shooter , you had to shoot at trees and walls for two hours before your gun could do enough damage to actually kill an enemy .
Ludicrous , right ?
But why can't we react toward JRPG grinding with the same level of disbelief and irritation ?
[ Michael Todd partially inspired this rant . ]
Dear Jim …
It is HIGHLY unlikely you ’ll ever read this ,
I ’m writing it anyway .
Who the fuck am I kidding .
Honestly ?
Frankly ?
The “ You ” to whom I ’m writing only lives in my heart and mind .
The “ You ” you are today is years and miles away from the man who upended my life , careened me into new and previously unknown realms , and left me shaking and alone , but ready to be who I needed to be .
This exercise in writing “ You ” a letter is n’t about writing a letter to the actual James .
No , the “ You ” to whom I ’m writing is a kaleidoscopic doppelganger of emotional glassbits that tumble through the scratched lens of my mind ’s eye .
It is the “ You ” I first saw in Barney ’s Beanery in December of 1993 in Los Angeles .
It is the “ You ” who opened up a channel to my future from which spoke a voice alerting me to the unfathomable changes that you ’d unleash in my life .
It is the “ You ” whose gorgeous , simple , heated coarse brutality shocked and completed me so totally , it obliterated every thought of ever desiring anyone but you , ever and ever forever and ever , amen
It is the “ You ” I adored so completely that I spent hundreds of dollars a month , money I did n’t have , to keep your voice and laughter and despicable beautiful lusts in my head even though we were a continent and an ocean apart .
It is the “ You ” that , no matter how fleeting our subsequent borrowed times together were , they were enough to sustain me through the years …even through the other relationships … because “ I knew in my heart of hearts ! ” that I was yours , and yours alone , and that some day you would hold this knowledge as surely as I did and you would permit me to love you and yourself to love me the way that Fate intended .
It is the “ You ” for whom I still struggled to make space , even though I knew it was futile .
Some ambertrapped part of me knew … knew … that you would remember who we were .
Today that “ You ” … those iterations , all of them and more beside …all joined me at once .
As I ate my fucking bleu cheeseburger and tried to hold my shit together .
See , today was a rough day .
Closing out a convention that had been a bit of a roller - coaster for me .
My weekend had been fraught , hormonal issues did n’t help any , and one of the bits of my life that I ’d hoped had settled , thereby relieving me of a substantial amount of stress had come undone and I was kind of back to square one .
Today it really hit me in a whole new way , how strange and loopy my life is become .
I realized that the next 2 weeks of my life were leading up to some Pretty Big Shit and I was n’t at all sure how I was going to hold up .
And I was lonely … so lonely .
You know how this is .
The crowd , the people telling you how awesome you are , and still it is so hard … so hard to absorb .
I remember how tough it was for you before you gained the degree of notoriety you have today to hang in there when your situation was so discouraging … struggling like so many artists do .
I remember one night in Islington as we scraped together pence and pounds to get supper and fags you telling me how you were so grateful and happy that I was there with you , through that rough time .
I remember a lot more … but that is for my memory and yours alone .
So it is painful and awful to have so much of these memories blurred and torqued into something less than effulgently fulfilling as I remember the other “ You . ”
The “ You ” who reminded me , with a shockingly callus emotional brutality , that my feelings for you were n’t important in light of your “ real girlfriends ” feelings .
It is the “ You ” who , after a decade , of my foolish naive hopes , explained that I was not nor would I be , yours .
The “ You ” who berated me for writing , with pride and passion , about our affair , and how transformational it was .
The “ You ” who , when his “ people ” discovered that we were easily linked by a couple of savvy Google searches , called me to insist that it was all inappropriate , and that it should be removed immediately .
It speaks to the still extant desire to please you that coiled , latent , around my heart that my first reaction to this shocking demand was …shame .
Shame and sadness and the impulse to say “ You ’re right , and I am sorry … sorry I spoke .
Sorry I wrote .
Sorry I am who I am .
Sorry that I took this stunning secret me that you unearthed and I polished it and refined it and set it out for all to see and share .
Sorry I am who I am . ”
How terrible it is to have your own personal twisted Henry Higgins help you embark on one of your life ’s great journeys and then reject the creature he ’s helped you become .
But I hold on .
I hold on the what is right and good and beautiful and true because I will NOT let your life ’s choices negate mine .
And usually ?
I live in that headspace .
And the irony is ?
I invoke you so often , Jim .
With affection , and with love .
When I talk about being involved in BDSM , realizing I had desires and needs outside the “ standard , ” I tell parts of our story and how it was you who first gave me that permission .
You who asked the right questions , you who helped me take both a deep breath and that which was my right .
But today ?
Today , you got me .
Ambushed .
Sitting with a dear friend , confiding some of the fear I leave buried lest I scream like an unearthed mandrake root upon exposure to the sun , I was taken by surprise .
Irony is insufficient to describe the situation where you are pouring out your heart about your fear of never being enough , of being too much , your fear of going home again alone , your sadness and conflict about your successes , your terror of failure , the fact that no one has ever possessed you the way you wish to be possessed and then ?
I ’m sitting and stirring through this viscous emotional gumbo and even as I sit shaking on the edge of a deep sadness I hear the first four chords of …that song .
You know the one .
The one you played for me from thousands and thousands of miles away on the phone one summer evening in 1996 .
The one you wrote for me .
Not the only song you ’d written about me .
In fact , you told me that half of the songs on the album you were then cutting were about me .
But this song , there is no escaping it because it is about me , named for me , unequivocally mine .
What happens ?
The aural apparition of your First Real Love slamfucks your cerebrum , renders moot your cerebellum , and painfully crippling your autonomic system with the softest sweetest toxin known to humanity … a song about lost love … and not only that , no …because THAT would be too simple … this is …THIS is actually a song where he calls to you …calls you by name , calls from lo those years ago sweetache deadweight sorrow and yeah , you lose it .
And I shattered .
It is strange to sit in the sober light of a Ruby Tuesday ’s in Atlanta , Georgia and feel your own body so shot through with nauseous adrenaline and nameless overload that you ca n’t control it .
Hyperventilating , hands shaking , sudden - onset speech impairment to a st - stu— tt - tter that cripples the one thing you rely on at all times : your capacity to communicate .
Gone , ripped away and you ’re left unable to fully explain to your friend across the table who you have just startled to dismay with your animal yelp and sudden shaking as you just point to nothing and croak and babble nonsensical bullshit .
That song .
You singing to me , out of the past , frozen in fucking time … a blast from the past , baby …a hundred other bullshit cliches .
I swear on the broken tusk of Lord Ganesha : if you put that shit in a movie ?
People would roll their eyes at the ham - fistedness of it .
Welcome to my fucking life .
But there it was and there you were and the song rolled out of the speakers and I could n’t do anything but sit and shake and unravel , waiting to hear that voice , those inflections , those lyrics , you singing my name .
Over and over .
All of “ You ” came back .
All of the joy , the first magically problematic 17 days we spent together , the subsequent years we spent apart , the brief reunions .
The hope I held for so very , very long .
The pride I felt watching you sing my songs for me and hundreds other people who would n’t ever , ever know how much they meant to that Black girl standing , wide eyed , admiring you , knowing that you were mine , if only for the briefest of nows , and wanting nothing more to be yours .
The subsequent slow decay of that bond … the shame and dismay , the torch carried despite your best efforts to extinguish it .
All of that .
At once .
All of you and all of me .
And how stunned I was to realize that all of the gentle and not - so - gentle advice I ’d been given by people to “ Just let go . ” and to “ Move on . ” and the less gentle “ Just get the fuck over it already .
Its pathetic . ” … all of that advice ?
All of it was based on a flawed premise .
See , you DO belong to me .
And I to you .
Your place , your mark , indelible .
I AM where I am today , for better and for worse and for “ WTF ? ! ” in part because of who you were to me .
“ Getting over ” you means deleting one of my base emotional truths .
And I ca n’t do that .
It is n’t my job to erase or modify these feelings .
It is my job to Tell .
To Tell who I was before you .
To Tell who I was with you .
To Tell who I was after you .
To Tell who I am today .
And to do this Tell with pride , and humor , and dignity , and love , regardless of the fact that our paths diverged a long , long time ago but I could n’t see it .
Would n’t see it .
It is n’t even true denial .
I saw and lived that divergent path .
I am on it , owning it .
But the fact of the matter is this : I live the path down which you set me , even though it is n’t yours at all .
You are n’t The One with whom I was meant to walk This Life .
For whatever reason , I am graced with the challenge of walking this path alone for the most part .
This challenge makes me feel the insanity of my often oxymoronic loneliness in a way I do not relish .
It makes me question my faith and it makes me wonder if I will ever find the person to evoke in me the feelings that you once did .
People keep assuring me that I will .
I will let them hold that precious hope until I can keep that flame safely alive .
But mostly I am writing this to say I love you .
And I forgive you .
And I forgive myself .
I forgive you for being who you are instead of who I wanted and needed you to be .
I forgive you for your fear and your humanity .
I forgive myself for holding to hope , for sitting in my own fear .
I still love you , James .
I always will .
To deny that would be to attempt to exorcise the roots of my submission .
I love who you have helped me become .
I love the strange and convoluted life I lead .
I love the difficulties .
I love all of this fucked - up dangerous dark and crazy shit .
I love the epiphanies and I love the struggle and I love the freedom .
And despite your denial of me , despite your disavowal of who I am , I know that you loved me too , once .
And every time you sing the songs you wrote for me , I feel it .
And I am grateful .
Muses have to pay the price , sometimes , for inspiring art .
And in spite of everything , I know that you still think of me , too .
You kind of have to .
There ’s that song , after all .
And the others … but we wo n’t speak of those today .
I am , after all , a damn good Muse .
With love ,
Mollena
“ Mi nombre es David Cilia .
Soy reportero de la revista Contralínea .
Tengo un balazo en la pierna en la pierna derecha y en el costado izquierdo .
Estamos a la orilla de la carretera ” .
El video distribuido ayer jueves confirmó que el periodista David Cilia , su colega Erika Ramírez y dos personas más , se encontraban vivos después de la emboscada , el martes 27 , cuando la caravana de la cual formaban parte fue atacada cerca de San Juan Copala en Juxtlahuaca , Oaxaca .
La dirigente social Beatriz Cariño Trujillo y el activista finlandés Jyri Jaakkola fueron asesinados en esa emboscada .
Cariño era directora de Centro de Apoyo Comunitario Trabajando Unidos , CACTUS A.C. y llevaba 15 años impulsando la movilización de los indígenas triquis .
Jaakola era observador en materia de derechos humanos .
Todos ellos participaban en la que denominaron “ caravana de la paz ” , un grupo de aproximadamente 25 personas que se dirigía desde Huajuapan , rumbo a Copala , con alimentos y medicinas .
Esa población triqui ha sido agredida en numerosas ocasiones por grupos paramilitares .
Ni el gobierno de Oaxaca , ni el gobierno federal , han tenido especial interés para desmantelar a los grupos armados y contener la violencia en esa región .
La caravana pretendía romper el aislamiento que la violencia reciente , y la pobreza de siempre , mantienen sobre San Juan Copala .
Los caravaneros fueron atacados a balazos .
De acuerdo con el relato de varios sobrevivientes , sus vehículos fueron detenidos con ráfagas de metralleta .
Los que pudieron salir corriendo , avisaron de esa agresión horas después .
Otros más se escondieron en las inmediaciones de ese sitio .
Varios de ellos no podían escapar porque estaban heridos .
Entre los lesionados se encontraba el reportero de la revista Contralínea .
Su testimonio y el de sus acompañantes fueron grabados en un video que otro de los emboscados pudo sacar de la zona dominada por el grupo paramilitar .
David Cilia y Erika Ramírez se habían sumado a la caravana para hacer en San Juan Copala un reportaje acerca de las locutoras triquis asesinadas hace dos años .
Como puede recordarse , el 21 de abril de 2008 las jóvenes Felícitas Martínez Sánchez y Teresa Bautista Flores murieron cuando el automóvil en el que viajaban fue emboscado , también a balazos .
Eran locutoras de la radiodifusora “ La voz que rompe el silencio ” que funciona en San Juan Copala .
Varias semanas más tarde , cuando una delegación con representantes de una docena de organismos internacionales fue a visitarlo para exigirle que se agilizara la investigación acerca del asesinato de esas dos comunicadoras , el subprocurador de la PGR , Juan de Dios Castro , insistió en que se trataba más bien de dos amas de casa –como si esa circunstancia le restara gravedad al crimen– y se exaltó cuando sus interlocutores le insistieron en la desprotección que padecen los habitantes , periodistas incluidos , en esa región de Oaxaca .
Beatriz Cariño , la dirigente social asesinada el martes pasado , era una de las impulsoras más empeñosas de la radiodifusora comunitaria en San Juan Copala .
Sus inquietudes políticas la llevaban por causas y sitios muy variados .
Apenas el 3 de diciembre pasado había participado en un mitin afuera de la embajada de Canadá en protesta por la muerte del activista Mariano Abarca , opositor a una empresa minera de propiedad canadiense y asesinado en noviembre en Chicomosuelo , en Chiapas .
En aquella alocución , que se puede encontrar en la Red , Beatriz Cariño decía refiriéndose a ese militante : “ Es nuestro hermano Mariano Abarca que hoy representa un ejemplo de lucha , un ejemplo a seguir , y si creen que con eso nos vamos a espantar les queremos decir que nos ponen más fuertes , que nos dan más ánimos porque en la medida en que ellos apuestan por la muerte , nosotros seguimos apostando por la vida ” .
Los que en Oaxaca apuestan por la muerte , esta semana cobraron dos nuevas víctimas además de los heridos y desaparecidos que todavía anoche eran buscados en la zona donde fueron emboscados .
Resulta imprescindible que el gobierno federal , y aunque esa no sea su vocación también el gobierno de Oaxaca , impongan la legalidad y ofrezcan plenas garantías a quienes , en la zona de San Juan Copala , apuestan por la vida .
Publicado en eje central
The first time you see raw milk , you are struck by its creaminess :
The milk is so laden with fat that the plastic jug swells .
It looks straight out of another century — a fantasy world in which all dairy was unprocessed and nobody worried about E. coli superbugs .
Unpasteurized , or raw , milk is a sort of holy grail for ardent locavores and dairy - industry skeptics , who label it “ real milk ” ( implying that the vast majority of milk we drink is , in fact , fake ) .
But it ’s also gaining in popularity among those who do n’t qualify as “ a combination of tea baggers and granolas , ” as food - safety lawyer Bill Marler puts it .
The ranks of the raw - curious are growing , as are the number of farms with permits to sell it to them : 29 in New York ( up from nineteen in 2007 ) , and 100 in Pennsylvania ( up from 35 in 2005 ) .
Though there is little scientific evidence that raw milk is more nutritious , proponents credit it with treating a whole range of health problems , from eczema to irritable - bowel syndrome .
Their theory is that pasteurization not only destroys dangerous pathogens like E. coli , salmonella , and campylobacter ; it also zaps some good things : for instance , the enzyme lactobacillus , which helps with digestion .
Then there ’s the drinking experience .
Raw milk typically comes from small farms where the cows are grass - fed .
The taste changes depending on the season ( the most deliciously grassy stuff supposedly arrives in the spring ) , as does the look : ranging from gold to beige to yellow - green .
Fans drink it at room temperature , sipping slowly as if they were savoring a fine Bordeaux .
“ It ’s like the difference between Cheez Whiz and Brillat - Savarin , ” says one Brooklyn mother who coordinates — illegally — a weekly group delivery of raw milk .
Food - safety officials could not be less enthusiastic .
Last month , the FDA issued a warning about an outbreak of campylobacter tied to an unregulated raw - milk dairy in Indiana ( at least twelve people were sickened ) .
Marler has represented clients who ’ve gotten severely ill from raw milk , resulting in kidney failure , heart attacks , and paralysis .
In a 2009 study , raw milk was implicated in 75 percent of all dairy - related illness outbreaks between 2000 and 2007 .
Raw - milk defenders dispute these numbers and dismiss the alarms : “ The FDA and the USDA are ready to blame anything on raw milk , ” says Sally Fallon Morell , the president of the Washington , D.C.–based Weston A. Price Foundation , a raw - milk advocacy group .
Conspiracy theories aside , many people are willing to trade health risks for supposed health benefits and fuller taste .
So how can you score some ?
It depends on where you live :
In Connecticut , you can buy it in retail stores ; New Jersey bans it outright ; and in New York , raw milk can be purchased only on the premises of certified farms that are subject to rigorous monthly inspections .
( See the next page for several reputable farms ; there ’s a complete list at realmilk.com . )
Here in the city , drinkers usually participate in delivery clubs , which have a middleman purchase a large quantity of milk at the farm and truck it in .
This is not legal , so the clubs are usually underground .
But with minimal Googling , I found one that would deliver to me at home in Brooklyn , no questions asked .
My order arrived several days later in the back of a station wagon .
It was driven to my curb by a neatly dressed man — sweater , pleated chinos — who leaned into the backseat and handed me two wet , extremely cold , plastic half - gallons and a jar of maple syrup .
I handed him $ 23 , and he left .
What nutrients or pathogens lurked inside ?
It was impossible to say .
But for a black - market bottle , it looked deceptively innocent .
Day After Attack , Witnesses Describe US Killings
One Day After 2007 Attack , Witnesses Describe US Killings of Iraqi Civilians Democracy Now
As the US Central Command says it has no plans to reopen an investigation into the July 2007 helicopter attack that killed a dozen people in Baghdad , including two Reuters news staff , we play never - before - seen eyewitness interviews filmed the day after the attack .
[ includes rush transcript ]
Rick Rowley , independent journalist with Big Noise Films .
He has traveled to Iraq frequently as an unembedded journalist since the 2003 invasion .
He was at the site of the 2007 helicopter attack the next day .
JUAN GONZALEZ : We begin today with a Democracy Now ! exclusive .
As the US Central Command says it has no plans to reopen an investigation into the July 2007 helicopter attack that killed a dozen people in Baghdad , including two Reuters news staff , we ’ll play never - before - seen eyewitness interviews filmed the day after the attack .
Military lawyers have reportedly been reviewing the classified video of the air strikes released by the website WikiLeaks on Monday .
But Rear Admiral Hal Pittman , director of communications at Central Command , which oversees the war in Iraq , said in a statement to Reuters , quote , “ Central Command has no current plans to reinvestigate or review this combat action . ”
However , CENTCOM did make public a redacted series of records on the case , including investigations days after the attack by the air cavalry and infantry units that were involved in the incident .
According to an investigation by the 1st Air Cavalry Brigade , the military concluded the aircrew , quote , “ accurately assessed that the criteria to find and terminate the threat to friendly forces were met in accordance with the law of armed conflict and rules of engagement . ”
The chilling video footage taken from the US military helicopter shows US forces indiscriminately firing on Iraqis in the New Baghdad neighborhood of the Iraqi capital .
The dead included two employees of the Reuters news agency : photographer Namir Noor - Eldeen and driver Saeed Chmagh .
AMY GOODMAN : Before we go to the exclusive interviews with eyewitnesses to the attack , I want to play a short clip from that video released by WikiLeaks .
This is the moment the US forces first open fire from a helicopter .
US SOLDIER 5 : There , one o’clock .
Have n’t seen anything since then .
US SOLDIER 2 : Just [ expletive ] .
Once you get on , just open up .
US SOLDIER 1 : I am .
US SOLDIER 4 : I see your element , got about four Humvees , out along this —
US SOLDIER 2 : You ’re clear .
US SOLDIER 1 : Alright , firing .
US SOLDIER 4 : Let me know when you ’ve got them .
US SOLDIER 2 : Let ’s shoot .
Light ‘em all up .
US SOLDIER 1 : Come on , fire !
US SOLDIER 2 : Keep shootin’ .
Keep shootin’ .
Keep shootin’ .
Keep shootin’ .
US SOLDIER 6 : Hotel , Bushmaster two - six , Bushmaster two - six , we need to move , time now !
US SOLDIER 2 : Alright , we just engaged all eight individuals .
AMY GOODMAN : Minutes later , the video shows US forces watching as a van pulls up to evacuate the wounded .
They again open fire from the helicopter , killing several more people and wounding two children inside the van .
US SOLDIER 1 : Where ’s that van at ?
US SOLDIER 2 : Right down there by the bodies .
US SOLDIER 1 : OK , yeah .
US SOLDIER 2 : Bushmaster , Crazy Horse .
We have individuals going to the scene , looks like possibly picking up bodies and weapons .
US SOLDIER 1 : Let me engage .
Can I shoot ?
US SOLDIER 2 : Roger . Break .
Crazy
Horse one - eight , request permission to engage .
US SOLDIER 3 : Picking up the wounded ?
US SOLDIER 1 : Yeah , we ’re trying to get permission to engage .
Come on , let us shoot !
US SOLDIER 2 : Bushmaster , Crazy Horse one - eight .
US SOLDIER 1 : They ’re taking him .
US SOLDIER 2 : Bushmaster , Crazy Horse one - eight .
US SOLDIER 4 : This is Bushmaster seven , go ahead .
US SOLDIER 2 : Roger .
We have a black SUV — or Bongo truck picking up the bodies .
Request permission to engage .
US SOLDIER 4 : Bushmaster seven , roger .
This is Bushmaster seven , roger .
Engage .
US SOLDIER 2 : One - eight , engage .
Clear .
US SOLDIER 1 : Come on !
US SOLDIER 2 : Clear .
Clear .
US SOLDIER 1 : We ’re engaging .
US SOLDIER 2 : Coming around .
Clear .
US SOLDIER 1 : Roger .
Trying to —
US SOLDIER 2 : Clear .
US SOLDIER 1 : I hear ‘ em — I lost ’em in the dust .
US SOLDIER 3 : I got ’em .
US SOLDIER 2 : Should have a van in the middle of the road with about twelve to fifteen bodies .
US SOLDIER 1 : Oh yeah , look at that .
Right through the windshield !
Ha ha !
AMY GOODMAN : The video is from the July 12th , 2007 attack on Iraqi civilians by US troops , released Monday by the website WikiLeaks.org .
Well , independent journalists Rick Rowley and David Enders were on the scene the very next day in 2007 and filed this exclusive report forDemocracy Now !
RICK ROWLEY : We came to the Iraqi suburb of New Baghdad one day after a US attack helicopter strike that killed twelve Iraqis , including a journalist and a driver working with Reuters .
The US military claimed that they were under attack from rocket - propelled grenades and small - arms fire and that all of the dead , except for the two Reuters employees , were insurgents .
But local residents showed us the remains of a burnt - out van spattered with blood and told us a different story .
WITNESS 1 : [ translated ]
The helicopter came yesterday from there and hovered around .
Then it came right here where a group of people were standing .
They did n’t have any weapons or arms of any sort .
This area does n’t have armed insurgents .
They destroyed the place and shot at people , and they did n’t let anyone help the wounded .
WITNESS 2 : [ translated ]
I swear to God it was helicopters that attacked us .
These people are all witnesses .
They attacked us twice , not once .
RICK ROWLEY : Another resident went on to describe what happened to the man who tried to help the wounded .
WITNESS 3 : [ translated ]
The driver went to carry the injured , who had been shot in front of his eyes .
While he was going to pick them up , the pilot of the helicopter kept flying above , watching the scene .
They started firing at the wounded and the dead .
The driver and the two children were also there .
The helicopter continued shooting until none of the bodies were moving .
RICK ROWLEY : We asked the crowd of people what might have prompted the attack , and they said that when the journalist arrived , residents quickly gathered around him .
WITNESS 2 : [ translated ]
The group of civilians had gathered here because people need cooking oil and gas .
They wanted to demonstrate in front of the media and show that they need things like oil , gas , water and electricity .
The situation here is dramatically deteriorating .
The journalists were walking around , and then the Americans started shooting .
They started shooting randomly and targeted peaceful civilians from the neighborhood .
WITNESS 3 : [ translated ]
There were children in the car .
Were they carrying weapons ?
There were two children .
WITNESS 2 : [ translated ]
Do we help the wounded or kill them ?
They killed all the wounded and drove over their bodies .
Everyone witnessed it .
And the journalist was among those who was injured , and the armored vehicle drove over his body .
WITNESS 3 : [ translated ]
The US forces , who call themselves “ friendly ” forces , were telling us on speakers that they were here to protect and help us .
We heard those words very clearly .
But what we saw was the opposite of that .
We demand the American Congress and President Bush supervise their soldiers ’ actions in Iraq .
RICK ROWLEY : For Democracy Now ! , this is Rick Rowley and Dave Enders with Big Noise Films .
AMY GOODMAN : Special thanks to Alaa Majeed for assisting with the translation of that piece .
Rick Rowley , joining us now in our studio , independent journalist with Big Noise Films , he ’s traveled to Iraq frequently as an unembedded journalist since the 2003 invasion .
So describe when you saw this WikiLeaks footage .
You were there the next day in 2007 .
RICK ROWLEY : I saw — I first saw the story at midnight and realized that we had been there , and the next morning rushed to check the footage and found that , in fact , it was the same event .
But when we went out there that day , Dave and I , we were n’t looking to document an American massacre .
We went to this neighborhood because this is a neighborhood full of refugees .
And as soon as we arrived and got out of our car — you know , an experience that will be common to all unembedded journalists — we were instantly surrounded by a crowd of people who took us to where the attack happened and started telling their stories .
JUAN GONZALEZ : So , in other words , when you went there , there had n’t even been a military or public announcement of what had happened the day before ?
RICK ROWLEY : There was a — Reuters had reported it , that it had happened somewhere , but we did n’t know the details , and we certainly were n’t looking for it .
We were unembedded doing a story on refugees and happened upon this neighborhood .
JUAN GONZALEZ :
But the military initially claimed that it was all insurgents that had died , but obviously , as we have now seen , as the world has now seen from the video , the soldiers in the helicopter realized that children had been killed almost immediately .
RICK ROWLEY : Yeah , I mean , the children were injured .
They did n’t actually die .
JUAN GONZALEZ : I ’m sorry , injured .
RICK ROWLEY : But yeah .
I mean , the thing that was most chilling to me about this , as an independent journalist who works unembedded often , is that when the reports came out — the military investigations came out a few days later , you can read them all on the internet now — and they basically — I mean , essentially they blamed the reporters for causing this .
They say they did three things wrong .
First , they failed to identify themselves to a helicopter gunship flying , I do n’t know , hundreds of feet above their heads .
Second , their proximity to armed insurgents was reason for them to be killed .
And third , their furtive attempt to take a photograph of American troops .
I mean , so , first of all , there is no reason at all to believe or to conclude that any of the people in that picture are armed insurgents .
I mean , you can see two men with Kalashnikovs , but this is 2007 in Baghdad .
This is the height of the civil war , when dozens of bodies a day were being picked up from the street , when sectarian militias filled the Iraqi security forces , the police and the army .
Every neighborhood in Baghdad organized its own protection force .
And it was legal at the time for every household to own a Kalashnikov in Iraq , and every household I ever went to did .
So the presence of two men , dangling at their sides Kalashnikovs , in a crowd of civilians who have no weapons at all , I mean , is absolutely no — I mean , it ’s — the whole thing is ridiculous .
AMY GOODMAN : I want to play , Rick , another clip from the US helicopter footage .
Here , the voices in the cockpit laugh as a Bradley tank drives over a body of one of the Iraqi victims .
US SOLDIER 1 : I think they just drove over a body .
US SOLDIER 2 : Did he ?
US SOLDIER 1 : Yeah !
AMY GOODMAN : That is from the military ’s own footage .
Again , this is military footage from the Apache helicopter with those radio transmissions of the soldiers speaking to each other .
What did the residents say about that body ?
RICK ROWLEY : Yeah , now , I mean , I ’m a journalist , and I go and talk to people and report what they said .
And these residents came and told me that the man who they drove over was alive , that he had crawled out of the van that had been shot to pieces and that he was still alive when the Americans drove over him and cut him in half , basically , with a Bradley or tank or whatever armored vehicle they were driving in .
AMY GOODMAN : Well , we ’re going to link to both the Army documentsof their initial investigation , as well as your piece and the WikiLeaks.org footage .
WikiLeaks says they got this footage from someone within the military who wanted this information out .
Thanks very much , Rick Rowley .
RICK ROWLEY : Thank you .
AMY GOODMAN : Rick Rowley , independent journalist with Big Noise Films , who has traveled to Iraq and Afghanistan frequently as an unembedded journalist .
He was at the site of the 2007 attack the next day .
Cross posted from Democracy Now : http://www.democracynow.org/2010/4/8/exclusive_witnesses_describe_deadly_2007_us
ENDS
© Scoop Media
" Hello baby , is it dark in there ? "
Like reader jackie31337 , who asked this question when she was a small child , scientists do n't remember what life in the womb was like .
If they want to know what a fetus can see — not to mention smell , hear , taste and touch — they have to go right to the source .
Unfortunately , the unborn are not the world 's greatest communicators .
To find the answers , researchers study animal fetuses , healthy human newborns only hours old and premature infants finishing their pre-natal development in an incubator .
What they 've learned about the fetal experience and the development of the senses not only expands our understanding of the human body , it 's also helping to up the premies ' chances for a healthy , normal life .
Across the animal kingdom , senses come online in a very specific order that does n't vary much from one vertebrate to another .
The first sense fetuses experience is touch .
Then come the chemical - based senses — taste and smell .
The ability to hear develops fourth .
And finally , so late that many animals are born lacking it , comes sight .
Humans , with our relatively long gestation periods , are one of the few species that can see before we 're born .
Not that there 's very much to see .
The short answer to jackie31337 's question is , " Yes .
It is , in fact , rather dark in there . "
" They can tell the difference between dim and very dim .
That 's what they 'd see if mom removed outer clothing on a sunny day , " said William Fifer , Ph.D. , head of the fetal / infant development lab at Columbia University 's division of developmental psychology .
Scientists have watched fetuses on ultrasound turn their heads away from bright lights held up to their mother 's stomach , Fifer said .
And they 've seen the brain waves of premature infants spike in response to a flash of light , or a change in visual stimulus — switching a card from vertical stripes to horizontal , for instance .
Sight is n't much of a sense at this point , but it 's enough .
Enough for what ?
That 's where things get interesting .
See , senses do n't work via some neurological " off / on " switch .
It 's more like building muscle .
You have to exercise to get results .
The more you work out the new sense , the more neuron connections are formed and the sense improves .
But if you do n't use it , you lose it .
Literally .
" You need sensory stimulation of some sort , or the nerve connections never form , " Fifer said .
" Kittens blindfolded after birth never develop sight . "
Sensory stimulation is important in other ways as well , helping fetuses learn .
For instance , duck embryos peep to themselves while still inside their eggs .
As they do that , they begin to recognize what a duck voice sounds like .
" A researcher named Gilbert Gottlieb found that , if he de-vocalized a duck embryo , then after birth it would n't be able to tell the difference between the maternal calls of a duck or a chicken , " said Jeffery Alberts , Ph.D. , professor of psychology at Indiana University .
" They have to hear themselves in the egg and stimulate their own auditory systems .
That 's how they get it to be tuned enough to complete development . "
Monkey hear , monkey do
Human fetuses use their senses to learn , too .
Christine Moon , Ph.D. , professor of psychology at Pacific Lutheran University , studies auditory development in humans .
She does her research by staking out the maternity wing at a local hospital , popping in on new families right after babies are born .
If the parents are interested , infants as young as eight hours old can be tested to see how they respond to different sounds .
The babies wear headphones and are given special pacifiers hooked up to a computer .
Turns out , babies suck harder on the pacifiers when they hear sounds that are familiar to them from before birth .
Newborns prefer their mother 's voice over anyone else 's ( even dad's ) .
They prefer hearing phrases from books they were read while in the womb , compared to new stories .
They 're even already favoring one language over another .
" Babies prefer the sound of their mother 's native language to others , " Moon said .
" Interestingly , they can distinguish between languages in the same rythmic class , like Spanish versus English .
But they can't tell the difference between similar sounding languages , like English and Dutch . "
Mothers ' speech seem to matter in other ways as well .
Moms who do n't mumble or slur their words together have children that can better recognize consonants at 6 - to - 8 months , and have bigger vocabularies at 10 - to - 12 months , compared to their peers .
This , and other research , has led Moon to theorize that language acquisition is a process that begins before we 're even born .
Seeing a better future
All this has big implications for infant health .
We know now that sensory experiences before birth play a role in making sure senses develop properly and that fetuses learn important post - birth behaviors .
That 's helped researchers better understand what happens to fetuses exposed to alcohol .
Too much alcohol makes for a fetus that does n't move around much and interacts less with its environment .
That means less sensory experience and , thus , less cognitive development .
Like the de-vocalized duck embryo , a fetus exposed to alcohol can't teach itself .
That sensory deprivation can even have physical impacts .
" One of the things the fetus experiences from alcohol exposure is reduced swallowing movements .
So it does n't have that stimulation of the gastro - intestinal system to help that system develop normally , " Jeffrey Alberts said .
Studying fetal senses has also helped doctors develop better ways of caring for premature infants .
These babies end up lacking a lot of the sensory experiences they need for normal development — the movement of being inside their mother , the smells and tastes of the womb , their mother 's voice — while simultaneously experiencing bright lights and loud noises that they would n't normally .
Imagine falling asleep in a hammock on a tropical night , and waking to find yourself being grilled under the light by a noir police detective .
That shock makes a difference in babies ' development , and helps put them at risk for a variety of cognitive and motor disorders , William Fifer said .
Sensory research has led to darker rooms for pre-term infants , turning down the harsh lights that can harm their not - quite - ready - for - primetime eyesight , Fifer said .
It 's also prompted hospitals to begin monitoring the babies ' brain waves and testing their hearing , looking for early signs that the baby in question might need therapeutic intervention .
" It 's only in the last few years that we 've been checking that as a matter of course , " he said .
" Now many nurseries measure brain activity because we know that if you see problems early on you can make a bigger difference . "
Main image courtesy Flickr user lunar_caustic , via CC .
Photo of 18 - hour - old baby participating in a speech / language perception experiment , , courtesy Christine Moon .
Get real .
Keep your head screwed on .
What result do you want ?
I will assume , dear Guardian reader , that like me you have two prime purposes .
One is to prevent Cameron walking into Downing Street on 7 May .
Equal first is to secure electoral reform so that we are never again presented with such a disgraceful voting choice .
If that 's not your view , you can save time , stop reading here and push off to some Murdoch organ that will amply satisfy your needs .
If you are still reading , then the choices on offer are somewhere between negligible and zero for almost everyone .
How to vote all depends on where you vote to keep Conservatives out and bring electoral reform in .
Start here : Ben Page , the head of Ipsos Mori says he will " run naked through the streets " if Nick Clegg wins this election .
That might be entertaining , but it 's not going to happen – or not on anything like present polling .
Stop and think long and hard about this .
Ipsos Mori does not stake its good reputation lightly on such predictions .
Do not expect Mr Page to be doing his Lady Godiva impression any time soon .
By all means tell pollsters that you will vote Liberal Democrat , but unless you succeed in getting the opinion polls to show the Lib Dems at 40 % or more – or some other extreme configuration – Nick Clegg has no chance of becoming the next prime minister .
None , zilch , zero .
I can't find a pollster who thinks that he will go over that critical threshold .
Hundreds of posters on Guardian threads yesterday wanted a Liberal Democrat win .
No surprise , since there is no doubt that Clegg was the best in both debates .
He talks human not slogans , he is sincere , and he stands by unpopular positions without trimming .
Those who squirmed at Gordon Brown asserting that Trident will protect us against Iran and North Korea – or his failure to answer on what to do about long - term illegal migrants , their children and , soon , grandchildren : stateless , exploited and paying no taxes – will think Clegg a brave and decent man .
So he is on human rights , and how to " punch above our weight " in Europe .
He might make a good prime minister .
But it wo n't happen this election because the abominable voting system makes it impossible .
Win electoral reform and he might win next time , if there is a rerun after we have got voting reform .
But until that day , never take your eye off the ball , whatever it takes .
If many go with heart not head against such ferocious odds , and Cameron gets the crown , electoral reform will be a dead duck , and it 's back to square one .
Siren voices saying that " they 're all the same " forget or were n't born in the 1980s .
I have never much minded what the best anti-Tory party is called , I just want the left of centre to win .
I will always back whichever group combines being furthest left with winnability : that 's always a trade - off .
Never let Conservatives win by siding with the unwinnable because you like the cut of their jib a bit better .
Do n't let the best be the enemy of the tolerable .
Do n't be tribal , stay focused on what the polls say and do n't indulge in : " If only everyone voted like me , we 'd win . "
It 's not a game .
The people who always , without fail , get hit hardest by Conservative governments are the powerless , the weakest , the voiceless – and they may not even vote .
It is an absolute certainty that inequality will always worsen under the Tories , always did , always will .
This time it will happen faster : Labour tried hard – not hard enough – and even then slipped back slightly .
No doubt Cameron and Osborne would prefer it did n't happen .
No doubt they would be embarrassed by the inevitable sudden rise in poverty – but they have no idea how much they need to keep redistributing through the next harsh years to match Labour 's record .
They have no plan to keep paying into anti-poverty programmes , especially Sure Start .
They would n't be Conservatives if that was their priority , and their Big Society can never fill the void .
Those who enjoy some of the nihilistic , mocking coverage of this election need to remember that .
Politics matters , maybe not much to my life – but to the life chances of many millions .
So what is the anti-Tory voter to do now ?
What do you do when the old two - party electoral system has finally collapsed into a genuine three - party contest ?
Look at the result according to yesterday 's BBC poll of polls : Clegg gets 30 % and a puny 102 seats , Cameron gets 33 % and only 258 seats , while Brown comes third with 27 % and emerges as the victor with 261 seats .
Every time you see a poll , go to the BBC 's brilliant election seat calculator for a nasty shock .
Work out any variety of options .
Labour may yet do far worse – but if so , Cameron wins , not Clegg .
Compass , one of the most imaginative of forward - thinking Labour groups along with the Fabians and Progress , has been pushing for proportional representation long before the cack - handed cabinet came round – too little , too late – to their pathetic alternative vote pledge .
Compass is balloting members today on whether to advocate tactical voting .
Savvy readers will have been voting tactically for years – but for a group more or less within a political party to advocate that Labour members should switch to the best anti-Tory chance in their constituency is a brave act .
Many have been throw out for it .
Ask the wise and defiant Labour members in Lewes , East Sussex , who were ejected for supporting their good Lib Dem MP , Norman Baker , in a seat where Labour had no chance .
Braver still , the Labour MP Jon Cruddas – a Compass leading light – has sailed as close to the wind as possible today in almost endorsing it : " I 'm urging everyone to vote Labour , but it 's clear that politics is changing before our eyes and we can not be in denial about that . "
Indeed not .
Every anti-Tory voter – Labour , Lib Dem , or of no fixed abode – needs to get real about where we are , within tantalising reach of radical reform .
Here we stand on the shifting sands of a fundamental and lasting change .
Believe me , I would rather write here about the political choice of my dreams , a high - flown vision of a golden dawn .
Voters plainly yearn for something better .
But I 'm sorry , unless some second earthquake lifts the Lib Dems over that impossible threshold , all progressives are stuck with the same old choice .
It 's low tactics , not high romance .
Vote what best keeps the Tory out where you are .
Buck that arithmetic at your peril .
One of President Obama ’s top economic advisers , former Fed chief Paul Volcker , sug gested this week that it ’s time for America to adopt a VAT , or value - added tax .
The White House yesterday downplayed the idea — but it ’s sure to resurface :
It ’s an inevitable consequence of a government that ’s too big now and likely to grow even bigger thanks to Washington ’s reckless spending spree .
Do n’t get me wrong :
The VAT — on top of all the other taxes Washington imposes — is a terrible idea .
Imposing it would pretty well finish the transformation of our country into a European - style slow - growth nation .
The right way to close Uncle Sam ’s gaping deficits is to reverse the continued explosion of federal spending .
The VAT is a type of national sales tax , levied on the value - added at each stage of production .
Consider a piece of furniture :
The VAT would be imposed when the raw timber is sold , when the sawmill produces lumber , when the manufacturer builds a chair , a tax at the wholesaler level and then when a retailer sells the chair to a consumer .
To avoid double taxation , each seller along the way gets a credit for taxes paid at earlier stages of the production process .
So the final tax to the consumer , at least in theory , is the same as a retail sales tax of the same amount .
The VAT has its virtues :
As a single - rate , consumption - based system , much like the flat tax or national sales tax , it would introduce far fewer economic distortions than today ’s income tax — and a heckuva lot less paperwork .
That would be a persuasive argument — if proponents wanted a VAT to replace the Internal Revenue code .
But that ’s not what ’s intended by Volcker — or Senate Budget Committee Chairman Kent Conrad and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who ’ve also been chatting up the VAT .
The politicians want a VAT , and they want to keep the income tax .
( To be more accurate , they want a VAT and to raise other taxes as well . )
They want the cash , of course , so they can continue buying votes by spending other people ’s money .
This decade already has seen a huge expansion of government .
In the Bush years , federal spending rose from $ 1.8 trillion in 2001 to $ 3.5 trillion in the last Bush budget .
Now President Obama is well on the way to doubling outlays yet again .
He has already saddled the economy with $ 800 billion of “ stimulus ” and a giant new health - care entitlement , and his proposals for next year will push the federal budget even higher .
Meanwhile , our aging population and the built - in growth in federal programs like Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security has a dramatic expansion in the size of government set to occur automatically in coming decades .
Simply stated , there ’s no way to finance all this new spending without an added broad - based tax .
But this is exactly why we should vigorously resist a VAT .
Blocking a VAT may not be sufficient to control the size of government , but it ’s necessary .
Handing Washington a whole new source of revenue would be akin to giving keys to a liquor store to a bunch of alcoholics .
The real - world evidence shows that VATs are strongly linked with both higher overall tax burdens and more government spending .
In 1965 , before the VAT swept across Europe , the average tax burden for advanced European economies ( the EU - 15 ) was 27.7 percent of economic output , versus 24.7 percent of GDP in the United States .
But the Europeans began imposing VATs in the late 1960s , and now the European Union requires all members to have a VAT of at least 15 percent .
Good news has not followed .
By 2006 , the average tax burden for EU - 15 nations had climbed to 39.8 percent , versus 28 percent in the United States .
The spending side ?
In 1965 , pre-VAT , government spending in EU - 15 nations averaged 30.1 percent of GDP , against 28.3 percent in the United States .
By 2007 , government spending consumed 47.1 percent of GDP in EU - 15 , significantly higher than the US burden of 35.3 percent .
Nor has the VAT stopped Europe from raising other taxes .
Taxes on income and profits consumed 8.8 percent of GDP in Europe in 1965 — below the US level of 11.9 percent .
By 2006 , the European burden had climbed to 13.8 percent of GDP , slightly higher than the 13.5 percent US figure .
( The same trend holds for corporate - tax data . )
Today ’s income - tax system is a nightmarish combination of class warfare and corrupt loopholes .
But adding a VAT solves none of those problems , it merely gives politicians more money to spend and a chance to auction off a new set of tax breaks to interest groups .
That ’s good for Washington , but bad for America .
Daniel J. Mitchell is a Cato Insti tute senior fellow .
It is n’t the sunniest place in the country , but New Jersey consistently earns one of the top spots in our annual ranking of the states for their friendliness to home solar .
The Garden State earns that top spot both because it has excellent legislative policy driving the solar marketplace , which includes the nation ’s top solar incentive : Solar Renewable Energy Credits , or SRECs for short .
Here are the most important things you need to know about SRECs :
Each SREC is worth about $ 200 to owners of solar systems in New Jersey
to owners of solar systems in New Jersey
The average homeowner can earn about 6 SRECs per year ( that ’s $ 1,200 , for those of you playing along at home )
, for those of you playing along at home )
You get SRECs for the first 10 years of owning your system ( that ’s $ 12,000 over 10 years . )
over 10 years . )
The SREC program will soon close to new applicants .
Maybe in 2019 , but certainly by 2021
Maybe in 2019 , but certainly by 2021 People who install solar before the end of the program can receive SRECs for the full 10 years
So that , uh … means you ’ve gotta act fast , and the cost of not acting could be $ 12,000 or more .
Local solar installers are the experts on making sure you get the most value for the SRECs your system can produce .
If you ’re ready to find out how much you can save with a solar panel installation for your home , get multiple quotes for solar from expert installers and make sure you get an estimate of the SRECs your system will produce .
The details of the current and historical SREC program are a little complicated , so let ’s delve in :
How do New Jersey SRECs work ?
Like we said above , SRECs are used as proof that a solar installation has generated electricity ; one SREC is earned each time a single solar system has generated a megawatt - hour ( MWh ) of electricity .
The reason SRECs are valuable is because utility companies in New Jersey are required by law to get a certain amount of their electricity from solar , and if they do n’t they ’re subject to high penalties called “ alternative compliance payments . ”
Buying SRECs to prove that solar generation is taking place in their distribution area is cheaper than paying the payments .
How can you sell your New Jersey SRECs ?
As part of the process of installing your new solar system , you ’ll get a new electric meter called a “ revenue - grade meter ” installed at your house , and you ’ll be invited to sign up for an account with the group that manages the electricity market in the northeast region , called the “ Pennsylvania - New Jersey - Maryland Interconnection , ” or PJM .
PJM maintains an SREC tracking system called a “ Generation Attribute Tracking System ” ( GATS ) .
Sorry about all the acronyms .
The electric utility industry absolutely loves them , but you wo n’t have to dip your toes in much deeper than this .
Once you ’re signed up for an account and your meter is recording generation , you ’ll be awarded an SREC each time your system generates a MWh of electricity .
At that time , you can log in to your GATS account , transfer the SREC to one of several available SREC aggregators ( they collect SRECs from lots of homeowners and sell them in bundles to the utility company ) , and get a check sent to you by your aggregator once the transfer completes .
It ’s a pretty painless process that you ’ll be able to engage in for 10 years , earning about $ 200 for every SREC you transfer .
Anyone who installs a solar system in New Jersey can earn SRECs … for now .
The program will end soon !
( ominous laugh )
When will the New Jersey SREC program end ?
The current SREC program has been successful for years .
New Jersey currently gets about 4 % of its electricity from solar power , and even as a small state , has the 5th - highest amount of solar of any state in the Union .
In fact , the program and New Jersey ’s solar requirements have been so successful that the government has decided that they ’re no longer necessary .
After the state hits 5.1 % of all energy coming from solar , the program will end .
Given how booming the New Jersey solar market is , that could happen within a year of this writing ( Sep 2018 ) , but the 2018 expansion of the state ’s Renewable Portfolio Standard requires that the SREC program end by 2021 at the latest .
If you have n’t yet installed solar on your home , that gives you between a year and 2.5 years to make it happen .
Do you want to gamble that it will take until 2021 to end the program ?
we would n’t .
Get a quote for solar from a local installer now .
How much money can you make with New Jersey SRECs ?
Here ’s where the rubber hits the road .
Considering you ’ll be jumping through a few hoops to get signed up witha new meter , a PJM - GATS account , an aggregator / buyer for your SRECs , and more , you ’d better be getting something worthwhile for your time and effort , right ?
We ’re here to tell you that the SREC program is worth the trouble .
Oh boy is it ever .
Let ’s explore the financial implications of installing solar in New Jersey , and show how SRECs make a huge difference :
The image above shows the difference between installing solar with and without the SREC program in place .
our estimated numbers are based on the average system for a home in New Jersey , capable of generating 5.35 - kW of electricity under full sun .
The total out - of - pocket cost for this system would be about $ 16,300 , but after the first year , energy bill savings and the federal solar tax credit would eliminate around $ 5,900 of that .
Here ’s where the differences start : by earning and selling SRECs , you will save an additional $ 1,250 ( approximately ) in the first year .
Each year for the next nine , you ’ll continue to reap the benefits of SREC sales , earning over $ 12,000 in that time .
The total time to pay back the cost of this average system using SRECs as well as other incentives is just 5 years .
Everything after that is gravy , and it adds up to over $ 36,000 in savings over the 25 - year warrantied life of the panels .
If , however , you snooze on the SRECs and end up with the same 5.35 - kW solar system , you ’ll end up waiting 10 full years for the system cost to be paid back , and end up with $ 12,000 less at the end of 25 years ( how long solar panels usually last ) .
Those are the facts as they exist today in New Jersey .
The question is , what are you going to do about it ?
Get quotes for solar today and get in the SREC program , or sit on the sidelines ?
In the latest issue of Nature , researchers from the universities of Freiburg and Basel report on their discovery of previously unknown subunits of the GABA B receptors in the central nervous system .
GABA B receptors are transmembrane proteins in nerve cells which are of fundamental significance for the functioning of the brain and have great therapeutical and pharmaceutical importance .
A team of scientists led by Prof. Dr. Bernd Fakler from the Institute of Physiology of the University of Freiburg and the Centre for Biological Signalling Studies BIOSS and Prof. Dr. Bernhard Bettler from the Department of Biomedicine of the University of Basel succeeded in conducting a comprehensive analysis of the composition of the brain 's GABA B receptors .
In the process the team identified four new components of the GABA B receptor complexes : the so - called KCTD proteins , members of a gene family which has not yet been described .
The researchers were able to demonstrate that the KCTD proteins determine both the pharmacological and the biophysical characteristics of the GABA B receptors .
Among other things , the newly identified proteins explain why the previously known subunits could not reproduce the characteristics of the brain receptors .
GABA ( = γ-amino - butyric acid ) receptors are the most important inhibitory neurotransmitter receptors of the central nervous system .
They prevent the nerve cells from overly strong activation , which can lead to neurological and psychiatric illnesses such as convulsions , depression , or anxiety .
There are currently two known types of GABA receptors , the GABA A and GABA B receptors .
GABA
A receptors are responsible for rapid inhibition of the brain and are the main site of action of important drugs like valium , which is used to treat anxiety conditions , in the therapy of epileptic seizures , and as a sleeping aid .
GABA B receptors are important for more long - term inhibition of the nerve cells .
Drugs which activate GABA B receptors are used to treat spinal cord injuries and multiple sclerosis as well as in therapies for addiction and narcolepsy .
The findings published in Nature could be of great therapeutical use .
Scientists believe that it will soon be possible to develop drugs which selectively influence a particular subtype of receptor .
The advantages of such drugs could include a reduction in side effects as well as entirely new therapeutic applications .
There ’s a public radio show in Canada , hosted by Jonathan Goldstein , called WireTap .
In a recent episode , Adam Davidson ( of NPR ’s Planet Money podcast ) told a story about how his atheist family hired a Baptist minister for his atheist grandmother ’s funeral .
They told him the family was not religious .
You can guess what happened next …
There was essentially a fire - and - brimstone service in which he said the grandmother would be going to hell .
During the episode , Goldstein and Davidson call that minister up to ask why he did that .
You get to hear the entire conversation .
Afterwards , they share their conclusions .
Perhaps not the same conclusions you thought you would hear …
You can download the episode by clicking here and searching for “ How to Say Goodbye . ”
Or you can directly download the MP3 .
( Thanks to Duncan for the link ! )
Ennis , a first - round draft choice ( 26th overall ) by the Buffalo Sabres in 2008 , leads all AHL rookies with 23 goals ( tied ) , 42 assists and 65 points in 69 games for Portland this season .
He is also second with six game - winning goals and third with nine power - play tallies .
Ennis ’s first four professional points came courtesy of a hat trick plus an assist vs. Hartford on Oct. 16 , his first of 18 multiple - point efforts on the season .
The 20 - year - old native of Edmonton , Alta. , represented the Pirates at the 2010 AHL All - Star Classic in Portland and was voted the most valuable player of the All - Star Game .
He also scored a goal in his National Hockey League debut with Buffalo on Nov. 14 and has gone on to post three goals and five assists for eight points in seven games with the Sabres .
This award , which was first presented by the AHL in 1947 , honors the late Dudley ( Red ) Garrett , a promising young player who lost his life during World War II while serving in the Royal Canadian Navy .
Garrett split his only pro season , 1942 - 43 , between the AHL ’s Providence Reds and the NHL ’s New York Rangers .
Ennis becomes the second consecutive Portland player to win the Garrett Award , following Nathan Gerbe in 2009 .
Other previous winners of the Garrett Award include Terry Sawchuk ( 1949 ) , Wally Hergesheimer ( 1951 ) , Jimmy Anderson ( 1955 ) , Bill Sweeney ( 1958 ) , Roger Crozier ( 1964 ) , Gerry Desjardins ( 1968 ) , Rick Middleton ( 1974 ) , Darryl Sutter ( 1980 ) , Pelle Lindbergh ( 1981 ) , Steve Thomas ( 1985 ) , Ron Hextall ( 1986 ) , Brett Hull ( 1987 ) , Felix Potvin ( 1992 ) , Darcy Tucker ( 1996 ) , Daniel Briere ( 1998 ) , Tyler Arnason ( 2002 ) , Darren Haydar ( 2003 ) , Wade Dubielewicz ( 2004 ) , Rene Bourque ( 2005 ) , Patrick O'Sullivan ( 2006 ) , Brett Sterling ( 2007 ) and Teddy Purcell ( 2008 ) .
Currently in its 74th season of play , the AHL continues to serve as the top development league for all 30 National Hockey League teams .
More than 85 percent of today ’s NHL players are American Hockey League graduates , and more than 58 million fans have attended AHL games across North America over the past nine years .
The 2009 - 10 season ends on Sunday , and 16 clubs will continue to vie for the league ’s coveted championship trophy when the 2010 Calder Cup Playoffs get underway next week .
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Istanbul
A Turkish teenager found dead in a hole next to her house was probably buried alive , a post - mortem examination has revealed .
Medine Memi , 16 , was found in the hole in December .
Large amounts of soil were in her lungs and stomach , according to a source who has seen the report .
Her father and grandfather have been arrested , but not charged .
So - called " honour killings " take place every year in Turkey despite government moves to stamp out the practice .
Two months after police found Medine 's body buried in the garden of her family home , a team of doctors at a university in Malatya has completed the post - mortem examination .
According to a source who has seen their report , there was only minor bruising on her body , and no evidence of her being drugged .
Concrete covered
Her hands had been tied behind her back , and they discovered large amounts of soil in her lungs and stomach .
The autopsy has concluded that she was almost certainly buried alive .
The police went to her home after a neighbour reported that Medine had not been seen for a month .
They found her body in a hole , newly covered with concrete , next to the hen - house .
A local organisation that campaigns against honour killings said the victim , one of 10 children , had gone three times to the police to complain that she was being beaten , but she was sent back to her family each time .
A member of the organisation visited Medine 's mother a few days after her body was found , but she was too distraught to give them much information .
Conservative community Medine , who had never been to school , lived in Kahta , a town in the mainly Kurdish south - east of Turkey , where most honour killings have taken place .
The town is known for being very conservative and religious ; it is a stronghold of the once powerful Naksibendi Islamic sect , which was banned by modern Turkey 's founding father Ataturk in 1925 but has revived in recent years .
But while it is true that most such killings are carried out in conservative Muslim communities , the practice is linked more to the customs of this region of Turkey , than to religious belief .
When girls or women are deemed to have stained the family honour , by behaviour as innocent as simply talking to boys , there is strong peer pressure from the community on the male members of the family to restore their honour , say groups working on the issue in the south - east .
The only way allowed by their code is to kill the girl or woman - usually a young man is given the task after a family council meeting , and the method and location of the killing are discussed in detail .
Emotional state Afterwards , the family will try to pretend she never existed .
The government has tried to curb the practice by changing the guidance given to judges .
In the case of honour killings they are no longer allowed to use mitigating factors like the accused 's emotional state to reduce sentences .
But this has so far had a limited impact .
According the statistics from the prime minister 's office , there were 16 honour killings in Medine 's province of Adiyaman between 2003 and 2007 .
NGOs say the official figures are almost certainly too low .
Last year a Turkish man was sentenced to life imprisonment in London for the murder of his 15 - year - old daughter a decade earlier .
Her body has never been found .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
1 2 3 4 next »
Health Check : Mandriva
Catch a falling star
by Richard Hillesley
Mandriva began life in July 1998 as Linux Mandrake in France in Gael Duval 's bedroom after he ported a KDE 1.0 desktop onto Red Hat Linux 5.1 , uploaded the result onto two FTP servers , went away on holiday , and came back to find that he had a popular and successful Linux distribution on his hands .
KDE 1.0 had just been released ( 12 July , 1998 ) , but Red Hat had yet to include the desktop environment because of reservations about the licensing of the Qt C++ cross platform GUI toolkit , on which KDE was built .
Duval not only included the latest version of KDE , but added touches of his own such as making " access to the CD - ROM and Floppy drives transparent ( e.g. no need to mount disks by typing " mount /dev / ... " ) . "
When Duval returned from his two week holiday there were more than two hundred messages waiting for him , " including new ideas , one patch , and two companies ( located in the US and Australia ) announcing that they had already started selling Mandrake on CDs . "
The combination of Red Hat and KDE proved a winning combination for Linux Mandrake , and began a roller coaster ride for Mandrake / Mandriva and its developers that has continued to this day .
The Kool aid acid test
The choice of KDE was the first momentous step for Mandrake .
The Kool Desktop Environment , later known as the K Desktop environment and even later just as KDE , had been launched by Matthias Ettrich with an announcement on de.comp.os.linix.misc in October 1996 .
KDE was revolutionary in its time because it was the first attempt to create a truly integrated desktop environment for Unix - like operating systems .
Ettrich was a student and lead developer on the LyX project which brought a " what you see is what you mean " ( WYSIWYM ) front end to LaTeX , and became interested in the wider problem of developing a coherent and accessible desktop for Linux after installing Linux on his girlfriend 's computer .
Linux had a variety of window managers , but no comprehensive toolkit for the development of applications with a common look and feel .
For Ettrich , the Qt libraries , developed by Trolltech of Norway , were the answer to the problem .
But the use of Qt as a framework for KDE became the source of yet another problem .
Qt was open source in the sense that the code was visible , but the license was n't approved or compatible with the GPL .
Since nearly all KDE applications were written under the GPL , this meant that the applications were in violation of their own licences .
A legacy to all humanity
Miguel de Icaza , at that time a rising star of the free software movement and co-creator , with Federica Mena , of the rival GNOME project , expressed the mixed feelings of many users and developers .
" KDE was an inspirational project , " he told Linux Journal , " but at the time , the Qt toolkit on which KDE was built was a proprietary toolkit . "
" It was a disgrace , " he lamented , " that everyone in the community had worked so hard to create a fully open - source desktop ( a legacy to all humanity ) that we would give up in the end because of the lack of a free toolkit . "
Ettrich took a more pragmatic approach .
" For the success of KDE , a stable , controlled basis class library was an important factor , " he said in 1998 .
" It could have been an open source one , of course , if one was available .
We in the KDE team wanted to write free software . "
GNOME was sponsored by the Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) as a response to the problems around Qt , and was based on the Gtk toolkit developed by Peter Mathis and Spencer Kimball for GIMP , but Ettrich felt that Qt was the better option .
" Gtk + is an impressive and very complete toolkit .
If only it was written in C++ , the decision between Qt and Gtk would have been really hard .
As it is now , Qt programming is much easier , requires less code and feels more natural . "
Qt later went through a variety of license changes , and the issues between KDE , which had been the subject of a protracted flame war , and the free and open source software community , have long since been resolved .
Red Hat Linux never used KDE as its default desktop , choosing instead to go with GNOME , which left the door open for Duval and Mandrake .
Next : Catch a falling star
1 2 3 4 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-944358
How could such a pervasive part of modern life still be so easily misunderstood ?
Electricity is the invisible force at the very center of almost all the enabling technologies of our Modern world , and has filled this role for quite awhile now , so it might come as a surprise to many that it actually does n’t operate anywhere near as well as it could , or should .
In fact , this incredibly powerful and pervasive amenity has actually been under increasing pressure and burden as a result of its poorly aging design concepts that are based in distribution principals set down well over a century ago , and which are now are in dire need of upgrading .
By looking at some of the ‘ Smart Grid ’ or Grid 2.0 concepts that have been getting renewed attention of late , we see all sorts of progressive ideas to better deliver a product that already travels to the Customer at the speed of light , but that is currently still often getting managed and brokered via analogue links and mechanical switches , along distribution systems that were never really meant to accept power , rather than distribute it …and that ’s just where the shortcomings begin .
Electricity is already a rather tricky commodity to supply , because it really is n’t a tangible ‘ product ’ to begin with …
It ’s more like a constant “ line pressure ” that jiggles back and forth 60 times a second , and needs to be maintained ( in real time no less ) up to a strict performance standard , despite unpredictable fluctuations in demand , and the notoriously slow reaction times of inter - grid transactions , and cumbersome ramp - up rates of generation capacity on the supply side .
All of which is being provisioned via same basic transmission methods ( albeit a lower voltage standard ) that the Grid was based upon well over a century now .
If you think the challenges on the Supply side offer promising opportunities for optimization , then you ’ll really be impressed by the gains that could be made on the Consumer end !
But first , if electricity remains the de-facto standard for how energy gets transmitted and used to power Life as we know , and if we really expect to revolutionize ( or at least properly upgrade ) the way we distribute and use this ‘ power ’ , then perhaps we need to consider the true nature , and price volatility of this artificially stabilized commodity .
From there we could discover some of the new ways to optimize workflow in a 2.0 version of our old standard …
Pop - Open “ GRID2.0 : Why Upgrade ? ” if you ’re not sure what the fuss is about
So let ’s establish a baseline for electrical supply to begin… Electrical energy is clean , omnipresent , and requires very little thought or even basic understanding to use effectively , with no more expertise required than inserting foolproof plugs , and flicking a switch in most cases .
It ’s also considered a fact of life that is at our easy and economical disposal because it ’s been so relatively cheap and plentiful for so long now …
At least in the Western World .
As such , most of us just take it for granted , and simply consume it indiscriminately and at will .
As a result , we ’ve never really needed to learn how to truly manage electric power effectively enough to become savvy Consumers , and at best only grasp the basics of conservation by relying on more energy efficient appliances to do the thinking for us .
Most people can prove this subtle fact to themselves by staring at the cryptic dials on their household power meters to determine how much they really know about their own energy consumption habits .
So basically , because electricity has been too easy , for too long , most of the Market would have to learn how to better manage its power consumption first , before taking the next step to becoming effective ( micro ) Producers / Suppliers someday …
In order to realize the benefits of flattened hierarchies , and the peer - to - peer connections of an idealized Grid 2.0 based electricity market .
But the prospects are compelling nonetheless …
So to get to an idealized Market that is fully responsive to sensors and other feedback mechanisms to enable a level of data and automation that would make the Electricity Market the living envy of every other commodity market on the planet …
We still have to absorb and convert the basic motivating factors that exist to upgrade the grid .
So even though Electricity makes our entire modern world go round , it remains a surprisingly misunderstood resource , that we ’ve come to easily think of as a “ product ” that simply flows through lines of distribution like some sort of moving fluid that can be increased or decreased to meet demand at our end .
Few of us realize that it ca n’t be warehoused and released later to meet spikes in demand , or just turned down when there is n’t enough to go around .
Rather it ’s more of a “ pressure ” that must be constantly maintained to strict technical standards , even if that means running a wasteful surplus to cover off the shortcomings of a dumb / mechanical distribution system !
Al while also responding in real time to consumption and demand patterns ( and spikes ) by varying output in real time right back at its various sources .
… and that just where the difficulties start !
Where Trouble Starts
Buyers expect a homogenized / stable price for electricity , but this shields them from the reality of the actual market .
Consumption ( therefore demand ) is very difficult to forecast , and even recurring daily patterns become unpredictable by the effects of ( equally unpredictable ) changes in temperature , cloud cover , or even television specials and industrial usage spikes .
Demand is completely insensitive to price / cost fluctuations , and exhibits virtually no price responsiveness –
So people consume indiscriminately , and without regard to supply
Suppliers face strict and binding technical restrictions on production capacity during peak demand
This creates great differences between shortage and surplus levels , and further aggravates pricing volatility at the wholesale level
Regulators impose longer - term contract pricing to try and moderate this volatility , but this becomes a dis-incentive for investing in excess capacity , and hinders general market flexibility .
Storage has been prohibitively costly , and remains an uneconomical ideal .
Any significant mismatch between supply and demand could damage the entire system , and disrupt delivery of the product for EVERYONE through cascading failures !
So historically , it ’s never really been possible ( let alone practical ) to store electricity on a large scale ( to moderate supply / demand ) , rather than try to match demand in real time .
So various forms of generation exist either for base - load requirements , or peak demand , and any shortcomings need to be bought at a premium either from neighboring utilities , or distant brokers .
This difficult situation is being made even more obvious by the emergence of smaller renewable sources that wish to participate in the wider market , yet which cannot participate in a reliable or large enough capacity to overcome their built in cost disadvantage … .
Yet .
The upshot here is that these highly unpredictable renewable sources are making the shortcomings of our current systems plainly obvious to everyone , not just the engineers who ’ve been fighting a losing battle to “ upgrade ” for decades now already .
The rising costs of energy are also making marginal losses and inefficiencies within the old / current Grid more significant , which also adds to the argument to upgrade in terms that evey can understand … Direct Cost savings .
There are many other exciting aspects of GRID 2.0 proposals as well that we will explore the next time , but in the meantime you might be curious about why our grid was n’t built properly to begin with , and why it has been so difficult to start future - proofing long ago before we see started more widespread blackouts , as the system was pushed further and further past its aging limits .
If you ’re curious about how the Past created our Present situation , and how these lessons can help shape the Future you can consider : GRID2.0 : Why Upgrade ?
For those of you are are interested in the enormous power for Social Change that can be unleashed by changing the way we produce , distribute and consume electrical energy , we ’ve also previously looked at the social challenges of Energy Policy , and realized that many of our most pressing societal issues and opportunities that we face as dependent Consumers of electrical power are actually reflections of the same types of issues that arise from corporate and human power structures .
Except that this time we can entirely redefine these age - old problems through progressive new Energy Policy directions that
Consider the The Power of Social Change
SOURCES
— — — ——
–
Click to access pwp081.pdf
I like to spice up Language Arts classes with mini–lessons in etymology and the kids are always pumped to learn where words come from .
I 'm running a little dry though , and am hoping metafilter knows of some really fun ones .
Thank you for your time .
The etymology of the word " glamour " comes from the word " grammar " .
Over time , the " r " eroded to an " l " and became associated with someone who was high–falutin .
This is possibly my favourite etymological story , and I like sharing it with my students .
I got it from a book called " Thereby Hangs a Tale " .
Metafilter , what are your favourite etymological stories ?
Canada ’s security forces refuse to release their files on long dead CCF - NDP leader
By Vic Neufeld
10 April 2010
A recent Canadian Security and Intelligence Service ( CSIS ) decision to block the full release of police files dealing with a long dead leader of the social - democratic New Democratic Party and its predecessor , the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation ( CCF ) , has underscored CSIS ’s function as a political and thought police directed , first and foremost , against the working class and left .
In November 2005 , Jim Bronskill , a Canadian Press reporter specializing in security , intelligence and other justice - related issues , filed an access - to - information request for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police ’s ( RCMP ) file on T.C. Douglas .
The request was prompted by the approaching twentieth anniversary of Tommy Douglas ’s death , as personal files compiled by the RCMP ’s Security and Intelligence Branch can be released through Canada ’s access - to - information law twenty years after a subject ’s death .
Douglas , Saskatchewan ’s CCF premier from 1944 - 61 and the NDP ’s first federal leader , died of cancer at age 81 in February 1986 .
Bronskill ’s interest in the RCMP ’s surveillance of Douglas was also likely prompted by the renewed interest in him occasioned by a fall 2004 CBC ( Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ) audience - participation television program that selected him “ the greatest Canadian . ”
In response to Bronskill ’s request , Library and Archives Canada , to which Douglas ’ RCMP file had been transferred by CSIS , released a 1,142 - page dossier .
But , under CSIS ’s supervision , it had blacked out approximately 30 percent of the dossier ’s content “ due to national security concerns . ”
Bronskill then complained to the Office of the Information Commissioner , but the Commissioner upheld the state ’s decision to prevent access to much of the Douglas dossier .
In addition , hundreds of other pages , though decades old , also apparently remain completely sealed .
In October 2009 Bronskill and the Canadian Press filed a motion with the Federal Court of Canada challenging the Information Commissioner ’s decision and seeking the release of the full RCMP dossier on Douglas .
Paul Champ , an Ottawa human rights lawyer who has represented Guantanamo Bay detainee Omar Khadr and Canadians tortured abroad with the complicity of the Canadian state , is donating his time to the Douglas case , because he believes that the public has a right to see the “ full historical ” record , including the extent of the RCMP ’s surveillance of the long time social - democrat .
Scott White , the editor - in - chief of the Canadian Press , argues Canadians have a right to know what ’s in Douglas ’ file .
“ This is Canada ’s history that we ’re talking about .
After all these years , with all the principals long gone , there ’s no logical reason to keep this information from the public . ”
CSIS — which at its creation in 1984 assumed many of the RCMP ’s political police functions — disagrees .
In a January 21 , 2010 affidavit , CSIS ’s access - to - information co-ordinator , Nicole Jalbert , stated , “ I believe that the records for which access was denied contain information which could reasonably be expected to be injurious to the conduct of international affairs , the defence of Canada or any state allied or associated with Canada or the detection , prevention or suppression of subversive or hostile activities . ”
Jalbert was particularly concerned to suppress any information that might shed light on RCMP intelligence - gathering and help identify those who acted as police informers decades ago , for fear that it would disrupt the ongoing use of informers by Canada ’s security services .
“ These people , ” declared Jalbert , “ still have families and reputations .
How are you going to recruit somebody if you ca n’t guarantee their anonymity ? ”
Although some of the suppressed material dates from the 1930s and Douglas himself has been dead for almost a quarter century , Jalbert insisted that his dossier “ is quite contemporary . ”
She further argued that the information in Douglas ’ file could be used to probe CSIS - RCMP procedures and administrative methodologies , including how the agency manages investigations .
“ The origin of information , ” she asserted , “ its extent and the methods by which it was obtained must remain a secret . ”
A Baptist minister and Christian socialist , Douglas was never anything more than a moderate social - democrat .
In the late 1920s he advocated eugenics as a means of curbing poverty .
His university ’s master ’s thesis , entitled “ The Problems of the Subnormal Family , ” advocated sterilizing the poor .
Under the impact of the Great Depression , which triggered an especially sharp fall in living standards in Saskatchewan , Douglas became active in the CCF , an organization whose politics married North American agrarian populism , Fabian socialism , and laborism .
With Douglas at its helm , the CCF was swept to power in 1944 in Saskatchewan , becoming North America ’s first “ socialist ” government .
In reality , Douglas ’ CCF government pursued cautious reforms , creating a number of government - owned or Crown Corporations to promote economic development and introducing social - welfare legislation , much of which would not have been out of place in Bismarck ’s Germany .
During the 1950s , Douglas ’ government created Canada ’s first free hospital - care program and the year after he moved on to become leader of the newly launched NDP , Saskatchewan ’s CCF - NDP government fulfilled a longstanding pledge to create a universal public health care insurance program .
This program subsequently became the model for Canada ’s public health insurance scheme , Medicare .
Less well - remembered is the Saskatchewan government ’s role in transforming the province into the world ’s largest uranium exporter .
Much of the province ’s output went to support US nuclear weapons production .
Douglas was selected as the first leader of the NDP in part because he enjoyed the confidence of the Canadian Labour Congress officialdom .
A large section of the union bureaucracy had long refused to support the CCF so that they could have their hands free to maneuver with the Liberals .
But in creating the NDP , the social - democrats watered down their reformist program still further , as evidenced in the party ’s choice of name , which evokes the US Democratic Party .
Even more decisive in winning the union bureaucracy ’s support was the CCF leadership ’s role in helping purge Communists and other militant workers from the unions in the early stages of the Cold War .
Under Douglas ’ leadership the NDP helped prop up Lester Pearson ’s federal Liberal government during the middle 1960s .
To his credit , Douglas and the NDP opposed the Trudeau Liberal government ’s suspension of basic civil liberties in Quebec in the fall of 1970 under the draconian War Measures Act .
Douglas ’ political physiognomy is aptly summarized in a brief excerpt from Leon Trotsky ’s writings on the problems of the British working class .
“ Throughout the whole history of the British Labour movement there has been pressure by the bourgeoisie upon the proletariat through the agency of radicals , intellectuals , drawing - room and church socialists and Owenites who reject the class struggle and advocate the principle of social solidarity , preach collaboration with the bourgeoisie , bridle , enfeeble and politically debase the proletariat . ”
Yet Douglas was subjected to surveillance by Canada ’s security forces throughout his political career , even as he served as a provincial premier , federal party leader and MP .
Indeed , shortly before Douglas ’ retirement in the late 1970s the RCMP recommended that the file on this rightwing social democrat remain open because “ there is much we do not know about Douglas . ”
The state surveillance of Douglas speaks volumes about the character of Canadian democracy .
If the forces of the state went to such lengths to spy on a politician whose career was dedicated to policing the working class , to preaching the possibility of humanizing capitalism through parliamentary reforms and collective bargaining , and today , decades later , are so determined that the veil not be lifted on their apparatus of surveillance , what methods have and will they use to suppress militant workers and revolutionary socialists ?
Up is down , black is white , and men are the world 's most oppressed minority .
That 's why a group of brave souls have decided it 's long past time for a new academic program to confront this oppression head on : Male Studies .
" This came out of the contentious business of gender studies , " says Lionel Tiger , professor of anthropology at Rutgers University .
" It ’s not men ’s studies as contrasted with women ’s studies .
It ’s a study of males without all the ideology and self - righteousness of feminists about turning over patriarchy . "
There is already an academic program that examines gender roles and masculinity .
It 's called men's studies , and it has existed since the 1970s .
But for Lionel Tiger and his colleagues , men 's studies is insufficient .
The supporters of the new discipline believe that existing programs are biased toward feminist ideology and critique masculinity rather than study it .
" Much of it has to do with the almighty females , " Tiger says .
" A lot of feminist argument is just irritating . "
And that 's the problem for the sanctimonious male studies set .
The already existing men's studies programs do not critique the irritating , self - righteous almighty feminists .
They do not examine the myriad ways that men have become subjugated , oppressed , and feminized .
And that 's why , earlier this month , Lionel Tiger and others gathered at Wagner College to host a symposium on how to create a new academic field to help men stand up to the powerful matriarchal structure of society that has kept men oppressed for far too long .
And we know just whose fault this is , do n't we ?
The culprit , said Tiger , is feminism : " a well - meaning , highly successful , very colorful denigration of maleness as a force , as a phenomenon . "
Tiger has a long history of blaming women and feminists for threatening the sacred power structure .
He has spent the past several decades arguing that the world has pretty much gone to hell in a hand basket ever since women started controlling their own reproduction with the availability of the pill and the legalization of abortion .
In the good old days of manly manliness , men could fuck women without consequence , but once women were able to do the same , they seized control from men , and it 's been a downward spiral ever since .
And that 's not all .
The situation is so dire that men are now silently suffering behind what Dr. Edward Stephens , Chairman of the Foundation for Male Studies , calls " the lace curtain , " which apparently is like the glass ceiling that keeps women from attaining economic and political parity -- but , you know , for men .
It prevents men from receiving equal pay for equal work , getting elected or appointed to the highest offices in the land , reaching senior management positions in business doing stuff .
Denigration of maleness ?
Lace curtains ?
No wonder Miles Groth , another sponsor of the symposium , believes a male studies program is so desperately needed :
The male studies program initiative and a degree in the discipline as proposed would give serious attention for the first time to the unique experience and history of human beings who are male .
Yes , because our entire educational system has , for too long , ignored the contributions of men to history , art , literature , politics , economics , and science .
Is n't it about time we directed at least a little attention and appreciation to men's experience throughout history ?
Groth wants to incorporate the valuable lessons of Principles 101 : Feminism , Manhood and You into a new male studies program .
Lessons like this :
Do not tolerate disorderly behavior from women .
You will only cause yourself more problems in the long run .
And this :
Feminism trains women to feel they unilaterally deserve what men have earned .
And this :
Simply put , Manhood is your authority — the proper form necessary to govern the lives of others , especially women .
Yes , this sounds like a worthwhile academic program , does n't it ?
Teaching men how to reassert their authority to better govern the lives of others -- especially women .
Of course , the proponents of male studies are n't quite that blatant about their agenda .
Instead , they insist that the number one justification for creating a male studies program is what they call the " boy crisis " -- the trend of girls outperforming boys in school and enrolling in college in greater numbers .
Something must be done about this crisis before men are all but obsolete .
It 's such a " crisis , " in fact , that the token female organizer of the symposium , Christina Hoff Sommers , has written an entire book about it : The War Against Boys : How Misguided Feminism Is Harming Our Young Men .
Just one problem with the " boy crisis , " though .
It 's bullshit .
The " boy crisis , " the report says , has been used by conservative authors who accuse " misguided feminists " of lavishing resources on female students at the expense of males and by liberal authors who say schools are " forcing all children into a teacher - led pedagogical box that is particularly ill - suited to boys ' interests and learning styles . "
To the male studies set , it 's a zero sum game .
Women 's success means men's failure .
And that success rightfully belongs to men .
Proponents of male studies are like teabaggers who whine that they just want their country back , and they want it back from those irritating , self - righteous feminists who have stolen men's manhood with their feminizing " equal rights " claptrap .
Some defenders of male studies argue that it 's only fair .
If women get their own area of study , should n't men ?
Is n't that equality ?
The short answer ?
No .
Women 's studies emerged out of a need to give visibility and acknowledgment to the half of the population that had been left out of everything , including academia .
It provided a way for women to understand and fight to change a patriarchal structure that designated them second - class citizens .
But men are not invisible second - class citizens .
The entire education system is an examination , by default , of men and their experience in the world .
They do not need to learn how to stand up to the power structure that subjugates them .
They have controlled the world since the beginning of human history , and despite the concerns of male studies proponents , a couple decades of women 's studies classes and Title IX and access to birth control have not forced them to cower , powerless and emasculated , before the almighty women who now run everything .
This is n't really about women 's studies or male studies .
It 's about the last desperate cry of a generation of men who insist that an even playing field puts them at a disadvantage , that fairness is n't fair .
It 's about fear of losing a system that has always privileged them and needing someone to blame for it .
It 's about throwing a pity party because for the first time in human history , men are having to share the power they have always assumed was their birthright .
And that 's actually a good thing .
That massive amount of money that business groups such as the Business Software Alliance ( BSA ) and the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) claim is being lost due to piracy and copyright infringement ?
Well , fuggedaboutit .
Such is the conclusion of a 37 - page report ( pdf ) by the US Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , the independent , nonpartisan agency that , as its mission statement explains , provides the US Congress " with timely information that is objective , fact - based , nonpartisan , nonideological , fair , and balanced " .
That 's " fair , and balanced " as in fair and balanced , and not as in the tagline of Rupert Murdoch 's Fox News .
The GAO report , entitled " Intellectual Property : Observations on Efforts to Quantify the Economic Effects of Counterfeit and Pirated Goods , " was commissioned by the US Congress in October 2008 with the passage of a bill with a convoluted title that reveals the viewpoint of the bill 's sponsors : the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 , or the PRO - IP Act - a bit of acronymage that follows the great American tradition of crafting legislative acronyms that carry not - so - subtle messages ( cf. the USA PATRIOT Act ) .
The report acknowledges that the protection of intellectual property is a good thing :
" The importance of patents and other mechanisms to enable inventors to capture some of the benefits of their innovations has long been recognized in the United States as a tool to encourage innovation . "
It also goes out of its way to recognize that piracy and copyright infringement do , indeed , have negative effects upon US companies and citizens .
However , the report does take issue with the damage figures being bandied about by business groups that seek to tighten intellectual - property enforcement .
Specifically , according to the GAO : " Three widely cited U.S. government estimates of economic losses resulting from counterfeiting cannot be substantiated due to the absence of underlying studies . "
It 's worth citing the GAO 's comments on those three studies in full :
First , a number of industry , media , and government publications have cited an FBI estimate that U.S. businesses lose $ 200 - $ 250 billion to counterfeiting on an annual basis .
This estimate was contained in a 2002 FBI press release , but FBI officials told us that it has no record of source data or methodology for generating the estimate and that it cannot be corroborated .
Second , a 2002 [ US Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) ] press release contained an estimate that U.S. businesses and industries lose $ 200 billion a year in revenue and 750,000 jobs due to counterfeits of merchandise .
However , a CBP official stated that these figures are of uncertain origin , have been discredited , and are no longer used by CBP .
A March 2009 CBP internal memo was circulated to inform staff not to use the figures .
However , another entity within DHS continues to use them .
Third , the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association reported an estimate that the U.S. automotive parts industry has lost $ 3 billion in sales due to counterfeit goods and attributed the figure to the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) .
The [ Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) ] has also referenced this estimate in its report on counterfeiting and piracy , citing the association report that is sourced to the FTC .
However , when we contacted FTC officials to substantiate the estimate , they were unable to locate any record or source of this estimate within its reports or archives , and officials could not recall the agency ever developing or using this estimate .
Simply put , the GAO 's fair and balanced investigation into these claims of damages discovered that they were - not to put too fine a point on it - indefensible .
Why , in a world of countless birth control pills , the ring , the patch , implants , and condoms for women and men , do people still get pregnant unintentionally ?
Because there are a lot of people rooting against them .
On the eve of the Pill ’s 50th anniversary , Melinda Beck of the Wall Street Journal looks at how far contraception has come and asks why , still , nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unplanned .
Beck points out that contraception still presents a financial barrier for many people , and that culture and religion complicate things .
But , more importantly , she points to a behavioral tendency articulated by the National Campaign to End Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy in a 2009 report :
… many young people are in “ the fog zone ” in which their beliefs about pregnancy do n’t match their behaviors …
In a survey conducted by the Guttmacher Institute of 1,800 single men and women aged 18 to 29 , more than 80 percent of both sexes said it was important to them to avoid pregnancy right now , yet 43 % of those who are sexually active said they used no contraception or used it inconsistently .
People are not perfect .
We ’re not even ( in my opinion ) rational actors .
That ’s why we need A LOT OF HELP — education , improvement , support .
Some of this has to come from ourselves and some of it has to come from others .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
When it comes to education , we are still failing our youth .
There is no doubt that sex education works .
And yet many states continue to fight it .
Recently , in Nashville , a peer education program was shut down because a condom made an appearance in class ( Tennessee law “ bars ‘ contraceptive methods ’ from being brought into the classroom or distributed by even guest speakers ” ) .
According to the Guttmacher Institute :
Most states , including some that do not mandate the instruction itself , also place requirements on how abstinence or contraception should be handled when included in a school district ’s curriculum .
This guidance is heavily weighted toward stressing abstinence ; in contrast , while many states allow or require that contraception be covered , none requires that it be stressed .
People in many parts of the country , in all sorts of communities , are hostile to sex education .
Guttmacher ’s policy brief goes on to say that “ several states require that education on sex and STI / HIV be ‘ medically accurate ’ and / or appropriate for the age of the students . ”
Several ??
How about all ?
Sick as it seems , opponents of comprehensive sex ed have an interest in being able to be medically inaccurate — then they can cite outdated or fabricated statistics showing that condoms are only 70 percent effective or that birth control pills cause abortions .
So why , in a world of countless birth control pills , the ring , the patch , implants , and condoms for women and men , do people still get pregnant unintentionally ?
Because there are a lot of people rooting against them .
( CNN ) -- A string of " brazen attempts " to kill members of a gang task force in Riverside , California , has led to a $ 200,000 reward for information .
Authorities hope the reward will encourage people to come forward with information related to three booby traps targeting members of the Hemet Gang Task Force , part of a countywide initiative dedicated to combating gang - related violence in Riverside .
" These brazen attempts to kill police officers in the line of duty are an outrage and even a form of urban terrorism .
Our brave men and women in uniform put their lives on the line every day to keep our streets safe , " California Attorney General Jerry Brown said Thursday .
" We urge anyone with information on the attacks to come forward immediately . "
Brown was joined by Riverside District Attorney Rod Pacheco , Sheriff Stanley Sniff , Hemet Police Chief Richard Dana and Riverside County Supervisor Jeff Stone in the public appeal for information .
Multiple local , state and federal agencies , including the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives contributed to the reward .
Authorities believe the close timing and identical targets of the attacks indicate they could be related , said John Hall , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office .
On December 31 , 2009 , the unmarked headquarters of the Hemet Gang Task Force was targeted by someone who redirected the natural gas line on the roof into the building , filling up the office with deadly gas .
Two task force members entering the office smelled gas and backed away before flipping the light switch and potentially causing the building to explode .
On February 23 , a task force member at the Hemet headquarters opened a security gate outside the building , which launched a homemade zip gun attached to the gate .
The weapon fired , missing the officer 's head by inches .
The headquarters has since been moved to an undisclosed location , where extra security precautions are being taken , Hall said .
On March 5 , 2010 , criminals targeted a task force member who had parked an unmarked police car in front of a convenience store in Hemet .
The officer found what appeared to be a homemade pipe bomb hidden underneath the vehicle .
" There 's a person or people out there , a bunch of idiots that are trying to do damage to us .
We mean to catch them .
We mean to see them spend the rest of their life in jail , " Dana said .
" I 'm hoping now , with $ 200,000 , somebody 's gonna have noticed one of them , call us , tell us who it is , and let us get something done . "
Hemet is one of eight local , state and federal agencies that make up the Riverside County Gang Task Force , which was formed in 2006 to address the growth of criminal street gangs and outlaw motorcycle gangs countywide .
As the county expanded and its population grew , so did the presence and reach of organized crime , Hall said .
Since 1997 , the number of gangs in Riverside County has grown from 266 to 391 , according to the task force 's Web site , and total gang membership has grown to 10,620 members countywide .
Since the task force 's inception , the number of gang members and violent crimes has decreased and the amount of arrests and warrants served has increased , Hall said .
On Wednesday , at least 31 members of the Vagos motorcycle gang were arrested at locations throughout Riverside County in " Operation Everywhere , " which spanned four states .
Hall said he could not say whether the Vagos were believed to be involved in the Hemet booby traps , citing an ongoing investigation .
He said it was safe to assume that some gang activity was involved in the attacks .
" It 's possible that the gang members are feeling threatened , that we 're starting to impede on their activity and they 're retaliating , " he said .
" The investigation is still fluid and no arrests have been made , but they 're not targeting regular police .
It 's reasonable to believe that they are targeting members of the task force specifically . "
CNN 's Brett Roegiers contributed to this report .
If your language has a split header / buffer system to represent strings , and you support mutable strings , you probably have a copy - on - write system .
Copy - on - write ( or COW ) strings help you avoid making copies of buffers until necessary .
Given a 90 kb file containing the entire source code of a program , it 's likely the compiler , parser , runtime , and everything else has many , many strings pointing to various parts of the program .
If nothing ever writes to any of these strings , they can all share the same buffer .
You need a separate string header for each substring , but you can get away with a single buffer .
Parrot ( and by extension , Rakudo Perl 6 ) do this .
When you make a copy of a string , perhaps as a substring operation but also for some other reason , you allocate a new string header , but you copy the buffer pointer directly .
Then you update a flag in the new string header indicating that any modifications to that string need to make their own copies of the buffer , rather than modifying it in place .
This prevents you from modifying a buffer to which other string headers point .
This is all well and good .
Unfortunately , there was a bug in Parrot — not just a typo , but a deliberate bug .
The code which performs the actual copy portion of COW in Parrot checked for the COW flag , looked at the contents of the string header , and then copied the entire buffer into a new buffer .
If you have a 90 kb buffer representing the entire source code of your program and you have several dozen strings each representing a token in the parser sense , and if you want to modify those tokens , Parrot would allocate another 90 kb buffer for each string .
Worse , a comment in the code said " Let 's copy the entire buffer . "
That 's obviously wrong behavior , but the right behavior is n't as simple as it seems .
Obviously it 's important to copy only the relevant substring of the buffer before making modifications .
Yet when the specific encoding of the buffer is n't the simple one - character - per - byte you might expect if you 've never worked with anything more complex than Latin - 1 , you have to be careful about blindly copying memory around .
Sometimes bugs , even deliberate ones like this , paper over other problems elsewhere .
When Vasily and I fixed the encoding problem , memory use when bootstrapping Rakudo dropped by two thirds .
Unfortunately , performance suffered dramatically — but now that it was possible to build Rakudo again on machines with less than 2GB of memory , we decided it was better to build slowly than not at all , at least until we found the performance culprit .
That 's a story for next time .
In the meantime , very clever readers will have deciphered the subtext in these entries and the title and have probably already figured out what went wrong and why .
Thousands of commuters were left scrambling for an alternative way to get home after the blizzard forced the suspension of bus services in Barcelona and the closure of five suburban train lines in the Mediterranean port city .
Berlin recently became the first of Germany 's 16 federal states to allow children to legally make a noise .
Joanna Robertson , currently based in Berlin with two daughters , compares the varying attitudes to children she has encountered in Berlin , Paris , New York City and Rome .
Germany has strict laws to ensure children are seen but not heard
In the beginning , it was the telephone .
" Frau Robertson ? " " Yes ? "
" I know your daughter 's up there .
She 's playing , is n't she ? "
Then came the doorbell .
Neglecting , for once , to peep through the spy - hole I opened the door , all unawares .
There she stood , square in the hallway , the neighbour from the third floor .
A successful detective novelist with a penchant for Parisian murders , she muscled her way in and could not be muscled - out again for quite some time .
The problem ?
My three - year - old daughter , Miranda - weight : under three stone ; footwear : soft bedroom slippers - was allegedly making a noise .
Only she was not .
For my own and other families in our quiet , solid apartment building , Berlin 's concession to the sounds of childhood comes as an immense relief .
The reward for keeping quiet in class ?
The teacher gives out a balloon filled with freezing water , to burst upon the head of a fellow pupil of one 's choice
Children may now officially be children at least from Monday to Saturday , 0900 to 1900 .
For parents , there will at last be some protection from harassing neighbours .
" Excessive child noise , " warranted a police call - out to our building for the crying of a newborn baby and , one Saturday afternoon , a group of cheerful 12 - year - olds playing a game of Monopoly .
Berlin leaves me baffled .
True to the spirit of the Brothers Grimm , childhood here is filled with wonders , but is unexpectedly grim .
Two - faced
There are toyshops by the hundreds .
And puppet theatres .
Sweetshops .
Playgrounds with terrific slides .
Ice creams scattered with gummi-bear jelly sweets .
Sledging in winter , cycling in summer , tree - climbing and swimming in lakes .
But should a little child fall off her bike , passers - by will laugh out loud .
No mercy will be shown to a young child who has lost his ticket on the train , and beware like Hansel and Gretel children , those tempting German sweets .
Your teeth must be brushed three times a day , or Croko the Tooth Cleaning Crocodile might just gobble you up .
A Monopoly game meant a call from the police for some " noisy " youngsters
Take my elder daughter , Lilli's , junior school .
The reward for keeping quiet in class ?
The teacher gives out a balloon filled with freezing water , to burst upon the head of a fellow pupil of one 's choice .
An ancient history lesson included a film so gorily violent that even the toughest 10 - year - olds covered their eyes .
" That 's what life is like , " they were told .
There is the science mistress who carries a long cane to " tap " wayward pupils .
Recent school outings have included an unscheduled visit to a nuclear bunker , and a film about the struggles of an abandoned girl given up for international adoption .
Childhood controls
Back in middle - class Paris , such issues were censored .
Childhood was strictly controlled .
Small playgrounds , kept neat .
Climbing frames with minimum age restrictions .
Parks with formal lawns and avenues of white gravel , perfect for grazing children 's knees .
German and Italian parents differ radically on when to eat ice - cream
The school system drilled the nation .
From kindergarten upwards , Lilli was told when to sit , when to stand , when to go to the toilet .
She practiced , with her pen , curls and loops and has handwriting the same as everyone else in France .
There was speech therapy to perfect French children 's French vowels .
Lilli struggled home under the weight of her book - brimming schoolbag , sat almost daily tests and three times a year brought - in a school report that said little about her , but listed her marks and her position in class to the second decimal place .
In the two - hour lunch break in a small , bleak courtyard no books were allowed , and there was certainly no playing football with the boys .
Parental angst Life in Manhattan was all " developmental milestones " .
By the sandpit ( or " sandbox " ) , parents ' talk was anxious .
Would Maxwell master his pencil - hold , and get into that preschool ?
Why was two - year - old Ashley not doing better at maths ?
On the health front , the obsessions were hyper-activity , attention deficit disorder , dyslexia , and dyspraxia , all largely ignored in France , where all anyone talked about was bronchitis .
In Rome , it was paramount to cover one 's child , even in hot weather , in case a breeze or a sweat should lead to a sudden chill
Here in Germany , I have discovered it is bowels , whereas back in Italy , it was chills .
In Rome , it was paramount to cover one 's child , even in hot weather , in case a breeze or a sweat should lead to a sudden chill .
Ice - cream was never eaten on a cold day ( something German children would find extraordinary ) , and never in one 's Sunday best clothes , in case of spills .
In a culture where the child was so often the centre of attention , it seemed that messy clothes were the only taboo .
Lilli would happily rebel , making mud-pies , and fishing for tadpoles on the banks of the River Tiber .
Confused by so many conflicting cultures the other day , I booked a telephone appointment with an international parenting counsellor from Washington State in the US , and obediently got up at 0400 GMT to talk .
A soothing , disembodied voice from the Pacific North West recommended I immediately remove my children from school , that we all sleep together on cushions on the floor and switch to unpasteurised milk .
I rang off , and remembered my sensible , Scottish roots .
When it comes to one 's children , I reminded myself , mother always knows best .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent Radio Four : Saturdays , 1130 BST .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 BST ( some weeks only ) .
World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gunfire erupted inside an East Oakland church during a funeral Tuesday for an 18 - year - old man slain at his birthday party , but no one was struck by bullets , police said .
The shooting happened about 12:20 p.m. inside the Cosmopolitan Baptist Church at 988 85th Ave. , where more than 300 mourners were attending a funeral for Davante Riley , said Officer Holly Joshi , an Oakland police spokeswoman .
Riley was shot and killed earlier this month , allegedly by a 15 - year - old girl who was at his party .
" Everybody started shooting , " said a mourner who asked that she be identified only as Shawnie .
" Some people came from another area that did n't get along with ( Riley 's ) group or whatever .
Everybody was running .
Everybody was scared . "
Officers arrived and found " several people outside engaged in a fight , and several of those people were armed , " Joshi said .
Police put out a citywide emergency call , drawing officers from throughout Oakland as well as Alameda County sheriff 's deputies , state parole agents and the Oakland Housing Authority , Oakland schools and San Leandro police .
Officers wore riot gear outside the church .
" It 's very shocking , " said Lisa Taylor , administrator of the Whitted - Williams Funeral Home in Oakland , which organized the funeral service .
" I 'm sure the family is in shock .
They 're trying to have closure of their loved one . "
Witnesses and police said the shooting happened as the funeral was drawing to a close .
Numerous people pulled out weapons as mourners were getting ready for the procession to a Hayward cemetery .
Shots were fired in the church , and as people fled , there was a " large - scale fight in the middle of the street , " Joshi said .
" We are very lucky that no one was hit by these bullets , " Joshi said .
Several people were taken to hospitals after complaining of pain , possibly as a result of injuries sustained while trying to flee the gunfire , police said .
Police arrested five people for firearms - related and other offenses and recovered several weapons , Joshi said .
Riley was shot and killed at an apartment on the 2200 block of East 20th Street , near 23rd Avenue , at about 12:15 a.m.
April 18 , the day after he turned 18 , police said .
The girl apparently did not intend to shoot Riley , but she was charged as a juvenile with murder because she acted recklessly in pointing a . 22 - caliber gun at Riley and firing , said Assistant District Attorney Matt Golde .
He declined to elaborate on the circumstances that led to the slaying .
The girl 's name has not been released because of her age .
Everything you need to know about Zanzibar , Tanzania
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. stocks rose on Friday with the Dow surpassing 11,000 for the first time in a year - and - a - half after Chevron ’s upbeat outlook and wholesale inventories data reinforced bets on an improving economy .
The S&P energy sector .
GSPE , up 1.1 percent , led the market 's advance .
Chevron Corp CVX.N climbed 2.4 percent to $ 79.50 a day after it said its refining and marketing arm would return to profit in the first quarter .
Data showed U.S. wholesale inventories rose more than expected in February and sales at wholesalers reached their highest level in 16 months , brightening prospects for first - quarter economic and earnings growth .
Shares of technology companies , which are often among the first to benefit from economic strength , also outperformed the broader market .
Cisco Systems CSCO.O gained 1.2 percent to $ 26.60 and Microsoft Corp MSFT .
O added 1.4 percent to $ 30.33 .
“ Most investors acknowledge that the recession has ended , and the question facing the market now is , ‘ Are we moving from a recovery to sustainable growth ? ’ ” said Michael Sheldon , chief market strategist at RDM Financial in Westport , Connecticut .
“ Economic data so far in April has been fairly encouraging . ”
The Dow briefly surpassed the psychologically important 11,000 mark late in the session for the first time since September 2008 , when Wall Street was reeling from the credit meltdown , though on Friday , the Dow closed a shade below that milestone .
The three major U.S. stock indexes scored a sixth straight week of gains -- a positive run not seen since stocks rebounded from more than 12 - year lows in March 2009 .
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI gained 70.28 points , or 0.64 percent , to 10,997.35 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .SPX rose 7.93 points , or 0.67 percent , to 1,194.37 .
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 17.24 points , or 0.71 percent , to 2,454.05 .
For the week , the Dow rose 0.6 percent , the S&P 500 gained 1.4 percent and the Nasdaq advanced 2.1 percent .
Though some momentum indicators suggest the rally could start to run out of steam , the market has continued to grind higher and add another leg to the run-up started last March .
The S&P 500 has gained 76.5 percent since it hit a 12 - year closing low March 9 , 2009 .
“ It ’s hard to rationalize how a market can keep going up without increasing amounts of volume to support the rally , ” Sheldon said .
“ At some point , that will become a factor , but at least for now , the trend remains higher . ”
Another lift for the energy sector came from Atlas Energy ATLS .
O shares , which surged 20.3 percent to $ 38.25 after Indian energy company Reliance Industries RELI .
BO agreed to pay $ 1.7 billion for a stake in an Atlas shale project to provide natural gas .
Other leaders in the sector included ConocoPhillips COP.N , up 2.6 percent at $ 55.32 , and Exxon Mobil Corp XOM.N , up 1.3 percent at $ 68.76 .
Department store operator J.C. Penney Co Inc JCP.N rose 1.7 percent to $ 31.52 after Goldman Sachs added the stock to a list of recommended buys .
Palm Inc PALM .O jumped 11 percent to $ 5.16 , capping a volatile week in which the smartphone maker 's stock has seesawed on options market chatter and takeover rumors .
Worries about Greece 's debt problems , which have weighed on stocks for weeks , eased after a European Union source said policy - makers had reached an agreement on terms of possible emergency loans for Athens .
The U.S. dollar index .DXY slipped 0.8 percent .
Earlier , stocks pared gains on news that Fitch downgraded Greece 's debt rating .
Artist concept of the Air Launched Sortie Vehicle from the early 1980s .
This was a small rapid - response spaceplane studied by the US Air Force but never built .
( credit : USAF )
Fire in the sky : the Air Launched Sortie Vehicle of the early 1980s ( part 1 )
Moonraker is usually near the top when film critics list the worst James Bond movies .
But for space enthusiasts , the film had some pretty cool hardware and a great opening sequence when a space shuttle ignites its engines atop a 747 , blasting the giant jumbo jet into a fireball as it sails away .
Of course , it ’s all fiction : the shuttle does n’t carry its own fuel for its main engines .
But it looked good .
Three decades later , Superman Returns featured a small space shuttle blasting off the back of a 777 , which also fell from the sky and had to be rescued by the Man of Steel .
While these were fictional accounts , air - launching a small spaceplane from the back of a jumbo jet is an idea that was considered by both superpowers during the Cold War .
The Soviet Union seems to have studied the concept more than the United States , even going so far as to build a mockup of its spaceplane .
But although both sides studied it , neither ultimately developed it .
Air - launching a small spaceplane from the back of a jumbo jet is an idea that was considered by both superpowers during the Cold War .
In the early 1980s , the United States Air Force sponsored a study of what was initially designated a Space Sortie Vehicle , then renamed the Air Launched Sortie Vehicle , or ALSV .
The ALSV does not appear to have resulted from a military requirement established at the senior levels of the Air Force .
Instead , the limited available documentation about the ALSV indicates that it was essentially a technology trade study sponsored among at least three separate contractors who may have contributed their own funds , at least one or two of them receiving government funding for their study .
The purpose of the studies was apparently to determine whether new technologies , some of them developed for NASA ’s Space Shuttle program , would enable the development of a small reusable space vehicle capable of relatively quick launch from virtually any location to virtually any orbit and able to deploy and recover small satellites .
The answer produced by these initial studies was that it was feasible .
However , the studies did not progress .
Until more data is gathered it is impossible to determine why the ALSV concept did not advance any further , but the performance of the ALSV was not particularly impressive , and the technical challenges were also daunting .
Hot rod jumbo jet In late 1980 , Don Hart of the Air Force Rocket Propulsion Laboratory outlined what was described as “ an Air Force Sortie Space System ” ( hereafter AFSSS ) in a seven - page overview document .
This was apparently a revision of the concept , although when it had originally started remains unknown .
The AFSSS had three major parts : a launch platform , drop tanks , and a space vehicle .
The launch platform was defined as a 747 which not only carried the space vehicle and drop tanks on its back , but also had liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen storage tanks inside its fuselage .
The tanks would be low boil - off dewars .
The propellants would be pumped into the drop tanks just before separation of the vehicle and drop tanks .
This would be no ordinary 747 .
Not only would it have the internal tanks , but the hydrogen would also be pumped into afterburners on the 747 ’s large turbofan engines , providing up to 400 percent thrust augmentation .
The 747 would fly a zoom parabola , with vehicle separation at 15,200 – 16,800 meters ( 50,000 – 55,000 feet ) altitude .
As jumbo jets go , it would have been a real hot rod .
Flying a dart to orbit
The space vehicle would have two attached drop tanks based upon design , materials , tooling , and fabrication techniques for the Atlas launch vehicle .
They would use the Space Shuttle ’s spray - on insulation if necessary .
The tanks would form an aerodynamically - shaped nose for a lifting ascent trajectory .
The tanks would be released from the space vehicle shortly before it reached orbit , and they would burn up on reentry .
If necessary , they would be explosively blown into pieces .
Unlike more traditional launch vehicles , like the Space Shuttle , each tank would have three inner tanks , with hydrogen in the front , oxygen in the middle , and hydrogen at the rear to control the center of gravity for a lifting ascent .
Overall , the vehicle would be approximately 10.7 meters ( 35 feet ) wide and 15.2 meters ( 50 feet ) long .
Until more data is gathered it is impossible to determine why the ALSV concept did not advance any further , but the performance of the ALSV was not particularly impressive , and the technical challenges were also daunting .
The space vehicle would be reusable , making a runway landing after return from orbit .
The vehicle ’s shape would be derived from several flown or heavily - studied lifting body type vehicles such as the FDL - 5 , FDL - 8 , or X - 24C .
The vehicle would be powered by ten modified RL - 10 engines arranged in a 2 x 5 array .
The turbomachinery and injector would be the same as the standard RL - 10 , but the thrust chamber would be slightly longer , the expansion ratio slightly less , and there would be upper and lower expansion plates for additional vacuum performance .
The backside of the expansion plates would also provide vehicle pitch control .
During reentry , the plates would close completely , forming a boattail over the rear of the vehicle .
The vehicle itself would have a large crossrange , the ability to come down a significant distance from its orbital track .
It could be either manned or unmanned , but could probably carry no more than one person if manned .
The 747 ’s payload capability dictated the gross weight of the space vehicle and its drop tanks of no more than 100,000 kilograms ( 220,000 pounds ) .
Rapidly responsive spaceflight
As Hart explained it , the spacecraft could fly several kinds of missions .
The basic mission would be to fly to low Earth orbit , stay there for the mission , possibly leaving a small payload in orbit , and then return to a runway landing .
Another mission could involve delivering a medium weight payload to low Earth obit by releasing the payload at vehicle apogee and immediately returning to Earth .
A mission described as “ low altitude penetration of target area ” would involve flying a shallow trajectory , skipping into the target area , and then reigniting the engines to power out and land .
Finally , there was a maximum weight payload to low Earth orbit mission .
This would not involve the space vehicle itself , only a cargo carrier and the ten RL - 10 rocket engines which would fly into orbit and would not be returned , although they could be retrieved by a Space Shuttle at a later date .
Hart also noted that another option would involve a very different vehicle sized to fit inside the shuttle bay .
Three shuttle flights would bring up the vehicle and separate fueled drop tanks .
The vehicle would be assembled in orbit and could fly up to geosynchronous or another high energy orbit .
After the mission it would return directly to a runway landing .
What prompted the Air Force Rocket Propulsion Laboratory to propose such a vehicle ?
Most importantly , what kinds of missions could it fly ?
According to Hart , a major goal for the Space Sortie System was rapid response .
The aircraft and spacecraft should be supported from any Air Force base as long as there was a supply of liquid hydrogen and oxygen available .
The vehicle could stand at “ alert status , ” with propellants inside the launch platform .
It could take off on warning and fly to any azimuth because it would not produce debris .
The goal would be to enable flyover of any point on Earth within 75 minutes , including 747 taxi , takeoff and climbout .
It could fly by any low Earth orbit satellite or space station within 75 minutes and rendezvous with any satellite or station within five hours .
The vehicle would not only be reusable , but would have rapid turnaround of hours , not days .
“ All phases of sortie are under Air Force control .
All ground operations by Air Force crews at Air Force bases , ” Hart wrote .
Nobody would have to worry about working with NASA .
According to Hart , there were few technological risks and he outlined various aspects of the technology that already existed .
The ability of a 747 to carry a piggyback payload had already been demonstrated by the shuttle program .
An afterburner modification for the 747 ’s engines was already available and would not require changes to the fan , compressor , burners , or turbine .
The drop tanks would be based on the Atlas tooling and fabrication techniques .
The RL - 10 rocket engine had a long history and there was data on how it operated in multiple engine configurations .
The “ lifting ascent trajectory ” had already been “ examined in other programs , ” according to Hart .
The one unknown that he identified was whether or not the drop tanks would burn up entirely .
This would require further study .
However , despite the optimistic assessment of the technology maturity , Hart ’s document overlooked several important technology issues .
What kind of thermal protection would the vehicle use ?
Although the Space Shuttle had pioneered a new thermal protection system , would it be applicable to a differently - shaped vehicle ?
What kind of structure would the spacecraft use ?
Would separating a large vehicle from a 747 at high altitude pose any problems ?
And finally , would pumping large amounts of liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen from one vehicle to another while in flight be relatively straightforward ?
Target : USSR
The system would be a near - term solution whose existence “ would certainly challenge USSR strategic defense structure , ” Hart wrote .
It was “ not a traditional launch vehicle , nor a traditional satellite , nor a traditional aircraft . ”
As a result , “ non-traditional thinking ” was needed to determine what it could accomplish .
Much remains unknown about the Air Force Space Sortie System proposal .
What prompted the Air Force Rocket Propulsion Laboratory to propose such a vehicle ?
Considering that Hart ’s December 1 , 1980 outline was apparently a revision , who initiated the idea ?
Most importantly , what kinds of missions could it fly ?
Considering that it could carry either a small deployable payload , or a single crewman , probably without much room for equipment , what would it actually do ?
Were there any useful missions that a small satellite or a single astronaut in a small spacecraft with minimal payload could actually accomplish ?
If this December 1980 document was intended to prompt aerospace contractors into action , it certainly had an effect .
Within a short period of time , several contractors began considering such a spacecraft , and trying to come up with a way of flying a space vehicle off the back of a 747 that did n’t end up looking like the opening scene of Moonraker .
Home
northpolemama / flickr
Mead -Johnson , the company that prides itself on its " decades - long patterning of infant formulas after breast milk , " now goes one better .
It sells chocolate - and vanilla - flavored formulas for toddlers , fortified with nutrients , omega - 3s , and antioxidants .
The company 's philosophy : Your toddler wo n't drink milk ?
Try chocolate milk !
The unflavored version of the product , from Enfagrow , has been around for a while .
In 2005 , nutritionists complained about the company 's formula because it so evidently competed with milk as a weaning food .
Mead - Johnson representatives explained that Enfagrow is not meant as an infant formula , but as a dietary supplement for toddlers aged 12 to 36 months .
Really ?
Then how come it is labeled " Toddler Formula " ?
And how come it has a Nutrition Facts label , not a Supplement Facts label ?
Here 's the list of ingredients for everything present at a level of 2 percent or more :
• Whole milk
• Nonfat milk
• Sugar
• Cocoa
• Galactooligosaccharides ( prebiotic fiber )
• High oleic sunflower oil
• Maltodextrin
I bought this product at Babies - R - Us in Manhattan .
It 's not cheap : $ 18.99 for 29 ounces .
The can is supposed to make 22 servings ( one - quarter cup of powder mixed with six ounces of water ) .
At that price , you pay 86 cents for only six ounces of unnecessarily fortified milk plus unnecessary sugar and chocolate .
No wonder Jamie Oliver encountered so much grief about trying to get sweetened , flavored milks out of schools .
Almost everyone is using social media in some capacity to promote themselves and their businesses because the various forums offer an immense opportunity to network .
However , there are some things to avoid when using social media for business purposes .
1. Telling All
One undeniable facet of social media is that we all get to know each other a little bit more .
We talk more , we share more and we have the ability to forge more personal relationships , even with business colleagues .
This can do amazing things for any professional , provided there are limits on what is shared in a public setting .
The key to using social media successfully is being genuine , sincere and real with your communication , but that does n’t mean you should give it all away .
There ’s a definite line between a tweet that you ’re spending time with family and a tweet that you just got out of the bathroom .
2. Being Overly Vocal
There are several schools of thought when it comes to social media and how much is too much , but there are some basic guidelines that can apply to any professional , regardless of how you use social media sites .
Being consistently argumentative or combative is probably not going to gain the type of attention necessary to promote a business in a positive way .
It ’s good to have opinions , but not so good to publicly battle others , even competitors .
My own personal rule of thumb is to save comments on hot - button issues ( like politics and religion ) for off - line conversations .
3. YouTube-ing Your Vacation
You would think this is an obvious one , but I think we sometimes get caught up in all of the fun things we can do with social media , and we forget that we may not really want to share some things with everyone .
Record your vacation , but keep it off YouTube .
Some things ( like that video of you running down the beach in your new Speedo ) are best kept private .
4. Commenting Without Restraint
Commenting on other people ’s blog posts is a great way to participate , share your vast knowledge and get your name known .
But posting rude , vulgar , confrontational and mean comments does nothing but make you look foolish , even if you think you ’re right .
The last thing you want is a potential client Googling you , finding your less - than - professional comments , and deciding not to work with you .
5. Reliving The Glory Days
Facebook is great for reconnecting with old friends , expanding your professional network and sharing a personal side of yourself .
The biggest conflict is when you use Facebook for business and personal use without thinking about the impact it may have .
It ’s almost like having split personalities when you share a link to your latest post on your web design blog , and it ’s followed by a wall - to - wall conversation with an old buddy about one really fun but very questionable night 15 years ago .
It ’s possible to merge business and personal in social media , but you need to keep in mind who is reading your updates and what impact your comments might have on your professional life .
While some of this is a bit tongue - in - cheek , all of these examples are similar to real - life situations I ’ve seen in my social media travels .
Adding networking through social media to your marketing and promotional activities is a smart move , just keep in mind the who , what and when of your activity to avoid something coming back to bite you .
What screw - ups would you add to this list ?
Image credit : Steve Woods
NAIROBI , Kenya —
Rwandan authorities arrested a top opposition politician on Wednesday and charged her with genocide ideology — a contentious crime that many critics say has been used to stifle dissent — and with cooperating with a notorious rebel group .
The politician , Victoire Ingabire , has been one of the most vocal opposition figures in a country that seems to have grown increasingly intolerant of political challenges .
She was summoned to a police station at 9 a.m. , according to her assistant .
Mrs. Ingabire , an accountant who had lived in Europe for years , has been under investigation since nearly the moment she returned to Rwanda in January and announced she was running for president .
Investigators have interrogated her several times on suspicion of instigating ethnic divisions .
She said in an interview last month that she was being persecuted for simply challenging the government .
Rwandan officials have denied that they are cracking down on political opposition , and they point to the impressive strides the economy has made in the past 10 years as evidence that their leadership is improving the country .
Rwanda is scheduled to hold a national election in August , and many analysts predict more turbulence — and more arrests — in the months to come .
And his Move Silently roll as well , seems like .
Clearly he
It seemed as if only one Devil answered the call in tonight ’s game three matchup .
That Devil ?
Martin Brodeur .
The Devils ’ goalie made 31 difficult saves , keeping his team in the game while everything around him crumbled .
Without much help from the offense , Brodeur needed to be perfect to keep the team in the game .
And he was , until overtime .
One puck found its way through , and the Flyers pounced on the opportunity , with Daniel Carcillo netting the overtime winner .
Now , the Devils head into game four Tuesday night with several questions .
Will the offense step up ?
Can the defense play well ?
Will the Devils figure out how to capitalize on the power play ?
With all the momentum now on the Flyers ’ side , the Devils will have to come out with an inspired effort to take game four and go back home with the series tied .
Key Moments :
1. Carcillo ’s Game - Winning Goal
The Flyers absolutely dominated the third period , outshooting the Devils , 12 - 3 , and stifling their offense .
It seemed like the Flyers would get the first opportunity to win the game , and they seemed to be earning themselves the game three victory with their play .
And their opportunity came at 3:35 of the overtime period .
Shortly after a failed powerplay chance , the Flyers held the puck in the Devils ’ zone .
Mike Richards worked the puck to the side of the net and fired a shot on Brodeur .
The puck trickled through , and with the defense collapsed around Brodeur , Carcillo crashed the net .
He put the puck into the empty net for his first goal of the series , and a huge momentum shift went the Flyers ’ way .
2. Brodeur In The Third Period
Every single Devil played a terrible third period , except for Brodeur .
If there was one guy in this game who played great , it was Brodeur .
Brodeur stood tall , thwarting several quality scoring chances in the third period .
Brodeur was his best penalty killer , stopping three great Flyers ’ chances on the powerplay at 10:12 of the third period .
A shot from the point was re-directed by Claude Giroux in front , and Brodeur went to the splits to make the save .
The puck then trickled to the side of the net , where Simon Gagne took control .
Brodeur , sitting on the ice , made two saves with his glove before squeezing the puck to his pads for the stoppage in play .
He also made great 5 - on - 5 saves , like one on Daniel Briere .
With the Devils pressing in the Flyers ’ zone , Scott Hartnell tipped the puck to center ice .
He beat Andy Greene and moved in on Brodeur with Briere on a 2 - on - 1 .
He passed the puck to Briere on the left , who let go a shot from the low left circle .
Brodeur slid across the crease and made the save .
3. Brian Rolston ’s Two - Goal Night
If it was n’t for Brian Rolston , the Devils would have put up an extremely poor offensive effort tonight .
Rolston tallied two powerplay goals – his first two goals of the series – to keep the Devils in the game .
His first goal came at 7:15 of the first period , giving the Devils an early 1 - 0 lead .
With Kimmo Timonen in the box for hooking , Ilya Kovalchuk set up Rolston for a straight - on point shot .
Rolston initially faked the pass , getting Ian Laperriere to slide down to the ice .
Rolston blasted a shot low that went through a Dainius Zubrus screen and past Brian Boucher for his first goal of the series .
The second goal , at 16:38 of the second period , tied the game at two .
The goal looked identical to the first , with Kovalchuk set up along the side boards on the powerplay , where he received a pass from Elias .
The left - winger sent a pass to Rolston at the point , and Rolston fired a one - timer on net .
Zubrus screened Boucher , and the puck went through the skates and into the back of the net for Rolston ’s second powerplay tally of the game .
Biggest ( Dis ) Advantage
Once again , the refs decided to call a tight game .
This gave both teams plenty of opportunities with the man advantage .
It seemed the game would hinge on a penalty call .
Both teams , but especially the Devils , could n’t cash in on the man-advantage .
The Devils went 2 - for - 8 , only putting seven shots on net .
Yes , that ’s right , seven shots on eight opportunities .
The Devils could n’t even manage a shot per powerplay .
They could n’t break the Flyers ’ penalty kill , and they could n’t seem to move the puck .
Whether it was the lack of aggression or a lack of execution , the powerplay just flat out stunk .
Keep reading after the jump for more of the recap !
Things I Liked :
1. Brodeur ’s Play
I do n’t think I can say it enough , but Brodeur played absolutely spectacular hockey .
He looked like a
vintage Broduer , diving around the crease and frustrating the Flyers ’ scorers .
With the Devils ’ goalie on the eve of his 38th birthday , his play tonight gives me hope that he can still provide some productive years while the Devils try and build up a young goalie in the system .
His play also showed me that , unlike in years past , this playoffs will feature a sharp and focused Brodeur .
Let ’s hope the Devils do n’t waste his effort .
Things That Annoyed Me :
1. Ilya Kovalchuk
Once again , Kovalchuk makes his away onto the “ things that annoyed me ” list .
While he did have two assists , he also recorded zero – that ’s right , ZERO – shots on net .
General manager Lou Lamoriello acquired Kovalchuk for one purpose – scoring .
So far , he ’s only found the back of the net once , and that was in an empty - net situation .
I understand that the Flyers ’ are playing him tough , but it ’s the job of Kovalchuk and the Devils ’ coaching staff to make adjustments and get him involved .
Let ’s hope he breaks out in game four .
2. The Devils ’ Lack of Aggression
The Devils showed nothing tonight .
It almost looked like game one , where the team figured it could go out and just stumble upon a win .
My observation proved to be correct .
When Jamie Langenbrunner was questioned by the media about the team ’s lack of aggression , he had this to say :
“ I definitely think we were n’t as aggressive as we were two nights ago , ” Langenbrunner said to Tom Gulitti of the Bergen Record .
“ We got a way from that a little bit , especially 5 - on - 5 .
But we had opportunties .
We just did n’t finish it and that ’s the way it goes . ”
IT ’S THE PLAYOFFS !
I understand if , in an 82 game season , the team comes out flat .
But this is the postseason .
There should never , EVER be a drop in aggression .
Every game , whether it ’s game one , three or seven , is important .
To not come out and put forth a winning effort is pathetic , and this quote reeks of a pathetic attitude .
If this is how the team expects to win , then the Devils are in for quite the shock when the Flyers move on .
This team needs to find their aggression and that fire soon .
3 . The CSN Announcers
There ’s no one in this entire world who can anger me more than the Flyers ’ hockey announcers .
I unfortunately live in the Northeastern Pennsylvania Area while at school , and we get Comcast SportsNet .
The announcing team of Jim Jackson , Bill Clement and Steve Coates are absolute garbage .
At least Doc and Chico call out the Devils on mistakes .
These guys make every call against Philadelphia the end of the world .
I feel like I have to argue with my television while listening to these three knuckleheads .
Stat Pack :
With the loss , the Devils move to 10 - 14 in their last 24 playoff road games .
That ’s an ugly number .
The Devils are 3 - 13 all - time when losing game three of a series .
Does n’t bode well for a comeback , but remember the year 2000 .
The Devils came back from a 3 - 1 deficit to beat the Flyers .
The Devils powerplay is 3 - for - 16 in the series .
Next Game :
Game four will be Tuesday night at 7:30 p.m .
GDC 2010 is now in the books , and it will be a hard one to forget because the whole conference seemed to be obsessed with one thing , which I summed up in this tweet .
Or , as Sirlin puts it here : “ Facebook , Facebook , Facebook , Facebook , Facebook , Facebook , Facebook , Facebook , Facebook , Facebook . ”
Off the top of my head , here are the highlights and lowlights of this fixation :
The long - running Casual Games and Virtual Worlds Summits have vanished entirely from the conference , presumably eaten up by the new Social Games Summit .
Ngmoco ’s Neil
Young describing the growth of free - to - play online games as “ the most significant shift and opportunity for [ game developers ] since the birth of this business . ”
This shift fundamentally changes the way game are made because developers can now launch early and adjust based off play patterns and user metrics .
Zynga ’s Mark Skaggs , formerly of EA , praised metrics as the answer to most game design problems .
Much has been made about their discovery that pink was the best color for advertising Zynga ’s other games , but the telling point was when Skaggs said that “ if a player repeats something , it ’s fun . ”
My old Spore teammate Chris Hecker railed against external rewards as a true motivator as they can mask an otherwise dull game .
Further , focusing primarily on metrics can actually make the game worse because they can overvalue external rewards , which are easier to measure .
Chris also leveled this broadside at metrics - focused companies : “ If you are intentionally making dull games with variable ratio extrinsic motivators to separate people from their money , you have my pity . ”
Carnegie Mellon ’s Jesse Schell walked back from the ledge of his now infamous DICE talk on pervasive rewards systems , saying that doomsday is not inevitable .
He went on to explicitly draw the line in a new war between persuaders ( developers who want players ’ money ) and the rest of us ( who want to give the players joy ) .
When addressing persuaders , Schell actually used the phrase “ you know who you are . ”
Zynga ’s Bill Mooney offended the entire independent games community in his acceptance speech for Farmville at the Choice Award by defining the Facebook game as “ just as indie ” and then trying to recruit everyone in the audience , many of whom have open disregard for Zynga .
Josh Sutphin had a message for him : “ Learn some fucking tact . ”
Brian Reynolds , who is now Zynga ’s Chief Designer , showed up on no less than three panels to point out repeatedly that social games need to be social first and games second .
Farmville ‘s crop -withering mechanic , in particular , was referenced as a not - fun mechanic that compels people to play out of a sense of shame .
( What if my real - life friends see how poorly I am maintaining my own farm ? )
Daniel James of Three Rings puzzled over the phrase “ social gaming ” as he felt that his old games ( such as Puzzle Pirates ) were far more social than Farmville , which is a primarily single - player game in which players pass around “ tokens . ”
At multiple times during the conference , James expressed his serious ethical qualms over the path social gaming was laying for the industry .
So many of the methods for making money are thinly - veiled scams that simply exploit psychological flaws in the human brain .
At a panel on why “ dinosaur ” designers are flocking to social games , Reynolds , Slide ’s Brenda Brathwaite , Noah Falstein , and Playdom ’s Steve Meretzky all praised social gaming as a new frontier where radical and rapid innovation exists , in contrast to the more conservative world of AAA retail games .
Will Wright pointed out that the astonishing growth of Facebook ( and Facebook gaming ) more likely resembles an S - curve than a power law curve .
Thus , although this new market is indeed enormous , the upward sloping curve will level off at some point , so we should be careful not to make exponential predictions .
Sid Meier only briefly touched on Civilization Network , his new Facebook project , in his conference keynote , but what else needs to be said ?
Sid Meier is making a Facebook game !
( Quite literally , in fact , as Sid is doing his usual designer / programmer thing . )
Further , the three primary designers of the Civilization franchise ( Sid , Brian , and myself ) are all now making social / online games .
What is to be made of all this ?
Meretzky made a key point in the dinosaur panel that , with free - to - play games , there is no more separation between game design and game business .
Every change to a game ’s balance might immediately and significantly affect revenue .
Will it go down because the virtual items for sale are now less desirable compared to the free ones ?
Or will it go up because the player is now inconvenienced enough to buy a boost ?
Or will it go down because the inconvenience has driven away enough of the core fanbase ?
( I made a similar point in my Nov 2008 column on designing free - to - play games . )
The question on most developers ’ minds is the following : what is the role of the game designer in this new world where business and design mix in such fundamental ways ?
The answer to this question drives fear in the heart of the boy or girl beating inside most professional game developers .
Brian Reynolds himself often pointed out that the role of Zynga ’s Chief Designer is not actually as important a position as one might imagine .
At the VCON Summit , Eric Goldberg of Crossover Technologies suggested that companies “ use the tactics that make the most money possible … that your staff can live with . ”
At that summit ’s keynote , David Perry talked about the morally dubious “ treasure chests ” of ZT Online , which are engineered to prey on gambling addicts and provoked a visceral response from Sirlin :
This egregious , unethical practice is the kind of thing he should have presented as extremely dangerous .
If you are “ playing to win ” in business , yeah , you ’d do that .
But doing so is damaging to the lives of our own customers …
I mean personally , I ’m embarrassed to be part of an industry that so blatantly manipulates people like rats in a skinner box , and is n’t he embarrassed about that too ?
This debate over business - vs - design spawned a thread at Quarter to Three in which game developers are expressing their feelings over Farmville and its ilk :
It ’s not social games as a threat to game design , it ’s money - driven treadmill games that ’s a threat to game design .
A coworker identified a similar problem with a money - driven free - to - play social game , in which they specifically destroyed the balance in key ways at times in order to persuade the players to pay money to fix their own game balance .
It is a war .
It ’s suits versus the creative people .
( link )
I ca n’t believe one of the most important figures in strategy gaming [ Brian Reynolds ] , the guy who had a major hand in bringing us absolute classics like Civ 2 , Alpha Centauri , Rise of Nations , and Rise of Legends is now Chief Designer for those creeps at Zynga .
( link )
I do n’t like that at all .
It turns my art into a business intent only on making as much money as possible .
And while making money is the goal for the large industry , the fact is that we ’re still as much about creating great experiences first and foremost , and the money is a happy second .
With Farmville and such , the premise is to make a lot of money , and that is the drive that informs every single decision .
( link )
Making the game worse can make it generate more revenue .
The lesson is to focus on generating fast bucks over improving the artistic quality of your game .
Enjoyment is n’t as important as long as they keep paying and playing .
The dividing line flaring up is an old one ; are games an artistic endeavour furthering culture or are they just slot machines to be designed for revenue maximization ?
( link )
Farmville makes overt use of known psychological techniques to influence and control behaviour and ties that directly into revenue generation .
. . .
When you have games industry professionals from large companies arguing that we should n’t worry about making a game less enjoyable as long as it generates more revenue – to me that is something to be concerned about .
( link )
Farmville ‘s formula is simple .
Make it easy to scream forward to the point where you can’t properly spend your coins anymore without spending real money .
. . .
Do not misunderstand me , I am saying , without any ambiguity , that doing this is wrong .
I see very little difference between this and tactics at stores such as raising the price of something , removing functionality , and slapping a “ On Sale 40 % Off ! ” sign on it .
( link )
The question will be , when it comes to tuning Brian Reynold ’s Facebook game , will the guiding principle be increasing Zygna ’s revenue or making the game more fulfilling ?
( link )
The Zynga guy said , you need to identify what people are doing most often in a game , because that ’ll be the most fun activity .
If that were true , the funnest activity in Starcraft is building Zerglings and the funnest in late - game Civ IV is clicking END TURN .
( link )
Obviously , developers are wary of how Facebook gaming will change the industry in the years ahead .
( Compare the importance of business metrics now with 1997 ’s Ultima Online , which lead designer Raph Koster points out “ was n’t designed around any business model in particular . ” )
The irony is that Facebook games typically share four characteristics that really do promise great things for both gamers and designers :
True friends list :
Gaming can now happen exclusively within the context of one ’s actual friends .
Multiplayer games no longer suffer from the Catch - 22 of requiring friends to be fun while new players always start the game without friends .
: Gaming can now happen exclusively within the context of one ’s actual friends .
Multiplayer games no longer suffer from the Catch - 22 of requiring friends to be fun while new players always start the game without friends .
Free - to - play business model :
New players need not shell out $ 60 to join the crowd .
Consumers do n’t like buying multiplayer games unless they know that their friends are all going to buy the game as well .
Free - to - play removes that friction .
: New players need not shell out $ 60 to join the crowd .
Consumers do n’t like buying multiplayer games unless they know that their friends are all going to buy the game as well .
Free - to - play removes that friction .
Persistent , asynchronous play :
Finding time to play with one ’s real friends is difficult , especially for working , adult gamers .
Asynchronous mechanics , however , let gamers play at their own pace and with their own friends , not strangers who happen to be online at the same time .
: Finding time to play with one ’s real friends is difficult , especially for working , adult gamers .
Asynchronous mechanics , however , let gamers play at their own pace and with their own friends , not strangers who happen to be online at the same time .
Metrics - based iteration : Retail games are developed in a vacuum , with designers working by gut instinct .
Further , games get only one launch , a single chance to succeed .
Most developers would love , instead , to iterate quickly on genuine , live feedback .
These four pillars are the reason why many game developers are flocking to Facebook .
( Of course , many of these characteristics are not exclusive to Facebook , but combining them together with such a large audience makes Facebook the obvious choice right now . )
However , Jesse Schell is right ; a war is brewing over who will call the shots .
However , the question is not simply one of suits - vs- creatives .
The question is will designers take the time to learn the business , to learn how to pay the bills while also delivering a fantastic game experience ?
As BioWare ’s Ray Muzyka put it during a panel on connected gaming , ultimately all decisions are made with a goal to make money , but the goal may be short - term revenue ( “ can we sell more blue hats tomorrow ? ” ) or long - term growth ( “ does our community believe in what we are doing ?
are we creating life - long fans ? ” ) .
The successes will not come from open conflict between design and business but from developers who internalize the tension and attack the problem holistically .
I have to admit my own reservations about this transformation ; game design itself simply might be not as much fun as it used to be .
I cannot easily sum up how enjoyable brainstorming a game is during the early , heady days of blue skies and distant deadlines .
With a release - early - and - iterate mentality , these days are now over , for good .
Games will no longer be a manifestation of an individual ’s ( or a team ’s ) pure imagination and , instead , will grow out of the murky grey area between developers and players .
The designer - as - auteur ideal is perhaps incompatible with this model , but I believe the best game designers are the ones willing to “ get dirty ” – to engage fully with a community to discover which ideas actually work and which ones were simply wishful thinking .
Loss of control is never fun , but as Sid is fond of saying , the player should be the one having the fun , after all , not the designer .
Somali pirates have captured a small Saudi tanker and its crew , the EU naval force in the Gulf of Aden says .
The tanker , travelling from Japan to Jeddah , was empty when pirates hijacked the vessel and took its crew captive .
The MT Nisir Al Saudi was outside the shipping lanes patrolled by naval warships , it was reported .
Somali pirate attacks usually increase in the months between March and May because calmer seas allow the pirates to operate more freely .
The captain of the ship is Greek but the nationalities of the rest of the crew are not known .
In November 2008 Somali pirates hijacked the Sirius Star , a Saudi supertanker loaded with two million barrels of oil .
They released it after two months in return for a ransom , believed to have been $ 3 m ( £ 1.95 m ) , which was parachuted on to the deck of the ship by helicopter .
The latest ship to be captured was taken to the Somali town of Garacad , a known pirate stronghold , said Cmdr John Harbour of the EU Naval Force in the area .
When it comes to electric propulsion , motorcycle companies are way ahead of carmakers .
While electric cars such as the Nissan Leaf are still in the development phase , there are around a dozen credible e-bikes on sale today that offer a lot more than just green credentials : near - silent operation , running costs that amount to pennies per week , low insurance rates , little maintenance and uniquely fun performance .
Riding an electric bike is probably a lot more conventional than you might think .
Most currently adopt the platform of a normal motorcycle , replacing the powertrain with a battery pack and a motor .
This actually simplifies the controls ; all electric motorcycles currently use a single - speed transmission and do n't need a clutch , so riding one is a lot like riding a scooter — just twist and go .
Release the throttle and you coast .
The biggest difference is the lack of noise .
A lot of motorcycle purists miss it , but after a while silence is actually a bonus ; you can hear danger approaching and you become more a part of your environment , which enhances the fundamental two - wheeled experience of not sitting inside a car .
When it comes time to recharge , you just plug any of these into a standard 110 - volt outlet , although some will charge quicker if you have access to a 220 - volt .
Zero emissions ( at least as far as the EPA is concerned ) plus the lack of engine noise equals a strong case for the electric motorcycle 's future , addressing the primary objections to bikes in both urban and off - road environments .
They also offer a compelling case for commuters to switch from two wheels to four ; doing so will save them money on gas , time spent in traffic and reduce their impact on the environment .
Since motorcycles are so much lighter than cars , they do n't use huge , expensive battery packs that require an overnight charge .
Plus urban commuters or off - road riders typically travel much less distance than cars so shorter ranges are n't that much of a compromise .
One caveat :
The ranges listed here were provided by the manufacturers , and , just as a car 's fuel economy depends on driving habits , so does the distance an electric bike can travel on a charge .
Thanks to a series of recent tax incentives , electric bikes have also become extremely affordable .
The federal government offers a 10 percent tax credit for zero-emissions vehicles and some states are matching or even exceeding that .
Colorado , for instance , offers an alternative - fuel - vehicle tax credit of up to $ 4888 , and California is offering a rebate that knocks $ 1500 off the price of Brammo and Zero motorcycles .
Check with the manufacturer and your local government to see what tax incentives you qualify for .
Quantya Strada
A heavy - duty dirt - bike frame pressed into road duty and saddled with a relatively wimpy motor , the Strada is overbuilt compared to its competitors .
Yet with only 16 hp , it lacks the power to easily keep up with traffic .
That slow pace is n't such a factor if you 're using the dual - sport bike to ride a short distance to local trails and then buzz some single track .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : Yes
License type : Motorcycle
Price : $ 10,700
Weight : 195 pounds
Top speed : 55 mph
Power : 16 hp
Range : 2.5 hours
Battery : Lithium - polymer
Battery capacity : 1.9 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 2 hours
Best suited for :
Off - road trails and urban commuting
Info : quantyausa.com
Quantya Track
The Swiss company 's dirt - only version of the Strada is the most capable electric bike at landing big jumps on a motocross track thanks to its adult - size frame and strong components , but like the Strada , it 's still a bit on the slow side .
The Track actually defeated the faster Zero X in the first - ever electric supercross race thanks to a turtle - and - hare - like approach that saw the Zero 's bikes break down while the reliable Quantya 's shrugged off the abuse .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : No
License type : N / A
Price : $ 9975
Weight : 195 pounds
Top speed : 55 mph
Power : 16 hp
Range : 2.5 hours
Battery : Lithium - polymer
Battery capacity : 1.9 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 2 hours
Best suited for :
Dirt tracks and off - road racing
Info : quantyausa.com
Zero DS
The most convincing electric motorcycle to date adopts the form that 's suitable on - and off - road , but weighs less than most gas scooters .
High - quality suspension and a strong frame make the DS a handler in all terrain .
The DS 's torque figure is higher than many superbikes ' .
Surprisingly , that does n't lead to a very sharp takeoff thanks to overly slow throttle tuning , but between 10 and 50 mph — the most common speeds in city driving — the DS can embarrass most gas - powered bikes .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : Yes
License type : Motorcycle
Price : $ 9950
Weight : 277 pounds
Top speed : 67 mph
Power : 26 hp
Range : 50 miles
Battery : Lithium-ion
Battery capacity : 4 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 3.5 hours
Best suited for :
Off - road trails , city streets and everywhere in between — except long highway rides , which still challenge the DS 's limited range and top speed
Info : zeromotorcycles.com
Zero S
Shorter suspension and slick tires turn the DS into the S and remove all - terrain capability in favor of on - road performance .
The S is extraordinarily light compared to gas - powered supermotos , but slow throttle response means the impressive torque can't keep up with the agility .
It wo n't rocket out of corners the way the performance figures suggest it should .
All Zeros are made in California .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : Yes
License type : Motorcycle
Price : $ 9995
Weight : 273 pounds
Top speed : 67 mph
Power : 26 hp
Range : 50 miles
Battery : Lithium-ion
Battery capacity : 4 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 3.5 hours
Best suited for : Urban and suburban commuting , twisty roads
Info : zeromotorcycles.com
>
-->
-->
Zero X
Its size and incredibly low weight make it feel like a motorized mountain bike .
But this featherweight trail hound can hit 65 mph .
The lithe feel comes at a price , however ; this bike is n't meant for heavier riders , and the admirable pursuit of low mass comes with a durability sacrifice .
Anyone who 's more than 165 pounds or requires the ability to land large jumps should consider the Zero MX .
The best part ?
A switch on the dashboard restricts the X to 30 mph , making it legal to use on some mountain - bike trails where its lack of noise and light weight means it shares an environmental mission with pedal power .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : No
License type : N / A
Price : $ 7495
Weight : 161 pounds
Top speed : 65 mph
Power : 23 hp
Range : 2 hours / 40 miles
Battery : Lithium-ion
Battery capacity : 2 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 2 hours
Best suited for : Trail riding
Info : zeromotorcycles.com
Zero MX
A heavier duty version of the X , the MX was built in response to losing that supercross race to Quantya .
Tougher suspension and wheels are designed to shrug off abuse and cope with heavier riders .
With about the same power as a 250 - cc four - stroke , the MX has plenty of punch to complement its light weight ; it recently defeated hundreds of 450 - cc competitors in a French endurance race , yet you can still use it in many places where gas - powered bikes are n't allowed .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : No
License type : N / A
Price : $ 8295
Weight : 172 pounds
Top speed : 65 mph
Power : 23 hp
Range : 2 hours / 40 miles
Battery : Lithium-ion
Battery capacity : 2 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 2 hours
Best suited for : Off - road racing
Info : zeromotorcycles.com
Vectrix VX - 1
A friendly and practical scooter , the VX - 1 was one of the first electric bikes on the market , yet remains uniquely capable thanks to range - extending regenerative braking and the ability to carry two people .
The VX - 1 is actually quicker than most traditional scooters , and its silent operation means it fits into a city environment even better .
Despite the large battery pack , there 's still room for a helmet or a meal 's worth of shopping under the seat .
Roll the throttle forward to actuate regenerative braking , which adds miles to your range .
Buyer beware : the company 's ownership has been in flux , so double - check the warranty before you buy .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : Yes
License type : N / A
Price : $ 7495
Weight : 515 pounds
Top speed : 62 mph
Power : 26 hp
Range : 55 miles
Battery : Nickel - metal - hydride
Battery capacity : 3.7 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 4 hours
Best suited for : Urban commuting
Info : vectrix.com
Ultra Motor A2B Metro
Do n't be confused by the pedals , the A2B Metro is more of an electric motorcycle than it is a bicycle , but those pedals do confuse lawmakers , who categorize it as a bicycle .
That means the A2B exists in a legal context that 's a little grey , but beneficial to riders ; you can ride it on bike paths and , sometimes , even sidewalks , all without the physical exertion of pedaling .
That 's not to say that you can't pedal , but the A2B is much heavier than a traditional bike , so it 's hard work and , on this model , pedaling does n't recharge the batteries .
There is a new model planned that will link pedals to batteries for human - powered recharging .
The lack of a license plate will make parking a cinch : just lock it to any bike rack .
You do pay a penalty for convenience though — the A2B tops out at 20 mph .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : Yes
License type : Not required ( check local regulations )
Price : $ 2699
Weight : 72 pounds
Top speed : 20 mph
Power : 0.67 hp
Range : 20 miles
Battery : Lithium-ion
Battery capacity : N / A
Recharge time at 110 volts : 3.5 hours
Best suited for : Short - distance urban commuting , areas where motorized vehicles are n't allowed .
Info : ultramotor.com
Brammo Enertia
Friendly looks , slick packaging and quality components combine to elevate the Enertia above its electric competition .
Of all the bikes here , this is the one that feels the most expensive , but thanks to the economics of scale , it 's actually one of the cheapest .
Brammo just put the Enertia into mass production at its new factory in Oregon and is selling the bikes through select Best Buys throughout the West Coast .
Slightly slower than the competition from Zero , but you wo n't notice because the throttle feels so much more natural ; the Brammo accelerates predictably and smoothly .
Striking a form that 's somewhere between roadster and cruiser , the Enertia is a comfortable , agile bike that 's near perfect for the cut and thrust of urban riding .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : Yes
License type : Motorcycle
Price : $ 7995
Weight : 324 pounds
Top speed : 65 mph
Power : 18 hp
Range : 45 miles
Battery : Lithium-ion phosphate
Battery capacity : 3.1 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 4 hours
Best suited for :
New riders who want their first motorcycle to be electric and commuters who want to save money and time .
Info : brammo.com
Electric Motorsport GPR-S
A standard motorcycle chassis available with a wide range of electric powertrain components , buyers can spec anything from a cheap DC brushed motor to a very powerful AC induction unit .
Mismatched components like the fairing and seat unit make the GPR - S look like something you built in your garage but probably could have done a better job on .
Also , the Asia - sourced mechanical components such as the brakes and the suspension are disappointingly cheap .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : Yes
License type : Motorcycle
Price : $ 8500 - plus
Weight : 285 pounds
Top speed : 70 - plus mph
Power : 19 to 52 hp
Range : Varies
Battery : Lithium-ion phosphate
Battery capacity : 3.3 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : 4 hours
Best suited for : Electricity junkies who want to pick and choose their ideal components , but do n't mind housing them in a cheap package .
Info : electricmotorsport.com
Mavizen TTX02
Based on the race - proven KTM RC8 chassis , the Mavizen TTX02 is a turn - key electric road racer that 's eligible for both major electric racing series and the Isle of Man TT .
The motors — it uses two — and batteries are similar to the 2009 TTXGP - winning Agni X01 .
About as fast as an electric motorcycle can currently be , the Mavizen is still considerably slower than the gas - powered superbike that donates its running gear .
Still , it 's an excellent package for riders or teams looking to jump - start their electric racing careers .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : No
License type : N / A
Price : $ 38,000 plus
Weight : 353 - plus pounds
Top speed : 130 - plus mph
Power : 100 hp ( estimated )
Range : 25 to 130 miles
Battery : Lithium-ion
Battery capacity : 6-11 kilowatt - hours
Recharge time at 110 volts : N / A
Best suited for : Racers who want a competitive , plug - and - play entry .
Despite the high cost , the Mavizen is still cheaper than scratch - building your own .
Info : mavizen.com
Mission One
The futuristic - looking Mission
One will be the fastest , most expensive and likely heaviest street - legal electric motorcycle around when it goes on sale later this year .
It 's already setting records , hitting 150 mph at the Bonneville Salt Flats last year and becoming , for a short time , the fastest electric motorcycle on the planet .
The Mission will be the first electric motorcycle to offer performance parity with its gas - powered counterparts and , if the early development videos are to be believed , the only one capable of pulling a wheelie simply by twisting the throttle all the way to the stop .
cellpadding = " 0 " cellspacing = " 0 " >
Road legal : Yes
License type : Motorcycle
Price : $ 68,995
Weight : N / A
Top speed : 150 mph
Power : N / A
Range : 150 miles
Battery : Lithium-ion
Battery capacity : N / A
Recharge time at 110 volts : 8 hours
Best suited for :
Wealthy collectors and early adopters with a need for speed .
Info : ridemission.com
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
COPENHAGEN ( Reuters ) - The 15th century Vinland Map , the first known map to show part of America before explorer Christopher Columbus landed on the continent , is almost certainly genuine , a Danish expert said Friday .
Controversy has swirled around the map since it came to light in the 1950s , many scholars suspecting it was a hoax meant to prove that Vikings were the first Europeans to land in North America -- a claim confirmed by a 1960 archaeological find .
Doubts about the map lingered even after the use of carbon dating as a way of establishing the age of an object .
“ All the tests that we have done over the past five years -- on the materials and other aspects -- do not show any signs of forgery , ” Rene Larsen , rector of the School of Conservation under the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts , told Reuters .
He presented his team ’s findings at an international cartographers ’ conference in the Danish capital Friday .
The map shows both Greenland and a western Atlantic island “ Vinilanda Insula , ” the Vinland of the Icelandic sagas , now linked by scholars to Newfoundland where Norsemen under Leif Eriksson settled around AD 1000 .
Larsen said his team carried out studies of the ink , writing , wormholes and parchment of the map , which is housed at Yale University in the United States .
He said wormholes , caused by wood beetles , were consistent with wormholes in the books with which the map was bound .
He said claims the ink was too recent because it contained a substance called anatase titanium dioxide could be rejected because medieval maps have been found with the same substance , which probably came from sand used to dry wet ink .
American scholars have carbon dated the map to about 1440 , about 50 years before Columbus “ discovered ” the New World in 1492 .
Scholars believe it was produced for a 1440 church council at Basel , Switzerland .
The Vinland Map is not a “ Viking map ” and does not alter the historical understanding of who first sailed to North America .
But if it is genuine , it shows that the New World was known not only to Norsemen but also to other Europeans at least half a century before Columbus ’s voyage .
It was bought from a Swiss dealer by an American after the British Museum turned it down in 1957 .
It was subsequently bought for Yale University by a wealthy Yale alumnus , Paul Mellon , and published with fanfare in 1965 .
The lack of a provenance has caused much of the controversy .
Where the map came from and how it came into the hands of the Swiss dealer after World War Two remain a mystery .
One Parliamentary
Bill which did just complete its passage through Parliament without the wretched " wash up " process was the largely symbolic Bribery Act 2010
We criticised this Bill when it first appeared for its flawed attempt to correct the stupid Anti Terrorism Crime and Security Act 200 Part 12 Bribery and Corruption sections 108 to 110 . , which made it a criminal offence for the intelligence agencies or for the military to ever bribe any foreign officials either for spy recruitment purposes or to help in the escape of military personnel trapped behind enemy lines etc .
Presumably the intelligence agencies and the military have simply been ignoring that stupid law ever since .
See : Bribery Bill 2009 clause 12 - some Secret Intelligence Service MI6 or Security Service MI5 exemptions , but why should Local Authority Trading Standards etc. ever be allowed to bribe anyone ?
13 Defence for certain bribery offences etc .
(1) It is a defence for a person charged with a relevant bribery offence to prove that the person 's conduct was necessary for -- ( a ) the proper exercise of any function of an intelligence service , or
( b ) the proper exercise of any function of the armed forces when engaged on active service .
(2) The head of each intelligence service must ensure that the service has in place arrangements designed to ensure that any conduct of a member of the service which would otherwise be a relevant bribery offence is necessary for a purpose falling within subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) .
( 3 ) The Defence Council must ensure that the armed forces have in place arrangements designed to ensure that any conduct of -- ( a ) a member of the armed forces who is engaged on active service , or
( b ) a civilian subject to service discipline when working in support of any person falling within paragraph ( a ) , which would otherwise be a relevant bribery offence is necessary for a purpose falling within subsection ( 1 ) ( b ) . ( 4 ) The arrangements which are in place by virtue of subsection ( 2 ) or ( 3 ) must be arrangements which the Secretary of State considers to be satisfactory .
( 5 ) For the purposes of this section , the circumstances in which a person 's conduct is necessary for a purpose falling within subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) or ( b ) are to be treated as including any circumstances in which the person 's conduct -- ( a ) would otherwise be an offence under section 2 , and
( b ) involves conduct by another person which , but for subsection ( 1 ) ( a ) or ( b ) , would be an offence under section 1 . ( 6 ) In this section --
" active service " means service in -- ( a ) an action or operation against an enemy ,
( b ) an operation outside the British Islands for the protection of life or property , or
( c ) the military occupation of a foreign country or territory , " armed forces " means Her Majesty 's forces ( within the meaning of the Armed Forces Act 2006 ) , " civilian subject to service discipline " and " enemy " have the same meaning as in the Act of 2006 ,
Even we noticed that the original text of the Bill did not specify the Armed Forces Act 2006
" GCHQ " has the meaning given by section 3 ( 3 ) of the Intelligence Services Act 1994 , " head " means -- ( a ) in relation to the Security Service , the Director General of the Security Service ,
( b ) in relation to the Secret Intelligence Service , the Chief of the Secret Intelligence Service , and
( c ) in relation to GCHQ , the Director of GCHQ ,
" intelligence service " means the Security Service , the Secret Intelligence Service or GCHQ , " relevant bribery offence " means -- ( a ) an offence under section 1 which would not also be an offence under section 6 ,
( b ) an offence under section 2 ,
( c ) an offence committed by aiding , abetting , counselling or procuring the commission of an offence falling within paragraph ( a ) or ( b ) ,
( d ) an offence of attempting or conspiring to commit , or of inciting the commission of , an offence falling within paragraph ( a ) or ( b ) , or
( e ) an offence under Part 2 of the Serious Crime Act 2007 ( encouraging or assisting crime ) in relation to an offence falling within paragraph ( a ) or ( b ) .
Compared with the original text of the Bill when it was introduced , there is an improvement , with the removal of the huge attempted exemption
( a ) the prevention , detection or investigation by , or on behalf of , a law enforcement agency of serious crime ,
and
" law enforcement agency " means a public authority acting in pursuance of a duty of a public nature under the law of any part of the United Kingdom to prevent , detect or investigate crime ,
which would have allowed the Serious Organised Crime Agency , any Police force , or HM Customs and Excise or the UK Border Agency or even Local Authority Trading Standards officials or even for private sector sub contractors working on behalf of Whitehall or Local Government departments investigating alleged fraud etc. to bribe officials in the UK or the rest of the world , without any scrutiny .
None of these public bodies should ever be allowed to bribe anyone , ever .
To be fair to them , most of them would never wish to have such a power granted or imposed on them either .
Similarly GCHQ does not need the power to bribe people with impunity , but , for no good reason , this Act lumps them in with MI5 the Security Service and MI6 the Secret Intelligence Service , who may well do so .
Surely any conceivable scenario involving bribery of say , foreign Government telecommunications monopoly or company officials , which GCHQ might have an interest in , could be handled by MI6 the Secret Intelligence Service or by by Active Service Military personnel in the field ?
GCHQ should not have and should not seek to have , any of their personnel involved in the recruitment of Covert Human Intelligence Sources , the recruitment and proper handling of which must surely apply to any attempts to bribe foreign officials .
This should be left to MI6 the Secret Intelligence Service or , in limited counter - intelligence operations , to MI5 the Security Service .
There is no independent scrutiny of the " arrangements " which the heads of the intelligence agencies or the Defence Council have to put in place according to the clause above .
There are no penalties for officials of those agencies or the armed forces , if they contravene such " arrangements " .
Presumably these unspecified " arrangements " will involve some more bureaucratic form filling and blanket rubber stamp self authorisations , which will be kept secret from the public and Parliament , under the claim of " national security " exemptions to the Freedom of Information Act etc .
There is no mechanism for independent investigation of individual cases of alleged bribery involving people hiding behind " national security " secrecy .
There is not even any duty imposed on Ministers to report to Parliament and the public how much public money has been spent on bribes in total each year .
.
As Michele Bachmann riled a group of feisty Tea Partiers to rail against taxes and government spending , taxpayers were quietly forced to pick up a $ 13,600 tab for their festivities .
New expense reports from last November ’s Tea Party gathering in Washington , D.C. reveal that the rally comprising thousands of protesters was funded by official congressional money , according to the the Minneapolis Star Tribune .
ADVERTISEMENT
For the sound , staging and equipment , Bachmann ( R - MN ) was financially assisted by taxpayer - funded allowances from Reps .
Todd Akin ( R - MO ) , Tom Price ( R - GA ) , and Steve King ( R - IA ) .
But despite natural ire at the abuse of taxpayer funds , experts suggest that the lawmakers acted within congressional rules as long as the event was not campaign - related .
“ Unless it ’s billed as a campaign event , or campaign donations are solicited , or there ’s a concerted program of endorsements for candidates based on party affiliation , I do n’t think that they ran into any issues , ” Stan Brand , former general counsel to the U.S. House of Representatives , told the Tribune .
While use of congressional funds for events is common among both parties , it might be considered unseemly for lawmakers and Americans to protest big government and runaway spending by spending thousands of taxpayer dollars .
The Tea Party has billed itself as an independent small - government movement but has largely behaved as an anti-Obama and anti-Democratic faction , aligning more and more closely with the GOP .
ADVERTISEMENT
Bachmann , a highly controversial lawmaker nationally , is a prominent and lauded figure within the movement .
She ’s also known for parsing — if not inventing — facts .
This Sunday the congresswoman alleged on Fox News that President Obama has nationalized 51 percent of the private economy — a wild - charge with no factual basis .
Seventy - five years later , memories of the Dust Bowl still bring up strong emotions for those who lived through it .
Three men recount the hardships and talk about whether or not it could happen again .
Enlarge By Geoffrey McAllister , for USA TODAY Wildlife Refuge Manager Jude Smith explains how a fence post has been buried by tumbleweeds and soil over time at the Muleshoe National Wildlife Refuge , near Muleshoe , Texas .
Smith believes a couple fences are buried beneath this fence .
1930S DUST BOWL 1930S DUST BOWL Enlarge National Oceanic & Atmospheric Adminstration via AP
A dust storm approaches Stratford , Texas , on April 18 , 1935 .
In the Dust Bowl days of the 1930s , a single storm could linger for days .
MULESHOE , Texas  James Wedel remembers seeing thunderheads on the horizon and thinking : " Oh good , we 're finally gonna get some rain . "
One problem :
Those were n't rain clouds .
" The wind started blowing , the dust started blowing , and you could hardly see in front of your face , " Wedel says .
" Static electricity was flying around .
It was hard to breathe .
I tell you , it was awful scary . "
Seventy - five years have passed since the worst of the Dust Bowl , a relentless series of dust storms that ravaged farms and livelihoods in the southern Great Plains that carried a layer of silt as far east as New York City .
Today , the lessons learned during that era are more relevant than ever as impending water shortages and more severe droughts threaten broad swaths of the nation .
PHOTOS : Dust Bowl then and now RELATED : More about climate science
The storms , made worse by insufficient crop rotation and other farming practices that eroded the soil , unleashed one of the biggest migrations in American history , as thousands fled from Texas and Oklahoma to places such as California .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , whose department oversees America 's land and other natural resources , says another period of mass " relocation " is possible in the 21st century — especially if rain patterns and temperatures change as some expect .
" As we see the effects of climate change … we 're going to have to become even more cognizant of our relationship with land , water and wildlife , " Salazar says .
Wedel , now 90 and retired , spent the rest of his working life as a cotton farmer trying to prevent another tragedy like the Dust Bowl .
A plaque proclaiming him the area 's " Conservation Farmer of the Year " in 1985 hangs in his home , testimony to the use of cover crops and irrigation methods that have become widely accepted since the 1930s among residents of Muleshoe and other West Texas communities .
" I do n't think we 'll ever see a time like ( the Dust Bowl ) again , " Wedel says .
" We 've got better farming techniques and we know what we 're up against . "
Some issue dire warnings
Others are more concerned .
Gary McManus , a climatologist for Oklahoma 's state - run climate organization , says global warming could have a " catastrophic " impact across the parts of Texas , New Mexico , Colorado , Kansas and Oklahoma that suffered most in the " Dirty Thirties . "
He says the region 's climate is so dry , even in the best of times , that just a small increase in average temperatures could quickly cause critical amounts of moisture in the soil to evaporate .
That could mean more severe dust storms .
And , McManus says , droughts could become longer and more acute as weather patterns shift .
Meanwhile , the Ogallala Aquifer , the vast underground reservoir upon which the area relies for nearly all of its water , is being depleted by growing demand from commercial agriculture and urban centers .
" Our society today is n't used to turning on the spigot and having no water come out , " says McManus , co-author of Oklahoma 's official report on how the state could be affected by climate change .
" That 's something that previous generations learned at the point of a gun . "
" It really drives home the importance of conservation , of taking care of the resources we have . "
Farmers and other land managers from Texas to North Dakota are working with exactly that goal in mind , aware their future may depend on it .
On a recent spring afternoon , Jude Smith and his staff at the Muleshoe National Wildlife Refuge , a 6,500 - acre spread of federal land just south of town , were using a backhoe to push a giant bale of hay into a drainage ditch .
The goal : " We 're trying to fix mistakes that were made 70 years ago , " says Smith , smiling and shaking his head in disbelief .
The ditch was formed by decades of improperly managed water runoff from a nearby agricultural field , Smith says .
These days , it carries away large quantities of dirt with each major rainfall .
Smith hopes the hay will act as a filter , catching the dirt as it flows downhill — and thus preventing the kind of land erosion that made the dust storms of the 1930s so severe .
" Anything that keeps the land in place is good , " Smith says .
" Nothing happens fast in these fields , but you think of this as being a little down payment against any challenges we face . "
Biggest hurdle : Complacency ?
Many residents of Muleshoe — population : 4,571 , stoplights : one — are skeptical of dire predictions , says Larry Thornton , editor of the Muleshoe Journal .
He says living on an arid plateau plagued by tumbleweeds and tornadoes has taught people " they can overcome just about anything . "
Asked whether locals worry about global warming , Thornton shakes his head and says , " Let 's put it this way : Rush Limbaugh has a lot more fans around here than Hillary Clinton . "
Water issues , though , tend to get people 's attention .
Even though the winter that just ended was unusually cold and wet , it wo n't be nearly enough to halt a long - term , possibly irreversible depletion of the Ogallala Aquifer , Muleshoe City Manager David Brunson says .
He says that farmers have taken steps to extend the life of the aquifer , which is a primary water source as far north as Nebraska , by using less wasteful irrigation methods .
" But at some point , there are going to be people who just can't get water , " Brunson says .
" I hope that 's still 50 years away . …
When it comes , you 're going to see this area decline .
People are going to have to find something else to do .
The population here will decline . "
Thornton says a few wells in the area have already gone dry , forcing some farmers to rely on " dryland farming " — abandoning irrigation and relying entirely on the weather , a dicey proposition in an area that gets only about 17 inches of rain a year .
" People here are real serious about water and land conservation issues , " Mayor Cliff Black says .
" That goes all the way back to the Dust Bowl . "
In case anyone gets to feeling complacent , there are still a few folks around to remind them just how bad things were .
" It was rough old times , " says J.K. Adams , 93 .
His family was able to survive by persuading the bank to suspend interest payments on their farm , and by using irrigation from a nearby well .
" Daddy did a lot to keep the farm from blowing away , " he says .
They were the lucky ones .
Adams remembers going out to the highway to sell cantaloupes to people giving up on Oklahoma and Texas and moving west to California — a migration made famous in John Steinbeck 's 1939 novel , The Grapes of Wrath .
Dust and drought destroyed millions of acres of crops and left children sick with what doctors called " dust pneumonia . "
The devastation peaked on April 14 , 1935 , when several so - called " black blizzards " rolled across the plains and darkened skies as far away as the East Coast .
By the time the drought began to ease in the late 1930s , more than 2.5 million people had been displaced from their homes , according to Dust Bowl , a book by Kansas University professor Donald Worster .
Asked what separated the fortunate from those who had to move west , Adams pauses .
Then tears run down his cheeks .
" Those were some of the finest people in the whole world , " he says .
" Those folks , they struggled and strained .
There was no real reason for it .
We just got caught napping , so to speak .
We left ourselves vulnerable to the land . "
Guardians of the land Smith , the wildlife refuge manager , is only 41 but he , too , admits to being motivated in part by the specter of the 1930s .
He grew up in nearby Clovis , N.M. , hearing stories from his aunt about how she would collect tumbleweeds in the spring when they were still green , boil them — and then eat them to keep from going hungry .
" She said they tasted good , like spinach , " Smith says .
" But … you do n't want to go back to those times . "
Smith 's efforts are made more difficult by some of the country 's most volatile weather .
The temperature on Texas ' High Plains can fluctuate 50 degrees or more in a 24 - hour period , and the wind is merciless .
The weather explains why small , man -made mistakes can trigger a chain of environmental disasters , he says .
As evidence , Smith points to a lonely wooden stub protruding a few inches from the ground and says : " That used to be a barbed - wire fence .
And I 'll bet you there are four or five more fences just like it underneath there . "
Such incidents occur when large numbers of tumbleweeds collect on a fence , eventually forming a kind of net that collects blowing dust .
Unless the tumbleweeds are regularly removed with pitchforks by Smith and his crew , an entire fence can be covered up in a matter of years , he says .
Ravines then form around untended fence lines , carrying away dirt during storms .
Other problems demand constant attention — and show how even the best of intentions can go awry out here .
Smith is working to remove salt cedar trees , a non-native species that sucks massive amounts of water out of the soil and attracts bands of feral hogs that root through the soil , loosening it further .
Ironically , farmers first planted the salt cedar trees decades ago to hold the soil down .
" ( The pigs ) come through , and it looks like somebody 's dropped a thousand bombs out here , " Smith says .
Smith says area farmers generally are " excellent " about maintaining their land , but he worries that the combination of high commodity prices and the recession could tempt some to cut corners to maintain profits .
Glen Williams , 93 , sees things differently .
He recalls how tough times " brought out the best in people " and " trained them " to take better care of the land .
" There 's nothing quite like adversity to focus the mind , " Williams says .
He helped support his family during the Dust Bowl by dropping out of grade school and digging up mesquite bushes for $ 4 a day .
Despite his lack of formal education , he went on to be a county judge for 24 years .
" We 'll get through this all right , " he says .
" I 'm sure of it . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Kunduz - Affäre Verteidigungsministerium wollte Wahrheit gezielt vertuschen
Der Kunduz - Ausschuss vernimmt die gefeuerten Spitzenbeamten Wichert und Schneiderhan - sie müssen sich heiklen neuen Fragen stellen .
Interne Dokumente belegen nach SPIEGEL - ONLINE - Informationen , wie eine " Gruppe 85 " im Verteidigungsministerium Nato - Ermittlungen beeinflusste .
Und sogar versuchte , die Justiz zu steuern .
und John Goetz Von Matthias Gebauer
Browse the full source of the ray tracer on GitHub
A few weeks back I came across the smallpt ray tracer by Kevin Beason .
smallpt is a global illumination renderer written in 99 lines of C ++.
Since it uses a Monte Carlo technique to randomly cast rays and average the results , the longer you can leave it running , the better the image will look .
Kevin 's code uses OpenMP to split calculations across more than one CPU core .
Since ray tracing is the sort of mathsy task that Haskell excels at , I wanted to see how what a Haskell port of Kevin 's code looked like .
That code itself is n't the subject of this article , because what I wanted to write about instead are the techniques you can use to distribute Haskell code across multiple cores .
These techniques range from parMap ( which is almost transparent to the program , but provides little control over where the code runs ) to brute - force distribution of work across several machines .
parMap
One of the things I love about Haskell is that its pure functional nature makes it straightforward to parallelise code within a single machine .
You can normally take any code implemented in terms of map and parallelise it with parMap , from the Control .
Parallel .
Strategies module .
parMap will use lightweight threads provided by the runtime to apply a function to each element in a list in parallel .
The parMap function accepts an argument that controls the evaluation strategy .
Most of the examples I 've seen use parMap rwhnf ( " weak head normal form " ) , which only evaluates the outside of a data structure ; the insides of your data are evaluated lazily , and this does n't necessarily happen on one of the parallel lightweight threads as intended .
To evaluate anything more complicated than a list of simple values in you 'll probably need to use parMap rdeepseq , which recurses inside your data on the lightweight thread so that it 's fully evaluated by the time parMap finishes .
rdeepseq is defined in terms of the Control .
DeepSeq module , and if you 've defined your own types , you 'll find you need to implement NFData .
A final note on parMap : do n't forget to compile with the - threaded flag , then run your program with +RTS - Nx , where x is the number of CPU cores you want to distribute across .
forkIO
Haskell supports good old - fashioned manual concurrency with functions in the Control .
Concurrent module .
This works broadly the same as in other languages :
Use forkIO to start an IO computation in parallel with the current thread
to start an IO computation in parallel with the current thread Threads can communicate through objects called MVars : create a new one using newEmpty MVar or newMVar
or MVars can be empty , or they can hold at most one value :
Read a value from an MVar using takeMVar .
This will block if the MVar is currently empty .
.
This will block if the MVar is currently empty .
Write a value to an MVar using putMVar .
This will block if the MVar is currently full .
Calling putMVar wakes up one of the threads that 's blocked inside takeMVar .
forkIO starts a computation in parallel and lets you essentially forget about it ; mvars are an effective way of encapsulating mutable state shared between more than one thread .
What I like about this is that there 's no error - prone manual locking like you 'd find in , say , Java or .NET .
Although forkIO and mvars give you full control over thread scheduling , they 're not drop - in replacements for sequential calculations in the same way as parMap .
Brute force
The previous two techniques rely on the multi- threading capabilities of the Haskell runtime .
They know nothing of what 's happening outside of a single Haskell process , which limits them to the number of cores present in the machine .
To go beyond that , separate instances of your program will need to communicate with each other over a network .
In my Haskell port of smallpt , I used this technique to run as many instances of the program as needed : one process per core on the local machine , and one process on each of a range of instances running on Amazon EC2 .
The communication protocol is as simple as possible : plain text over pipes .
I used ssh to communicate with the EC2 instances , so from the outside there 's no difference between a local instance and one running on the cloud .
The algorithm goes as follows :
Establish the work you need to do .
In this case , a work item is one line in the final rendered image .
Split the work into tasks you can give to the worker processes .
For simplicity , I 'm splitting the work equally to give one task to each worker .
Launch the workers and provide them with the task inputs .
Since workers accept plain text , I take a Work object and hPrint it to a pipe .
When each worker finishes , collect its output .
Outputs will come back in an unpredictable order .
When all the workers are done , sort all of the outputs into the same order as the inputs
The coordinator is the program you launch from the command line , and it deals with things like command - line parsing , executing the distribution algorithm above , and writing a .png format image at the end .
The worker processes are themselves instances of the smallpt executable , launched with the -r flag .
In effect what each smallpt -r does is :
-- Render one line of the scene and return it as a list of pixels line :: ( Floating a , Ord a , Random a ) => Context a -> Int -> [ Vec a ] runWorker = interact ( show . map line .
read )
One potential flaw in this is that , because you 're communicating over plain text , the Haskell type system wo n't trap any errors : there is n't necessarily any link between the types in the coordinator and the types in the worker .
The interface to the distribution code consists of a Coordinator a b record , where a is the type for inputs to the workers , and b is the type that the workers produce as output :
data ( Show a , Read b ) => Coordinator a b = Coordinator { submitWork :: [ String ] -> [ a ] -> IO [ b ] , runWorker :: IO ( ) } coordinator :: ( Read a , Show a , Read b , Show b ) => ( a -> b ) ->
Coordinator a b coordinator worker = Coordinator { submitWork = submitWork ' , runWorker = interact ( show . map worker . read ) }
Most of the multi- threading code lives inside the submitWork ' function which implements the algorithm above :
Given a list of worker commands lines ( [ String ] ) and the work itself ( [ a ] ) , produce a list of tuples of workers and tasks Using forkIO , fork one thread per worker .
Inside each of these threads :
Start the worker process itself ( via createProcess shell ) Write an [ a ] to its standard input Read a [ b ] from its standard output Put the [ b ] into an mvar shared between all worker threads Back in the coordinator thread , call takeMVar once for each worker .
This produces a list of results as a [ [ b ] ] .
Once all the workers have finished , collapse the results into a [ b ] , making sure the output list comes back in the same order as the original inputs .
If any of the workers encountered an error , use ioError to fail the whole operation .
This approach works remarkably well for this simple ray tracer demo .
But it has some serious flaws that you 'd want to avoid in a production system :
Any failed worker process invalidates the whole set of results .
Even in the absence of software bugs , machines can fail any time ( consider how often disks fail when you 've got 4,000 of them ) .
The coordinator should recognise transient errors and retry those tasks ; it might choose to take workers out of rotation if they fail repeatedly .
All machines are assumed to be equally powerful .
This is rarely the case : for instance , workers running on my Mac here finish far sooner than ones on my small Amazon instances .
All work is assumed to take the same length of time to complete .
Even in this simple ray tracer , plain diffuse surfaces are much easier to calculate than reflective ( shiny ) ones or refractive ( transparent ) ones .
Tasks are allocated up front .
If a worker finishes early -- maybe because it 's running on a Mac Pro , or because it generated a line of empty space -- it can't have any more work allocated to it .
Workers can't spawn other workers .
In my code the worker function is n't declared in the IO monad , so it can't interact with anything .
Even if it could , it would need to know about all of the other workers so that it could pick an idle core to do work on .
Next time I 'll talk about some of the code in the ray tracer itself , as well as some approaches you 'd use in practice to correct these flaws in the demo .
Singapore .
A top Asian fund manager said on Wednesday the civil fraud allegations against massive Wall Street bank Goldman Sachs was a smokescreen to divert attention from the financial crisis in the United States .
Goldman is being investigated for fraud by the Securities and Exchange Commission and Britains market watchdog .
It has also been learned that banks here in Asia are using the US banks woes to get an edge on multimillion - dollar fee - paying deals in the region .
Marc Faber , who runs Hong Kong - based fund manager Marc Faber , described the lawsuit against Goldman Sachs as a hunt for scapegoats amid economic problems faced by the US .
 The target now is Goldman Sachs .
You distract the masses with a villain ,  he said at the Asian Public Real Estate Association Forum in Singapore .
Goldmans leading role on Wall Street , coupled with massive paychecks to staff and bumper profits , make it an obvious target , Faber said .
Rival institutions in Asia were seizing on Goldmans problems to try and elbow in front of the bank on major upcoming deals , sources familiar with the matter said .
Investment bankers have been lobbying executives at state - owned Agricultural Bank of China and pushing officials in Beijing to drop Goldman as an underwriter for the banks more than $ 20 billion IPO .
Rivals are also asking officials at state - controlled Bank of Communications to ditch Goldman from its joint global coordinator role in the Chinese banks $ 6.1 billion rights issue , the sources said , though there was no evidence either bank was considering pushing Goldman aside .
Read the rest of the article
The Best of Marc Faber
WILLISTON , N.D. —
When Joey Scott arrived here recently from Montana , he had no trouble finding work — he signed almost immediately with a company working to drill in the oil fields .
But finding housing was another matter .
Every motel in town was booked , some for months in advance .
Every apartment complex , even every mobile home park , had a waiting list .
Mr. Scott found himself sleeping in his pickup truck in the Wal - Mart parking lot , shaving and washing his hair in a puddle of melted snow .
“ I ’ve got a pocketful of money , but I just ca n’t find a room , ” said Mr. Scott , 25 .
North Dakota has a novel problem : plenty of jobs , but nowhere to put the people who hold them .
The same forces that have resulted in more homelessness elsewhere — unemployment , foreclosure , economic misery — have pushed laid off workers from California , Florida , Minnesota , Michigan and Wyoming to abundant jobs here , especially in the booming oil fields .
Brig Hossien Sajedinia , Tehran 's police chief , said a national crackdown on opposition sympathisers would be extended to women who have been deemed to be violating the spirit of Islamic laws .
He said : " The public expects us to act firmly and swiftly if we see any social misbehaviour by women , and men , who defy our Islamic values .
In some areas of north Tehran we can see many suntanned women and young girls who look like walking mannequins .
For a full rundown of changes including issues fixed , see the CHANGELOG .
Release 0.9.3
=============
* Added package support for Kubuntu 10.04 and openSUSE 11.3 .
* Added an option to hide the quick search and freeze sort controls for a more compact display .
* Added the ability to add the widget to the system tray .
Release 0.9.2
=============
* Changed process owner username lookups to be asynchronous with cached results .
This reduces network chatter on systems with remote user databases ( e.g. LDAP ) .
* Improved popup handling so the popup window stays open until explicitly dismissed .
* The applet now prompts for a device when the default ( " any " ) pseudo - device is not found .
* Fixed a bug that caused the applet to display an error when IP v6 is disabled .
* Minor improvements to the build process .
Release 0.9.1
=============
First public release .
With job openings scarce for young people , the number of unpaid internships has climbed in recent years , leading federal and state regulators to worry that more employers are illegally using such internships for free labor .
Convinced that many unpaid internships violate minimum wage laws , officials in Oregon , California and other states have begun investigations and fined employers .
Last year , M. Patricia Smith , then New York ’s labor commissioner , ordered investigations into several firms ’ internships .
Now , as the federal Labor Department ’s top law enforcement official , she and the wage and hour division are stepping up enforcement nationwide .
Many regulators say that violations are widespread , but that it is unusually hard to mount a major enforcement effort because interns are often afraid to file complaints .
Many fear they will become known as troublemakers in their chosen field , endangering their chances with a potential future employer .
The Labor Department says it is cracking down on firms that fail to pay interns properly and expanding efforts to educate companies , colleges and students on the law regarding internships .
The house at 10512 Baldy Mountain Rd. in Sandpoint , Idaho , looks like just another vacant foreclosed home .
Some appliances , a bathroom mirror and even the hot tub are missing .
The dining room of the three - bedroom house has water damage .
But this is n't your run -of - the - mill problem house .
Call it an Extreme Foreclosure .
The 3,678 - square - foot McMansion is a product of the popular " Extreme Makeover : Home Edition " reality television show .
It is n't the only " Extreme " home to fall on hard times .
Each week , an average 9.4 million viewers tune in to ABC - TV for what , over seven seasons , has become a classic formula :
Find a struggling family with a heart - tugging story and send them on vacation as an army of volunteers work frantically to replace an existing home with a much nicer and bigger one in just 106 hours .
Each episode ends with a dramatic tear - filled tour of the new home , packed with donated furnishings , and outsize extras like a carousel or bowling lanes .
But after the cameras have gone , another trend has been developing : Homeowners struggle to keep up with their expensive new digs .
In many cases , the bigger , more lavish homes have come with bigger , more lavish utility bills .
And bigger tax assessments .
Some homeowners have tapped the equity of their super - sized homes only to fall behind on the higher mortgage payments .
The show 's producers say they are aware of the problem and are making changes appropriate to current economic reality : downsizing .
THE modern symphony orchestra has thudded out of bed , stretched its lumbering limbs and woken up to the new reality of recordings : the industry has faded away .
It ’s do - it - yourself time .
On top of that , the old dual way to receive classical music is dead .
Before you could only hear a broadcast or purchase music on a commercial label ’s record ; now the means to hear an orchestra concert outside a concert hall have proliferated to a dizzying degree .
Orchestras offer an array of often direct channels to your eardrums : selling their own CDs and DVDs ; providing live streams to your computer ; making those streams available for some time after the fact ; offering downloads to be owned permanently .
Orchestras are moving into these areas largely out of necessity .
The commercial classical recording industry , as it was configured in its late - 20th - century heyday , is vastly diminished , and there is little money to be made in the business .
The New York Philharmonic , for instance , a giant of the recording industry in the Leonard Bernstein years , has not had a long - term contract with a commercial label for a decade .
But orchestras have always needed recordings as marketing tools .
Records spread their fame and bestow their musical interpretations on a worldwide audience .
Audiences should have new interpretations of classics to fall in love with , as well as exposure to new or unfamiliar works .
Conductors , soloists and orchestra members want a way to leave a legacy ( and earn royalties ) .
It seems that Diablo III may not be the only diabolical project over at Blizzard after all .
Diablo III is a very long way away .
Why is it so far away ?
Well , there are a few options - the team could be constantly revising all of their plans , for one .
They could be too addicted to StarCraft II and WoW , for another .
Or , they could be working on more than one game .
The recent SEC filing by Activision ( where it was revealed that things were going to be shaken up at Infinity Ward ) contained a bit of information about what the company 's Blizzard arm was up to in its secret fortress buried beneath Irvine .
" Blizzard is currently developing new games , including a new expansion pack to the World of Warcraft franchise , Cataclysm , StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty , which will be released with the new and improved Battle.net , and sequels to the Diablo franchise . "
Nothing new there , right ?
We knew Blizzard was working on Cataclysm and StarCraft as well as sequels to Diablo - wait , what 's that ?
Sequels ?
As in , plural ?
Waitaminnit .
While it 's tempting to assume that this could just be referring to concurrent development of both Diablo III and its inevitable expansion pack , it 's worth noting that the SEC filing specifically indicates that Cataclysm is an expansion , not a sequel .
MTV Multiplayer points back to an interview they had with D3 lead Jay Wilson at last year 's BlizzCon :
" We 're not saying this is the end of the Diablo universe , " said Wilson , " but we are trying to bring this storyline to a close .
It 's not just Diablo 3 - we 've got plans beyond . "
Very , very interesting .
There 's no doubt that Diablo III is the main focus right now , but there may well be stuff in the works for the popular series beyond that title .
Maybe we wo n't have to wait twelve years for Diablo IV .
To everyone who claims that our wealthiest citizens pay more than their fair share of income taxes and we should cut them a break because they ’re the ones who , you know , create jobs in our economy , I have four words for you :
Frank and Jamie McCourt .
The McCourts , who own the Los Angeles Dodgers ( so she says ; he says he ’s the owner and she ’s not ) , jointly pocketed income totaling $ 108 million from 2004 through 2009 , according to documents Jamie McCourt recently filed in the couple ’s divorce case in Los Angeles County Superior Court .
On that sum , they paid zero federal and state income tax .
Jamie suggests that some tax breaks will apply this year too .
Advertisement
This reminds me of the old line about how true scandal lies not in what ’s illegal , but what ’s legal .
It ’s certainly an edifying window into the lengths some people will go to avoid paying taxes .
The court papers indicate that the McCourts deliberately structured their business at least partially to allow them to live tax - free .
Frank McCourt ’s lawyer , Marc Seltzer , did n’t directly dispute Jamie ’s characterizations of the couple ’s tax planning or the details of their finances .
He did , however , call her document filings “ selective ” and complained by e-mail that she made public “ information which most people would respect as private . ”
According to Jamie , the McCourts employed two mechanisms to live tax - free .
One was to claim enormous tax losses from their business , which was mostly commercial real estate before they bought the Dodgers .
These could be carried forward , offsetting income year after year until they were finally netted out .
Jamie ’s documents say that in 2008 the net loss carry - forward from previous years was $ 109 million -- in other words , the McCourts could have earned that much without paying a penny of income tax .
Advertisement
A year later , the loss carry - forward had increased to $ 135 million , which makes it sound as if 2008 was one horrible year .
Yet according to another document Jamie filed in court , one of Frank ’s partnerships paid him $ 23 million that year .
Did the McCourts really lose $ 135 million in the years before 2009 ?
Probably not in the sense that you or I suffer a loss when a dollar bill slips through a hole in our jeans , or even when we sell that stock our brother - in - law described as “ a slam dunk ” for less than we paid for it .
“ They ’re tax losses .
I do n’t mean real losses , ” Jamie ’s lawyer , Bert Fields , told me .
Fields , who assured me that everything the McCourts have done is legitimate , tax - wise , was n’t entirely clear on how the losses were generated .
But Jamie ’s accountant states in a court document that some is due to depreciation , which is a way of accounting for wear and tear on a property .
Advertisement
Depreciation is a non-cash expense that can be applied against cash income , reducing your income taxes or creating a loss to show the tax man , even though you ’re making money .
It ’s common in real estate , though it can also be applied to things like a sports team ’s player contracts .
Depreciation is technically a tax deferral , not an exemption , but the reckoning can be years off .
In any case , one would also think that if the McCourts ’ business were truly suffering operating losses of such magnitude , eventually it would no longer have the proverbial urn to fill .
It ’s unclear whether this is so -- the document dump includes a 2007 e-mail from an officer of the McCourt Group , one of the family ’s major holding companies , observing that the group “ has squat for assets ” and needs “ start up capital and cash flow ” -- but that ’s just one subsidiary .
Another McCourt maneuver involves financing and refinancing their assets .
The tax rules allow real estate owners to refinance properties with rising values and take out cash tax - free .
( Many homeowners engaged in similar “ cash out ” refis during the housing boom ) .
Land developers can transfer tax credits from property to property , like an NFL team booting a fumbled ball toward the goal line , until time runs out or the market crashes .
The McCourts have also borrowed against future business income -- in 2007 they took out a $ 140 - million loan against future Dodger ticket sales , of which $ 20 million went to fund their lifestyles , tax - free .
Of course , when the loan comes due , the piper will have to be paid , but interest on the loan will be tax - deductible for the Dodgers , Jamie ’s lawyers say .
Advertisement
It ’s proper to acknowledge that tax breaks like these can have a legitimate purpose .
The idea is that they encourage certain investments , such as real estate development , that may energize the economy and create jobs .
Is that what ’s happening here ?
The tax benefits reaped by the McCourts helped turbocharge their lifestyle .
There are eight houses , including four in Holmby Hills and Malibu .
The McCourts treated their family and business checkbooks as “ largely one and the same , ” according to an e-mail from a McCourt executive Jamie filed in court .
( Oddly , the e-mail ascribes to her the philosophy of “ why have a family business but to support the family lifestyle . ” )
This paid for meals in the best restaurants , floral arrangements for home and office from the finest florists , country club dues , personal travel on the Dodgers plane , Jamie ’s makeup “ for Dodger events ” ( $ 386 a month ) .
The point is not to begrudge the McCourts these luxuries .
The point is to question why we as taxpayers should subsidize them .
Jamie asserts that , although the state of Massachusetts is auditing the couple ’s personal returns for 2006 ( they used to be based in the Bay State ) , neither California nor the Internal Revenue Service is doing so .
This raises another question :
Why not ?
Can we as taxpayers be confident we are n’t paying more than our fair share ?
Jamie alleges that for the purposes of the divorce , Frank has manipulated the business accounts to make himself look $ 670 million poorer than he is .
Delivering fake numbers to the IRS is a rather different matter from delivering them to your spouse in a divorce action , but the McCourts structured their business as a stew with a lot of complicated ingredients , which makes it hard to verify that all the tax breaks are fully warranted .
Advertisement
People who practice tax avoidance on this scale do n’t often emerge with their images unsullied .
When a Senate committee revealed in 1933 that J.P. Morgan Jr. and his partners had paid no income taxes for 1930 , 1931 and 1932 , their reputation for probity was shattered ; the uproar helped the New Deal bring Wall Street under regulation .
Leona Helmsley ’s 1989 conviction for tax evasion wrecked her elegant image forever ( I am not suggesting the McCourts broke the law , as she did ) .
But she did bequeath us the credo of the wealthy non-taxpayer .
“ Only the little people pay taxes , ” she reportedly told a maid .
The lesson of the McCourts is slightly different :
The little people pay taxes for the big people .
--
Michael Hiltzik ’s column appears Sundays and Wednesdays .
Advertisement
--
E-mail michael.hiltzik@latimes.com , read past columns at www.latimes.com/hiltzik, and follow @latimeshiltzik on Twitter .
( This address wo n't actually be stored on the site , do n't fret )
Contact Email
Desired Username
Desired Password
Cover Letter
We will need a working email address ( no temporary shit , this process may take days for us to notice and respond to ) , the user / pass you would like - note we have literallysecurity here so do n't use your gmail password fer crissakes - and then tell us why you want to join .
Be creative !
Or just type 200 swear words .
We 're easily pleased .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Washington Post
Jimmy Carter
Blue Dogs in the House
kindred spirits
Democratic Leadership Council
The Huffington Post
Rahm Emanuel
Dan Froomkin
senior administration official
Lanny Davis
White House press corps
White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel has become a reluctant central figure in the battle between liberals and centrists in the Democratic Party .
A spate of recent reports have portrayed Emanuel , known for his aggressive brand of Washington politics , as either the voice of reason in a weak , liberal White House or the wet blanket preventingfrom pursuing the kind of change he promised as a candidate .
Emanuel has become the flash point in those arguments as liberals express betrayal over Obama 's failure to convince Congress to pass a public option in healthcare reform and close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
In recent stories and columns in , Emanuel is described as a political pragmatist , pushing Obama to accept realistic limitations on both issues in order to secure smaller victories over abject failures .
Or as the Dana Milbank put it , Emanuel is " the only person keeping Obama from becoming .
" The president , in turn , is depicted as unsure , beholden to liberal groups ' desires before ultimately heeding Emanuel 's realistic assessment of the political environment and caving to centrists in a fashion reminiscent of the triangulation of Emanuel 's other White House boss -- The culprits behind those stories are not Emanuel or those who support him , Democratic strategists say , but instead the liberal Netroots crowd disgusted by what they view as appeasement to the center .
Some of those efforts to weaken Emanuel are coming from inside the building at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , one Democratic strategist said .
" There are people in the White House who are trying to get rid of Rahm , and they are leaking everything they can , " said the strategist , who is close to Emanuel .
" Some of it 's personal , some of it's professional [ly ] judgmental , but there is no doubt there 's an effort .
" Those critics think Emanuel is " too close to theand too ready to compromise .
" But what Rahm represents to the left dates back to liberal anger with Clinton and hisat the centrist ( DLC ) .
Emanuel is seen by some progressives as wanting to win , to a fault by sacrificing principles of the party .
" Rahm believes in being elected ; not in the glory of losing or failing , " the strategist said .
That mentality has never sat well with some prominent bloggers .
Just this past week , , a force in the Democratic Party , ran this headline : " : Obama 's Chief of Sabotage .
"
In that story , authorsaid that for Emanuel , " victory is everything -- even if you have to give up your core values to win , and even if you could have won while sticking to them .
"
" The Rahm Emanuel that Obama hired is the poster child for the timid , pseudo - pragmatism that is inimical to the idealistic Obama agenda so many excited voters responded to [ in November 2008 ] , " Froomkin wrote .
" And it 's a pragmatism that is absolutely killing the Democratic Party in the long run , because American voters have an intrinsic distrust of politicians they see as tacking with the polls or shying away from a fight .
" Those kind of attacks have led centrists in the party to defend Emanuel , even former Clinton , a fan of the public option but someone who says that he and Emanuel did not get along in the White House .
( " That is an understatement , " Davis said . ) .
Davis served with Emanuel in the Clinton White House for 14 months , and Davis said that while he has not always been a fan of Emanuel 's , he is a " big fan of his strategy for the president .
" Emanuel understands , Davis said , " the value of getting something done as opposed to being ideologically pure .
" Because of that , and because of Emanuel 's personality , the former Illinois congressman is easy to attack .
He 's an easier bogeyman for the Netroots and The Huffington Post than the nation 's first black president , who was elected on a mantle of hope and change .
" They do n't want to attack President Obama directly , " said Davis , a columnist for The Hill .
" They use Rahm Emanuel as a surrogate .
I think the campaign to push Rahm out will fail .
" Emanuel 's stewardship of the 2006 Democratic takeover of the House did little to curtail the critics .
In an open letter to the president that was posted on his website Friday , liberal filmmaker Michael Moore praises Emanuel for his role in winning back the House , but attacks how he has served as White House chief of staff .
The letter , titled , " Replace Rahm with Me , " states , " Rahm Emanuel took on the job of returning Congress to the Democrats .
No one believed it could be done .
But he did it .
Big time .
He put the fear of God into the party of Rush and Newt .
They had never been so scared .
" Yet , Moore claims that Emanuel lost his way : " Rahm , poor Rahm , has turned into a fighter -- not of Republicans , but of the left .
He called those of us who want universal health care 'f *** ing retarded . '" According to Froomkin , Emanuel made his reputation by " getting a bunch of conserva - Dems elected in purple states in 2006 , winning the party control of the House while at the same time crippling its progressive agenda .
" That kind of criticism is baffling to Democrats like Davis .
" Without Rahm Emanuel , there would be no House Democratic majority , " Davis said .
" We would have Speaker [ John ] [ R - Ohio ] .
That is a fact that the left does not seem to care about .
" Given the tone of the stories about Emanuel , many in Washington and in thehave wondered if the nimble politico is at the root of the leaks to Davis rejected that idea outright .
" His loyalty is so intense , is so 100 percent , almost to a fault , " Davis said .
Emanuel has many relationships with the reporters inside the Beltway , but he picks his spots when he wants to talk .
In February , for example , The Hill published an article quoting congressional Democrats who blamed Emanuel for the stalled healthcare reform effort .
Emanuel and his office declined to comment on the record or on background .
The White House has sought to play down the idea of any rifts between Emanuel and the president or Emanuel and the rest of the staff as press secretary Robert Gibbs spent much of a critical week for healthcare reform defending Emanuel .
" The president believed this in the campaign , the president believes this in the White House , that we all work together as a team , that we rise and fall together as one team , " Gibbs said .
" The president greatly values the skills that Rahm brings to the job of White House chief of staff .
I do n't think there 's anybody better suited in this job right now as we 're trying to get healthcare reform through Congress . "
As for reports that Emanuel tried unsuccessfully to rein Obama in early on the public option and closing Guantanamo Bay , Gibbs said it is not unusual for advisers to the president to offer advice only to see him go another way .
" We all give advice to the president on a daily basis , " Gibbs said .
" The president makes decisions , and we move forward .
When we move forward , nobody moves forward with more determination than the chief of staff . "
The stories of internal riffs are coming at a bad time for a White House , which is seeking unity in the party to pass healthcare reform .
But Jack Quinn , former chief of staff to Vice President Al Gore Albert ( Al ) Arnold GoreCompromise , yes — but how ?
A pre-debate suggestion Trump - Biden debate : High risk vs. low expectations
Interest in presidential election hits near - record high : poll MORE , said that reported controversies and Washington parlor games are not a distraction for those working in the West Wing .
Quinn , who has known Emanuel for close to 20 years , said that Emanuel is " focused like a laser beam " on the president 's agenda , and the outside drama is not enough to distract him from that .
" This is the greatest multi- tasker I 've ever met , " Quinn said .
This article was updated at 8:53 p.m .
Frankie Boyle has lashed out at the BBC , branding them ‘ cowardly ’ and ‘ cravenly afraid of giving offence ’ after censuring one of his jokes .
In an angry open letter , the comedian hit back at the BBC Trust for apologising for a gag he felt drew some small attention to the ‘ apartheid ’ in Palestine .
The corporation ’s governing body yesterday issued an apology for the joke Boyle made on Radio 4 ’s Political Animal two years ago .
A listener took their complaint that the gag was anti-Semitic – although appearing on a show hosted by the Jewish Andy Zaltzman – all the way to the top .
They ruled that the gag was a ‘ serious ’ breach of BBC rules and said : ‘ It said : ‘ As a result , the committee wished to apologise to the complainant on behalf of the BBC for any offence the remark may have caused him and other listeners to the programme . ’
However , Boyle says the Palestinian situation is a suitable topic for satire and defended the joke .
Here is the full text of his response :
Obviously , it feels strange to be on the moral high ground but I feel a response is required to the BBC Trust ’s cowardly rebuke of my jokes about Palestine .
As always , I heard nothing from the BBC but read in a newspaper that editorial procedures would be tightened further to stop jokes with anything at all to say getting past the censors .
In case you missed it , the jokes in question are : ‘ I ’ve been studying Israeli Army Martial Arts .
I now know 16 ways to kick a Palestinian woman in the back .
People think that the Middle East is very complex but I have an analogy that sums it up quite well .
If you imagine that Palestine is a big cake , well … that cake is being punched to pieces by a very angry Jew . ’
I think the problem here is that the show ’s producers will have thought that Israel , an aggressive , terrorist state with a nuclear arsenal was an appropriate target for satire .
The Trust ’s ruling is essentially a note from their line managers .
It says that if you imagine that a state busily going about the destruction of an entire people is fair game , you are mistaken .
Israel is out of bounds .
The BBC refused to broadcast a humanitarian appeal in 2009 to help residents of Gaza rebuild their homes .
It ’s tragic for such a great institution but it is now cravenly afraid of giving offence and vulnerable to any kind of well drilled lobbying .
I told the jokes on a Radio 4 show called Political Animal .
That title seems to promise provocative comedy with a point of view .
In practice the BBC wish to deliver the flavour of political comedy with none of the content .
The most recent offering I saw was BBC Two ’s The Bubble .
It looked exactly like a show where funny people sat around and did jokes about the news .
Except the thrust of the format was that nobody had read the papers .
I can only imagine how the head of the BBC Trust must have looked watching that , grinning like Gordon Brown having his prostrate examined .
The situation in Palestine seems to be , in essence , apartheid .
I grew up with the anti apartheid thing being a huge focus of debate .
It really seemed to matter to everybody that other human beings were being treated in that way .
We did n’t just talk about it , we did things , I remember boycotts and marches and demos all being held because we could n’t bear that people were being treated like that .
A few years ago I watched a documentary about life in Palestine .
There ’s a section where a UN dignitary of some kind comes to do a photo opportunity outside a new hospital .
The staff know that it communicates nothing of the real desperation of their position , so they trick her into a side ward on her way out .
She ends up in a room with a child who the doctors explain is in a critical condition because they do n’t have the supplies to keep treating him .
She flounders , awkwardly caught in the bleak reality of the room , mouthing platitudes over a dying boy .
The filmmaker asks one of the doctors what they think the stunt will have achieved .
He is suddenly angry , perhaps having just felt at first hand something he knew in the abstract .
The indifference of the world .
‘ She will do nothing , ’ he says to the filmmaker .
Then he looks into the camera and says , ‘ Neither will you ’ .
I cried at that and promised myself that I would do something .
Other than write a few stupid jokes I have not done anything .
Neither have you .
Frankie Boyle
Published : 30 Apr 2010
California Skywatch is in the process of being updated in 2017 .
There may be sections missing and replaced as the updates are completed .
We hope that this process will not inconvenience those who use this website during this time period .
Polaroid Photograph taken by Rosalind Peterson from Road 323 in Oregon on June 17 , 1959 .
Earliest photograph that I have showing a persistent jet contrail .
In Mendocino County , California , the earliest known photographs of persistent jet trails date back to 1988 .
PRESS RELEASE
ATMOSPHERIC GEOENGINEERING
Climate Remediation is Geoengineering
Solar Radiation Management ( SRM )
Photographs Demonstrating Man-Made Clouds in Mendocino County , California in 2012 , prime examples of SRM experiments :
Mendocino County , California – Man-Made Skies & Aurora – December 8 , 2012
Mendocino County , California – Man-Made Skies & Aurora – December 8 , 2012
Mendocino County , California – Man-Made Skies & Aurora – December 8 , 2012
Mendocino County , California – Man-Made Skies & Aurora – December 8 , 2012
Mendocino County , California – Man-Made Skies & Aurora – December 8 , 2012
Mendocino County , California – Man-Made Skies & Aurora – December 8 , 2012
EDUCATIONAL EVENTS : PLEASE visit your local city , county , state , or U.S. elected officials and join us in educating your elected officials about the critical issues noted below .
The U.S. House Science & Technology Committee and the UK Parliament in England held hearings in 2009 - 2010 and are working together to initiate more geoengineering programs under proposed “ Global Geoengineering Governance ” rules which exclude public debate , participation , knowledge , consent or oversight .
Please note that anyone may also modify or mitigate your weather without your knowledge , oversight or consent .
WE INVITE EVERYONE TO “ LOOK UP ” & TAKE NOTE OF THE UPPER ATMOSPHERIC GEOENGINEERING EXPERIMENTS GOING ON IN OUR SKIES !
GEOENGINEERING = SOLAR RADIATION MANAGEMENT
( SRM )
SRM = Reduction of Direct Sunlight Reaching the Earth
Geoengineering = Climate Remediation ( New Smoke & Mirrors Terminology Introduced in 2011 )
Please click on the Geoengineering Section at the Top of this page or go to Upcoming and Current events for more information .
You will also find more information below or by clicking on the yellow banner above this press release .
If you Would like to Host an educational event Please Contact us Today .
WE INVITE EVERYONE TO “ LOOK UP ” & TAKE NOTE OF THE UPPER ATMOSPHERIC GEOENGINEERING EXPERIMENTS GOING ON IN OUR SKIES !
NASA research studies show that increasingly persistent jet contrails may turn into “ man- made clouds ” ( or white haze ) , and are “ … trapping warmth in the atmosphere and exacerbating global warming …
Any change in global cloud cover may contribute to long - term changes in the Earth ’s climate … ”
~~
To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men .
~~ Abraham Lincoln
Geoengineering : Destroying The Atmosphere with Rosalind Peterson – Uploaded by TheAlexJonesChannel on Feb 25 , 2012 – Global Geoengineering Governance : Currently the U.S. Government , our military , NASA ( other U.S. agencies ) , any city , county , state , private individuals , corporations , foreign governments , and foreign corporations , can initiate any type of geoengineering or weather modification experiments without public knowledge , consent , government restrictions or public debate .
( Water Vapor produced by Aviation is contributing to warming of area like Alaska & the Arctic according to recent university studies .
NASA notes that jet contrails turning into man-made clouds exacerbates global warming since water vapor is a greenhouse gas . )
http://www.agriculturedefensecoalition.org/content/geoengineering-current-actions
http://www.agriculturedefensecoalition.org/content/alaska-arctic-issues
http://www.agriculturedefensecoalition.org/?q=geoengineering
This is a massive geoengineering project .
The photograph below is just one recent example of man-made geoengineering projects ongoing across the United States and around the world .
25P 2011 Photograph of Man-Made Skies Las Vegas Nevada April 11 , 2011 7 30 A.M. by MD.pdf
The Alex Jones Film Crew Visited Ukiah , CA for 3 Days During the Summer of 2009 .
What follows in this presentation is Part I of the various interviews conducted during that time with Rosalind Peterson .
Rosalind Peterson interviewed by Alex Jones in 2009 .
Click on photo to start video .
With government officials , the media , and our elected officials , armed with the misinformation that persistent contrails were “ normal and benign ” in the environment , and that “ chemtrails ” were all part of a “ hoax ” , all efforts by our elected officials to find out why these unusual sightings were occurring were stopped dead in their tracks since the early 1990s .
The media ( whether television or newspapers ) , ignored thousands of complaints , allowing our once deep blue skies to be turned into massive jet - produced contrail configurations , white haze , reflective white particles , various types of man-made clouds , and other unusual cloud formations along with varied weather events .
And the media , following the lead of the U.S. Air Force , and other U.S. government agencies , linked questions about these events to “ believers in conspiracy theories ” .
Click on the following NASA link to see what your elected officials and the press are told about “ chemtrails ” and why your voice is marginalized when you use this term :
http://astrobiology.nasa.gov/ask-an-astrobiologist/question/?id=6031
In 2002 , when I first started researching this subject I discovered that the use of the word “ chemtrails ” was not accepted by any elected official or government agency .
The media was not interested in this subject unless it was used to marginalize those that used the word .
This continues to be true today .
When I discovered that this had been happening for years I stopped using the term in 2002 , unless asked directly why I would n’t use this term .
With special thanks to Alex Jones for initiating this project – this video link is provided for your information .
How Aircraft Contrails Form Man-Made Clouds ( BBC News ) ( 7.2MB ) This series of Satellite Photographs of Military Jet - Produced Contrails that turn into man-made clouds shows how they alter the climate within a short period of time in 2010 .
No one , no government agency or private corporation , has the right to pollute our air or drinking water supplies , modify our weather , or impact the living environment around us – including the upper atmosphere ..
Read more
Toxic Sky ?
KNBC4 News in Los Angeles investigates the ‘ jet contrail ’ phenomenon and the Weather Modification Bill .
Part 1 aired May 23 , 2006 .
Rosalind Peterson is interviewed by Paul Moyer as he reports :
Is the government manipulating the weather ?
Part 2 of the series aired November 2006 .
Part 1 | Part 2
NBC4TV : May 23 , 2006 , Toxic Skies .
Click on photo to start video .
NBC4TV : Toxic Skies part 2 . Click on photo to start video .
Feb 25 , 2012 – Global Geoengineering Governance : Currently the U.S. Government , our military , NASA , NOAA ( other U.S. agencies ) , any city , county , state , private individuals , corporations , foreign governments , and foreign corporations , can initiate any type of geoengineering experiments or weather modification experiments without public knowledge , consent , government restrictions or public debate .
Interview With Darrin McBreen
For More Information on Geoengineering , Alaska & Arctic Issues , and Weather Modification Visit : http://www.agriculturedefensecoalition.org/content/categories
( Natural News ) Contamination of drinking water by a common herbicide poses a greater health threat than previously believed , according to a report issued by the nonprofit environmental organization Natural Resources Defense Council ( NRDC ) .
The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) monitors average yearly levels of the popular herbicide atrazine in drinking water supplies , based on four tests per year .
But the NRDC notes that levels of the toxin in drinking water regularly spike after heavy rains or during the spring when it is being widely applied , and that the four yearly testings may miss these events .
The organization 's researchers found several such spikes in its own testing of water supplies in towns in agricultural regions of the South and Midwest .
" Our biggest concern is early - life - stage development , " said Jennifer Sass of the NRDC .
" If there 's a disruption during that time , it becomes hard - wired into the system .
These endocrine disrupters act in the body at extremely low levels .
These spikes matter .
" Because atrazine is compatible with no - till farming , it is popular among farmers seeking to acquire a " green " label by reducing their carbon footprint .
It is known to disrupt the hormonal system , and may cause cancers and menstrual problems in adults .
It is considered especially dangerous to the developing reproductive systems of fetuses and children .
The chemical has been shown to kill aquatic microorganisms and suppress the immune systems of larger animals , and it can cause limb or reproductive deformities in amphibians at levels as low as 0.1 parts per billion .
The EPA has set a threshold of 3 billion parts per billion for permissible atrazine levels , which the NRDC says would be too high even without periodic spikes .
The NRDC analysis of 139 different municipal water systems found that 54 of them had a one - time spike higher than 3 parts per billion at some point in 2003 or 2004 .
Home or municipal carbon filters can remove atrazine from water , but many municipal treatment plants do not use such procedures .
Sources for this story include : www.washingtonpost.com
Oklahoma just passed the country 's strictest law on pre-abortion ultrasounds , along with another law that basically allows doctors to lie to pregnant women .
Advertisement
According to James McKiley Jr. of the Times , the Oklahoma legislature voted today to overturn vetoes of both laws .
The first , a similar form of which was struck down by Oklahoma courts last year , requires " a doctor or technician to set up the monitor where the woman can see it and describe the heart , limbs and organs of the fetus .
No exceptions are made for rape and incest victims . "
This is already invasive — Dionne Scott of the Center for Reproductive Rights calls it " the most extreme ultrasound requirement in the country . "
Advertisement
The second law , however , is even more disturbing .
Basically , it protects doctors from being sued if they decide not to tell patients that their fetus has birth defects .
Writes McKinley , " The intent of the bill is to prevent parents from later suing doctors who withhold information to try to influence them against having an abortion . "
Just take a minute to digest that .
In Oklahoma , it 's now legal to keep health information from patients in order to make their reproductive decisions for them .
Of course , the doctors who perform prenatal tests wo n't be raising the children born to the prospective parents they treat .
And yet those doctors can have a say — through subterfuge — in whether those parents choose to give birth or not .
Now that this has passed , it 's tempting to wonder what information Oklahoma doctors will get to lie about next .
Perhaps they could tell teen girls that condoms spread AIDS .
Or maybe just convince women that they 're not actually pregnant until it 's too late for an abortion .
The possibilities are endless !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Barring another court challenge , this law appears set to take effect .
Two bills , however , are still in the Oklahoma legislature .
One limits insurance coverage for abortion , and the other , which we wrote about last year , would establish an online database where women would have to disclose information about their abortions .
Oklahomans , now 's the time to call your representatives .
Advertisement
Oklahoma Backs Abortion Restrictions [ NYT ]
Earlier : Judge Strikes Down Oklahoma Abortion Ultrasound Law
New Oklahoma Law Will Put Details Of All Abortions Online
Diablo III is the definitive action role - playing game , and a true continuation of the Diablo series .
Players will create a male or female hero from one of five distinct classes - barbarian , witch doctor , wizard , monk , or demon hunter - each equipped with an array of spells and abilities .
As these heroes adventure through rich and varied settings , unraveling an epic storyline and engaging in combat with hordes of monsters and challenging bosses , they ’ll grow in experience and ability and acquire items of incredible power .
The game takes place on Sanctuary , a world of dark fantasy .
Unbeknownst to most of its inhabitants , Sanctuary was saved some twenty years ago from the demonic forces of the underworld by a few brave and powerful heroes .
Most of those warriors who directly faced the armies of the Burning Hells - and were fortunate enough to survive - went mad from their experiences .
And most of the others have buried their haunted memories and pushed the horrors from their thoughts .
In Diablo III , players will return to Sanctuary to confront evil in its many forms once again .
Diablo III will be a fitting sequel to Diablo II , with the easy interface , fast - paced action , and visceral gameplay that Diablo players have come to expect and enjoy .
It will also include many new features that will take the Diablo action - RPG experience to the next level .
KEY FEATURES :
Five powerful character classes to choose from , including the barbarian , witch doctor , wizard , monk , and demon hunter .
Brand - new 3D graphics and physics engines enhanced with spectacular visual effects .
Numerous indoor and outdoor areas detailing new regions in the world of Sanctuary .
Completely unedited and uncut gameplay .
gameplay .
Interactive environments with dangerous traps and obstacles , and destructible elements .
Randomly generated worlds bolstered by scripted events for endless and dynamic gameplay .
Vast assortment of fiendish monsters , with unique attack patterns and behaviours .
New quest system and character - customization options for the ultimate action RPG experience .
New runestone items that let players change how their abilities look and function , allowing for nearly limitless skill customisation .
Multiplayer functionality over Battle.net with support for cooperative and competitive play .
Four different difficulty settings - Normal , Nightmare , Hell , and Inferno - that progressively increase the challenge and reward players with more powerful armor , weapons , and runestones .
Hardcore mode for players who seek the thrill of constant peril that comes with the possibility of permanent death for their character .
PLEASE NOTE : Diablo III requires an always - on Internet connection for both single and multiplayer games .
LOS ANGELES - Independent developer and publisher , IllFonic , announced today its plans to launch the futuristic arena first - person shooter Nexuiz across downloadable console platforms in 2010 .
Originally developed by Alientrap Software as a free open source shooter in 2005 for the PC , Nexuiz has been downloaded by over 4 million unique users .
IllFonic 's remake of Nexuiz for console gamers features a new Victorian influenced art style that is simultaneously futuristic and sophisticated .
" Since its launch in 2005 , Nexuiz has become a cult hit with hardcore arena FPS players from around the globe " , said Chuck Brungardt , President of IllFonic .
" With its unique setting , new features , and slick ranking system we are looking forward to bringing Nexuiz to a new community of console gamers . "
" IllFonic is not only introducing Nexuiz to an entirely new set of gamers , but also completely updating the graphics for the next generation while staying true to the gameplay refined over the years through open source development " , said Lee Vermeulen owner of Alientrap Software and creator of Nexuiz .
For centuries the Kavussari and Forsellians have waged a galactic war .
Over time the two races entered into treaties with the Herald Accord , a union between different cultures in the galaxy .
Even though peace settled across their planets , the seething hatred between the races kept the fire of war simmering under the fragile truce .
Sensing their newest members could spread war throughout the galaxy ; the Herald Accord gave the Kavussari and Forsellians a choice .
Pit their warriors against each other in the arena rather than on the fields of war , or face total annihilation .
The Nexuiz was formed , a series of battle arenas on the home planets of the Kavussari , Forsellian and the ruined planet of Atavirta .
Nexuiz is a fast paced Arena first - person shooter with extremely competitive game play made specifically for consoles .
The game will feature a mutator system that allows players to change the rules of the match ; as players rank , new mutators become available for them to use .
Leader boards are designed for social networking , letting players feel more engaged with the community .
Nexuiz features a heavyweight soundtrack from artists including Flying Lotus , Dam Funk and Trisector .
On launch Nexuiz will feature multiplayer modes including Team Deathmatch and Capture the Flag .
New games modes , models , and maps will be available as downloadable content post release .
IllFonic will be showcasing Nexuiz at this year 's Game Developer Conference in San Francisco .
For more information on Nexuiz , go to www.nexuiz.com or www.illfonic.com.IllFonic, LLC , was founded in 2007 by musician Raphael Saadiq , engineer Chuck Brungardt , and game designer Kedhrin Gonzalez .
IllFonic is committed to delivering AAA games digitally to consoles and PC at an affordable price .
IllFonic utilizes many avenues in pop culture to cross brand its products in film , television , sports , music , and clothing .
With offices in Los Angeles and Denver , IllFonic has built a team of artists , developers , producers , and musicians that believe providing fun game - play means conveying the highest level of visual awe , an immersive environment and a sick soundtrack .
For more information on the company , go to www.illfonic.com.Alientrap Software was founded in 2002 by Lee Vermeulen and is an online community of international game developers .
They are currently working on their second title , Capsized , for release to console and PC platforms through digital distribution .
I grew my own breast implants ... from the fat on my tummy
Emma
Poole used surplus tissue from her body to go from a 32 B to a C cup
It is the cosmetic procedure that sounds like many women 's dream : increase the size of your breasts by up to a cup size , while taking inches off your tummy and thighs .
The operation , carried out under local anaesthetic , involves the patient having fat removed during liposuction , mixed with other body cells , and then reinjected into the breasts .
Unsurprisingly advocates believe this development is set to revolutionise the plastic surgery industry .
Harley Street surgeons , twins Dr Roberto and Dr Maurizio Viel , who are the first to offer the procedure in the UK , have now successfully carried out the breast enhancement on ten women - and ten more are due to go under the needle this month .
Yet , already other doctors have voiced concerns about the long - term safety of the operation , claiming that it may increase the risk of breast cancer and that the implanted tissue could harden , causing deformity and possibly masking tumours .
The first British patient to undergo the operation , known as platelet injection fat transfer ( PIFT ) , in December last year was 25 - year - old Emma Harding - and she is thrilled with the results , having gone from a 32B to a C - cup .
' I always wanted larger breasts , so when I was made redundant from my job in marketing last year and found another job straight away , I decided to spend the money on surgery , ' she says .
' Having silicone implants was not for me - I may have wanted a bigger chest but I did n't want to look like Jordan .
And I did n't like the idea of something alien in my breasts . '
Emma considered injections of synthetic filler Macrolane - a procedure known as ' the boob jab ' , which can boost the breasts by a cup size .
' But I decided against this as I had heard too many reports of this filler turning lumpy , ' she says .
' I began speaking to surgeons about other options , which is how I was offered the chance of having a PILF breast enhancement by the Viel brothers .
' I was concerned that it was a new treatment and there was an amount of uncertainty in the outcome and longterm effects .
But Dr Viel reassured me I had nothing to worry about and that the procedure had been carried out in America .
' I asked whether there was a chance my breasts could end up lumpy and he told me the process eliminated that possibility .
So I booked myself in .'
Boost : Emma Harding 's B-cup breasts are now a ' natural looking '
C-cup
Surgical fat transfer is nothing new .
Like many cosmetic operations , it was developed in the late 19th Century as a reconstructive procedure - and is considered the gold standard in post - mastectomy breast reconstruction .
In theory , fat should be the perfect filler because as it is taken from the patient 's own body , there is no chance of an allergic reaction .
And , as the fat is injected , no incision is needed .
Yet it is only relatively recently that surgeons have deemed it safe to offer it for breast enhancement , due to worries that the volume of fat needed may result in hard lumps forming , causing permanent deformity .
The procedure was also unpopular with many doctors as the body can quickly reabsorb the fat , at best negating the results , and at worst leaving the body uneven .
About six months ago , and because of the reabsorption dilemma , the Viel brothers - who have been carrying out forms of fat transfer surgery for 18 years - decided to offer the recently developed PIFT , which had been proving successful in America .
During the two - hour procedure , liposuction is used to remove fat from the patient 's stomach or thigh area .
' Traditional liposuction involves the surgeon manually breaking up the fat with a cannula - a tube that removes fluid - often rupturing blood vessels within the fat , causing bruising , bleeding and possibly nerve damage , ' says Dr Roberto Viel .
' So we use Vaser Lipo , a machine that uses ultrasound waves to liquidise the fat , allowing us to remove fat cells while causing minimal damage . '
Around two - and - a - half pints of fat are needed to boost the breasts by one cup size .
Although it is considered safe to remove up to nine pints of fat in one liposuction session , the structure of a single breast would be unable to support much more than one - and - aquarter pints of liquid .
After the fat harvest , 50ml of the patient 's blood is placed in a centrifuge to separate cells known as platelets which contain stem cells , which are mixed with harvested fat and injected into the breasts .
Dr Roberto Viel says : ' We believe the platelets slow the reabsorption process .
Traditional fat transfers last approximately six months in total and require top - ups once a month .
The PIFT enhancement should last for up to two years .
' Fat can be refrigerated safely for up to two years before it starts to decompose , so we take a little more than is needed .
We expect patients to have a first top - up at eight weeks and then one every six months , or until the supply runs out .
After that , we would need to repeat the whole procedure .
' There are always risks with surgery , even though we do not use general anaesthetic - but the risks of an allergic reaction are minimal .
The procedure would not cause any complications for breast feeding because it is entirely natural .
And it is unlikely to cause calcification - nodules of hardened fat -- as , in our experience , it is rare for this to happen with fat transfers . '
Emma went for a consultation with Roberto Viel in November and when he asked her which part of her body she would like the fat taken from , she said the stomach .
' He had to take some fat from my outer thighs as well in order to get enough to boost my cup size sufficiently as there was n't enough in the stomach area , ' says Emma .
The following month , she went to the operating theatre in the Viel brothers ' clinic , the London Centre of Aesthetic Surgery .
The areas where the fat would be removed were circled with a felt - tip pen , as were the areas on the breasts into which the fat would be injected .
Then Emma was given a sedative injection .
' The operation took two hours and when I came round I felt woozy , ' she says .
' I remember being shown a jar with the fat in it but could n't really take it in . '
Emma was given a compression garment for her stomach and thighs and a sports bra to keep swelling to a minimum in the areas which had been operated on .
She left hospital the same day and was told not to shower for a week .
' I felt really sore the following day , ' she says .
' But it was the swelling that alarmed me most as my breasts seemed to have become pneumatic .
Dr Viel had warned me that this would happen but it would settle down after a few days , so I tried not to panic .
' After a week , I had the stitches removed around the puncture marks where the cannula had pierced the skin .
The swelling seemed to have settled and my breasts were not so sore - in fact , the puncture sites were more painful than the breasts . '
Emma admits ' nearly freaking out ' when her breasts appeared to become lumpy over the next couple of weeks .
But then they settled down and now , three months on , are 'very natural - looking indeed , so much better than implants - I 'm delighted ' .
However , Jag Chana - consultant plastic surgeon at the Royal Free Hospital , North London , and Spire Bushey Hospital , North London -- advises caution .
' Women who choose to have this operation are guinea pigs , ' he says .
' There will almost certainly be some reabsorption which could cause asymmetry in the breasts .
More importantly , there is the issue of breast cancer .
' In someone who is genetically susceptible to breast cancer , the introduction of stem cells may accelerate the biological process and could even cause the disease .
It is also possible to get calcification in the breast tissue .
' This could interfere with breast screening as it would be impossible to tell whether this had been caused by the procedure or by cancer itself .
' I feel strongly that this type of procedure is being pushed too far too early .
We are trialling it at the Royal Free Hospital but under strict scientific protocol . '
Consultant plastic surgeon Mr David Ross , at Guy's , St Thomas ' and Kings College hospitals , also believes the Viel brothers are giving patients overly optimistic expectations .
' I have used similar procedures in reconstructive and aesthetic patients , ' he says .
' There is evidence that fat transfers could provide augmentation in the breast but normally only 65 per cent of the grafted tissue survives .
' My concern is the use of Vaser Lipo .
This liquifies the fat which , in my experience , would increase the likelihood that they would be quickly reabsorbed .
Much of what the Viel brothers are promising women is unproven . '
PIFT costs from £ 3,500 for the procedure plus one top - up .
Further top-ups are £ 1,800 .
We 've given them Pop Idol and Strictly Come Dancing , but last night , after a 50 - year wait , we took one of America 's most time - honoured TV formats and , against all predictions , did it better than they ever have .
The first British leaders ' debate aired to a grumble of low expectations .
It would be dull , the conventional wisdom forecast , bound and gagged by the 76 rules demanded in advance by the politicians .
Even David Cameron warned it would be sluggish .
There would be no clashes or direct confrontations , just the dull recitation of party programmes .
That 's how it often operates in the US – long stretches of tedium interrupted by the odd spark of conflict .
But that 's not how it turned out .
Cameron , Nick Clegg and Gordon Brown imported a dash of Westminster combat into the proceedings , addressing each other directly , demanding answers , mocking their opponents .
The result was a debate that surpassed expectations .
But that was not the greatest surprise of the night , an honour that went to the Liberal Democrat leader .
From the start , Clegg asserted himself as the star of the show , anointed as such by a whopping 51 % of those surveyed by an instant Sun / YouGov poll .
The first shot had him looking alarmingly young , boyish and eager , but he soon transcended that .
More than his rivals , he demonstrated an instant understanding of the format .
All his answers were delivered to the camera , since that was where the audience that mattered was to be found .
He addressed questioners by their first name , a habit later picked up , though less naturally , by the others .
He was studiedly colloquial – " You wo n't believe this , Jacqueline " – and cast himself as the rebel .
" Apparently I 'm not allowed to ask you questions , " he said to one member of the audience , " so just nod your head . "
Of course , his position was easier than the others .
As the leader of a smaller party without a sniff of government for 65 years , he carries less baggage .
But he exploited that advantage with verve .
His opening answer referred to " these two " , lumping Brown and Cameron together as the double - headed representative of politics - as - usual .
" The more they attack each other , the more they sound the same . "
But instead of closing ranks and crushing this impudent upstart , Cameron and Brown fell over themselves to win his support .
" I agree with Nick " was the catchphrase of the night , an early public sign of the post- election haggling that may ensue if we end up with a hung parliament .
Brown repeatedly tried to cast himself as Clegg 's ally , desperate for the two of them to pile on Cameron the way Barack Obama and John Edwards once did against Hillary Clinton .
But Clegg was playing hard to get , audibly snorting when Brown claimed he and the Lib Dem saw eye to eye on political reform .
The instant polls put Cameron second , and it's true that he maintained his usual fluency , explaining policy ideas in simple , accessible language .
He was able to connect policy with real life , answering a question on the NHS by citing his personal experience with his late son .
Plus he was easy on the eye and ear .
The trouble was that all those same skills were displayed by Clegg , who had the added benefit , for most , of novelty .
Cameron was out - Cameroned by Clegg .
The Tory leader may also have stored up some trouble for himself .
Last night Labour was pouncing on Cameron 's bracketing of China alongside Iran as states that pose a nuclear threat .
In a US debate , that would be hailed as a major gaffe , showing that the challenger was not ready to be commander - in - chief .
As for Brown , he was on top of the detail , and solid .
But he looked tired and rumpled , often glowering .
Above all , his answers were too packed with indigestible policy detail .
He failed to understood what Clegg intuited perfectly – that TV debates are aimed not at the logical , but at the emotional part of the voter 's brain .
A long line of losing presidential candidates could have taught him that lesson .
Discovery 's pilot is ready to achieve life - long aspiration
BY JUSTIN RAY
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : April 3 , 2010
Growing up in a generation that 's known only the space shuttle , Jim Dutton 's life dream of becoming an astronaut will rocket him to orbit aboard Discovery in one of the final voyages of the iconic spaceplanes .
Credit : NASA
The rookie shuttle pilot and his six crewmates will crawl inside the shuttle early Monday for their predawn blastoff at 6:21 a.m. EDT ( 1021 GMT ) on a two - week supply run to the International Space Station .
" It 's been so many years , really 30 some years now , that this has been a hope and a dream so I know it will be very special , " the Air Force colonel said in a pre-flight interview .
As a little boy growing up in Oregon , Dutton remembers a rocket on an early birthday cake and his fascination with the starry night sky .
" One night in particular I can remember looking up and it was kind of a rarity in Eugene except in the summer to get to see the sky because it 's usually very cloudy .
Looking up and just being amazed at the number of stars up there , seeing the Milky Way , and I do n't know , it just always seemed to be a part of who I was , that I wanted to fly and I wanted to go to space . "
Dutton put himself on the right trajectory to become an astronaut , graduating from the Air Force Academy and then earning a master 's degree in aeronautics and astronautics from the University of Washington in Seattle .
" If you want to be a pilot astronaut you have to go to test pilot school .
So from the time I set out to be a pilot I wanted to try and fly fighters knowing that would be the best path and because that 's something I 'd always wanted to do as well .
Then after one operational tour and one test tour in fighters I applied to go to test pilot school , the Air Force Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base and was selected to go there .
Once you complete that training then you 're really competitive for the first time as a pilot to apply to NASA . "
The crew patch for Discovery 's flight delivering
science and supplies to the space station is
available in the Spaceflight Now Store .
U.S. SHOPPERS | WORLDWIDE
He applied for the 2004 astronaut class and was selected on the first try , which came as a surprise after a roller - coaster ride , Dutton said .
" I came out of the interview not feeling really good about it and so I told my wife I thought maybe I had a ten percent chance , but I was pretty much preparing myself to not get selected and to face what I was going to do next .
" The way the process works is NASA conducts background checks after that first round of interviews on those that they 're considering , and I got word that I had a background check , which was a great surprise to me .
So now all of a sudden I went from thinking I had very little chance to I had a pretty decent chance .
" But there was a long wait after that , several months , before we got the final word and I 'll never forget that day .
I was out flying in an F - 16 , just doing a proficiency sortie and came back in and there was a sticky note on my desk that said to call Kent Rominger , who I knew was the chief of the Astronaut Office .
I did n't know if that meant good news or bad news .
I was naive in that sense .
I found out later that 's usually a good sign , but when I called Kent he talked for a little while and asked me what I was doing that day .
He asked me about my flight and kept asking questions and I thought , ' He must be letting me down easy . '
But , in the end , he said , ' Well , what do you think about coming to work here ? ' and I said , ' That sounds great .
I 'd love to . ' "
Dutton will be flying on Discovery with two others from his astronaut training class -- Dottie Metcalf - Lindenburger , a former teacher , and Naoko Yamazaki from the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency .
Credit : NASA
When the 2004 class of astronauts came to NASA , officials told them they may never get to fly on the space shuttle before it is retired .
But eventually managers picking the crews for the remaining missions were able to get them assigned .
Now , Dutton is poised to fulfill his ambitions of flying the space shuttle before the program concludes later this year .
" The space shuttle was really the vehicle that I grew up watching and , like I said earlier , that I was pretty young when I decided I wanted to be an astronaut , so most of what I knew in my lifetime was the space shuttle .
I think , for my generation most people feel that way , " Dutton said .
" It 's almost hard to believe that the space shuttle could actually retire when that 's the space vehicle we 've known and what NASA has primarily been involved with in our lifetime .
But I think everyone understands that there comes a time and that the shuttle has been a tremendous workhorse for our nation 's space program .
We 've proven that we can get to space routinely .
We 've also proven to ourselves that it 's never routine getting to space with the space shuttle . "
Once the program is history , Dutton says assembly of the International Space Station will be the space shuttle 's lasting legacy .
" I think that the space shuttle was asked to do a tremendous amount in the design of it .
It really was spread very thin in terms of everything it was asked to do and it ended up accomplishing an amazing amount .
But I think the greatest legacy the shuttle 's going to leave is the space station , especially when you look at all the thousands and thousands of pounds of cargo that was taken up into space and assembled by spacewalkers largely due to the space shuttle .
" I think that as we look back we 'll look at how much was done throughout the entire shuttle era , but I really believe that space station is going to be the crowning jewel at the top for the legacy of the shuttle . "
Additional coverage for subscribers :
VIDEO : STS - 131 MISSION PREVIEW MOVIE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PRE - LAUNCH INTERVIEW WITH COMMANDER POINDEXTER PLAY
VIDEO : PRE - LAUNCH INTERVIEW WITH PILOT JIM DUTTON PLAY
VIDEO : PRE - LAUNCH INTERVIEW WITH RICK MASTRACCHIOPLAY
VIDEO : PRE - LAUNCH INTERVIEW WITH METCALF -LINDENBURGER
PLAY
VIDEO : PRE - LAUNCH INTERVIEW WITH STEPHANIE WILSON PLAY
VIDEO : PRE - LAUNCH INTERVIEW
WITH NAOKO YAMAZAKI PLAY
VIDEO : PRE - LAUNCH INTERVIEW WITH CLAY ANDERSON PLAY
VIDEO : PRE - LAUNCH NEWS CONFERENCE PLAY
VIDEO : COUNTDOWN STATUS AND WEATHER OUTLOOK PLAY
VIDEO : PREVIEW OF DISCOVERY'S LAUNCH COUNTDOWN PLAY
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS ARRIVE FOR LAUNCH PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FULL FLIGHT READINESS REVIEW NEWS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : RECAP OF THE FLIGHT READINESS REVIEW PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : HELIUM VALVE NO CONSTRAINT TO LAUNCH PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : MANAGERS ASSESS ISSUES BEFORE FLIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : UPDATE ON PRE - LAUNCH PREPS AT PAD 39A PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : SPACEWALKING SUITS LOADED ABOARD PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH STS - 131 PAYLOAD MANAGER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : INTERVIEW WITH BOEING PAYLOAD MANAGER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : PAYLOADS DELIVERED TO LAUNCH PAD 39A PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TRANSPORT CANISTER ROTATED VERTICALLY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LEONARDO PLACED INTO THE TRANSPORTER PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : STATION'S NEW AMMONIA COOLANT TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : LEONARDO HATCH CLOSED FOR FLIGHT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FILLING UP ONE OF THE SUPPLY RACKS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CAN THE SHUTTLE PROGRAM AVOID LOOMING RETIREMENT ?
PLAY
VIDEO : WHAT ABOUT ADDING ONE MORE SHUTTLE MISSION ?
PLAY
VIDEO : FULL BRIEFING BY SHUTTLE AND STATION OFFICIALS PLAY
VIDEO : THE STS - 131 MISSION OVERVIEW PRESENTATIONS PLAY
VIDEO : PREVIEW BRIEFING ON MISSION'S SPACEWALKS PLAY
VIDEO : THE ASTRONAUTS ' PRE - FLIGHT NEWS BRIEFING PLAY
VIDEO : SHUTTLE EVACUATION PRACTICE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW MODULE HATCH IS CLOSED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS BOARD DISCOVERY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW BRIEFED ON EMERGENCY PROCEDURES PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : TEST - DRIVING AN EMERGENCY ARMORED TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : NIGHTTIME APPROACHES IN TRAINING AIRCRAFT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS CHAT WITH REPORTERS AT PAD 39A PLAY
VIDEO : CREW ARRIVES FOR PRACTICE COUNTDOWN PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : GANTRY PLACED AROUND DISCOVERY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DISCOVERY REACHES PAD 39A PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : OVERNIGHT ROLLOUT BEGINS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : SHUTTLE HOISTED FOR ATTACHMENT TO TANK PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CRANE ROTATES THE ORBITER VERTICALLY PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DISCOVERY MOVES TO ASSEMBLY BUILDING PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : ASTRONAUTS VISIT THEIR SPACECRAFT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : CREW GOES INSIDE LEONARDO MODULE PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EXTERNAL TANK ATTACHED TO BOOSTERS PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : FUEL TANK LIFTED INTO CHECKOUT CELL PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : EXTERNAL TANK ARRIVES AT SPACEPORT PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : DISCOVERY'S NOSE POD ATTACHED PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : INSTALLING DISCOVERY'S MAIN ENGINES PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : KSC'S SHUTTLE MAIN ENGINE SHOP PLAY | HI -DEF
VIDEO : GASEOUS NITROGEN TANK REMOVED PLAY | HI -DEF
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Circuit designer Hermann
Tilke ’s company enjoys a near monopoly on Formula 1 track design .
But he has also been criticised for producing unexciting racing venues .
Silverstone managing director Richard Phillips said they chose rival company Populous to produce their new Arena circuit because they did n’t want to risk someone ‘; wrecking ’ the track .
Speaking exclusively to F1 Fanatic Phillips said :
We ’ve had good , solid input from riders and drivers – people who are not going to wreck what is already a fantastic circuit .
If we had gone a more traditional route we may not have got the best result .
We thought that if we were going to change the track we should take care of the circuit first , fit in the run - off areas , and then sort out the buildings afterwards .
Richard Phillips
Silverstone enlisted design company Populous , who also created the Dubai Autodrome in the United Arab Emirate .
The most dramatic part of the new track is the high speed Abbey and Farm corners , which F1 cars are expected to take at around 185 m ph .
This was originally designed as a slower corner , but according to Phillips they revised the design after getting feedback from F1 drivers :
Abbey went through a lot of design changes .
At first it was quite a right - angle on the way in , but the F1 and Moto GP drivers challenged that so we opened it up , and then we opened it up some more .
Now everyone is saying it ’s a great corner .
Richard Phillips
He also explained the other changes to the track :
The Grand Prix track – which is now called the Bridge Circuit – is still a fantastic track .
But Moto GP are unable to run on the Bridge Circuit because of the bridge and also because the chicane they had to use was not very popular .
We took the opportunity to create something the BRDC and the country can be proud of and we went through 15 different designs to do it .
At Becketts we have F1 and Moto GP versions of the track .
F1 cars will go the same way as before , the Moto GP version is more open .
But it also means we can separate the routes here so we can have three different circuits in operation at once .
Club is now boxier than it used to be .
The old piece of tarmac here is now the run-off , and the new piece of track will be used by both Moto GP and F1 .
It is possible to reinstate the old track if we choose .
We changed it to reduce the speed of the exit , but the early feedback from people who ’ve been through it in cars is it ’s made the corner more challenging .
Richard Phillips
Phillips said he ’s happy with the early reaction to the circuit :
The feedback on the circuit so far has been extremely good .
We ’ve done a limited amount of testing up until now , but now we ’ve had F1 cars and Moto GP - type bikes running on it for the first rime and the early signs are encouraging .
Richard Phillips
When the pits are the track will have a unique feature among F1 facilities : the Formula 1 race will have its pits and start / finish line on a different part of the track to the support races .
GP2 and the like will continue to use the existing garages and start line between Woodcote and Copse , while the F1 race will start on the straight after Club and the first corner will be the revised Abbey bend .
This will happen by 2012 and could happen as early as next year :
The pits are contracted to be complete for 2012 .
At the moment we ’re on schedule to finish them in April or May next year , so we may have them for F1 in 2011 .
F1 will use the new pits but support races will continue to be based at the old pits and will use the old start line .
So spectators coming to the race will have the choice of two sets of pits to sit opposite .
Richard Phillips
Silverstone Arena circuit
San Jose , CA - Adobe has updated their service agreement for their just released Creative Suite 5 , so that the software cannot legally be used on a computer with a multi - touch mouse , a computer with a battery which can't be removed , or any computer that comes pre-installed with iLife software , as these items could result in substandard creations .
The Adobe changes come just days after Apple changed their iPhone developer license to exclude a feature of Flash CS5 that could be used to create iPhone and iPad applications , though Adobe is not specifically mentioned in the announcement by Apple .
Adobe said that their changes were not targeted at any specific platform , but just made to protect the " sanctity of CS5 . "
Adobe product manager Vance Smith said , " We can't just have anyone using CS5 to make Flash animations or Photoshop images , there have to be standards we uphold .
We 're clearly not targeting any specific platform , because no company name is mentioned in our new licensing agreement . "
Developers who use Adobe products on Macs see the change differently .
" It 's laughable for Adobe to say this does n't target Apple products .
They might as well have said that it can't be used on products made by a company whose CEO is known to wear jeans and a black turtleneck , " said Steve Landon of ASCII House Design .
Smith from Adobe said , " We tried that language , but our lawyers rejected that one .
I mean , ahem , why would we say something like that ? "
The battle between the two companies could alienate users of Apple and Adobe products alike , leaving an opening for a competitor to swoop in and gain market share .
It 's rumored many of the larger design houses are considering moving to GIMP on Linux machines or the equally powerful MS Paint on Windows - based computers .
Stocks of both Apple and Adobe were down on the news .
Related News New Law Protects Free Speech Google Pulls Apple from Search Results Apple Auto - Update Installs Even More Icons to your Desktop
Ars Technica has published our response to Steve Jobs 's " Thoughts on Flash " :
Watching two proprietary software companies deeply opposed to computer user freedom lob accusations back and forth about who is more opposed to freedom has been surreal , to say the least .
But what 's been crystal clear is that the freedom these companies are arguing about is their own , not that of their users .
And what they are calling freedom is n't freedom at all -- it is the ability to control those users .
Adobe is mad at Apple for not letting Adobe control iPhone , iPad , and iPod Touch users via Flash , and Apple is mad at Adobe for suggesting that Apple is arbitrarily abusing its control over Application Store users .
Steve Jobs 's " Thoughts on Flash " is the latest volley in this bout between pot and kettle , and while it makes many dead - on criticisms of Adobe and Flash , it does not change the fundamental character of this disagreement , nor does it solve any concerns about Apple 's broader intentions .
Apple 's use of proprietary software and recommendation of an explicitly patent - afflicted standard ( H.264 ) are inconsistent with the free web .
In a response to an open letter from Hugo Roy of the Free Software Foundation Europe , Jobs claimed that free codecs like Ogg Theora could also infringe patents , but that does not justify making the internet standard for video a technology that is known to be patented by a group who is actively collecting royalties and suing people for infringement .
We have legal assurances from the only publicly claimed patent holders that Ogg Theora can be used both commercially and noncommercially , in any software , by anyone , without royalty .
Of course , other patents may arise , and we will have to fight them if they do .
H.264 could also find itself dealing with some hitherto unknown patent claims in the future ; that 's just the nature of the system .
Buying a license to H.264 does not magically protect you from such submarine attacks .
The software patent system is broken and we will continue campaigning for its abolition .
You can help with this campaign by watching and sharing the new film , Patent Absurdity : How software patents broke the system .
In the meantime , " Everything could be patented anyway " is not an argument for " Give up even trying and just submit to MPEG - LA . "
It 's an argument for Ogg Theora , and against software patents .
The American International Group will pay about $ 46 million in retention bonuses on Monday , or about 30 percent less than previously scheduled , a person with direct knowledge of the arrangements said .
Officials at A.I.G. are hoping that by holding back $ 21 million in bonuses they will put to rest a controversy that has plagued the insurer ever since its government rescue in the fall of 2008 .
A.I.G. also hopes the cuts will satisfy the Treasury ’s special master for compensation , Kenneth R. Feinberg , who has said that the insurer ’s current and former employees should keep a pledge to return $ 45 million of a previous round of bonuses .
The bonuses in question were contractually granted early in 2008 , months before the bailout , and were scheduled to be paid over two years .
The original goal of the bonus program was to retain employees .
But after the taxpayers came to A.I.G. ’s rescue , the scheduled bonus payments seemed politically unthinkable as they covered people at the financial products unit , which dealt in the derivatives at the heart of A.I.G. ’s near - collapse .
A custom HUD designed for Full Tilt ’s Rush Poker ?
I think it makes sense to have one , and I ’ve put together this article to walk you through what ’s in my HUD when I play Rush NL 6 - max .
Files for loading the HUD into Hold ’em Manager ( along with the files for the custom pop-ups ) are linked at the end of the article .
Tip :
Get software like HEM free with PTP Rake Rewards .
Jump to the download links .
To be honest , you could probably use your standard NLHE HUD and get along just fine in Rush Poker , but there are enough small differences between Rush and standard NL that it ’s probably worth tweaking your HUD just a bit .
This article focuses on a HUD for 6 - max NL , but the core concepts extend to full ring as well .
Why Have a Custom HUD for Rush Poker ?
I think there ’s one main reason :
Unlike standard NLHE , you do n’t really develop a history with your opponents , and most of the history you do develop is focused on preflop and flop confrontations .
Because Rush tends to play shallower and a bit nittier in general , turn and river play tends to be a good deal more straightforward , and people are a bit more likely to be making plays preflop and on the flop than on later streets ( which is true for standard poker as well , just even more so for Rush ) .
How Should a Rush Poker HUD Differ ?
The answer ’s pretty loudly suggested by the two reasons above .
Namely , a Rush Poker HUD should focus more on preflop and flop play , and worry less ( in fact , very little indeed ) about turn and river play .
There ’s only so much space on your screen for stats , and something ’s got to give .
I argue that you just do n’t get into too many sticky spots on the turn and river in Rush Poker and that , even if you did , it would be really difficult to acquire a large enough sample size to feel confident about making a decision based on those stats .
The HUD in this article is also designed with the belief that Rush requires a more streamlined HUD than a standard NL game .
With new opponents appearing every hand ( and with the HUD sometimes taking a second or two to update ) , you just do n’t have the time to re-scan a ton of stats each time a new name appears .
The same concept applies to pop-ups – in a standard game , your HUD use is more efficient because you can familiarize yourself with the details of your opponent ’s history during game down - time or over the course of multiple confrontations .
In Rush , you need the big picture , and you need it right away .
There are also custom pop-ups for this HUD ; they ’re noted in the description and the files are provided at the end of the article .
A pop-up is a window that appears with additional information when you hover over a specific stat on your HUD .
Specifications for a Rush Poker HUD
Here ’s what the HUD looks like in action :
A note about color - coding :
The colors run red , yellow and green depending on how likely aggression ( on your part ) is likely to win you the pot .
Green ’s best , red ’s worse and yellow’s … not bad .
You should adjust the color ranges based on your experiences , and regard the defaults provided as starting points only .
As always , this HUD is a work in progress ( as all HUDS should be ) .
Feel free to leave comments and criticisms in the comments .
The First Line :
Name : Easy enough .
Easy enough .
Number of hands :
Hard to tell if a stat ’s valid without a sample size .
Some stats converge pretty quickly ( 50 hands is a reasonable starting point for basic VPIP and PFR stats ) ; others can take much longer .
I color code so that the number shows purple if the sample , just as a quick reference to know if looking at the rest of the HUD is even useful .
Hard to tell if a stat ’s valid without a sample size .
Some stats converge pretty quickly ( 50 hands is a reasonable starting point for basic VPIP and PFR stats ) ; others can take much longer .
I color code so that the number shows purple if the sample , just as a quick reference to know if looking at the rest of the HUD is even useful .
VPIP ( Voluntarily put money in the pot ) :
Still a great measure of a player ’s overall looseness and , when compared to the PFR stat , passivity .
Pretty standard first line .
This line uses the standard HEM pop-ups for these stats .
The Second Line :
Preflop Raise :
The first critical stat for determining whether you should call , fold or raise when faced with a preflop raise .
The numbers in the parenthetical are PFR from under the gun and PFR from the button , respectively .
That way you get a quick , efficient snapshot of whether a player is aggressive from all seats or weights their aggression more heavily toward the later seats ( the latter also providing a clue that the player is likely to at least be a competent player who is aware of position ) .
It ’s good to know that a player raising under the gun raises 25 % of the time preflop ; it ’s better to know that they only raise UTG about 7 % and have skewed their average by making the majority of their raises in the later seats .
The first critical stat for determining whether you should call , fold or raise when faced with a preflop raise .
The numbers in the parenthetical are PFR from under the gun and PFR from the button , respectively .
That way you get a quick , efficient snapshot of whether a player is aggressive from all seats or weights their aggression more heavily toward the later seats ( the latter also providing a clue that the player is likely to at least be a competent player who is aware of position ) .
It ’s good to know that a player raising under the gun raises 25 % of the time preflop ; it ’s better to know that they only raise UTG about 7 % and have skewed their average by making the majority of their raises in the later seats .
Fold to Three Bet : Some people are more likely to abandon a pre-flop raise in Rush than in standard poker .
Unfortunately , not all are .
This stat gives you awesome insight into whether you should consider playing aggressively preflop versus a habitual preflop raiser or perhaps be more selective in your attempts .
For example , let ’s say you ’ve got an opponent who ’s raising UTG about 20 % of the time .
You ’re in the BB and they raise again .
You want to three - bet , and can make a case for doing so profitably , but your life will be much easier if you attempt the bet against an opponent with a F3 of 70 or so , as opposed to opponents who are defending their raises more than half the time ( those opponents you can abuse when you ’re in position and can maneuver better post - flop ) .
.
Boost your read by using the four - bet stat on the next line in conjunction with this stat .
This line uses the standard pre-flop pop-ups that come with HEM .
The Third Line
Three Bet :
The amount of times they three bet .
Again , the parenthetical breaks things down quickly by position .
Why three numbers ?
It ’s probably a matter of preference , but I believe that people allow themselves to be far more habitual about where they three bet from than they are with some other common actions .
I also think the three bet stat out of context is a pretty dangerous thing when you ’re considering playing back light ( as you ’re going to have to do from time to time if you ’re active in late position , or , in some games , even if you ’re are n’t ) .
Most people , for example , feel a lot more comfortable three betting from the big blind than the small blind because they get to close the action ; some people hate three - betting out of position , and so on .
.
Having this stat handy can let you know not only whether you should be opening light preflop .
A sea of green to your left means fire away ; lots of red means tighten up .
This stat also works well in conjunction with the steal stats on the next link .
The amount of times they three bet .
Again , the parenthetical breaks things down quickly by position .
Why three numbers ?
It ’s probably a matter of preference , but I believe that people allow themselves to be far more habitual about where they three bet from than they are with some other common actions .
I also think the three bet stat out of context is a pretty dangerous thing when you ’re considering playing back light ( as you ’re going to have to do from time to time if you ’re active in late position , or , in some games , even if you ’re are n’t ) .
Most people , for example , feel a lot more comfortable three betting from the big blind than the small blind because they get to close the action ; some people hate three - betting out of position , and so on . .
Four Bet :
This one ’s not color coded only because it can be tough to get a good sample size , but even at a small sample size it can aid the predictive power of the Fold to Three Bet stat ( it ’s a good tiebreaker for players who you ’re on the fence about re-raising light ) .
At a larger sample size , it obviously gives you great insight into who you should play for stacks preflop with hands like nines and AQ and who you should focus on playing smaller pots preflop with .
This line uses a custom pop-up that details only three bet - related stats called RUSHThreeBet .
The Fourth Line
Fold to Steal : FTS is when players fold to an opening raise coming from the CO , Button or SB .
This stat is a little redundant in the face of the Three Bet and VPIP stats above , but since 6 - max in general ( and Rush 6 - max specifically ) has you challenging the blinds from these seats , it ’s a nice number to have in order to get a fuller perspective on the merits of a late position steal attempt .
It ’s also a nice number to have when you want to quickly ID folks who are apt to select the ‘ Quick Fold ’ button , as they often have very high FTS numbers .
FTS is when players fold to an opening raise coming from the CO , Button or SB .
This stat is a little redundant in the face of the Three Bet and VPIP stats above , but since 6 - max in general ( and Rush 6 - max specifically ) has you challenging the blinds from these seats , it ’s a nice number to have in order to get a fuller perspective on the merits of a late position steal attempt .
It ’s also a nice number to have when you want to quickly ID folks who are apt to select the ‘ Quick Fold ’ button , as they often have very high FTS numbers .
Steal :
How often your opponent attempts to steal .
The numbers in the parenthetical are they amount they attempt to steal from the button and the SB , respectively .
Again , these stats may seem redundant in the face of the PFR stats , but they provide a much clearer picture of whether or not playing back light is going to be a winning proposition or a steady leak .
They also allow you to quickly ID people who are looking to take advantage of other player ’s propensities to use the ‘ Quick Fold ’ button in the blinds .
How often your opponent attempts to steal .
The numbers in the parenthetical are they amount they attempt to steal from the button and the SB , respectively .
Again , these stats may seem redundant in the face of the PFR stats , but they provide a much clearer picture of whether or not playing back light is going to be a winning proposition or a steady leak .
They also allow you to quickly ID people who are looking to take advantage of other player ’s propensities to use the ‘ Quick Fold ’ button in the blinds .
Squeeze : A squeeze just always looks bluffy .
This stat is to help you resist the temptation to play back at a squeezer based on nothing more than the fact that they ’re squeezing .
Rush opponents tend to meld into a single opponent after a bit , and it can seem like everyone ’s squeezing every time you flat .
The reality is that they are n’t ( check your overall opponent stats ) , but it ’s frustrating when you ca n’t tell who ’s who .
.
This stat also allows you to gauge when calling with a hand you feel comfortable shoving with preflop against a loose opponent is a better strategy than re-raising .
Let ’s say you have tens on the CO and UTG+1 raises 3 x .
You have two players behind you with high squeeze numbers .
If you flat and they squeeze , there will be 6BBs plus their raise , which will probably be 13 - 16BBs .
You can safely play for stacks ( assuming the original raiser folds ) against the squeezer , because the amount of times you ’ll win the pot uncontested plus the times you ’ll win when they do call outweigh ( in most conditions ) the times you ’ll lose .
Because of the above , the color - coding for squeezing goes against the color - coding for other three bets .
Lower numbers get reds to alert you that the squeeze you ’re considering playing back at probably is n’t as bluffy as you think .
This line uses the standard HEM pop-up for the Steal stats and a custom one ( RUSHsqueeze ) for Squeeze stats .
The Fifth Line
They ca n’t all be preflop , right ?
Flop Continuation Bet :
It ’s a post - flop stat but it also helps you make better decisions preflop .
If you have an opponent , for example , with a high preflop raise and a low fold to three bet along with a low flop continuation bet , you can consider flatting and taking the pot on the flop as opposed to three - betting .
Primarily , however , the stat gives you an idea of how strong an opponent ’s range is when they ’re continuing after raising preflop , helping you call , raise and fold more appropriately based on the tendencies of individual opponents
It ’s a post - flop stat but it also helps you make better decisions preflop .
If you have an opponent , for example , with a high preflop raise and a low fold to three bet along with a low flop continuation bet , you can consider flatting and taking the pot on the flop as opposed to three - betting .
Primarily , however , the stat gives you an idea of how strong an opponent ’s range is when they ’re continuing after raising preflop , helping you call , raise and fold more appropriately based on the tendencies of individual opponents Fold Continuation Bet to Raise : A stat that offers support for the FCB stat above .
If you can find an opponent wit high numbers for both , add them to your buddy list pronto .
A stat that offers support for the FCB stat above .
If you can find an opponent wit high numbers for both , add them to your buddy list pronto .
Fold to Continuation Bet :
You can get a general idea of an opponent ’s passivity from other stats , but when you have a decent sample size ( this one converges pretty quickly as far as post - flop stats go ) this stat is a very accurate barometer of weakness .
Again , if you can find an opponent with a high VPIP , a low three - bet and a high FCB , add them to your buddy list .
This lines uses two custom pop-ups : RUSHcbetasPFR for Flop CB and Fold CB to Raise , and RUSHcbetvsPFR for Fold to CB .
Download Rush Poker HUD Files
Hopefully you ’ll find this HUD useful for Rush .
It ’s a pretty standard HUD in a lot of ways , but I think the tweaks and adjustments make it uniquely streamlined and useful for Rush .
Feel free to leave any comments or suggestions in the comments below .
Rush Poker HUD ZIP ( includes all pop-ups and .xml config file for HUD ) .
Rush Poker HUD config file only .
To install , simply paste the files into the config file of Holdem Manager ( typically located at Program Files >> RVG Software >>
Holdem Manager >> Config ) .
Do n’t Forget : Software and other tools like this are available free via PTP Rake Rewards .
Why 2010 will see the first TV leaders election debate
By Michael Cockerell
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Lights , camera , election .
The first ever leaders TV debates in a British election begin this Thursday .
They come nearly half a century after the Labour opposition leader challenged the then Conservative prime minister to a head - to - head .
You 'll get a sort of Top of the Pops contest .
You 'll then get the best actor as leader of the country and the actor will be prompted by a scriptwriter
Sir Alec Douglas Home
Full BBC election debate coverage Read your comments
The story of why it has taken so long provides revealing clues to what we can expect when the TV lights finally go up this week with Gordon Brown , David Cameron and Nick Clegg confronting each other in an historic first .
In 1964 , Harold Wilson was the thrusting , 40 - something Labour leader who challenged the Old Etonian Tory prime minister Sir Alec Douglas Home to an election debate .
Sir Alec turned Wilson down saying : " I 'm not particularly attracted by confrontations of personality .
If we are n't careful you know you 'll get a sort of Top of the Pops contest .
" You 'll then get the best actor as leader of the country and the actor will be prompted by a scriptwriter . "
Wilson himself privately admitted : " I was none too keen on the debates .
Some small thing might have gone wrong .
I might have got hiccups from smoking a dusty pipe . "
But like some of his successors , Wilson thought there were election Brownie points to be gained by challenging a prime minister - who could then be accused of chickening out .
Every party politician that expects to lose tries that trick of debates and every politician who expects to win says no
John Major
Leaders ready for first TV debate Ironically , after Wilson became prime minister he rejected the new Tory Leader , Ted Heath 's challenge to election debates .
Wilson 's political secretary Lady Falkender later candidly explained to me why : " To appear with Heath on TV would have been giving him a lot of exposure as a potential prime minister and Harold 's office would in fact have rubbed off on Heath .
Harold decided that was not going to happen . "
It was not until 1979 that an incumbent prime minister agreed to debate .
Jim Callaghan who was behind in the polls said he was prepared to take on Margaret Thatcher .
She was at first inclined to accept .
But her influential image - maker , the late Gordon Reece had other ideas , as Michael Dobbs , one of her advisers told me .
" Gordon realised that there was nothing to be gained by a relatively inexperienced woman going on television against a hugely experienced and avuncular opponent like Jim Callaghan - and particularly when she was pretty well ahead in the polls and expected to win . "
Thatcher 's refusals Mrs Thatcher 's official refusal said that presidential - style debates were alien to Britain and risked turning the campaign into show business .
She concluded : " We 're not electing a president , we 're choosing a government . "
Mrs Thatcher remained consistent as prime minister .
In 1987 she refused the Labour Leader Neil Kinnock 's challenge .
Kinnock told me that he felt it was a shame , as it was something the public would have relished .
FULL GUIDE TO TV DEBATES
Poll watch :
Will debates matter ?
Analysis : Seven things to watch Poll watch : Will debates matter ?
Debate lessons from Australia Debates around the world " And it would have offered me a degree of catharsis : I enjoy a fight and that would have been a battleground , " he said .
Kinnock was also knocked back by the next PM John Major in 1992 , who claimed : " Every party politician that expects to lose tries that trick of debates and every politician who expects to win says no . "
Ironically it was Major himself who favoured a debate when he was well behind in the polls five years later .
Tony Blair responded to Major 's challenge : " Fine : his record against our polices , any place , any time . "
' Chickened out '
But it did n't turn out like that .
Secret negotiations to fix up the debate broke down amid mutual recriminations with the Labour 's campaign director Peter Mandelson claiming the Tories had not been " negotiating seriously or flexibly " .
For his part John Major claimed : " Tony Blair challenged me to a debate , to his dismay I accepted and to everyone 's amusement he then chickened out . "
Lance Price , then a BBC political reporter and subsequently a Labour spin doctor , said : " Labour did n't really want this debate to take place .
" Tony Blair was streets ahead in the opinion polls and when you 're out in front why take the risk ?
Why put yourself through the possibility of something going horribly wrong like that . "
It was this reasoning that prevented Blair from agreeing to debates in the subsequent two elections .
In 2005 the party leaders appeared separately on Question Time As Price , who was in a position to know as Labour 's election strategist in 2001 , puts it : " The truth of the matter is that we were never up for a debate .
But you can't say so publicly .
So the question was when and by what means we would find a way of getting out of it ' . "
In Parliament in 2008 , after the US presidential contest between Barack Obama and John McCain , David Cameron challenged Gordon Brown .
" There is no doubt that one of the reasons the American elections have caught people 's imagination is because of the live television debates between the contenders , " said Cameron .
Did n't the prime minister agree that the time had come for such election debates in Britain ?
Brown responded : " In America they do not have Question Time every week where we can examine what the different policies of the different parties are . "
It seemed likely that an incumbent prime minister 's reluctance to give equal status to his challengers would once again torpedo a leader 's election debate .
But then came the surprise return to government of Peter Mandelson , who revealed that Brown might be changing his mind about TV debates .
From the broadcaster 's point of view , what we wanted to make sure was that we had a programme that was interesting , watchable and something that people would recognise as a real debate
Sue Inglish , head of BBC political programmes
The PM , who was well behind in the opinion polls , eventually confirmed on camera his decision to take part in three - way election debates with David Cameron and Nick Clegg .
But behind closed doors the hard graft was still to come .
At a series of meeting the politicians and the broadcasters hammered out a 76 - point programme format agreement .
Questions would be put by a carefully selected audience who would not be allowed to boo or cheer or even to clap , and during the debates the political parties would each have a live hotline to the broadcasters to appeal against what they saw as unfair camera shots or lack of balance .
And unlike on the BBC's Question Time there would be no specific personal questions to individual leaders .
Sue Inglish , the BBC 's head of political programmes , chaired the negotiations .
I put to her the fear that the 76 - point plan might strangle the life out of the debates .
" You were never going to get a free - form programme .
I mean this always had to have a structure to it that is unique .
" From the broadcaster 's point of view , what we wanted to make sure was that we had a programme that was interesting , watchable and something that people would recognise as a real debate , " she said .
We shall see .
Michael Cockerell assesses How to Win the TV Debate on BBC Two at 7 pm Monday 12 April , repeated 8.30 pm Saturday 17 April 2010 and afterwards on BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Summary :
As April 15th approaches , the President discusses several of the tax breaks for middle class families he has signed into law .
Find out more about the Making Work Pay tax credit , breaks for first - time homebuyers , rewards for making your home more energy efficient and more through our Tax Savings Tool .
Planet.osm is the OpenStreetMap data in one file : all the nodes , ways and relations that make up our map .
A new version is released every week .
It 's a big file ( on 2020 - 10 - 01 , the plain OSM XML variant takes over 1304.0 GB when uncompressed from the 94.3 GB bzip2 - compressed or 53.3 GB PBF - compressed downloaded data file ) .
There are also files called Extracts which contain OpenStreetMap Data for individual continents , countries , and metropolitan areas .
Format
The two main formats used are PBF or bzip2 - compressed OSM XML .
PBF ( Protocol Buffer Format ) is a compact binary format that is smaller to download and much faster to process and should be used when possible .
Most common tools using OSM data support PBF .
For an overview over all osm file formats and conversion tools have a look at OSM file formats .
If you are using traditional GIS tools you may want to look at Processed data providers .
Downloading
See downloading data for tools to make downloading easier , including an option to use all mirrors at once , automatically do md5 hash validation , and other features .
Planet.osm mirrors
For security reasons , consider using HTTPS sources if available , rather than HTTP or FTP .
Some Internet users may experience problems with IPv4 - only sources when their Internet access ( notably mobile accesses ) offers native routing only though IPv6 , and where IP v4 is only supported by their ISP using temporary NAT sessions via proxies ( which may not be reliable for very large file downloads , even if HTTPS is used ) .
Mirrors are encouraged to support connections from IPv6 , and to support secured protocols to reliably authenticate their sources ( encryption is not required as the data is published , so this should not be a performance issue on servers , but this requires installing server - side certificates and renew them regularly before they expire ) .
The support of RSYNC on these sources is also useful to allow fast incremental synchronization to other local mirrors , and it should be secured as well .
Some mirrors also support peer - to - peer delivery with BitTorrent protocol .
All files also come with a .md5 signature file .
Use it to check your downloads ( especially when using FTP : using RSYNC or Torrent will generaly avoid download issues such as truncated files ) !
You should first check for the existence of the .md5 file before trying to download actual data ( which may sometimes be in a transient state while a mirror is being synchronized with a recent dump ) .
Also make sure your browser or downloader client supports the transfer of large files over 2 GB , as well as your local OS and file system for storing such files .
Mirror Available data Network protocols Preferred URL Loc Updated Diffs .osm.pbf .osm.bz2 HTTP HTTPS FTP RSYNC Torrent IPv6 planet.openstreetmap.org / ( original source , use another mirror below as much as possible )
GB ( Source ) ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ftp5.gwdg.de/pub/misc/openstreetmap/planet.openstreetmap.org/
DE Daily ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes free.nchc.org.tw/osm.planet/ ( source : gwdg.de )
TW Daily ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes download.openstreetmap.fr/
FR Minutely ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ﻿no ﻿yes ftpmirror .
your.org/pub/openstreetmap/
US Daily ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ftp.fau.de/osm-planet/
DE Daily ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes mirror.init7.net/openstreetmap /
CH Daily ﻿no ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes osm.openarchive.site ( source : ftp.dau.de )
DE,SG & US
Daily ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ﻿no ﻿no ftp.snt.utwente.nl/pub/misc/openstreetmap/
NL Weekly ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ftp.spline.de/pub/openstreetmap/
DE Weekly ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ftp.osuosl.org/pub/openstreetmap/
US Weekly ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no download.bbbike.org/osm/ planet/
DE Weekly ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ﻿no ﻿no ftp.nluug.nl/maps/planet.openstreetmap.org/
NL Weekly ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ﻿no planet.passportcontrol.net /pbf/
JP Weekly ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ﻿no ﻿no archive.org / details / osmdata ( Internet Archive , available under various items : you will lose time browsing every icon to find what you are looking for !
Select the list view instead , and enable details below titles to see dates of initial publication instead of date of last synchronization .
Ca n't find any planet file newer than 2018 .
Is it still synced ?)
US Weekly ( variable delay ) ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿no https://osm.cquest.org/torrents/
FR Weekly but in test and manual update ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿yes ﻿no ﻿no ﻿yes ﻿no
Country and area extracts
Worldwide extract sources
Mirror Area Updated Diffs HTTPS Metadata included www.overpass-api.de
Overpass API excerpts up to ~300 MB uncompressed Minutely ﻿yes , since v0.7.50 ﻿yes Optional download.openstreetmap.fr/
Minutely diffs and daily extracts in PBF : Entire continents
Many countries in all continents
Sub - country admin regions for several countries Minutely ﻿yes ﻿yes download.geofabrik.de
Daily extracts in PBF stripped from personal metadata ( user names , user IDs , changeset IDs ) : Entire continents
Most countries
Sub - country admin regions for Brasil , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Poland , Russia , UK , US Note : Extracts are not suitable for editing .
Daily ﻿yes ﻿yes Version and timestamp only osm-internal.download.geofabrik.de
Same as download.geofabrik.de but with full personal metadata :
Weekly full history extracts for all regions mentioned above ( no diffs ) Note : Login with OSM account required .
Files are subject to data protection regulation .
Daily ﻿yes ﻿yes All fields download.bbbike.org/osm /
Different extracts offered : more than 200 cities and regions worldwide
extract your own individual area Note : Extracts are not suitable for editing OSM , because they omit metadata such as version number .
See the FAQ .
Weekly ﻿no ﻿yes
No metadata protomaps.com / extracts
Extracts up to ~100 million nodes in PBF extract rectangular area or draw polygon
updated minutely
Does not include metadata Minutely ﻿no ﻿yes Version for all objects ; Timestamp for ways , relations and tagged nodes
Regional extract sources
Mirror Area Updated Diffs HTTPS Metadata included osm.kewl.lu/luxembourg.osm/
Luxembourg ( beta ) Hourly
Yes but not Osmosis / Pyosmium compatible directory structure ﻿yes Partially planet.osm.ch Swiss extract from the Swiss OpenStreetMap association .
Including all lakes crossing the Swiss boundary and a few km of the surrounding countries .
Hourly ﻿yes ﻿yes All fields osm.kyblsoft.cz/archiv/
Czech Republic
Daily ﻿no ﻿no version and timestamp only
Global thematic extracts
OpenStreetMapData provides shapefiles of global coastlines , land polygons or water polygons .
osmdata.xyz provides monthly , global GeoPackages of each primary feature key .
BitTorrent
Bittorrent service at osm-torrent.torres.voyager.hr has been shut down as of 2014-09 - 15
has been shut down as of 2014 - 09 - 15 As a replacement mainly for Osm2 Garmin users , torrents for PBF files are available starting from 2014 - 09 - 24 at this site .
Experimental planet PBF dump BitTorrent sharing started in January 2020 on https://osm.cquest.org/torrents/.
2 dedicated trackers have been setup web seeds : to combine BitTorrent and legacy HTTP based downloads Tests are welcome , please report your results in this discussion !
planet PBF dump BitTorrent sharing started in January 2020 on https://osm.cquest.org/torrents/.
IPFS
( currently not working , contains incomplete and outdated files only )
A weekly mirror of the continents - files from download.geofabrik.de is made available on IPFS at `/ipns/ipfs.placebazaar.org` , Accessible with any IPFS client , or via a gateway .
For example ipfs.io/ipns/ipfs.placebazaar.org .
A server is dedicated to seeding this data for a week .
Original source
The originating URL is https://planet.openstreetmap.org/.
Please use a mirror if you can .
A new version of planet.osm is released weekly ( currently every Wednesday morning ) .
We have these , going back to the start of April 2006 .
The size of a planet.osm file is about can be seen in the header information on the planet download page .
Planet files are very large ( tens of GBs ) so please check the size before starting to download .
The weekly dump normally starts at around 01:10 am UK time on Monday morning and is guaranteed to contain all updates prior to that time .
The dump is constructed from a database dump using conversion software , and the result should ensure referential integrity .
Please note that this does n't always apply to extracts .
The dump and conversion normally takes around 48 hours to complete , in total , and the result is usually ready on Wednesday morning .
Note :
The timestamp of the file is recorded in it like this : < osm version = " 0.6 " generator= " OpenStreetMap planet.c " (...) timestamp=" 2013-01-02T01:10:14 Z " > it will be useful to decide what " diffs " to use if you want them :
Additionally we offer regular diffs .
These are produced daily ( under the ' daily ' subdirectory ) and more recently we also offer hourly diffs and minutely diffs .
These have been produced with Osmosis and can be used to reconstruct the full dataset ( see examples at OSM Wiki pages Osmosis and osmupdate ) .
Since these only contain the differences , they are much smaller files ; A daily diff is generally about 40 MB compressed .
For more information please see Planet.osm / diffs
Technical notes
Small region OSM DB - only copy
Q : I would like to set up a copy of OSM DB only for a small region and then keep it up to date with the replicates
You will need to apply the full diffs and afterwards cut off anything you 're not interested in .
If you intend to do it for a rather small area then it is really quite easy and performs well with Osmosis .
Assuming you have a current extract of your area in " current.osm " and you have the Osmosis replication set up properly ( - - rrii ) , then you simply run
osmosis -- rri --simc -- rx current.osm -- ac -- bb left =42 right=42 top=42 bottom=42 clipIncompleteEntities=yes --wx new.osm && mv new.osm current.osm
as often as you like ( adapt the 42's in the bounding box ) .
Processing the file
See Databases and data access APIs # Database Schemas for loading a planet file into a database .
See OSM file formats # Map - data for a list of tools which are able to manipulate osm files .
See Frameworks for accessing osm files from your software .
Unpacking .bz2 files
Osmosis and osm2pgsql allow you to use the files in bz2 - compressed form .
If you need to unpack it from bz2 format , use 7 - zip on Windows ; on Linux just type bzip2 - d planet.osm.bz2 ; or your OS may support double - click unpacking .
See Wikipedia 's list of compression programs .
If you are handling the compression yourself with libbzip2 , then note that the files are compressed with pbzip2 and contain multiple streams that need to be handled as described in section 3.4.8 of the bzip2 documentation .
During download , the network will be your bottleneck .
Once you have the file you will need to unpack it , and then disk I /O will be your bottleneck .
Or you can work with the bzip 'ed file , but then the CPU will be your bottleneck .
If you have sufficient space to unpack the full planet file , you can save a lot of time and disk thrashing by unpacking it on the fly while downloading it : try curl - L https://planet.openstreetmap.org/planet_latest.osm.bz2 | pbzip2 -cd >planet_latest.osm .
In most cases , using import tools supporting the PBF format will be a faster and more efficient solution , they can be processed directly without unpacking it to plain OSM XML format and PBF - compressed OSM files are always smaller than bzip2 - compressed OSM files and faster to download .
Additional technical notes
wget : Alternatively to curl , wget - O - may be used .
Due to the size of the planet files , older distributions of wget may fail to work since they may not support file sizes larger than 2 GiB , and attempting to download files larger than that will report a negative file size and fail .
pbzip2 : may be replaced by the single - threaded bzip2 - cd / bzcat as well .
Refences
Missing nodes
Note that planet download have ways that reference nodes that are not in the same file .
Due to performance reasons it is n't possibly to get a fully consistent snapshot of the database .
Although the dump is run in a transaction , the isolation level required for a " snapshot " - style dump dramatically increases the running time .
You might find that , if you have been editing while the export has been running , that the way may be in there but the nodes are not .
You can take a planet file and apply the daily diffs using Osmosis to create a consistent planet file ( however you may still have some problems with old bad data in OpenStreetMap from before the introduction of the API 0.6 ) .
country extracts
Country extract may have ways that reference nodes that are not in the same file .
This is perfectly normal depending on the settings used in the extraction process .
There are two options ; either the ways at the boundary have been truncated ( such as in the GeoFabrik downloads ) , or the nodes are just missed out and the ways are left as is ( for example the CloudMade downloads ) .
Handling missing references
This really depends on what you are doing with the data .
You can either drop the node references or you can go to another data source , such as the API , to fetch the missing nodes .
Other planet files
GPS Traces can be found in planet.gpx
Old versions of the planet file are available at https://planet.openstreetmap.org/ and the mirrors as well .
An experimental full history file is available , containing every revision of each object .
License
Planet files remain licensed under the same license as the master OpenStreetMap geo-database from which they are extracted - currently this is the Open Database License .
Planet files from before September 12 , 2012 have a Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 2.0 license .
“ What a curious thing , ” said Alice “ One might easily lose one ’s balance , ” As she walked through the labyrinthine tangles
Of the sea- risen city 's impossible angles
... and so Alice meets Howard Phillips Lovecraft in the nightmare corpse- city of R’lyeh , and there they discuss nonsense & meaninglessness , until interrupted by ... Certain Entities of an Unusual Nature ...
Bringing together the imaginative worlds of H P Lovecraft and Lewis Carroll , Alice at R’lyeh explores the black seas of infinity , the dangers of adding two and two , and the advantages of being fictional .
Choose an option to explore ...
Alice at R'lyeh was published as a booklet in 2009 .
This is now no longer available to buy .
Windows , Mac , and Linux have been updated to 5.0.375.23 , this was a crash fix release .
A beer we find all year around now , Imperial Stout has become one of our favorite styles here at TheFullPint.com .
In most cases , it ’s big , dark , thick , dessert like and strong .
With that said , we want to ask you …What is the Best Imperial Stout ?
We will close this poll March 31st , 2010 at 5 PM PDT .
This is not the gospel , this is not winner takes all , this is for fun and the love of beer .
Cheers !
Tips :
You may write in a vote for a beer not listed .
You can grumble about your beer not being listed , but you would be better served to find more people to support and write in a vote for the beer we did n’t list .
You can grumble about your beer not being listed , but you would be better served to find more people to support and write in a vote for the beer we did n’t list .
Please do n’t cheat .
Feel free to spread the word on Twitter and Facebook , but please do n’t circumvent the system .
[ poll id = ” 15 ″ ]
Neglected by ' lazy ' nurses , man , 22 , dying of thirst rang the police to beg for water
A man of 22 died in agony of dehydration after three days in a leading teaching hospital .
Kane Gorny was so desperate for a drink that he rang police to beg for their help .
They arrived on the ward only to be told by doctors that everything was under control .
The next day his mother Rita Cronin found him delirious and he died within hours .
She said nurses had failed to give him vital drugs which controlled fluid levels in his body .
' He was totally dependent on the nurses to help him and they totally betrayed him . '
Kane , aged 11 .
He worked for Waitrose and had been a keen footballer and runner until he was diagnosed with a brain tumour the year before his death
A coroner has such grave concerns about the case that it has been referred to police .
Sources say they are investigating the possibility of a corporate manslaughter charge against St George 's Hospital in Tooting , South London .
Mr Gorny , from Balham , worked for Waitrose and had been a keen footballer and runner until he was diagnosed with a brain tumour the year before his death .
The medication he took caused his bones to weaken and he was admitted to St George 's for a hip replacement in May last year .
The operation left him immobile and unable to get out of bed .
His 50 - year - old mother says that he needed to take drugs three times a day to regulate his hormones .
Doctors had told him that without the drugs he would die .
A young life snatched away : Kane with his mother Rita while being treated for a brain tumour
Rita said nurses had failed to give her son vital drugs which controlled fluid levels in his body
Although he had stressed to staff how important his medication was , she said , no one gave him the drugs .
She said that two days after his hip operation , while Miss Cronin was at work , he became severely dehydrated but his requests for water were refused .
He became aggressive and nurses called in security guards to restrain him .
After they had left , he rang the police from his bed to demand their help .
Miss Cronin , who is divorced from her son's father Peter , said : ' The police told me he'd said , " Please help me .
All I want is a drink and no one is helping me " .
' By this time my son was confused due to his lack of medication and I think the nurses just ignored him because they thought he was just being badly behaved .
' They were lazy , careless and had n't bothered to check his charts and see his medication was essential . '
That evening , Miss Cronin visited him .
She said : ' I told Kane to behave himself because I thought he had been causing trouble - and I feel so bad about that now .
I thought maybe he was having a bad reaction to the morphine he was on but in fact it was because he had not had his medication . '
The next morning she visited him before going to work .
' He was delirious and his mouth was open , ' she said .
' I gave him a drink of Ribena .
' I told three nurses there was something wrong with my son and they said , " He 's fine " and walked off .
I started to cry and a locum doctor who was there told me not to worry .
' Eventually the ward doctor came round , took one look at Kane and started shouting for help . '
Miss Cronin was asked to leave her son's bedside .
' He died an hour later , ' she said .
' I did n't even realise he was dying .
I did n't even have a chance to say goodbye . '
The death certificate said Mr Gorny had died because of a ' water deficit ' and ' hypernatraemia ' - a medical term for dehydration .
His mother added : ' When I went back to the hospital I was told that all the nurses had been offered counselling as they were so traumatised , but nothing was offered to me .
' The whole thing is a disgrace .
This hospital has a brilliant reputation and boasts of its excellent standards and safety record .
' But as soon as my son walked into that ward , his death warrant was signed .
Of the 32 people who were involved in my son's care , every one made a mistake that ultimately led to his death , from the consultant to the care assistant .
' There has been an internal investigation but St George 's never made it public and it was a whitewash - After his death the hospital never phoned me or wrote to me to apologise .
How could this happen in the 21st century ?'
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said : ' Detectives from the Homicide and Serious Crime Command are investigating the death of Kane Gorny at St George 's Hospital after this was referred to us by Westminster Coroner 's Court . '
A spokesman for St George 's Hospital said : ' We are extremely sorry about the death of Kane Gorny and understand the distress that this has caused to his family .
' A full investigation was carried out and new procedures introduced to ensure that such a case cannot happen in future .
' We have written to the family to explain the actions that have been taken and to answer their concerns about Mr Gorny 's care .
The family has also been invited to meet with trust staff to discuss the case in detail .'
The tragedy emerged a week after a report into hundreds of deaths at Stafford Hospital revealed the appalling quality of care given by many of the nurses .
This week a task force called on nurses to sign a public pledge that they will treat everyone with compassion and dignity .
“ All we know now is , this is an awful disaster , ” Representative Nick J. Rahall II said as he arrived at the mine site , which is in his district .
“ This is the second major disaster at a Massey site in recent years , and something needs to be done . ”
In a statement , Massey ’s chief executive officer , Don Blankenship said mine rescue teams and state and federal officials were responding to the explosion .
“ We want to assure the families of all the miners we are taking every action possible to locate and rescue those still missing , ” Mr. Blankenship said .
Phil Smith , a spokesman for the United Mine Workers of America , said that the mine was nonunion but that the union had dispatched a team to advise on the rescue and to help the families of the trapped or dead miners .
Michael Mayhorn , an emergency dispatcher for Boone County , said that at least 20 ambulances and three helicopters had been dispatched from nearby counties , and that the state medical examiner was heading to the scene .
At least one miner was evacuated by helicopter , he said .
Image Diana Mccoure waited for news from Upper Big Branch Mine - South at the New Life Assembly in Whitesville , W. Va. Credit ... Andrew Spear for The New York Times
Dennis O’Dell , an official with the union who was in contact with state and federal safety officials , said the current theory was that the explosion might have been caused by a buildup of methane gas in a sealed - off section of the mine .
A similar type of explosion occurred in the 2006 Sago mining disaster , which left 12 miners dead after trapping them underground for nearly two days .
Mr. O’Dell said some officials believed the ignition source for the explosion on Monday might have been a device that carries mine personnel to and from the work area .
Cupertino , CA - A company - wide memo by Steve Jobs has instituted new conditions of employment for all employees of Apple , the most prominent is the directive that Apple workers may no longer venture out into public spaces “ except for transportation to and from work , and in cases of medical emergencies . ”
This directive stems from the loss of a next - generation iPhone by an Apple engineer and the subsequent acquisition of that phone by the gadget blog Gizmodo .
The rules laid down by Jobs in the memo are effective May 1 , 2010 .
It is not known at this time if the rule applies to Apple Store sales staff who work in public .
Most employees accepted the ban without hesitation including Gail Henry who works as a software designer for the company .
“ I guess I ’m going to have to miss my daughter ’s graduation , but it ’s a small price to pay .
Steve has a reason , and I accept that , ” she said .
Eric
Halley , who works in engineering , said , “ I ’m happy about the policy .
I do n’t like going out in public anyway , and this gives me a foolproof excuse to use with my wife . ”
The memo gives employees suggestions on alternatives for going out in public like “ having food delivered , watching kid ’s sporting events via webcam , and vacationing in remote mountain locations without a soul for miles . ”
Residents of Cupertino and surrounding area were excited about the news .
Beth Yang from Cuptertino said , " Shorter lines at the coffee shop , shorter waits at the manicurist and no more weekly iPad parades , what 's not to like ? "
This increased crackdown on employee mobility coincides with Apple ’s efforts to remake its headquarters into an “ Area 51 ” type facility .
Officials at the company have already had 1 Infinite Loop removed from satellite photos and mapping software .
A perimeter fence and snipers will give the campus added security .
Jobs himself is not exempt from this policy and from now on will give presentations via his next - generation iPad with a front - facing camera and iChat software .
Starbucks stock was down on the news .
Related News Next Generation of Apple Computers will Run Windows Shuffle Craze Hits Other Tech Gadgets Apple Expands Media Empire with The Apple Channel
Texas | Columns | " Charley Eckhardt's Texas " SARAH'S DREAM :
JOSIAH WILBARGER'S ORDEAL
Scalped Alive on Onion Creek
by C. F. Eckhardt J osiah Wilbarger came to Texas from either Indiana or Missouri - sources differ .
According to the story as I heard it in my youth , from my grandmother , he came from Indiana , the same place her grandfather and father came from .
He appears to have been a frontiersman .
He settled at Hornsby Bend , the bend on the Colorado just south of the present Montopolis bridge in Austin .
Reuben Hornsby and his family had a blockhouse fort there , and a small settlement grew up around it .
Wilbarger apparently considered himself a guide , and began hiring out to guide surveyors and land scouts into the area west of Austin .
He was doing a fair business at that , but he really does n't seem to have been as much of a frontiersman as he held himself out to be .
He made the biggest mistake someone moving through hostile country can make .
He started using the same route each time he left Hornsby 's fort - following the banks of Onion Creek , a tributary to the Colorado .
As anyone who 's ever had to operate in hostile territory can tell you - and the area west of Austin was very hostile in the early 1830s - the quickest way to get yourself into serious trouble is to become predictable .
If you use predictable routes , people who do n't like you can easily learn your predictable routes and use the knowledge to ambush you .
The Scalping of Josiah Wilbarger
Woodcut from Indian Depradations in Texas by J. Wilbarger
Woodcut atributed to O. Henry
Courtesy Texas State Library and Archives Commission
T here are two stories about what happened .
One insists that Wilbarger 's party was approached by Indians who made friendly overtures , then started shooting .
The other says there was a sudden fusillade from the brush .
In either case , all but two of the party went down - and one who went down was Wilbarger .
Wilbarger was hit in the neck by a large - caliber musket ball .
It apparently bruised his spine , temporarily paralyzing him completely .
He appeared dead to the Indians .
In fact , he was completely conscious , but unable to move or even blink his eyes .
In this condition he was stripped naked - they left a sock on one foot , but took all else - and scalped .
By his own statement , he felt the pressure of the knife against his scalp , but no pain .
The only sensation when his scalp was removed he recalled as a sound ' like distant thunder . '
At some point he lost consciousness .
When he came to the sun was low .
He dragged himself to the bank of Onion Creek , washed as much of the blood off as he could , wet the sock , and placed it atop his head , over the area that had been scalped .
For the record , that would have been about as much area as an old silver dollar would cover .
This done , he tried to go in the direction of Hornsby 's fort .
He did n't get far .
By his own statement , he sat down at the base of a big tree , " composed myself as decently as I could " ( which probably meant he placed his hands over his crotch ) , and " prepared myself to die . "
Shortly after the sun went down but before true darkness fell , he saw his sister walking toward him .
So far as he knew , she was still back in Indiana .
She stood in front of him , and - as he quoted her later - said " Have no fear , brother Josiah .
Help is on the way . "
She then ' disappeared ' going in the direction of Hornsby 's fort .
A t Hornsby 's the two survivors insisted that all others had been killed .
The place was buttoned up tight , with all the rifles and pistols loaded in preparation for the attack everyone was sure would come at any moment .
When darkness fell and there was no attack , it became obvious that there would be none .
Things relaxed slightly and the Hornsby family went to bed .
Candles being expensive , it 's likely bedtime was about as soon as it got really dark outside .
Something over an hour after they went to sleep , Sarah Hornsby awoke abruptly .
She 'd had a dream .
In it she saw Wilbarger - wounded but alive , sitting under a tree .
She woke Reuben and told him of the dream .
Reuben did n't put much stock in dreams .
He told his wife to go back to sleep .
Wilbarger was dead .
The survivors saw him killed .
He and the boys would go collect the bodies as soon as the sun came up .
Sarah went back to sleep .
She had the dream again , this time in greater detail .
" He 's been scalped , " she told Reuben .
" He 's got something on his head - some sort of cloth over where he was scalped . "
Reuben again told his wife that dreams meant nothing , Wilbarger was dead .
" Go back to sleep . "
Sarah had the dream a third time , this time in much greater detail .
She was able to describe exactly his location .
Reuben realized that he was n't going to get any sleep at all unless he humored her .
He woke the boys , they dressed , and went out to saddle horses .
" Take the wagon , " she told them .
" He ca n't ride . "
She brought blankets and quilts from the house to pad the wagon 's bed .
J osiah Wilbarger was found exactly where Sarah Hornsby said he would be found , in exactly the condition she described .
He was alive .
Reuben Hornsby and his sons loaded the badly - wounded man into the wagon and brought him back to the fort .
The Hornsby daughters , together with their mother , nursed him back to health .
His recovery was a long and arduous one , and the skin never grew back over the skull where he'd been scalped .
He wore , according to the stories , a silk skullcap at all times .
Mail service was slow and unpredictable in early Texas .
Several months into his recovery , Wilbarger received a letter from his family .
The sister who appeared to him died the day before he was shot .
As he lay unconscious and bleeding on the banks of Onion Creek , she was laid to rest .
When she appeared to him , she was spending her first night in the grave .
Josiah Wilbarger lived a number of years after being scalped .
He married into the Hornsby family , and one account of him has him operating a cotton gin near Hornsby Bend .
Allegedly he struck the scalped portion of his skull on a low doorframe , fracturing his skull , and died of the injury .
1926 Marker for Josiah Wilbarger near Utley on FM 969
TE Photo , February 2007 Wilbarger Creek & Wilbarger Bend Road 
T his is the Wilbarger story as I heard it nearly sixty years ago from my grandmother , Mary Ann Lane Eckhardt .
Her aunt , Eliza Ann Lane , married Josephus Hornsby and thereby became an in - law of Josiah Wilbarger .
My grandmother heard the tale from her Aunt Becky - Rebecca Hornsby - - who heard it from her mother , Sarah Hornsby - who had the dreams .
© C. F. Eckhardt
" Charley Eckhardt 's Texas " February 2 , 2007 column Related Story :
Wilbarger Creek & Wilbarger Bend Road Related Topics :
Ghosts
Columns
Texas Towns
We ’ve featured a number of unusual finds from Korea ’s Early Adopter over the years , but this is the first time I ’ve seen them come out with their own electronic hardware .
While it might look like some sort of strange antennae or musical instrument , this otherworldly - looking device is actually a complete audio system .
Called simply “ THE AUDIO , ” this newfangled contraption houses all of its audio circuitry inside the central tower , and then includes a pair for super - slim satellite speakers to flank the main unit .
What ’s really unusual about the design of this uber - modern stereo is the control bars that stick out of the sides of the main tower .
Depending on mode , each of the metal rods controls a different feature .
For instance , in radio mode , the bars control the band , station and volume .
But in MP3 playback mode , the top bar controls the track , the middle bar controls the playback mode , and the bottom remains as volume .
Controls are boldly displayed on a bright dot - matrix display embedded into the control tower .
THE AUDIO system has built in AM , FM and DMB / DAB tuners , as well as a 3.5 mm stereo jack for connecting your media player to the back .
You ’ll also notice a strategically placed SD card slot at the front bottom of the control bar , so you can play back all of your digital tunes without additional hardware .
At this point , it looks like THE AUDIO is still in the prototype stage , and it ’s doubtful we ’ll ever see it outside of Korea .
Perhaps the EarlyAdopter folks will realize they have a following around the globe and will indulge us with these in other countries .
For now , you ’ll just have to look and drool from afar .
Whether you 're sensitive to harsh commercial household cleaners , or you 'd rather fill your home with more natural ingredients , there 's no shortage of greener cleaner recipes .
You probably already have the ingredients you need at home to make healthier house cleaners .
What You 'll Need
Check your pantry for the following ingredients :
Baking soda
White vinegar
Hydrogen peroxide
Dawn dish detergent ( the original blue version )
Essential oils
Fresh lemon
You 'll also need recycled ( and relabeled ) or new spray bottles you can buy at the grocery or home improvement store .
The following recipes show how these ingredients can be mixed and matched to make a variety of cleaners appropriate for every room in your home .
Why Dawn Works
No one really knows why the original blue Dawn dish detergent works so well .
It 's mild , yet it 's proven to remove tough grease .
Dawn made its mark in 1989 when it was successfully used to safely remove thick crude oil that coated the feathers of marine birds resulting from the Exxon Valdez oil spill that occurred off the coast of Alaska .
Recipes for All - Purpose Cleaners
Multi-purpose surface cleaner :
This mix takes a minute to make and you can use this cleaner on virtually any surface in your home .
Use on wood furniture and hardwood floors , but wipe wood surfaces completely dry after cleaning .
Fill 1/3 of the bottle with white vinegar and fill the rest of the bottle with tap water .
The vinegar scent starts to evaporate after spraying your cleaner , but adding essential oils will help mask any lingering smell .
Add at least three to five drops of your favorite essential oil to the bottle .
Some favorite essential oils for cleaning solutions include lemon , orange , lavender , pine , and eucalyptus .
Window cleaner : Clean your windows and mirrors using the same white vinegar and water mixture as above .
But sometimes , a special ingredient may be necessary to blast through the smudges on your windows .
Dawn and vinegar work wonders for that extra smudge - cutting and cleaning mixture .
Mix in a spray bottle 1 /4 cup of white vinegar with 2 and 1 /2 cups of water , plus 1/2 teaspoon of Dawn dish detergent .
Rinse windows and mirrors with clean water to clear off any suds .
Cleaning windows and mirrors can become a fragrant chore with this mixture .
Use this mixture on your windows indoors and outdoors .
Window squeegees are easiest to use .
But if you prefer , use a lint - free towel , wiping windows with a Z - shaped motion .
Recipes for the Laundry
Stain remover mix :
If you have pets or kids , you 'll especially appreciate having a stain removing recipe on hand .
Mix 2 parts hydrogen peroxide with 1/4 part baking soda .
Mix well and pour into a spray bottle .
Spray on the stain and let sit for a few minutes before scrubbing with a rag , brush , or old toothbrush .
Let dry , then wash the item with the regular laundry .
Stain remover with Dawn : Sometimes all you need is a few drops of Dawn dish detergent and a toothbrush to pre-treat a tough stain .
If Dawn alone does n't help , then try again by mixing 2 parts of hydrogen peroxide and 1 part Dawn mixed in a spray bottle .
Spray generously on the stain .
Let it sit for 10 minutes .
Scrub with a towel , brush , or old toothbrush .
Blot with paper towels , let dry , and the stain should be gone or you can also toss the item in with the regular laundry .
Recipes for Kitchen and Bath
Disinfectant surface spray :
For an extra -strength antibacterial cleaner for your kitchen and bath , use the general recipe of filling a spray bottle with 1/3 white vinegar and the rest with water , then add specific essential oils .
The essential oils that tend to effectively destroy several bacterial , fungal , and viral pathogens include cinnamon , clove , thyme , rosemary , and tea tree .
These particular essential oils may have a potent , earthy scent rather than a floral or citrus fragrance .
( Though note that vinegar is not strong enough to disinfect COVID - 19 — you will need to follow CDC instructions and use at least 70 % alcohol or a diluted bleach solution instead ) .
Garbage disposal cleaner with lemon :
For regular cleaning and maintenance of your garbage disposal , make sure to run it every day or at least every other day .
To freshen the disposal , toss in a half of a lemon .
Turn on the disposal with the lemon in it and run until the lemon is completely broken down .
To dislodge food particles stuck in your disposal 's blades , take this additional step :
Add a few ice cubes into the garbage disposal about once or twice a week and turn on the disposal until the ice is broken down , then run the tap water for a minute .
Drain cleaner : Shower , bathtub , and sink drains become quickly clogged from hair , soap , fats , and oils .
( Remember , soap is made from fats and oils . )
Many cleaning recipes to unclog drains call for vinegar and baking soda , which may produce lots of foaming action , but likely wo n't be enough to dissolve or blast away the gloppy clog .
But one simple ingredient should cut through sluggish drains , and that 's Dawn detergent .
Add a few drops into the drain and follow with boiling water or scalding hot tap water .
You 'll likely need to repeat a few times to dissolve the greasy mess .
Bathroom air freshener :
With a dropper , add several drops of your favorite essential oil directly on the inner cardboard section of your toilet paper roll .
Aim for fresh , clean , and soothing neutral scents such as lavender or vanilla .
POLES used to rule 13th Avenue in northeast Minneapolis .
A Polish deli and a Polish clothing store marked one end of this commercial stretch along the old Broadway streetcar line , five minutes north of downtown .
The Polish White Eagle Association , a fraternal organization , anchored the other .
Empty storefronts dotted the brick buildings in between like missing teeth in an uneasy smile .
Galleries moved in to some of those spaces .
But what really brightened this four - block stretch was the October opening of the Anchor Fish & Chips ( 302 13th Avenue NE ; 612-676-1300 ; theanchorfishandchips.com ) .
“ Lately , it feels like this is more of a destination than it used to be , ” said Dale Flattum ( who goes by the nickname Tooth ) , a local poster artist .
“ With the 331 Club , ” he said , referring to a neighborhood bar and music site , “ and the Anchor , it seems like people are coming here to do stuff . ”
The Anchor has hardly priced out the art crowd .
An eight - ounce hunk of battered cod can be had for $ 8.50 , and comes with thick , hand - cut fries .
According to Jenny Crouser , one of the owners , friends from the neighborhood spent months renovating the former art gallery , often at no charge .
Local carpenters built the bar  a beam of Douglas fir from a 115 - year - old barn  in exchange for 420 pints of beer .
Vitaly Petrov was ' finally able to show his true talent ' and speed with a fighting and impressive drive to break his F1 points duck in seventh place in last weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix , contends Eric Boullier - and the result , the Renault team principal suggests , could just mark a breakthrough for the Russian rookie .
Fast but wild and unrefined would probably most aptly sum up Petrov 's beginnings in the top flight over the first three races of 2010 , with scintillating starts making up for somewhat poor qualifying form and a combative and determined on - track manner winning the so - called ' Vyborg Rocket ' a number of fans , particularly in the wake of his feisty scrap with McLaren - Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton in Malaysia earlier this month , when he doggedly refused to let the 2008 F1 World Champion get away and was far from intimidated by his rival 's illustrious reputation .
In Shanghai , arguably , the 25 - year - old did even better than that , with bold late - race passes on Michael Schumacher and Mark Webber enabling him to record not only his first finish at the highest level , but also both his and his country 's first - ever points into the bargain - having suffered reliability gremlins in both Sakhir and Sepang , and having spun away his chances of scoring Down Under in Melbourne .
What 's more , that was achieved in unpredictable and changeable climatic conditions that caught out many a more experienced competitor , meaning that to take the chequered flag only 25 seconds in arrears of highly - rated , grand prix- winning team - mate Robert Kubica - and to set a fastest lap time within two tenths of a second of the Pole 's best effort to - boot - was noteworthy indeed .
The result marked Renault 's first double points finish since the same race back in 2008 , and afterwards Boullier was effusive in his praise for the reigning GP2 Series runner - up , arguing that the Enstone - based outfit 's faith in its new young charge has now been justified and that the ' pay - driver ' tag can now be cast aside for good .
" Vitaly put in a great drive , " enthused the delighted Frenchman .
" At the beginning of the race the conditions were very tricky .
Some parts of the track were wet , some were n't .
It 's never easy for a rookie when the conditions are changing all the time , but once everybody got onto the same tyres in the second half of the race he just got faster and faster .
In the final laps he was the quickest car on - track .
" We know he has some very strong qualities - his speed and calmness under pressure .
You always have to give young drivers time .
[ Kamui ] Kobayashi and [ Nico ] H?lkenberg - the other rookies in established teams ( Sauber and Williams respectively ) - have struggled to finish races and score points this year , and they both have more experience in an F1 car .
[ In China ]
Vitaly was finally able to show his true talent .
It demonstrated that once he has confidence in the car , he can be very quick indeed . "
Dear all , this is a first announcement of cabal packages for Gtk2 Hs .
This is meant for all those who can spare five minutes to check the packages and to improve them .
You need to download the following :
gtk2hs-buildtools-0.9.tar.gz cairo-0.10.5.tar.gz glib-0.10.5.tar.gz pango-0.10.5.tar.gz gtk-0.10.5.tar.gz from http://www2.in.tum.de/~simona/ .
Then install the packages in the given order .
The first package will install some executables that are needed for the other packages .
Make sure that they land somewhere in your PATH .
I 'm particularly interested in comments regarding what I need to do to make these cabal files work with other versions of ghc .
I 've tested the files with 6.10.4 .
It seems that one has to give a big tree of base - version variants which I clearly have not done yet .
Any comments welcome , Axel .
P.S. : My effort to cabalize Gtk2Hs has the following motivation : - easier setup for users , fewer complaints , less hassle - building on Windows : I do n't have Windows around and hope that a .cabal file will make this " just work " - integration into the Haskell Platform - separation of other packages : I do n't have time to maintain all those additional libraries that are already in the Gtk2 Hs darcs
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Download Intel® Parallel Studio Eval
Try the new software tools for yourself .
Speed compiling , find bugs proactively , and fine - tune applications for parallel performance .
See why Intel Parallel Studio got high marks during beta .
http://p.sf.net/sfu/intel-sw-dev
_______________________________________________
Gtk2hs - devel mailing list Gtk2hs-devel@lists.sourceforge.net
https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/gtk2hs-devel
Rex has one final suggestion to scribble on Helena Guergis ' stationery .
And you thought the art of letter - writing was dead .
Read the transcript of this Point of View
Rex Murphy Point of View
April 1 , 2010
The lads and lasses on Parliament Hill are off for an Easter recess - not a prorogration - that would be wrong - just a little break .
And it ’s easy to see why , after this week , they need one .
There was that matter of the " correspondence school " or " creative writing class " operating out of Helena Guergis ’ increasingly scattered office .
Just when , in the age of Blackberry and text messaging , we thought letter - writing was a dead art , we learned that a handful of the Minister ’s aides whiled away the idle hours between their boss ’s apologies in Question Period and her loud visits to PEI , writing letters to various newspapers and Maclean ’s magazine celebrating that same boss ’s many glorious virtues .
They wrote as fans , supporters , admirers of the Minister – which is touching – how many of us love the boss ?
The letters had the flavour of those cereal commercials when harassed housewives wax poetic about the virtues of Special K or Bran Flakes - you know , earnest but not convincing – but then paid enthusiasm does n’t have the juice of the real thing .
But cute little aides that they were hid the consideration that they were her employees – and that these warm testimonials to their boss ’s charm and efficiency , chastising the lurid media ’s fascination with airport tantrums , boot - tossing and hellholes , were not without some self - interest , and partisan benefit .
A little like Smithers writing in praise of Mr. Burns , and signing it Barney .
One of the Guergis correspondence school does n’t seem quite to understand that an aide writing letters to newspapers in support of her paymaster is a little out of line – she thinks it ’s free speech – to quote her own eloquent words , at least I presume they are her own : " People are dying for that friggin ’ right . "
Absolutely .
Dying for the right of exec assistants , in voter camouflage , to suck up to their boss in print
The aide continued that " she does n’t care what Guergis thinks . "
An aide does n’t care what her Minister thinks ?
It was an old saying of Napoleon that every private should carry a Field Marshall ’s baton in his knapsack , but this is carrying it a little far , do n’t you think ?
Who ’s the assistant here , and who ’s the Minister ?
Now I know why so many Canadians were against prorogation - we ca n’t get these soap operas when the House is closed .
The big question for Stephen Harper this week goes like this :
Was he grateful for Hillary Clinton taking attention from Helena Guergis , or Helena Guergis and her creative writing school taking attention away from Hillary Clinton ?
The solution here is to have some guy in the PMO , under a nom de plume of course , write a letter explaining how hard it is for the PM when one of his Ministers looks like she ’s auditioning for reality TV .
And , maybe suggesting , just as a disinterested voter , mind you , that maybe it ’s time for her to write a letter all by herself , a short one :
Dear Stephen , I resign .
Helena .
I would n’t have him write any letters about Hillary though .
Do n’t agitate Mrs. Clinton .
She writes her own letters .
For The National , I ’m Rex Murphy .
We were all hugely pleased with the success of our latest developed app .
The feedback here suggests that is by far the best application we 've ever had .
Confronting the Nazi Perpetrators New Exhibition Explodes Myth of SS Castle Wewelsburg
Wewelsburg Castle , once a pseudo - religious sanctum for Hitler 's SS , has been shrouded in mystery since 1945 .
Its echoing crypt and mysterious occult symbols have spawned fantasies of pagan , torch - lit ceremonies held by the murderous brotherhood .
A new exhibition at the site aims to dispel such myths -- and reflects Germany 's new approach towards explaining its darkest places .
My 31 - tone guitar John S. Allen
When I studied musical tunings in the 1970's , I found the 31 - tone equal temperament one of the most interesting tunings .
It falls within the Fibonacci series 2 , 5 , 7 , 12,19 , 31 , 50 ... which is the basis of musical scales of cultures all around the world .
It provides very good approximations to all terms of the harmonic series up to the 11th .
And it is almost identical to the standard Baroque mean - tone temperament -- but with a full circle of fifths , eliminating the discordant " wolf fifths . "
Around 1979 , I built an experimental guitar neck to try out the 31 - tone temperament .
I made a template from angle iron , measuring off the fret spacing on a Bridgeport milling machine .
Other than that , the design of the neck was fairly conventional .
I mated the neck to a Framus steel - string acoustic guitar body , which , unlike most acoustic guitar bodies , holds the neck in place with screws rather than glue .
I built a fully - adjustable bridge saddle , to assure tuning accuracy .
When I tried out the guitar , I arrived at the following conclusions :
On a guitar , 31 - tone equal temperament sounds very pleasant -- and not only for diatonic music .
Chords using the natural 7th and 11th sound completely normal and in tune , even though these intervals are far from standard scale degrees in Western music .
Chords played on this guitar have a harmonious throb like that of a good barbershop quartet .
Chording is made much more difficult by the need for greater accuracy in finger placement ( similar to the problem in playing chords high on the neck of a conventional guitar )
There is little problem in playing single - note melodic lines .
A 31 - tone neck would be practical on a melody instrument or electric bass .
The NHL salary cap will likely see a marginal increase of one per cent , pushing the maximum team payroll up by $ 900,000 to $ 57.7 million US for the 2010 - 11 season , Hockey Night in Canada analyst Glenn Healy said during Saturday 's Hotstove segment .
" Mostly because of the strong Canadian dollar , " Healy said , noting that the increase is still dependant on the accuracy of playoff revenue projections .
The Montreal Canadiens are waiting for the final word about the salary cap so they can solidify a new deal with forward Tomas Plekanec .
The 27 - year - old centre has had a strong offensive season , with 69 points ( 24 goals , 45 assists ) in 78 games heading into Saturday 's action .
" [ Plekanec and his agent ] have had good talks with the Canadiens , " HNIC 's Scott Morrison said .
" They are on the same page in terms of the financials . "
" It looks like something will get done . "
Meanwhile , the future whereabouts of the Phoenix Coyotes continues to be a hot topic .
The two potential owners , Jerry Reinsdorf and Ice Edge Holdings , are waiting for Glendale city council to decide on a proposed new lease agreement .
Morrison said a decision could come by the end of next week .
But that does n't mean Winnipeg will be left out in the cold .
Reports surfaced this week that billionaire David Thomson was interested in purchasing the team and resurrecting the Jets back in Manitoba .
Although NHL commissioner Gary Bettman has publicly stated his desire to keep the Coyotes in Glendale , Ariz. , Healy suggested that moving the team to Winnipeg could be Plan B .
As for keeping the team in the desert , it seems that the city favours Reinsdorf 's proposal , Morrison said .
" Everybody who is surrounding it seems to think so because his financing seems to be a little bit more stable than the other group . "
" The sense is that if Reinsdorf gets it , there will be an out clause in there after a couple of years , if they do n't meet certain revenue targets , " Morrison said .
That would open the door for Reinsdorf to sell the team to Thomson .
While the NHL continues to work on solving the Coyotes ' issue , it is also fighting a battle on another front , across the Atlantic .
The Swedish hockey federation has sent a note to its junior players telling them to sign a contract with the national program if they wish to play in international tournaments .
The catch : once they sign , if they choose to leave the country to play in North America before age 22 , they will face a $ 100,000 fine .
By Jimmy Rogers ( @me )
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
By now , everyone and their mother has heard of nanotechnology and how it is either going to save us or obliterate us in a sea of gray goo .
What exactly IS it , though ?
Well like microbiology , the field is too vast to describe effectively beyond “ things happening on the nano - scale , ” but this latest advance may give you a better idea .
As you may remember from our article on cancer a while back , tumor cells are essentially cells that never stop growing .
This is n’t really a disease like the cold or food poisoning , which can be caught or contracted from some source , but instead a disease of the body ’s own regulatory systems .
As such , the immune system has a terrible time sorting healthy and sick cells from one another .
One potential solution is a technique called RNAi .
Also known as RNA interference , RNAi consists of short regions of RNA ( DNA ’s more ancient brother ) that can target and turn off specific genes .
All of the genes in a cancer cell , for instance , rely on messenger RNAs ( mRNAs ) to take genetic information and convert it into tangible components like enzymes , sugars , and lipids .
If certain genes ’ mRNAs could be destroyed before they had a chance to do their job , then those genes would be effectively “ silenced ” and no longer have any effect .
This is precisely what RNAi fragments do : they bind to specific mRNAs and signal the cell to destroy them .
If we can turn off the genes that allow the cell to survive and take in nutrients , we can effectively “ starve ” the tumor .
Some of you may have already heard of RNAi because it is used all the time in the laboratory .
Unfortunately , it is much harder to administer RNAi fragments ( called siRNAs ) to a large animal like a human .
Even if those fragments were effective at silencing , how would they find and enter the right cells ?
This is where nanotech comes in !
The California Institute of Technology has created special nanoparticles ( seen as the black dots above ) that can recognize and and bind to markers found only on the exterior of a cancerous cell .
They also have the cargo space to carry small RNA fragments and can deliver them to the interior of the offending cell .
This improves the effectiveness of RNA interference by many orders of magnitude .
While Gizmodo has seen fit to call CIT ’s particles “ nanobots , ” they would probably better be described as “ smart nanoparticles . ”
Naming aside , they may be an instrumental tool for designing the next generation of cancer drugs .
Existing drugs can also be loaded into nanoparticles for enhanced , specialized delivery .
That ’s right : like any good tech … they ’re backwards compatible !
If you would like to know the nitty - gritty about CIT ’s experiment , you can read their publication in Nature .
Otherwise , post a comment or question below and we can discuss the topic further !
I ’m also available on Twitter if you prefer a “ nanoblog ” format !
Windows : Windows desktop customization tool Omnimo takes the look and feel of the upcoming Windows Phone 7 user interface and brings it to any Windows desktop in an attractive and functional form that 's fresh , useful , and full of eye candy .
Advertisement
( Click most of the images in this post for a closer look . )
When you 're done setting it up , the Omnimo customization will add Windows Phone 7 - style widgets to your desktop that 'll give you quick access to weather , calendars , your favorite programs , your unread email , notes , system monitoring ( like CPU , hard drive , and RAM use ) , Wi-Fi signal strength , and oh - so - much - more .
Best of all , everything 's easily customizable via drag and drop once you make it through the setup , so you can make it look however you want .
Here 's a quick sampling of various setups straight from the Omnimo homepage :
Advertisement
Note : Omnimo should work on any Windows system , XP through Windows 7 .
Install Omnimo
Before you can get started installing Omnimo , you 'll need to download and install the latest version of Rainmeter for your platform ; if you 're running on 64 - bit Windows , you 'll want to make sure to grab the right download .
Rainmeter is an awesome Windows customization tool that we 've featured plenty in the past , but the upshot is that Rainmeter provides the framework for the Omnimo Windows Phone 7 - like customization ; the Omnimo download and installation ( which we 'll detail below ) provides the skins and layouts necessary to transform your desktop .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
After you 've downloaded it , you 'll need to open Rainmeter at least once before proceeding to the Omnimo installation , because there 's a number of first - time initialization routines that create the appropriate configuration files necessary to install Omnimo .
Once you 've finished installing Rainmeter ( a simple installation wizard will walk you through it ) and running it for the first time , you can exit Rainmeter via its system tray icon to proceed to the next step .
Now it 's time to download and install Omnimo UI ( you can find the download link in the left sidebar on this page ) .
Advertisement
If you do n't already have the Segue UI Light font installed on your computer , you 'll need to install the included font file via the right - click menu , or by dragging it into the Fonts folder .
On my Windows 7 test machine , this font was already there , but it does n't hurt to double - check , or just re-install it to make sure .
Windows will warn you if it 's already installed , so you can just stop the installation if you get that warning .
( I 'm guessing it 's a font included by default in Windows 7 , but it may not be available in your XP machine , for example . )
Advertisement
Now that you have all of that out of the way , you can launch the Rainstaller utility included in the Omnimo download ; it will add the skins and themes to the appropriate Rainmeter folders .
You 'll want to make sure you have Rainmeter closed before running through this process .
Advertisement
When it fires up , click on the Custom Install button if you need to adjust where it installs the skins ; the Express Install should work for most people ( if you installed Rainmeter with all the defaults , for example , you should be fine choosing the Express Install ) .
When the installation is done , keep the Launch Rainmeter on exit checkbox ticked and click Finish ( well , there 's a typo , so technically you 're clicking Finnish ) .
Rainmeter will fire back up , and this time you 're looking at your newly installed Omnimo desktop — which should look very similar to the screenshot below :
Advertisement
Tweaking Omnimo
Once you 've launched Rainmeter with the Omnimo skin , you 'll be presented with the welcome screen ( above ) , and then the Gallery view ( below ) , where you can choose between loads of different panels , skins , and backgrounds .
Advertisement
Simply click the icons to add the widgets to the screen , and then drag them wherever you 'd like ; the skins change the background color of the squares , and the backgrounds put an overlay over your wallpaper , if you have one .
If you want to get back to the gallery later , you can just click the little plus symbol to open it again .
Advertisement
Now that you have the widgets on the desktop , it 's time to configure them by hovering over the widget until the tiny icons appear in the upper right - hand corner , and then using the wrench to open the configuration screen .
Not all widgets have configuration , and you should note that if you use the X to close a widget , you can always add it back from the gallery .
Advertisement
Using the wrench icon launches you into the EnigmaConfigure utility built into Rainmeter - each widget will have separate configuration parameters that you can set , like this one for choosing your Yahoo !
Weather location .
Advertisement
Some of the widgets do n't have configuration at all , but instead have an arrow that will let you rotate between views or functions .
For instance , on the web browser widget , you can use the arrow to switch the default from Internet Explorer to a browser that is n't quite as lame — or on the calendar widget , using the arrow switches between views .
Advertisement
Readers should note that using the Win+D shortcut key combination to show the desktop will also hide Rainmeter , and all of your widgets , so you 'll probably want to resort to using the Win + M shortcut key combination to minimize all windows .
Omnimo is a free download for Windows , requires Rainmeter 1.1 or higher .
Mr. Raymond ’s immediate subject was software , but his essay spoke for the age .
It was a moment when democracy seemed on the march worldwide , when “ the end of history ” had been declared by Francis Fukuyama , when new tools called Web logs , or blogs , promised to empower the little guy .
In that moment , as went the open - source technology , so went the world .
But today , in this moment of autocrat envy , as goes the world , so goes the technology .
Unfettered openness has been a near theology not merely for boosters of democracy ; it is also the defining ethos of the Internet .
But here , too , are signs of pushback and a new questioning among technophiles about the limits of openness .
In a recent essay in The New Republic , the liberal legal scholar Lawrence Lessig lashed out at “ the tyranny of transparency , ” criticizing a movement for digitally enabled openness in government that is popular with his liberal colleagues and at present holds much sway in Washington .
But Mr. Lessig argued that efforts to require legislators to post schedules online and to map votes against campaign donations , to cite two examples , can leave “ a suggestion of a sin ” and deprive legislators of breathing room to conduct their work , while eroding the public trust that disclosure was meant to bolster .
At the same time , the just - ask - the - crowd fervor of recent years — reflected in the ascendancy of blogs , citizen journalism , the “ Idol ” contest votes , Wikipedia , open - source software — appears to be cooling .
The extraordinary success of Apple ’s App Store — the tightly controlled and very - non - open - source software platform for the iPhone and iPad — has compelled some openness evangelists to reconsider .
Meanwhile , it has become clear that the revolution in user - generated content has not been very revolutionary in producing the analytical war coverage or investigative journalism that mainstream media outlets offer .
And even Wikipedia , that great symbol of the 21st - century faith in crowd wisdom , is pushing away from total openness .
To improve accuracy and avoid defamation , Wikipedia has added new layers of rules and editing , and the result has been a steady desertion by amateur editors and an increasing dominance by experts .
Volunteers who make 100 or more edits a month now account for a majority of edits , and those who make 1,000 or more account for a quarter , according to Ed H. Chi , a researcher at the Palo Alto Research Center in California .
Users who make nine edits or fewer each month are at least 15 times more likely than regulars to have their changes undone — an expert - amateur gap that has widened with time .
There is , meanwhile , an incipient backlash against unrestrained speech online .
The often appalling and hateful nature of much commentary on the Web has stirred a debate in digital circles about ridding the Internet of anonymity .
Web sites are now considering whether to require , for example , that people use real names or e-mail addresses when they speak online ( a notion being explored in China , incidentally ) , or whether to give greater prominence to people who do not hide their identities , as The Huffington Post is planning to do .
Right now , the idiosyncratic electronic musician Matthew Herbert is hard at work on One Pig , a concept album about the life and death of a pig .
Herbert 's original intent was to record everything that happened during a particular pig's life cycle , from birth to butchery .
( He could n't find a slaughterhouse that would allow him to record the pig 's death , though . )
Herbert is then turning all those sounds into music .
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals has issued a statement condemning Herbert 's project .
Herbert quotes the statement on the blog he 's dedicated to the album 's process : " No one with any true talent or creativity hurts animals to attract attention ...
Pigs are inquisitive , highly intelligent , sentient animals who become frightened when they are sent to slaughterhouses , where they kick and scream and try to escape the knife .
They are far more worthy of respect than Matthew Herbert or anyone else who thinks cruelty is entertainment . "
On the blog , Herbert responds to PETA 's attack , claiming that he 's " puzzled " .
In the long and revealing post that follows , Herbert talks about the details of the album 's creation and sheds some light on why he 's tackling this particularly gruesome subject in the first place .
He explain that the pig 's life was actually fairly pleasant , at least by pig-raised - for - slaughter standards .
Herbert also explains that the project is intended to do more than entertain .
It 's based around the idea that we , as a society , consume industrially grown food without giving much thought to how it came into being , and he wants us to pay attention to the animals that many of us eat .
He writes , " I eat meat .
As I get older , I feel less proud of that fact .
however , since I do eat meat , I think that I have a responsibility to understand the implications of that decision ...
I am hoping to attract attention to the idea that we cannot build a sustainable society with a system founded on hypocrisy . "
In the end , it seems like PETA and Herbert are basically on the same side here -- or something like the same side , anyway .
PETA wants to end cruelty to animals , and Herbert at least wants us to interrogate the ways in which we 're casually cruel to animals .
He ends the post by invoking the idea that art needs to bring up uncomfortable thoughts : " I thought art and music was , in part , supposed to endorse the idea of challenge .
Is n't part of its core purpose to struggle in public with the compromises and frictions of its time ?
The implication of this statement is that PETA would rather artists and musicians stood quietly to one side whilst such a poisonous and corrupt system cheerfully multiplied , unseen , unchallenged , unheard . "
You can read Herbert 's entire response here .
Go Vote Today for King Conservation District Supervisor
This post has been moved up :
Do you work downtown ?
Can you get to the downtown library ?
Can you get out on your lunch hour ?
GO VOTE !
What folks are calling the " most important election you 've never heard of " is held today at seven libraries in the county for an open seat on the King Conservation District 's board of supervisors .
But that 's exactly the problem :
You have to get your fanny to the library — and the only polling place in Seattle is at the downtown library .
Because most people do n't know about the election — or , hell , even what the state - mandated board does — conservatives have tried to stack the commission against environmental interests .
Last year , Republicans ballyhooed Preston Drew , who reportedly opposed a law to protect critical areas yet won by about 150 votes .
Only 2,500 people voted in the entire county .
Fuse warns that " anti-environmental conservatives have waged a successful , stealth campaign to take over seats . "
So this year , concerned it could happen again , environmentalists and progressives are throwing their weight behind Max Prinsen .
A former chair of the Conservation Board , Max Prinsen is the President of Save Habitat and Diversity of Wetlands , and he 's captured the endorsement of Washington Conservation Voters and the Sierra Club .
Basically , Max Prinsen is an environmental conservationist with the bona fides to prove it .
And this is a conservation board — this is the sort of candidate we want — not some tool beholden to development interests .
What the five - member board does :
The King Conservation District manages a $ 6.3 million dollar budget , and it works on habitat restoration , helping farmers , protecting fish , setting the boundaries for suburban sprawl , and more .
Sara Kiesler wrote about the election last month .
Info about all of the candidates , including Max Prinsen , is here .
You can vote today at the downtown Seattle library at 4th Avenue and Madison Street from 10:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m .
Here 's a list of all the polling locations .
Need more incentive ?
The Sierra Club and King County Conservation Voters are holding a " Party for Prinsen " at Sazerac , across the street from the Downtown Library on 4th and Seneca from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m. Sazerac has a happy hour — which Bethany calls " pretty much insane " — that will make you swoon .
Mark Zuckerberg 's hacking of email accounts and user profiles in 2004 could be felonies under Federal and state law , according to privacy lawyers .
As we described last week , Mark used login data of early Facebook members to break in to the private email accounts of two Harvard Crimson editors .
He also broke into the systems of competitor ConnectU and changed user profiles , also according to IMs .
Mark now oversees private data of 400 million people as the CEO of Facebook .
Questions have been raised about whether this 2004 behavior violated laws and whether users can trust the company to keep their information from being misused .
We reported the details of these hacks last Friday .
Here 's a quick recap :
In May 2004 , as a sophomore at Harvard , Mark Zuckerberg learned that the Harvard Crimson was working on a story about the founding of The Facebook.com , a site Mark had launched three months earlier that evolved into Facebook .
Mark searched the site to find users who identified themselves as members of the Crimson 's staff .
Having located several accounts , Mark then scanned a log of failed logins , which members had entered while logging on to the site .
Figuring that Facebook users might have accidentally entered the passwords to other services , such as email accounts , Mark tried the failed logins of these Harvard Crimson staffers on their email accounts .
In this way , Mark successfully accessed the private email accounts of at least two Crimson staffers and read at least 11 emails , according to the IMs we viewed .
Also in 2004 , Mark Zuckerberg hacked into the systems of a rival social network for college students , ConnectU , and deactivated some accounts .
Since first reporting these hacks last week , we asked Electronic Frontier Foundation 's top privacy lawyer , Kevin Bankston , about the legality of such behavior .
Bankston says it could have violated laws :
" An email break - in like the one that 's been alleged would likely violate the federal criminal statutes that regulate electronic privacy and prohibit computer fraud , and depending on the hacker 's motives could even rise to the level of a felony punishable by up to five years in prison . "
Specifically , lawyers tell us , Mark 's 2004 actions could have violated the following laws :
Unauthorized access to communications in electronic storage is a violation of federal law 18 USC 2701 ( a ) .
If the motive behind Mark 's actions was commercial advantage or private commercial gain , this crime is a felony -- punishable by up to five years in jail .
If the intent was not commercial , the crime is a misdemeanor , punishable by one year in jail .
Unauthorized access to a protected computer is a violation of federal law 18 USC 1030 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) .
Again , if the crime was perpetrated for commercial advantage or private commercial gain , it is punishable by up to five years in prison .
Additionally , if this law was broken in order to facilitate a second crime , such as 18 USC 2701 ( a ) , it is a felony .
The statute of limitations of both these federal laws is five years , so Mark is safe from federal prosecution .
In Massachusetts , however , the general larceny statute ( Mass . Gen. L. ch. 266 , § 30 ) , which doubles as computer fraud statute by covering theft of " electronically processed or stored data , " has a statute of limitations of 6 years .
If the value of this data exceeds $ 250 , this crime is a felony punishable by up to 5 years in prison .
The EFF attorney , Kevin Bankston , added that " these allegations -- in particular , the troubling accusation that Facebook users ' information was misused to enable the claimed email hack -- raise serious questions about whether or not 400 million people should be entrusting their online privacy to Facebook . "
We also asked Harvard University about Mark 's actions , which occurred while he was a sophomore .
Harvard would not comment specifically on this situation :
" The Administrative Board considers each case on an individual basis and we do not comment on cases involving Harvard students , faculty , or staff .
We also do not speculate on how we might respond since all decisions are based on thorough review of the specific facts presented and the students ' responses to those facts . "
Ben Edelman , a lawyer , privacy hawk , and Ph.D at Harvard Business School , was startled by the email break - in , as well as the way in which Mark Zuckerberg acquired the information necessary to do it :
No one expects a web site to retain a mistyped password , and certainly no one expects a site admin to use that password to access a user 's account on another site .
When a user logs into a site , the user rightly expects that his password is used only to authenticate his connection -- not to gain access to the user 's other accounts on other sites .
Users naturally trust that site admins will respect the confidentiality of users ' information and especially users ' passwords .
For an admin to take a user 's password , and use it to access other sites , is a serious violation of users ' expectations .
Given all this , we had three questions for Facebook :
Does Mark regret his 2004 actions ?
Facebook gave us a similar response to the one it provided last week : " We ’re not going to respond to allegations from unnamed sources . "
The company has not denied that the break - ins took place .
Does Facebook still retain users ' failed logins ?
To this question , Facebook provided a general discussion of how it views login information :
" The login is one of the most important barriers to unauthorized access to accounts .
As such , of course we do lots of analysis over how it is used and have many related sophisticated systems as a result to prevent brute force and other attacks .
However , we do not discuss these measures to protect their effectiveness . "
Does Facebook have safeguards in place to prevent all employees from improperly accessing user data , or is such access simply punishable after - the - fact ?
Facebook : " The privacy and security of our users ’ information is of paramount importance to us .
While , for security reasons , we do not publicly disclose all of the safeguards we have in place , we have advanced internal tools that restrict access to information to those who need it to do their jobs ( an example would be someone on our User Operations team who helps people fix problems with their accounts ) .
" A cross functional committee of senior employees decide on a case by case basis who gets access to these tools .
Most employees do not have access to these tools at all .
In addition , employees who are approved to access these internal tools must sign an agreement and complete an extensive training program beforehand .
Finally , we track the actions performed through internal tools , each use is logged and requires the employee to explain the purpose of his or her use , and we audit all of this regularly . "
Related :
North Korea has apparently intensified a crackdown to stem an increasing exodus of its people by picking up defectors who work along the border to help others escape .
Experts say that the North seems to have started the crackdown around November last year .
Lee Jo-won , a professor at Chungang University , said , " There is a likelihood that U Dong - chuk , the senior deputy director of the State Security Department , and Ju Sang - song , the minister of Public Security , had discussions with Chinese officials over the defector issue when they visited China late last year .
Defectors should be very careful when they go to China . "
Three or four defectors who settled in South Korea have been out of contact recently after they went to China .
A defector who supplied information on the North to a radio station has been out of contact for two months since he went to meet his North Korean source there .
The North Korean regime sent instructions to regional security agencies in early March to " thoroughly punish national traitors , including defectors . "
Since then , there have been concerted efforts in the North to ferret out and crack down on residents who have maintained links with the outside world .
Defectors ' families who lived near the border area have been relocated to inland areas , and people who had been caught talking with the outside by phone three or four years earlier were reportedly investigated again .
In a statement on March 23 , the North 's Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation , an agency for South Korean affairs , listed defectors ' organizations in South Korea which broadcast North Korea news .
It threatened that they would become " primary targets for punishment . "
Kim Sung- min , the president of Free North Korea Radio , said , " It has become very difficult to talk with our sources in the North recently . "
The North seems to believe that defectors ' activities could undermine the regime .
Defectors ' news media are broadcasting inside news on the North nearly in real time thanks to the spread of mobile phones in the North .
They reported on the North 's botched currency reform late last year faster than the National Intelligence Service .
The number of defectors living in South Korea is expected to exceed 20,000 , while up to 50,000 are believed to be in China and other countries .
To create the bitter base I use the following ingredients ( ground or chopped ) :
• gentian root
• quassia bark
• wormwood
• dandelion
For the aromatic base , I use the following ( also ground or chopped ) :
• dried Seville orange peel
• dried lemon peel
• coriander powder
• caraway powder
• aniseed powder
• cassia bark ( cinnamon )
Next , I allow both to soak in cheap vodka for differing periods of time .
Make sure your vodka is n't complete rotgut .
In other words , you should n't use a vodka brand that you would n't drink straight .
For the bitter blend , I soak the ingredients for two days ( you can taste the bitterness when its ready ) .
For the aromatic , I soak things for 10 days and then cook the ingredients for a few minutes in water after removing them from the alcohol .
I then add them back to the alcohol and let the mixture sit for another five days .
This is akin to squeezing out the last drops of flavor .
wonderferret / flickr
Please note that the final infusions contain both aromatic and bitter elements .
I just find it useful to separate them for blending purposes .
Other bartenders , such as Jamie Boudreau , may separate the blends even further and , in fact , have done some very pioneering work in creating homemade bitters .
With the basic bitter and aromatic infusions in the works , I then create a flavor infusion .
Try anything you like : hibiscus , rhubarb , or blueberries , for instance .
You can do this by soaking the ingredients in alcohol for an extended period of time or by creating a syrup .
For something like blueberries , I do n't want them to sit and steep for too long , which would make them become shriveled , pale versions of their fresh selves .
So I make syrup from the fresh blueberries with sugar and water and add it to the blended infusions .
I might also take some dried blueberries and steep them in the syrup for a touch longer to add depth of flavor .
For a heavy aromatic blend , like orange bitters , I use fresh and dried peels from both bitter and sweet oranges and allow them to sit in alcohol for much longer .
The last step is to strain the mixtures and blend them by taste .
You can add water and caramel ( sugar cooked with a little water in a pan ) at this point in the proportions you want .
For fig bitters I create a heavier aromatic profile by adding the aromatic infusion to the bitter infusion at a two to one ration and then use dried figs soaked in alcohol for the flavor .
Lastly , I add additional water and sugar .
You can order the herbs and spices online at Mountain Rose Herbs .
Just remember , whenever I 'm asked what the most important ingredient for bitters is I answer , simply : patience .
My full recipe is attached .
Good luck and please feel free to write your own recipe in the comments !
Recipe : Homemade Bitters
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The actor was one of 124 Munchkins in the film Hollywood has said goodbye to actor Meinhardt Raabe , who played the Munchkin coroner in The Wizard Of Oz. Flowers were laid on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame star dedicated to the 124 Munchkin actors , after Raabe died in Florida on Friday , aged 94 .
Playing the coroner , he was one of nine Munchkins to have had a speaking part in Oz , pronouncing the Wicked Witch of the East " most sincerely dead " .
The actor , who was 1.37 m tall , was one of the last surviving Munchkins .
When the troupe 's star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame was unveiled in 2007 , there were only seven left - most in their 80s and 90s .
Raabe attended the ceremony , dressed in a huge hat with a rolled brim , as seen in the film .
He delighted fans by reciting his most famous line : " As coroner I must aver , I thoroughly examined her .
And she 's not only merely dead .
She 's really most sincerely dead . "
The actor 's caregiver , Cindy Bosnyak , said he died in hospital on Friday .
He had complained of a sore throat at his retirement community before collapsing and going into cardiac arrest .
" He had a headful of hair at 94 and he ... remembered everything every day , " she said .
" To me he was a walking history book , very alert . "
' A perfect coroner ' Raabe was born in Watertown , Wisconsin , in 1915 , and was a member of the Midget City cast at the Chicago World 's Fair in 1934 .
He used the money from this and other appearances to pay his way through University , earning a bachelor 's degree in accounting and a master 's degree in business administration .
He married Marie Hartline , who worked for a vaudeville show called Rose 's Royal Midget Troupe , in 1946 .
She died in a car crash in 1997 .
Raabe was injured in the same accident .
Raabe was 22 years old when he landed his most famous role The Wizard Of Oz , filmed between 1938 and 39 , featured a cast of 124 Munchkins - some of whom were children .
Raabe said the pay was pitiful - " by today 's standards , people would say you were crazy to work for that , " he once noted - but enjoyed the recognition the film brought him .
In later years , he toured fan conventions and released a book , Memories of a Munchkin : An Illustrated Walk Down the Yellow Brick Road , in 2005 .
The actor lived a full life after Oz .
He was a pilot and an instructor in the Civil Air Patrol during World War II ;
He worked as a spokesman for the Oscar Mayer hot dog company for 30 years ; and he was also a horticulturalist and teacher .
But the film always remained a large presence in his life .
In 2005 , the Florida Times - Union visited his retirement home and reported that he still kept a signed photograph from Judy Garland in his room .
" For Meinhardt , " she had written .
" A perfect coroner , and person , too . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A blood - sucking bug passes on the Chagas parasite A tropical parasitic disease is becoming an increasingly common cause of stroke , experts say .
Some 18 m people worldwide have Chagas disease , caused by an infection with the parasite Trypanosoma cruzi .
Recently , researchers discovered having this disease puts the individual at increased risk of stroke due to heart complications and blood clots .
In Lancet Neurology , the Spanish team warns of a growing but neglected stroke burden as the infected population ages .
Chagas disease is endemic in Latin America .
Its prevalence in these communities is worrying
Sharlin Ahmed of The Stroke Association But emigration of millions of people to Europe , North America , Japan and Australia over the past 20 years has also made Chagas disease an emerging health problem in these countries with the potential to cause a substantial disease burden , say the investigators .
One study estimates that more than 300,000 Latin American immigrants with Chagas disease could be living in the US .
Another problem , say the research team , is that many patients with Chagas disease do not know they are infected .
Silent killer Dr Francisco Javier Carod - Artal from the Virgen de la Luz hospital in Cuenca said a recent study showed that in just under half of Chagas patients treated for a stroke had not yet been diagnosed with the infection .
He and colleague Joaquim Gascon , from Barcelona , say stroke patients from endemic countries should be screened for Chagas .
And doctors and the public need to be made aware of the increased risk of stroke with this disease .
" Clinical trials are needed , " they add , to assess if blood thinning drugs might help prevent stroke in Chagas .
Sharlin Ahmed of the Stroke Association said Chagas disease could lead to severe heart problems , which then put people at risk of stroke .
" The heart becomes weaker and is unable to pump blood as strongly resulting in the formation of blood clots , which if transported to the brain can cause a stroke .
" Its prevalence in these communities is worrying and it is vital that education on the symptoms of stroke is included as part of ongoing health awareness programs . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
He was named by security officials locally as Othman Noaman , a Yemeni student from the southern town of Taiz , who was known to the authorities .
He had been receiving training in Marib , a province to the east of Sana 'a which has become a noted al - Qaeda heartland .
Eminem is officially back with the release of “ Not Afraid ” – the first taste of his upcoming seventh album Recovery .
The track shows the acclaimed MC reflecting on his rehabilitation from drug addiction and “ facing his demons ” in a typically forthright way .
Recovery is due June 22nd .
Source : Team Supreme Music
Sting has called for the legalisation of marijuana .
The Fields of Gold singer insists America should spend the money it uses jailing users of the drug on tackling poverty and global warming .
Sting ... sounding off about marijuana .
Sting , 58 , wrote on his blog how he feels marijuana users are imprisoned for a crime that does n’t hurt anyone .
He said : " The ‘ War on Drugs ’ has failed - but it 's worse than that .
It is actively harming our society .
Violent crime is thriving in the shadows to which the drug trade has been consigned .
Add to Pad ( In 67 Pad s )
Description : Welcome to my country - Romania , region - Transylvania .
Meet Vlad Ţepeş , a Transylvanian Count , which is also known as " Vlad the Impaler " , or more commonly as " Dracula " .
" Dracula " means " The Son of the Dragon " and it's being linked to his father ( " Vlad Dracul " ) because of his joining to the " Order of the Dragon " .
Full line art , inspired by some pictures of Vlad Ţepeş .
Status : Student work
Viewed : 14866
Tags : order • dragon • voivod • king
Share :
Array ( [ actionDate ] => 2010-03-21 [ displayText ] =>
Passed / agreed to in House :
On passage Passed by recorded vote : 220 - 211 ( Roll no. 167 ) . [ externalActionCode ] => 8000 [ description ] => Passed House [ chamberOfAction ] =>
House )
Array ( [ actionDate ] => 2010-03-17 [ displayText ] =>
The House Committee on The Budget reported an original measure , H. Rept. 111-443 , by Mr. Spratt . [ externalActionCode ] => 5000 [ description ] => Introduced [ chamberOfAction ] =>
House )
Here are the steps for Status of Legislation :
There are 4 summaries for H.R.4872 .
Public Law ( 03/30/2010 ) Passed Senate amended ( 03/25/2010 ) Passed House amended ( 03/21/2010 ) Introduced in House ( 03/17/2010 )
Bill summaries are authored by CRS
Shown Here :
Public Law No : 111-152 ( 03/30/2010 )
( This measure has not been amended since it was passed by the Senate on March 25 , 2010 .
The summary of that version is repeated here . )
Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 -- ( Sec. 1001 ) Amends Internal Revenue Code provisions added by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) to revise the formula for calculating the refundable tax credit for premium assistance for coverage under a qualified health plan by establishing a sliding scale from the initial to the final premium percentage for individuals and families with household incomes up to 400 % of the federal poverty line .
Requires adjustments , after 2014 and after 2018 , of the initial and final premium percentages to reflect the excess ( if any ) of the rate of premium growth over the rate of growth of income and the consumer price index .
Reduces from 9.8 % to 9.5 % of a taxpayer 's household income the maximum amount an employee 's required contribution to an employer - sponsored plan may be for such employee to be treated as eligible for employer - sponsored minimum essential coverage .
Increases the percentage of employer cost sharing for the out - of - pocket expenses of individuals with household incomes between 100 % and 400 % of the federal poverty line .
( Sec. 1002 ) Revises the provisions setting forth penalties to be imposed on individuals who decline to purchase health care coverage by : ( 1 ) lowering the maximum penalty amount from $ 495 to $ 325 in 2015 and from $ 750 to $ 695 in 2016 ; and ( 2 ) increasing the penalty rates based on taxpayer household income for taxable years beginning in 2014 and 2015 and for taxable years beginning after 2015 .
( Sec. 1003 ) Revises the provisions setting forth penalties to be imposed on employers with 50 or more employees who decline to offer employees health care coverage to allow an exemption for the first 30 employees ( including part - time employees ) when calculating the penalty .
Increases the applicable penalty amount per employee to $ 2,000 .
Eliminates the assessment on large employers with extended waiting periods for enrollment in employer - sponsored plans .
( Sec. 1004 ) Modifies the definition of " modified adjusted gross income " for purposes of the tax credit for premium assistance and the individual responsibility requirement for purchasing health care coverage .
Extends the exclusion from gross income for employer - provided health care coverage to adult children up to age 26 .
Requires Exchanges that offer health care plans to provide the Secretary of the Treasury and taxpayers with specified information , including information about the level of coverage , the total premium for coverage , and the aggregate amount of any advance payment of the premium assistance tax credit .
Amends title XIX ( Medicaid ) of the Social Security Act to allow a disregard of 5 % of modified adjusted gross income for purposes of determining eligibility for medical assistance .
( Sec. 1005 ) Establishes a Health Insurance Reform Implementation Fund within the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) and makes appropriations to the Fund for the administrative costs of carrying out PPACA and this Act .
Subtitle B : Medicare - ( Sec. 1101 ) Amends part D ( Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program ) of title XVIII ( Medicare ) of the Social Security Act ( SSA ) to direct the Secretary of HHS to provide a one - time $ 250 rebate in 2010 to all Medicare part D enrollees who enter the Medicare part D coverage gap ( also known as the Medicare donut hole , the difference between the standard initial coverage limit and the catastrophic or out - of - pocket coverage threshold for which the Medicare beneficiary is financially responsible ) .
Amends PPACA to : ( 1 ) delay until January 1 , 2011 , the deadline for establishment of a Medicare coverage gap discount program , as well as the effective date of the requirement that a part D drug manufacturer participate in it ; and ( 2 ) repeal the increase by $ 500 in the 2010 standard initial coverage limit ( thus restoring the provisions in effect before enactment of PPACA ) .
Amends SSA title XVIII , as amended by PPACA , to reduce the coinsurance percentage for covered brand - name and generic drugs to 25 % by 2020 ( thus closing the donut hole with 75 % discounts ) .
Revises the growth rate of the out - of - pocket cost threshold .
( Sec. 1102 ) Amends PPACA to repeal : ( 1 ) certain provisions concerning Medicare Advantage ( MA ) payments , benchmarks , and capitation rates ; and ( 2 ) a requirement that the Secretary analyze the differences in coding patterns between MA and the original Medicare fee - for - service programs , and incorporate the results into risk scores for 2014 and subsequent years .
Amends SSA title XVIII to freeze MA payments in 2011 .
Reduces MA benchmarks relative to current levels , varying them from 95 % of Medicare spending in high - cost areas to 115 % of Medicare spending in low - cost areas .
Creates an incentive system to increase payments to high - quality plans by at least 5 % .
Extends the authority of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Service to adjust MA risk scores for observed differences in coding patterns relative to fee - for - service .
Repeals the Comparative Cost Adjustment Program under the Medicare Prescription Drug , Improvement , and Modernization Act of 2003 .
( Sec. 1103 ) Requires MA plans whose medical loss ratios are not at least .85 to remit to the Secretary an amount equal to a specified percentage of plan revenue .
Requires the Secretary to : ( 1 ) prohibit enrollment in such a plan of new enrollees for three consecutive contract years ; and ( 2 ) terminate the Medicare + Choice contract if the plan fails to have a .85 medical loss ratio for five consecutive contract years .
( Sec. 1104 ) Amends SSA title XVIII ( Medicare ) , as amended by PPACA , with respect to specified reductions to Medicare disproportionate share hospital ( DSH ) payments for FY2015 and ensuing fiscal years , especially to subsection ( d ) hospitals , to reflect lower uncompensated care costs relative to increases in the number of insured .
( Generally , a subsection [ d ] hospital is an acute care hospital , particularly one that receives payments under Medicare 's inpatient prospective payment system [ IPPS ] when providing covered inpatient services to eligible beneficiaries . )
Advances the beginning of such reductions from FY2015 to FY2014 .
Revises the reduction formula to lower the reduction scheduled to occur over ten years .
( Sec. 1105 ) Revises the hospital market basket reduction applicable to payments to inpatient hospitals , long - term care hospitals , inpatient rehabilitation facilities , psychiatric hospitals , and outpatient hospitals .
( Sec. 1106 ) Postpones from August 1 , 2010 , to December 31 , 2010 , the date by which physician - owned hospitals must have a provider agreement in order to participate in Medicare under a rural provider and hospital exception to the physician - ownership or - investment prohibition if they also meet certain requirements addressing conflicts of interest , bona fide investments , patient safety issues , and expansion limitations .
Modifies the expansion limitation imposed on such a rural hospital under which the number of operating rooms , procedure rooms , and beds for which the hospital is licensed at any time on or after the enactment of PPACA is no greater than the number of such rooms and beds for which the hospital is licensed as of such date .
Allows an exception to the expansion limitation for a high Medicaid hospital that treats the highest percentage of Medicaid patients in their county ( and is not the sole hospital in the county ) .
( Sec. 1107 ) Revises the special rule in the physician fee schedule for imaging services , in particular the PPACA adjustment in the practice expense relative value units with respect to advanced diagnostic imaging services to reflect a higher presumed utilization rate .
Replaces the multiyear phase - in of the assumed utilization rate from 50 % to 75 % with a flat 75 % rate for 2011 and subsequent years .
( Sec. 1108 ) Modifies the employee wage and rent portions of the practice expense geographic index adjustment for 2010 and subsequent years .
Requires such portions to reflect 1/2 ( instead of 3/4 ) of the difference between the relative costs of employee wages and rents in each of the different fee schedule areas and the national average of such employee wages and rents .
( Sec. 1109 ) Directs the Secretary to provide for a specified payment for FY2011 and FY2012 to qualifying subsection ( d ) hospitals located in a county that ranks , based upon age , sex , and race adjusted spending per enrollee for Medicare parts A and B benefits , within the lowest quartile of such counties in the United States .
Subtitle C : Medicaid - ( Sec. 1201 ) Amends SSA title XIX ( Medicaid ) , as amended by PPACA , to repeal the permanent 100 % federal matching rate ( federal medical assistance percentage [ FMAP ] ) for Nebraska for the Medicaid costs of newly eligible mandatory individuals ( expansion populations ) .
Provides federal Medicaid matching payments for the costs of services to expansion populations at the following rates in all states : ( 1 ) 100 % in 2014 , 2015 , and 2016 ; ( 2 ) 95 % in 2017 ; ( 3 ) 94 % in 2018 ; ( 4 ) 93 % in 2019 ; and ( 5 ) 90 % thereafter .
Reduces , in the case of expansion states , the state share of the costs of covering nonpregnant childless adults by 50 % in 2014 , 60 % in 2015 , 70 % in 2016 , 80 % in 2017 , 90 % in 2018 .
( Sec. 1202 ) Requires that Medicaid payment rates to primary care physicians ( family medicine , general internal medicine , or pediatric medicine ) for furnishing primary care services in 2013 and 2014 be at least 100 % of Medicare payment rates under both fee - for - service plans and managed - care plans .
Requires a 100 % FMAP for the costs to states of meeting this requirement .
( Sec. 1203 ) Lowers the reduction in federal Medicaid DSH payments and advances the reductions to begin in FY2014 .
Directs the Secretary to develop a methodology for reducing federal DSH allotments to all states in order to achieve the mandated reductions .
Extends through FY2013 the federal DSH allotment for a state that has a $ 0 allotment after FY2011 .
( Sec. 1204 ) Authorizes Puerto Rico , Virgin Islands , Guam , American Samoa , and the Northern Mariana Islands to elect to operate a Health Benefits Exchange .
Increases federal Medicaid payments to such territories .
Raises the caps on federal Medicaid funding for each of the territories .
( Sec. 1205 ) Postpones from October 1 , 2010 , until October 1 , 2011 , the effective date of the Community First Choice option established for state Medicaid programs to offer home and community - based attendant services and supports to Medicaid beneficiaries with disabilities who would otherwise require care in a hospital , nursing facility , intermediate care facility for the mentally retarded , or an institution for mental diseases .
( Sec. 1206 ) Revises the definition of a new formulation of an existing drug , for purposes of applying the additional rebate , to specify a line extension of a single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug that is an oral solid dosage form of the drug .
Subtitle D : Reducing Fraud , Waste , and Abuse - ( Sec. 1301 ) Revises the meaning of a community mental health center that provides Medicare partial hospitalization services as a distinct and organized intensive ambulatory treatment service offering less than 24 - hour - daily care .
Establishes new requirements for such community mental health centers .
Requires such a center to provide : ( 1 ) daily care other than in an individual 's home or in an inpatient or residential setting ; and ( 2 ) at least 40 % of its services to individuals who are not eligible for Medicare benefits .
( Sec. 1302 ) Repeals Medicare prepayment medical review limitations to facilitate additional reviews designed to reduce fraud and abuse .
( Sec. 1303 ) Makes additional appropriations to the Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Account of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund for FY2011 - FY2016 .
Makes additional appropriations to the Medicare Integrity Program for FY2010 and each subsequent year , indexed for inflation .
( Sec. 1305 ) Revises requirements for the enrollment process for Medicare service providers and suppliers .
Requires the Secretary to : ( 1 ) withhold payment for a 90 - day period after submission of a claim ; and ( 2 ) conduct enhanced oversight in cases where the Secretary identifies a significant risk of fraud among newly enrolling durable medical equipment ( DME ) suppliers in a particular category or geographical area .
Subtitle E : Provisions Relating to Revenue - ( Sec. 1401 ) Amends the Internal Revenue Code to delay until 2018 the excise tax on high cost employer - sponsored health coverage plans .
Increases the dollar thresholds for such tax to $ 10,200 for self - only coverage and $ 27,500 for other than self - only coverage ( family plans ) .
Increases such threshold amounts for retirees and employees in high risk professions .
Excludes separate dental and vision plans from such tax .
Allows employers to reduce the cost of plan coverage when applying such tax based upon the age and gender characteristics of all plan employees .
( Sec. 1402 ) Includes net investment income in the Medicare taxable base and imposes a 3.8 % tax on such income , beginning in 2013 .
Excludes from such tax the net investment income of taxpayers with adjusted gross incomes of less than $ 200,000 ( $ 250,000 for joint returns ) .
Defines " net investment income " to include interest , dividends , annuities , royalties , rents , passive income , and net gain from the disposition of nonbusiness property .
( Sec. 1403 ) Amends PPACA to delay until 2013 the $ 2,500 limitation on annual salary reduction contributions by an employee to a health flexible spending arrangement under a cafeteria plan .
Delays until 2014 the annual inflation adjustment to such limitation amount .
( Sec. 1404 ) Delays until 2011 the fee on sales of branded prescription drugs .
Sets forth a schedule of applicable amounts for 2011 through 2018 upon which such fee is based .
( Sec. 1405 ) Imposes a tax on sales after 2012 of any taxable medical device by the manufacturer , producer , or importer equal to 2.3 % of the price for which such device is sold .
Defines " taxable medical device " as any device intended for humans , except eyeglasses , contact lenses , hearing aids , and any other medical device generally purchased by the general public at retail .
Repeals the excise tax on medical devices enacted by PPACA .
( Sec. 1406 ) Delays until 2014 the annual fee on the net premium income of health insurance providers .
Allows a reduced fee for tax - exempt insurance providers .
Sets forth a schedule of applicable amounts upon which such fee is based for calendar years between 2014 and 2018 .
Imposes a penalty on health insurance providers who understate net premium income subject to such tax .
( Sec. 1407 ) Delays until 2013 the elimination of the tax deduction for expenses allocable to the Medicare Part D subsidy .
( Sec. 1408 ) Revises the definition of " cellulosic biofuel " for purposes of the cellulosic biofuel producer tax credit to exclude any fuel if more than 4 % of such fuel is any combination of water and sediment or the ash content of such fuel is more than 1 % ( determined by weight ) .
( Sec. 1409 ) Sets forth rules for the application of the economic substance doctrine to transactions affecting taxpayer liability .
Treats a transaction as having economic substance if : ( 1 ) the transaction changes in a meaningful way the taxpayer 's economic position ; and ( 2 ) the taxpayer has a substantial purpose , other than tax avoidance , for entering into a transaction .
Imposes penalties for underpayments attributable to transactions lacking economic substance .
( Sec. 1410 ) Increases by 15.75 % in the third quarter of 2014 , the estimated tax payment of corporations with assets of $ 1 billion or more .
Subtitle F : Other Provisions - ( Sec. 1501 ) Amends the Trade Act of 1974 to make appropriations for the community college and career training grant program for FY2011 - FY2014 .
Requires that states receive not less than .5 % of amounts appropriated in each fiscal year .
Title II : Education and Health - Subtitle A : Education - SAFRA
Act - Part I : Investing in Students and Families - ( Sec. 2101 ) Amends the Higher Education
Act of 1965 to authorize and appropriate such sums as may be necessary to fully fund maximum Pell Grant amounts , beginning in FY2010 .
Authorizes and appropriates an additional amount for FY2011 .
Establishes a new formula for determining increases in the maximum Pell Grant award beginning with the 2013 - 2014 school year .
Ties increases in the maximum Pell Grant amount , from the 2013 - 2014 school year through the 2017 - 2018 school year , to increases in the Consumer Price Index .
( Sec. 2102 ) Authorizes and appropriates funds for the College Access Challenge Grant program for FY2010 - FY2014 .
Terminates the authority of the Secretary of Education ( Secretary , for purposes of this subtitle ) to award grants under such program after FY2014 .
Increases the minimum state allotment under such program from 0.5 % to 1 % of the total amount appropriated for such program in a fiscal year .
( Sec. 2103 ) Extends funding for grants to historically Black colleges and universities and other minority - serving institutions through FY2019 .
Terminates the Secretary 's authority to award such grants after FY2019 .
Part II : Student Loan Reform - ( Sec. 2201 ) Prohibits any new loans from being made or insured under the Federal Family Education Loan ( FFEL ) program after June 2010 , including payments to reduce student costs and FFEL Plus Loans .
( Sec. 2206 ) Allows borrowers who have loans under both the Direct Loan ( DL ) and FFEL programs , or who have a loan under either program as well as an FFEL that has been sold to the Secretary , to consolidate such loans under the DL program from July 2010 through June 2011 , if the borrower has not begun repaying such loans .
( Sec. 2207 ) Terminates after June 2010 unsubsidized Stafford Loans for middle - income borrowers and special allowances .
( Sec. 2209 ) Requires DLs for students and the parents of students attending institutions of higher education ( IHEs ) outside of the United States to be disbursed through a financial institution located or operating in the United States which is designated by the Secretary to receive DL funds and transfer them to such schools .
( Sec. 2212 ) Directs the Secretary to : ( 1 ) award DL servicing contracts to nonprofit servicers that meet certain federal standards and have the capacity to service their loan account allocation ; ( 2 ) allocate the loan accounts of 100,000 borrowers to each of the nonprofit servicers ; and ( 3 ) establish a separate pricing tier for each of the first 100,000 borrower loan accounts at a competitive market rate .
Permits the Secretary to reallocate , increase , reduce , or terminate a nonprofit servicers allocation based on the performance of such servicer .
Makes nonprofit servicers ineligible for such contracts if they have not been awarded such a contract before July 1 , 2014 , or have had their contract terminated and not been awarded a new contract before such date .
Provides funding to the Secretary , from FY2010 - FY2019 , for the administrative costs of servicing such contracts .
Directs the Secretary to provide IHEs with technical assistance in establishing and administering DL programs .
Authorizes and appropriates FY2010 funding for the provision of such assistance .
Requires the Secretary to provide payments to loan servicers for retaining jobs at locations in the United States where such servicers were operating under the FFEL program on January 1 , 2010 .
Authorizes and appropriates FY2010 - FY2011 funding for the provision of such payments .
( Sec. 2213 ) Lowers the cap on annual , income - based student loan repayments for new borrowers after July 1 , 2014 from 15 % to 10 % of the amount by which a borrower 's and the borrower 's spouse 's adjusted gross income exceeds 150 % of the poverty line .
Requires the Secretary to forgive the remaining balance of such loans after 20 ( currently , 25 ) years of repayment .
Subtitle B : Health - ( Sec. 2301 ) Amends the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) to apply to grandfathered health plans for plan years beginning on or after January 1 , 2014 , provisions that prohibit a health plan from applying any waiting period for coverage that exceeds 90 days .
( A grandfathered health plan is a group health plan or health insurance coverage in which an individual was enrolled on the date of enactment of PPACA . )
Applies to grandfathered health plans for plan years beginning on or after six months after enactment of PPACA provisions that : ( 1 ) prohibit a health plan from establishing lifetime limits on the dollar value of benefits for any participant or beneficiary ; ( 2 ) prohibit a health plan from rescinding coverage of an enrollee except in the case of fraud or intentional misrepresentation of material fact ; and ( 3 ) require a health plan that provides dependent coverage of children to make such coverage available for an adult child under 26 years of age .
Applies to grandfathered group health plans for plan years beginning on or after January 1 , 2014 , provisions that : ( 1 ) prohibit a health plan from establishing annual limits on the dollar value of benefits for any participant or beneficiary , except that restrictions on annual limits apply for plan years beginning on or after six months after enactment of PPACA ; and ( 2 ) prohibit a health plan from imposing any preexisting condition exclusions , except that such requirements apply for plan years beginning on or after six months after enactment of PPACA for enrollees under 19 years of age .
Requires grandfathered group health plans for plan years beginning before January 1 , 2014 , to provide dependent coverage to an adult child until age 26 only if such child is not eligible to enroll in an employer - sponsored health plan other than such grandfathered health plan .
Repeals the requirement that an adult child be unmarried in order to qualify for dependent coverage until age 26 .
( Sec. 2302 ) Limits the 340B drug discount program to outpatients drugs and removes exceptions to the prohibition on enrolled hospitals obtaining covered outpatient drugs through a group purchasing organization or a group purchasing arrangement ( thus restoring the provisions in effect before enactment of PPACA ) .
Excludes certain drugs designated for a rare disease or condition as covered outpatient drugs for covered entities added to the program under PPACA .
( Sec. 2303 ) Increases the authorization of appropriations for FY2011 - FY2015 to the Community Health Center Fund to provide enhanced funding for the community health center program .
When going to college many years ago , I decided to challenge myself by setting a goal to see if I could graduate in only three semesters , taking the same classes that people would normally take over a four - year period .
This article explains in detail all the time management techniques I used to successfully pull this off .
In order to accomplish this goal , I determined I ’d have to take 30 - 40 units per semester , when the average student took 12 - 15 units .
It became immediately obvious that I ’d have to manage my time extremely well if I wanted to pull this off .
I began reading everything I could find on time management and putting what I learned into practice .
I accomplished my goal by graduating with two Bachelor of Science degrees ( computer science and mathematics ) in just three semesters without attending summer school .
I slept seven to eight hours a night , took care of my routine chores ( shopping , cooking , etc ) , had a social life , and exercised for 30 minutes every morning .
In my final semester , I even held a full time job ( 40 hours a week ) as a game programmer and served as the Vice Chair of the local Association of Computing Machinery ( ACM ) chapter while taking 37 units of mostly senior - level computer science and math courses .
My classmates would add up all the hours they expected each task to take and concluded that my weeks must have consisted of about 250 hours .
I graduated with a 3.9 GPA and also received a special award given to the top computer science student each year .
One of my professors later told me that they had an easy time selecting the award recipient once it became clear to them what I was doing .
I was n’t considered a gifted child , and this was the first time I had ever done anything like this .
I did n’t have any personal mentors helping me , I did n’t know of anyone who ’d done anything like this before , and I ca n’t recall a single person encouraging me to do it .
In fact , most people were highly discouraging of the idea when I told them about it .
This was simply something I decided to do for myself .
If you want a better understanding of where I was at this time in my life and why I decided to attempt such a crazy thing , you might enjoy reading The Meaning of Life : Intro , which includes the full background story and more details about my motivation for doing this .
It took a lot of convincing to get the computer science department chair to approve my extra units every semester , and my classmates often assumed I was either cheating or that I had a twin or that I was just mentally unstable ( I get accused of that last one pretty much every week , so maybe there ’s some truth to it ) .
Most of the time I kept quiet about what I was doing , but if someone asked me how many units I was taking , I did n’t deny it .
I was perhaps the only student at the university with a two - page class schedule , so it was easy to prove I was telling the truth if anyone pressed me , but rarely did I ever do so .
I did n’t tell you this story to impress you but rather to make you curious as to how I did it .
I pulled this off by applying time management concepts that most people simply did n’t know but that were readily available in books and audio programs at the time ( 1992 -93 ) .
The time management habits I learned in college have served me very well in building my business , so I want to share them with you in the hopes that you ’ll find them equally valuable .
They allowed me to shave years off my schooling while also giving me about $ 30,000 to start my business ( all earned in my final semester as a game programmer , mostly from royalties ) .
Without further ado , here ’s the best of what I ’ve learned about mastering time management :
Clarity Is Key
The first step is to know exactly what you want .
In a Tae Kwon
Do studio where I used to train , there ’s a huge sign on the wall that says , “ Your goal is to become a black belt . ”
This helps remind each student why s/he is going through such difficult training .
When you work for yourself , it ’s easy to spend a whole day at your desk and accomplish nothing of value .
This almost always happens when you are n’t really clear about what it is you ’re trying to do .
In the moments when you regain your awareness , ask yourself , “ What exactly is it that I ’m trying to accomplish here ? ”
You must know your destination with as much clarity as possible .
Make your goals specific , and put them in writing .
Your goals must be so clear that it would be possible for a stranger to look at your situation objectively and give you an absolute “ yes ” or “ no ” response as to whether you ’ve accomplished each goal or not .
If you cannot define your destination precisely , how will you know when you ’ve arrived ?
The key period I ’ve found useful for defining and working on specific goals is ninety days , or the length of one season .
In that period of time , you can make dramatic and measurable changes if you set crystal clear goals .
Take a moment to stop and write down a snapshot description of how you want your life to be ninety days from now .
What will your monthly income be ?
How much will you weigh ?
Who will your friends be ?
Where will you be in your career ?
What will your relationship be like ?
What will your web site look like ?
Be specific .
Absolute clarity will give you the edge that will keep you on course .
Just as an airplane on autopilot must make constant corrections to stay on course , you must periodically retarget your goals .
Reconnect with your clear , written goals by re-reading them every morning .
Post them on your walls , especially your financial goals .
Years ago ( during the mid-90s ) , I went around my apartment putting up signs in every room that said “ $ 5,000 / month . ”
That was my monthly business income goal at the time .
Because I knew exactly what I wanted , I achieved that goal within a few weeks .
I continued setting specific income goals , even amidst occasional setbacks , and I found this process very effective .
It was n’t just that it helped me focus on what I wanted — perhaps even more important is that it made it easy for me to disregard those things that were n’t on the path to my goal .
For example , if you set a goal to earn $ 10,000 / month , this can help you stop doing those things that will only earn you $ 5000 / month .
If you are n’t yet at the point of clarity , then make that your first goal .
It ’s a big waste of time to go through life being unclear about what you want .
Most people wallow way too long in the state of “ I do n’t know what to do . ”
They wait for some external force to provide them with clarity , never realizing that clarity is self - created .
The universe is waiting on you , not the other way around , and it ’s going to keep waiting until you finally make up your mind .
Waiting for clarity is like being a sculptor staring at a piece of marble , waiting for the statue within to cast off the unneeded pieces .
Do not wait for clarity to spontaneously materialize — grab a chisel and get busy !
Be Flexible
There ’s a key difference between knowing your destination and knowing the path you will take to get there .
A typical commercial airplane is off course 90 % of the time , yet it almost always arrives at its destination because it knows exactly where it ’s going and makes constant corrections along the way .
You can not know the exact path to your goal in advance .
I believe that the real purpose of planning is simply so that you remain convinced that a possible path exists .
We ’ve all heard the statistic that 80 % of new businesses fail in their first five years , but a far more interesting statistic is that nearly all of the businesses that succeeded did not do so in the original way they had intended .
If you look at successful businesses that started with business plans , you will commonly find that their original plans failed miserably and that they only succeeded by trying something else .
It is said that no business plan survives contact with the marketplace .
I like to generalize this to say that no plan survives contact with the real world .
Renowned author and business consultant Stephen Covey often uses the expression , “ integrity in the moment of choice . ”
What that means is that you should not follow your plans blindly without conscious awareness of your goals .
For instance , let ’s say you ’re following your plans nicely — so far so good — and then an unforeseen opportunity arises .
Do you stick to your original plan , thereby missing the opportunity , or do you stop and go after the opportunity , thereby throwing yourself off schedule ?
This is where you have to stop and reconnect with your goals to decide which is the better course .
No plan should be followed blindly .
As soon as you gain new knowledge that could invalidate the plan , you must exercise integrity in the moment of choice .
Sometimes you can reach your goals faster by taking advantage of shortcuts that arise unexpectedly .
Other times you should stick to your original plans and avoid minor distractions that would take you further from your goals .
Be tight on your goals but flexible on your plans .
I believe that having a clear goal is far more important than having a clear plan .
In school I was very clear about my end goal — graduate college in only three semesters — but my plans were in a constant state of flux .
Every day I would be informed of new assignments , projects , or tests , and I had to adapt to this ever - changing sea of activity .
If I tried to make a long - term plan for each semester , it would have been rendered useless within 24 hours .
Use Single Handling
Instead of using some elaborate organizing system , I stuck with a very basic pen and paper to - do list .
My only organizing tool was a notepad where I wrote down all my assignments and their deadlines .
I did n’t worry about doing any advance scheduling or prioritizing .
I would simply scan the list to select the most pressing item which fit the time I had available .
Then I ’d complete it , and cross it off the list .
If I had a 10 - hour term paper to write , I would do the whole thing at once instead of breaking it into smaller tasks .
I ’d usually do large projects on weekends .
I ’d go to the library in the morning , do the necessary research , and then go back to my dorm room and continue working until the final text was rolling off my printer .
If I needed to take a break , I would take a break .
It did n’t matter how big the project was supposed to be or how many weeks the professor allowed for it .
Once I began an assignment , I would stay with it until it was 100 % complete and ready to be turned in .
This simple practice saved me a significant amount of time .
First , it allowed me to concentrate deeply on each assignment and to work very efficiently while I worked .
A lot of time is lost in task switching because you have to re-load the context for each new task .
Single handling minimizes time lost in task switching .
In fact , when possible I would batch up my assignments within a certain subject area and then do them all at once before switching subjects .
So I ’d do all my math homework in a row until it was all done .
Then I ’d do all my programming assignments .
Then I ’d do my general education homework .
In this manner I would put my brain into math - mode , programming - mode , writing - mode , or art - mode and remain in that single mode for as long as possible .
Secondly , I believe this habit helped me remain relaxed and unstressed because my mind was n’t cluttered with so many to - do items .
It was always just one thing at a time .
I could forget about anything that was outside the current context .
Failure Is Your Friend
Most people seem to have an innate fear of failure , but failure is really your best friend .
People who succeed also fail a great deal because they make a lot of attempts .
The great baseball player Babe Ruth held the homerun record and the strikeout record at the same time .
Those who have the most successes also have the most failures .
There is nothing wrong or shameful in failing .
The only regret lies in never making the attempt .
So do n’t be afraid to experiment in your attempts to increase productivity .
Sometimes the quickest way to find out if something will work is to jump right in and do it .
You can always make adjustments along the way .
It ’s the ready - fire - aim approach , and surprisingly , it works a lot better than the more common ready - aim - fire approach .
The reason is that after you ’ve “ fired ” once , you have some actual data with which to adjust your aim .
Too many people get bogged down in planning and thinking and never get to the point of action .
How many potentially great ideas have you passed up because you got stuck in the state of analysis paralysis ( i.e. ready - aim - aim - aim - aim - aim … ) ?
During college I tried a lot of crazy ideas that I thought might save me time .
I continued reading time management material and applying what I learned , but I also devised some original ideas .
Most of my own ideas were flops , but some of them worked .
I was willing to fail again and again for the off chance I might stumble upon something that gave me an extra boost .
Understand that failure is not the opposite of success .
Failure is an essential part of success .
Once you succeed , no one will remember your failures anyway .
Microsoft was n’t Bill Gates ’ and Paul Allen ’s first business venture .
Who remembers that their original Traf - o - Data business was a flop ?
The actor Jim Carey was booed off many a stage while a young comedian .
We have electric light bulbs because Thomas Edison refused to give up even after 10,000 failed experiments .
If the word “ failure ” is anathema to you , then reframe it :
You either succeed , or you have a learning experience .
Letting go of the fear of failure will serve you well .
If you ’re excited about achieving a particular goal , but you ’re afraid you might not be able to pull it off , jump on it and do it anyway .
Even if you fail in your attempt , you ’ll learn something valuable and can make a better attempt next time .
If you look at people who are successful in business today , you will commonly see that many of them had a string of dismal failures before finally hitting on something that worked , myself included .
And I think most of these people will agree that those early failure experiences were an essential contributing factor in their future successes .
My advice to anyone starting a new business is to begin pumping out products or devising services and do n’t worry much about whether they ’ll be hits .
They probably wo n’t be .
But you ’ll learn a lot more by doing than you ever will by thinking .
Do It Now !
W. Clement Stone , who built an insurance empire worth hundreds of millions dollars , would make all his employees recite the phrase , “ Do it now ! ” again and again at the start of each workday .
Whenever you feel the tendency towards laziness taking over and you remember something you should be doing , stop and say out loud , “ Do it now !
Do it now !
Do it now ! ” I often set this text as my screensaver .
There is a tremendous cost in putting things off because you will mentally revisit them again and again , which can add up to an enormous amount of wasted time .
Thinking and planning are important , but action is far more important .
You do n’t get paid for your thoughts and plans — you only get paid for your results .
When in doubt , act boldly , as if it were impossible to fail .
In essence , it is .
It is absolutely imperative that you develop the habit of making decisions as soon as possible .
I use a 60 - second rule for almost every decision I have to make , no matter how big or important .
Once I have all the data to make a decision , I start a timer and give myself only 60 seconds to make a firm decision .
I ’ll even flip a coin if I have to .
When I was in college , I could n’t afford to waste time thinking about assignments or worrying about when to do them .
I simply picked one and went to work on it .
And today when I need to decide which article to write next , I just pick a topic and begin writing .
I believe this is why I never experience writer ’s block .
Writer ’s block means you ’re stuck in the state of thinking about what to write instead of actually writing .
I do n’t waste time thinking about writing because I ’m too busy writing .
This is probably why I ’ve been able to write hundreds of original articles very easily .
Every article I write spawns ideas for at least two more , so my ideas list only increases over time .
I cannot imagine ever running out of original content .
Too often people delay making decisions when there is no advantage to be found in that delay .
Usually delaying a decision will only have negative consequences , so even if you ’re faced with ambiguity , just bite the bullet and make a decision .
If it turns out to be the wrong one , you ’ll know it soon enough .
Many people probably spend more than 60 seconds just deciding what they ’ll eat for dinner .
If I ca n’t decide what to eat , I just grab an apple or a couple bananas and start eating , and sometimes I ’m full of fruit before I figure out what I really would like to eat .
So my brain knows that if it wants something other than fruit , it had better decide quickly .
If you can speed up the pace of making decisions , you can spend the rest of your time on action .
One study showed that the best managers in the world tend to have an extremely high tolerance for ambiguity .
In other words , they are able to act boldly on partial and / or conflicting data .
Many industries today have accelerated to such a rapid pace that by the time you have perfect data with which to make any decision , the opportunity is probably long gone .
Where you have no data to fall back on , rely on your own personal experience and intuition .
If a decision can be made right away , make the decision as soon as it comes up .
If you ca n’t make a decision right away , set aside a time where you will consider the options and make the decision .
Pour the bulk of your time into action , not deciding .
The state of indecision is a major time waster .
Do n’t spend more than 60 seconds in that state if you can avoid it .
Make a firm , immediate decision , and move from uncertainty to certainty to action .
Let the world tell you when you ’re wrong , and you ’ll soon build enough experience to make accurate , intelligent decisions .
Triage Ruthlessly
Get rid of everything that wastes your time .
Use the trash can liberally .
Apply the rule , “ When in doubt , throw it out . ”
Cancel useless magazine subscriptions .
If you have a magazine that is more than two months old and you still have n’t read it , throw it away ; it ’s probably not worth reading .
Realize that nothing is free if it costs you time .
Before you sign up for any new free service or subscription , ask how much it will cost you in terms of time .
Every activity has an opportunity cost .
Ask , “ Is this activity worth what I am sacrificing for it ? ”
In college I was downright brutal when it came to triage .
I once told a professor that I decided not to do one of his assigned computer science projects because I felt it was n’t a good use of my time .
The project required about 10 - 20 hours of tedious gruntwork that was n’t going to teach me anything I did n’t already know .
Also , this project was only worth 10 % of my grade in that class , and since I was previously acing the class anyway , the only real negative consequence would be that I ’d end up with an A - in the course instead of an A .
I told the professor I felt that was a fair trade - off and that I would accept the A - .
I did n’t try to negotiate with him for special treatment .
So my official grade in the class was an A- , but I personally gave myself an A + for putting those 10 - 20 hours to much better use .
Ask yourself this question : “ Would I have ever gotten started with this project , relationship , career , etc. if I had to do it all over again , knowing what I now know ? ”
If your answer is no , then get out as soon as possible .
This is called zero - based thinking .
I know a lot of people that have a limiting belief that says , “ Always finish what you start . ”
They spend years climbing ladders only to realize when they reach the top that the ladder was leaning against the wrong building .
Remember that failure is your friend .
So if a certain decision you ’ve made in the past is no longer producing results that serve you , then be ruthless and dump it , so you can move onto something better .
There is no honor in dedicating your life to the pursuit of a goal which no longer inspires you .
This is another situation where you must practice integrity in the moment of choice .
You must constantly re-assess your present situation to accurately decide what to do next .
Whatever you ’ve decided in the past is largely irrelevant if you would not renew that decision today .
Identify and Recover Wasted Time
Instead of watching a one - hour TV show , tape it and watch it in 45 minutes by fast - forwarding through the commercials .
Do n’t spend a half hour typing a lengthy email when you could accomplish the same thing with a 10 - minute phone call .
Batch your errands together and do them all at once .
During the summer between my second and third semesters , I found an apartment across the street from campus that was slightly closer to the engineering building than my on - campus dorm room .
So I moved out of the dorms and into that apartment , which saved me some walking / biking time every day .
I was also moving from a two - bedroom dorm which I shared with two roommates into a smaller single - person studio apartment .
This new apartment was much more efficient .
For example , I could work on programming assignments while cooking dinner because my desk was only a few steps from the stove .
Trying to cut out time - wasting habits is a common starting point for people who desire to become more efficient , but I think this is a mistake .
Optimizing your personal habits should only come later .
Clarity of purpose must come first .
If you do n’t have clarity , then your attempts to install more efficient habits and to break inefficient habits will only fizzle .
You wo n’t have a strong enough reason to put your time to good use , so it will be easy to quit when things get tough .
You need a big , attractive goal to stay motivated .
The reason to shave 15 minutes off a task is that you ’re overflowing with motivation to put that 15 minutes to better use .
For example , you might have a career you sort of like , but most likely it ’s not so compelling that you ’ll care enough about saving an extra 15 minutes here and there , even if your total savings might amount to a few hours each day .
But if you ’ve taken the time to develop a sense of purpose that reaches deep into your soul , you ’ll be automatically motivated to put your time to better use .
If you get the highest level of your life in order ( purpose , meaning , spiritual beliefs ) , the lower levels will tend to self - optimize ( habits , practices , actions ) .
Apply the 80 - 20 Rule
Also known as the Pareto Principle , the 80 - 20 rule states that 20 % of a task ’s effort accounts for 80 % of the value of that task .
This also means that 80 % of a task only yields 20 % of the value of that task .
In college I was ruthless in my application of this principle .
Some weeks I ditched as many as 40 % of my classes because sitting through a lecture was often not the most effective way for me to learn .
And I already noted that I would simply refuse to do an assignment if I determined it was not worth my time .
There was one math class that I only showed up to twice because I could learn from the text book much more quickly than from the lectures .
I only showed up for the midterm and final .
I would pop my head in at the beginning of each class to drop off my homework and then again at the end of each class to write down the next assignment .
I actually got the highest grade in that class , but the teacher probably had no idea who I was .
The other students were playing by the rules , not realizing they were free to make their own rules .
Find out what parts of your life belong in the crucial 20 % , and focus your efforts there .
Be absolutely ruthless in refusing to spend time where it simply cannot give you optimal results .
Invest your time where it has the potential to pay off big .
Guard Thy Time
To work effectively you need uninterrupted blocks of time in which you can complete meaningful work .
When you know for certain that you wo n’t be interrupted , your productivity is much , much higher .
When you sit down to work on a particularly intense task , dedicate blocks of time to the task during which you will not do anything else .
I ’ve found that a minimum of 90 minutes is ideal for a single block .
You may need to negotiate with the other people in your life to create these uninterrupted blocks of time .
If necessary , warn others in advance not to interrupt you for a certain period of time .
Threaten them with acts of violence if you must .
In school I would lock my bedroom door when I needed to work , so my roommates would know not to disturb me .
While each individual bedroom in the two - bedroom dorm suites was designed for two people ( four people per suite ) , I paid a bit extra to have a bedroom all to myself .
This way I always had my own private room to work .
When I had time to be social , I ’d leave the door open , sometimes playing computer games with one of my roommates .
If you happen to work in a high interruption environment that ’s negatively affecting your productivity , change that environment at all costs .
Some people have told me that giving their boss a copy of this article helped convince him / her to take steps to reduce unnecessary interruptions .
While for some people it ’s helpful to block off a specific period of time for a task , I find that I work best with long , open - ended stretches of uninterrupted time .
I ’ll often allocate a starting time for a task but usually not a specific finishing time .
Whenever possible I just allow myself to stick with a task as long as I can , until I eventually succumb to hunger or other bodily needs .
I will frequently work 6 + hours straight on a project without taking a break .
While frequent breaks are often recommended to increase productivity , I feel that suggestion may be an artifact of industrial age research on poorly motivated workers and not as applicable to high - motivation , purpose - driven creative work .
I find it ’s best for me to maintain momentum until I can barely continue instead of chopping a task into smaller chunks where there ’s a risk of succumbing to distractions along the way .
The state of flow , where you are totally absorbed in a task and lose all sense of time , takes about 15 minutes to enter .
Every time you get interrupted , it can take you another 15 minutes to get back to that state .
Once you enter the state of flow , guard it with your life .
That is the state in which you will go through enormous amounts of work and experience total connection with the task .
When I ’m in this state , I have no sense of past or future .
I simply feel like I ’m one with my work .
While sometimes I suffer from the problem of the task expanding to fill the allotted time ( aka Parkinson ’s Law ) , I often find that it ’s worth the risk .
For example , when I do optimization work on my web site , I ’ll frequently think of new optimization ideas while I work , and I ’ll usually go ahead and implement those new ideas immediately .
I find it more efficient to act on those ideas at the moment of conception instead of scheduling them to be done at a later time .
Work All the Time You Work
During one of these sacred time blocks , do nothing but the activity that ’s right in front of you .
Do n’t check email or online forums or do web surfing .
If you have this temptation , then unplug your Internet connection while you work .
Turn off your phone , or simply refuse to answer it .
Go to the bathroom before you start , and make sure you wo n’t get hungry for a while .
Do n’t get out of your chair at all .
Do n’t talk to anyone during this time .
Decide what it is you should be doing , and then do nothing but that .
If you happen to manage others , periodically ask them what their # 1 task is , and make sure they ’re doing nothing but that .
If you see someone answering email , then it should be the most important thing for that person to be doing at that particular time .
If not , then relatively speaking , that person is just wasting time .
If you need a break , then take a real break and do nothing else .
Do n’t semi - work during a break if you feel you need rest and restoration .
Checking email or web surfing is not a break .
When you take a break , close your eyes and do some deep breathing , listen to relaxing music and zone out for a while , take a 20 - minute nap , or eat some fresh fruit .
Rest until you feel capable of doing productive work again .
When you need rest , rest .
When you should be working , work .
Work with either 100 % concentration , or do n’t work at all .
It ’s perfectly fine to take as much down time as you want .
Just do n’t allow your down time to creep into your work time .
Multitask
The amount of new knowledge in certain fields is increasing so rapidly that everything you know about your line of work is probably becoming obsolete .
The only solution is to keep absorbing new knowledge as rapidly as possible .
Many of the skills I use in my business today did n’t even exist five years ago .
The best way I know to keep up is to multitask whenever possible by reading and listening to audio programs .
When watching TV , read a computer magazine during commercials .
If you ’re a male , read while shaving .
I use an electric shaver and read during the 2 - 3 minutes it takes me to shave each day .
This allows me to get through about two extra articles a week — that ’s 100 extra articles a year .
This habit is really easy to start .
Just grab a couple magazines , or print out some articles you would n’t otherwise have time to read , and put them in your bathroom .
Whenever you go out , carry at least one folded up article with you .
If you ever have to wait in line , such as at the post office or the grocery store , pull out the article and read it .
You will be amazed at how much extra knowledge you can absorb just by reading during other non-mental activities .
Listen to educational audio programs whenever you can .
When you drive your car , always be listening to an audio program .
One of the best ways to save time is to learn directly from people who already have the skills you want to master .
Audio programs often contain more practical material than what you would learn by taking classes at a university .
Whereas people with degrees in marketing or business have been taught by college professors , you can learn about these subjects from millionaires and billionaires who ’ve learned what works in the real world .
Multitasking was perhaps the most important low - level skill that allowed me to go through college in three semesters .
My average weekday involved about seven or eight hours of classes .
But on Tuesdays during my final semester , I had classes back to back from 9 am until 10 pm .
Because I was taking about a dozen classes each semester , I would have several tests and projects due just about every week .
I had no time to study outside of class because most of that time was used for my job .
So I simply had to learn everything the first time it came up .
If a teacher wrote out something on the board , I would memorize it then and there ; I could n’t afford to learn things later and risk falling behind .
During my slower classes , I would do homework , work out algorithms for my programming job , or refine my schedule .
You can probably find numerous opportunities for multitasking .
Whenever you do something physical , such as driving , cooking , shopping , or walking , keep your mind going by listening to audio tapes or reading .
The idea of multitasking may seem to contradict the previous piece of advice to work all the time you work .
But whereas the previous tip refers to high intensity work where you must concentrate all your mental resources in order to do the best job you can , this tip addresses low intensity work where you have plenty of capacity to do other things at the same time , like standing in line , cooking dinner , flying on a plane , or walking from point A to point B . Multitasking should n’t be used where it will significantly degrade your performance on a crucial task , but it should be intelligently used to take advantage of excess capacity .
Take real breaks when you need them , but do n’t waste time in a state of partial effort .
It ’s more efficient to cycle between working flat out and then resting completely .
Multitasking allows you to take your productivity to a new level .
You might think it would be draining , but many people find it has the opposite effect .
For me it was tremendously energizing to be getting so much done .
The harder you work , the greater your capacity for work , and the more restorative your rest will be .
Experiment
Everyone is different , so what works for you may well be different than what works for everyone else .
You may work best in the morning or late at night .
Take advantage of your own strengths , and find ways to compensate for your weaknesses .
Experiment with listening to music while you work .
I find that classical and new age music , especially Mozart , is terrific for web development work .
But for most routine tasks , listening to fast - paced techno / trance music helps me work a lot faster .
I do n’t exactly know why , but I ’m twice as productive when listening to really fast music as compared to listening to no music .
On the other hand , music with vocals is detrimental to my productivity because it ’s too distracting .
And when I really need to focus deeply , I ’ll listen to no music at all .
Try a simple experiment for yourself , and see if certain forms of music can increase your productivity .
For me the difference was dramatic .
Whenever you come up with a wacky new idea for increasing your productivity , test it and see what effect it has .
Do n’t dismiss any idea unless you ’ve actually tried it .
Partial successes are more common than complete failures , so each new experiment will help you refine your time management practices .
Even the ongoing practice of conducting experiments will help condition you to be more productive .
Cultivate Your Enthusiasm
The word “ enthusiasm ” comes from the Greek entheos , which means literally , “ the god within . ” I really like that definition .
I doubt it ’s possible to master the art of time management if you are n’t gushingly enthusiastic about what you ’re going to do with your time .
Go after what really inspires you .
Do n’t chase money .
Chase your passion .
If you are n’t enthusiastic about your work , then you ’re wasting your life .
Switch to something else .
Consider a new career altogether .
Do n’t beat yourself up if your current career has become stale .
Remember that failure is your friend .
Listen to that god within you , and switch to something that excites you once again .
The worst waste of time is doing something that does n’t make you happy .
Your work should serve your life , not the other way around .
If you ’re like most people , you can get yourself motivated every once in a while , but then you get caught up and sink back down to a lower level of productivity , and you find it hard to continue with a project .
How easy is it to start a new project when your motivation level is high ?
And how difficult is it to continue once your enthusiasm fades ?
Since most people are negative to one degree or another , you ’ll naturally lose your positive charge over time unless you actively cultivate your enthusiasm as a resource .
I do n’t believe in pushing myself to do something I really do n’t want to do .
If I ’m not motivated , then getting myself to sit down and work productively is nearly impossible , and the work is almost painful .
When you ’re highly motivated though , work feels like play .
While in college I could not afford to let my enthusiasm fade , or I ’d be dead .
I quickly learned that I needed to make a conscious effort to reinforce my enthusiasm on a daily basis .
I always had my Walkman cassette player with me ( there were no portable MP3 players back then ) , and while walking from one class to the next , I would listen to time management and motivational tapes .
I also listened to them while jogging every morning .
I kept my motivation level high by reinforcing my enthusiasm almost hourly .
Even though I was being told by others that I would surely fail , these tapes were the stronger influence because I never went more than a few hours without plugging back in .
If your enthusiasm level is high , you can work so much more productively and even enjoy the normally tedious parts of your work .
I ’ve always found that whenever I want to take my business to a new level , I must take my thoughts to a new level first .
When your thinking changes , then your actions will change , and your results will follow .
Unless you ’re a naturally hyper person , your enthusiasm is going to need daily reinforcement .
I recommend either listening to motivational tapes or reading inspiring books or articles for at least fifteen minutes every day .
Whenever I ’ve stopped doing this , I ’ve found that self - doubt always returns , and my productivity drops off .
It ’s truly amazing how constantly feeding your mind with positive material can maintain your enthusiasm indefinitely .
And if you multitask , you can get this benefit without investing any extra time into it .
Eat and Exercise for Optimal Energy
During the summer before my last semester in college ( 1993 ) , I became a lacto - ovo vegetarian , and I noticed a decent boost in my energy and especially in my ability to concentrate .
Four years later ( 1997 ) I became a complete vegan ( no animal products at all ) , and this yielded an even bigger boost .
For details on why I made this change , see the article Why Vegan ?
What you eat can have a profound effect on your productivity .
Animal products take significantly more time and energy to digest than plant foods , and when your body must divert extra energy to digestion , it means you have less energy available for productive mental work .
Effectively your work will seem harder while you ’re digesting meals containing animal products , and you ’ll be more inclined to succumb to distractions .
So if you find yourself having a hard time focusing on mentally intense work after lunch , your diet may very well be the culprit .
Even Benjamin Franklin credited eating lightly at lunch time as being a significant factor in his productivity .
While his colleagues were sluggish and sleepy in the afternoon , he could continue to work productively the rest of the day .
Regular exercise is also necessary to maintain high energy and mental clarity .
In college I would go running for 30 minutes first thing every morning before breakfast .
And of course I ’d be listening to motivational and educational tapes at the same time .
This daily renewal kept me in good physical condition and helped me maintain my ideal weight .
Furthermore , my class schedule kept me zigzagging around campus each day to attend all my classes , and I ’d usually have to carry a 20 - 30 pound backpack full of textbooks with me .
So even though I spent most of my weekdays sitting in classrooms , I still got plenty of daily exercise .
If you want to master time management , it makes sense to hone your best time management tool of all — your physical body .
Through diet and exercise you can build your capacity for sustained concentrated effort , so even the most difficult work will seem easier .
If you currently find yourself overweight , take a trip to a local gym or a sporting goods store , and find a dumbbell ( or two ) that weighs as much as the excess fat you ’re carrying around .
Pick it up and walk around with it for a while .
Become aware that this is what you ’re carrying around with you every day .
Imagine how much lighter and easier everything would be if you could permanently put that weight down .
Carrying some extra weight for training purposes is one thing , but if that weight is in the form of body fat , then you ’re never able to put it down and enjoy the benefits of that training .
Make a committed decision to shed those extra pounds , and enjoy the lifelong benefits of living in a more efficient physical vehicle .
Maintain Balance
I do n’t think it ’s easy to sustain long - term productivity , health , and happiness if your life is totally unbalanced .
To excel in one area , you ca n’t let other areas lag behind and pull you down .
While in college I made an effort to take off a full day each week to have a personal life .
I exercised , went to parties , attended club meetings , played computer games and pool , and even had time to vacation in Las Vegas during my final semester .
The high turnover rates at the end of “ death march ” projects are caused by a lack of balance .
To focus exclusively on your primary work at the expense of every other area of your life will only hurt you in the long run .
Maintain balance by paying attention to every area of your life .
As you grow in your career , be sure that your personal life grows as well .
Probably my biggest regret about going through college in three semesters is that I never had a girlfriend during this time .
While I had plenty of good friends ( both male and female ) , got involved in clubs , and enjoyed fun social activities every week , I did n’t have enough time to pursue an intimate relationship on top of everything else .
I remember one instance where a girl I knew was clearly interested in pursuing a relationship with me , and she started machinating to spend more time alone with me , but I could n’t take the bait because I just did n’t have time for dating .
I would n’t have made a very good boyfriend at the time .
If I had to do it all over again , I think my college experience would have been even better if I ’d stretched it to four or five semesters and allowed myself time for a girlfriend .
It would have been great to have someone else to share my life with , not to mention all the other benefits of intimacy .
At least I had plenty of time for dating after graduating .
Within a few months I had a steady girlfriend , and four years later we were married .
She and I actually went to the same college at the same time , but we never happened to meet while we were there , although it turned out we had a few mutual acquaintances .
I believe the main goal of time management is to give you the power to make your life as juicy as you want it to be .
By getting clear about what you want and then developing a collection of habits that allow you to efficiently achieve your goals , you ’ll enjoy a much richer , more fulfilling life than you would otherwise .
When I look back on my college days from more than a decade in the future , I feel a sense of gratitude for the whole experience .
I set an enormous stretch goal and grew tremendously as a person in the pursuit of that goal .
It was one of the best times of my life .
If you wish to become more productive , then do so with the intention of improving the totality of your life from top to bottom .
The reason to master time management is to take your good life and transform it into an exceptional one .
Time management is not about self - sacrifice , self - denial , and doing more of what you dislike .
It ’s about embracing more of what you already love .
