I suppose at some point this will cease to be news , but the franchises that made LAN gaming great continue to turn their back on it , providing a long slow obituary for the service .
Command & Conquer is the latest .
Advertisement
Command & Conquer 4 will not only require a constant online connection , it 'll end support for LAN as well as dedicated servers , an Electronic Arts designer tells Destructoid .
The reason is because the game 's global player progression system will all live remotely on an EA server .
While it allows players to log in to their account from any machine , it 's incompatible with dedicated server support .
EA promises , however , that it 's overhauled the game 's networking to deliver a more stable experience , with quicker entry into games .
No LAN or Dedicated Server Support for Command & Conquer 4 [ Destructoid ]
Bill Moyers thinks we 're are n't going to know what hit us with this recent Supreme Court ruling and our money in politics , and sadly I agree with him .
It has been the corporate takever of our democracy .
BILL MOYERS : Over the course of a long career in journalism , I 've covered this story of money in politics more than any other .
From time to time , I 've been hopeful about a change for the better , but truth is , it just keeps getting uglier every year .
Those who write the checks keep buying the results they want at the expense of the public .
As a reputedly self - governing democracy , we desperately need to address the problems that weâ€˜ve created for ourselves , but money makes impossible the reforms that might save us .
Nothing in this country seems to be working to anyone 's satisfaction except the wealth machine that rewards those who game the system .
Unless we break their grip on our political institution , their power to buy the agenda they want no matter the cost to everyone else , we 're finished as a functioning democracy .
In this I am sympathetic to the people who show up at tea party rallies asking what happened to their jobs , their pensions , their security — the America they believed in .
What 's happened , says the political scientist Sheldon Wolin , is the increasing cohabitation of state and corporate power .
This is why I find the supreme court ruling so preposterous and ominous .
Five radical judges have taken a giant step toward legitimating the corporate takeover of democracy .
" One person , one vote " — stop kidding yourself .
As I once heard a very rich oilman tell congress after he paid $ 300,000 to the democratic party to get a moment of President Clinton 's ear , " Money is a bit more than a vote . "
The huge sums of money that already flood our elections will now be multiplied many times over , most likely in secret .
Just this week , that indispensable journalistic website Talking Points Memo.com reported that an influential Washington lobbying firm is alerting corporate clients on how to use trade associations like the Chamber of Commerce as pass - throughs to dump unlimited amounts of cash directly into elections .
They can specifically advocate or oppose a candidate — right up to election day — while keeping a low profile to prevent " public scrutiny " and negative press coverage .
We 'll never know what hit us , and like the titanic , we 'll go down but with even fewer lifeboats .
Front page photo by Norman Wong
Five years .
That 's a long time , and that 's how long we 've been waiting for a new Broken Social Scene album .
But on May 4 , they 'll finally release the follow - up to 2005 's self - titled affair , via Arts & Crafts .
( It 's out May 3 in Europe via City Slang / Cooperative Music . )
The new album 's title ?
Forgiveness Rock Record .
That busy - looking graphic you see above ?
That 's the cover art .
That Lala stream up there ?
Well , that 's what you click on to hear " World Sick " , the almost seven - minute epic that 's also the first song they 've let us hear from the album .
( For a free download of " World Sick " , enter your email into the widget we 've embedded below the jump .
It signs you up for future updates from the band , but you will have the option to unsubscribe . )
A few weeks ago , Broken Social Scene frontman Kevin Drew told us all about the album , and there 's a lot to tell .
They 've stripped down their once - sprawling lineup to a lean and mean six - member core , but many friends show up to contribute to the album , Wu - Tang style .
Those hordes include Leslie Feist and members of Pavement , Metric , Stars , Do Make Say Think , the Sea and Cake , and Tortoise .
Tortoise / Sea and Cake member John McEntire co-produced the whole shebang , which the band recorded in Chicago and Toronto last year .
Broken Social Scene :
03 - 14 Elkton , FL - Harvest of Hope
03 - 18 Austin , TX - Stubb's BBQ
03 -19 Austin , TX - The Parish
05-01 San Francisco , CA - The Fillmore
05-03 Los Angeles , CA - Henry Fonda Theatre
05-07 New York , NY - Webster Hall
05 - 13 London , England - Brixton Academy *
05 - 14 Minehead , England - All Tomorrow's Parties
05 - 17 London , England - Heaven
05 - 18 Amsterdam , Netherlands - Melkweg
05 - 19 Cologne , Germany - Burgerhaus Stollwerck
05 - 21 Paris , France - La Maroquinerie
05 - 23 Linz , Austria - LinzFest
05 - 24 Berlin , Germany - Kesselhaus
05 - 27 Barcelona , Spain - Primavera Festival
05 - 29 George , WA - Sasquatch
06 -19 Toronto , Ontario - Toronto Island *#
with Pavement
with Band of Horses
The civilian death toll in the celebrated Battle of Marjah is now up to 19 , a third of them children .
But that 's only part of this ugly story .
While the slaughter goes on in this pointless display of Marine power , civilians have been dying at American hands elsewhere in Afghanistan .
On Thursday a US airstrike allegedly targeting " insurgents " ended up hitting and killing seven Afghani policemen .
And yesterday , another airstrike , this time on a " convoy " of three vehicles , killed an astonishing 33 civilians and injured 12 more -- and given the vicious nature of American weaponry , it 's a fair bet that many of those who were injured will end up dying of their wounds too .
Nice work Gen. Stanley McChrystal .
Your newly professed " concern " about protecting civilians is working out nicely .
True to form , Gen. McChrystal 's response to these murderous outrages has not been to call for investigations and courts martial of those responsible for the deaths , but rather to express his concern that " inadvertently killing or injuring civilians undermines their [ the Afghan people 's ] trust and confidence in our mission . "
Ah , the " mission . "
Oh yeah , this general who earned his rep running a huge death squad operation in Iraq , says he's also " extremely saddened by the tragic loss of innocent lives . "
What he did n't say though , was that he is that he is extremely angry that American forces are continuing to shoot first and ask questions later , or that he plans to call some people on the carpet and strip some badges off them to ensure compliance with his orders to protect civilians .
Why would this be ?
Because the professed " concern " about protecting civilians in this war is all talk and showmanship .
It 's not about actually caring about and protecting civilians .
America is not in Afghanistan because of any real concern about the welfare of the people of Afghanistan .
It is in Afghanistan because America wants to control Afghanistan .
This is a war about geopolitics , not about liberation .
If America really cared about the ordinary people of Afghanistan , who have endured decades of war , it would forswear the use of antipersonnel weapons , which the UN has been trying to ban -- over the opposition of the US and other benighted powers like China and Israel - - weapons that leave unexploded bomblets littering the landscape to maim and kill innocent people , disproportionately small children .
It would sign and obey the land mine ban .
It would cease using pilotless drones , which have been killing far more innocent people than actual enemy fighters , and it would stop using airstrikes on " suspected " enemy targets when those targets are likely to have civilians in them .
In fact , if the US really cared about the people of Afghanistan , it would n't be fighting there at all .
It would be organizing a regional peace conference , under the auspices of the United Nations and involving all the surrounding nations -- Iran , China , Pakistan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , and Tajikistan -- and reaching an agreement among all the forces within the country , including the Taliban , to establish a government of national reconciliation .
The US would be relying not on war but on the carrot of aid to get such a government to actually work for the peaceful reconstruction of the country .
And it would withdraw all of its forces promptly .
But there is no talk of such an approach .
Rather , in Washington all we hear is talk of " winning " and " completing the mission , " though nobody seems able to say just what " winning " or the " mission " in Afghanistan might be .
That 's understandable since the government of Afghanistan is a corrupt narco - regime led by a family of gangsters , thugs and profiteers , and the military and police are a hopeless combination of inept and corrupt .
According to a first - hand , on - the - scene report in the New York Times , which has been an editorial backer of this war , Afghan forces have played almost no role in the Marjah battle , which is supposed to be a test run of the new Obama war strategy .
That might explain why only one Afghan soldier has died in the battle , compared to 12 US and other NATO soldiers .
Happily , there is a light at the end of this blood - drenched tunnel .
That light is the people of the Netherlands , who have so soured on their nation 's support for this stupid , criminal war , that they have brought down their government .
Technically what happened is that the Dutch Labor Party , which opposes Dutch military involvement in the Afghan War , has denounced the war and , this week , pulled out of the governing coalition , leaving the coalition with just 47 of 150 seats in the country 's parliament .
It is likely that the 2000 Dutch troops serving in Afghanistan will soon be pulled out .
The war , never popular in Europe , Canada or Australia , has become increasingly less popular everywhere but in America .
Now , like the famed story of the little boy who saved Holland by putting his finger in a leaking dike , only in reverse , this pulling out of a Dutch finger could lead to a flood of European nations ending their commitment of troops to the NATO participation in the War in Afghanistan , leaving just US and British forces alone there .
The challenge now is for the somnolent and co-opted peace movement in the US to throw off its narcophilic embrace of the Democratic Party and of President Obama , to take heart from the Dutch people , and to demand that the US too end its war making , not just in Afghanistan , but around the globe .
_______
Experts believe it is the polyphenols in green tea that may make it beneficial Drinking green tea may offer some protection against lung cancer , say experts who studied the disease at a medical university in Taiwan .
The latest work in more than 500 people adds to growing evidence suggesting the beverage has anti-cancer powers .
In the study , smokers and non-smokers who drank at least a cup a day cut their lung cancer risk significantly , a US cancer research conference heard .
The protection was greatest for people carrying certain genes .
But cancer experts said the findings did not change the fact that smoking is bad for health .
Daily cuppa
Green tea is made from the dried leaves of the Asian plant Camellia sinesis and is drunk widely across Asia .
The rates of many cancers are much lower in Asia than other parts of the world , which has led some to link the two .
Laboratory studies have shown that extracts from green tea , called polyphenols , can stop cancer cells from growing .
The best thing a smoker can do to reduce their risk of lung cancer , and more than a dozen other cancer types , is to quit .
Yinka Ebo of Cancer Research UK
But results from human studies have been mixed .
Some have shown a protective effect while others have failed to find any evidence of protection .
In July 2009 , the Oxford - based research group Cochrane published a review of 51 studies on green tea and cancer which included over 1.5 million people .
They concluded that while green tea is safe to drink in moderation , the research so far is conflicting about whether or not it can prevent certain cancers .
Reduced risk Dr I - Hsin Lin , of Shan Medical University , found that among smokers and non-smokers , people who did not drink green tea were more than five times as likely to get lung cancer than those who drank at least one cup of green tea a day .
Among smokers , those who did not drink green tea at all were more than 12 times as likely to develop lung cancer than those who drank at least a cup a day .
Researchers then analysed the DNA of people in the study and found certain genes appeared to play a role in the risk reduction .
Green tea drinkers , whether smokers or non smokers , with certain types of a gene called IGF1 , were far less likely to develop lung cancer than other green tea drinkers with different types of this gene .
Yinka Ebo , of Cancer Research UK , said the findings should not be used as an excuse to keep smoking .
" Smoking tobacco fills your lungs with around 80 cancer - causing chemicals .
Drinking green tea is not going to compensate for that .
" Unfortunately , it 's not possible to make up for the harm caused by smoking by doing other things right like eating a healthy , balanced diet .
" The best thing a smoker can do to reduce their risk of lung cancer , and more than a dozen other cancer types , is to quit . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Alan Wake ‘s Xbox 360 exclusivity announced at X10 received major backlash from the PC gaming community who were baffled with Remedy ’s decision to kill the PC version of Alan Wake .
Microsoft said , earlier this week , that the game was more suited for a TV setup .
In an interview with Vg247 , Oskari HÃ¤kkinen , franchise head at Remedy said that the Xbox exclusivity has more to do with Remedy being a small studio and less with the whole TV experience , Microsoft had us believe .
Oskari said ,
We ’re not going out there to say that PC gamers canâ€™t enjoy it from their own PC set - up .
We ’re certainly not saying that .
We have a strong heritage in PC gaming as well .
But , frankly , we ’re a small studio .
We ’re 50 people , and being a small studio , it makes a lot more sense for us to focus on one platform .
Oskari later added that a future release on the PC would only be possible from a “ sit down ” with Microsoft to “ see where the title goes ” .
Source
Posted February 2 , 2010 By Presh Talwalkar .
Read about me , or email me .
.
" All will be well if you use your mind for your decisions , and mind only your decisions . "
Since 2007 , I have devoted my life to sharing the joy of game theory and mathematics .
MindYourDecisions now has over 1,000 free articles with no ads thanks to community support !
Help out and get early access to posts with a pledge on Patreon . .
.
Consider the picture below of bicycle tracks in the mud .
Can you figure out which way the rider was going , to the left or to the right ?
This is not an easy puzzle .
In fact , it was such a puzzle that once befuddled the great detective Sherlock Holmes .
But the picture provides just enough clues to be solved .
Let us investigate the mystery .
Sherlock Holmes ’ mistake
The background to this puzzle is the Sherlock Holmes tale The Adventure of the Priory School by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
At one point in the story , Holmes and Watson approach a set of bicycle tracks left in mud .
What can be deduced ?
Here is how Holmes reads the scene :
“ This track , as you perceive , was made by a rider who was going from the direction of the school . ” 
“ Or towards it ? ” 
“ No , no , my dear Watson .
The more deeply sunk impression is , of course , the hind wheel , upon which the weight rests .
You perceive several places where it has passed across and obliterated the more shallow mark of the front one .
It was undoubtedly heading away from the school . ” 
Holmes unsurprising arrives at the right answer in the story version .
But this was somewhat lucky because his logic is shaky .
The suspect part is the bit about the hind wheel obliterating the mark of the front wheel .
This alone actually gives no clue about the bike ’s direction .
Why ?
It ’s because the hind wheel always follows the front wheel because it cannot turn .
The hind wheel will always obliterate the front wheel marks , regardless of whether the rider was heading toward or away from the school .
Nothing can be inferred on this basis alone .
Holmes was on the right track , if you will , but he did not go far enough .
To solve this mystery correctly , we will take a step back for a moment .
Re-creating the scene of the crime
How can we figure out the direction of the bike rider from the track marks ?
Think for a moment about how the marks are created .
A rider gets on a bike , pedals to move the hind wheel , and steers by moving the front wheel .
The front wheel makes the leading mark and the hind wheel follows in the same direction .
What we need to do is reverse engineer this process .
We have tire marks and we need to identify which track belongs to which wheel , and more importantly , which direction the bike was moving .
And we will rely on two key facts to answer these questions :
Fact 1 : the hind wheel moves in the direction of the front wheel
Fact 2 : the hind wheel is a fixed distance from the front wheel
The first fact is a consequence of the hind wheel not being able to turn .
The hind wheel is fixed by the bike frame in a single direction , and hence it always moves to follow the direction of the front wheel .
The second fact is a consequence of a bike design which fixes the centers of both the front and hind wheel .
The hind and front wheels ’ point of contact with the ground is equal to some fixed length .
So with this understanding , how can we identify the tracks and the direction of the bike ?
A small and useful tangent
We will use an assist from physics ( or calculus ) to solve this mystery .
If you ’re familiar with projectile motion you can skip this .
Otherwise I will give a brief refresher .
The idea we need has to do with modeling the motion of on a curve .
A common motivating example is to consider lobbing a baseball to your friend .
The ball leaves your hand with some speed and it gently rises until its maximum before falling in a symmetric curve towards your friend .
The shape of the curve is a parabola and this is a canonical example of projectile motion .
While we know the path of the ball , we may wish to dig deeper .
One might ask : what is the direction of the ball at any given moment ?
Â
To figure this out , you might first draw the entire path of the ball , and then you can approximate .
What you do is draw a line that connects a given position with a future position .
This gives an approximation to the ball ’s direction .
The approximation can get better by decreasing the increment .
And using calculus it ’s possible to calculate the limit of this process , and the resulting line is known as the tangent line , the line that just kisses the curve :
The important fact is that the tangent line at a point indicates the direction of the ball at that point on the curve .
More generally , on a curve , the tangent line at a point indicates the direction of the curve at that point .
And this is the key to solving the bicycle mystery .
A method to solve the mystery
Let us put this all together .
We have two sets of bicycle tracks .
We know the curve for the hind wheel is “ following ” the curve for the front wheel for the rider ’s direction , but we cannot identify the curves nor can we identify the direction .
So what we will do is investigate .
We take several points on both curves and we will draw tangent lines .
We do not know which direction the tangent line should go ( since we do n’t know which way the bike was moving ) , so what we will do is draw the tangent line in both directions .
We know have tangent lines on two curves going in two different directions ( 4 possible candidates ) .
We will be able to identify the hind wheel ’s marks going in the correct direction because it will have the following characteristics :
By fact 1 , the tangent line will intersect the other curve that represents the front wheel marks
By fact 2 , the tangent line in the correct direction will intersect at a fixed distance
We will consequently have our answer of which way the bike was going !
To recap , here is the process we will use :
– Choose several points on each curve
– Draw the tangent lines going in both directions for these points
– Identify which set of tangent lines best matches the characteristics of the hind wheel moving in the correct direction
This is a lot of words but it will make more sense visually , as pictured below .
Investigating the tire marks !
I have drawn out my work below .
What I have done is chosen several points , drawn tangent lines in both directions , and then color - coded them for ease .
Notice the blue tangent lines are all over the place .
They do not intersect with the other curve and hence we can conclude this is the path of the front wheel .
The green tangent lines , on the other hand , are confined .
They do intersect the other curve at a regular fixed length to their right .
Thus we can conclude this is the path of the hind wheel going right .
( And I admit , the picture is n’t perfect because I generated these lines by sketching , but you get the idea . )
We can thus identify the path of the hind wheel , and we can conclude the bike must have been moving to the right .
Pretty cool , is n’t it ?
Pat yourself on the back –you are now smarter ( about this problem ) than Sherlock Holmes .
References :
Edward Bender ’s paper about Sherlock Holmes
Discussion Questions :
1. Ride your bide in the mud .
Or take a look at a picture of tire marks .
What other clue is there that we did n’t have ?
2 . Would the exercise change for a motorcycle ?
What about a car ?
3 . Would it matter if a car was front - wheel or rear - wheel drive ?
Holder has restricted the investigation of the Cheney era war crimes to those that went beyond the torture " legally " allowed by the OLC memos .
But it remains possible that once you start pulling on that thread , any serious legal investigation will find it impossible to make such absurd and semantic distinctions when the guiding laws and treaties are so abundantly clear that such distinctions are absurd .
To take one simple obvious example :
If we know for a fact that all legal precedent in the US and the world requires one incident of waterboarding to be prosecutable as torture under any circumstances and we also know that the Cheney team subjected someone to it 183 times , I find it simply impossible that any DOJ investigation can somehow only look at instances beyond those authorized by Cheney ... without making a mockery of the rule of law and the Justice Department itself .
So I remain convinced that this matter is not over , even though the way in which the DOJ has now softened and protected the clear and political manipulation of the law by lawyers sworn to uphold it remains a travesty , a disgrace , an abomination , another example of how the government treats its own members in ways it would never ever treat anyone else .
That Lynndie England went to jail for doing things that John Yoo made legal , and Yoo does not even face disbarment , tells you all you need to know about the current state of justice in America .
In the end , the current president and attorney - general have assented to this massive injustice .
The responsibility is theirs ' .
But the arc of history is long .
And justice will come in the end .
Of that I am sure .
I 'm exhausted this weekend so please give me time to read the full OPR report carefully before commenting on it .
Its details may be so damning , the facts it has assembled so glaring , that the gloss we have heard - leaked , cowardly , on a Friday afternoon - may soon be exposed as such a travesty of the evidence within that what dismays me this morning may encourage me soon .
So let me merely say this : I believe in America .
I believe it is still here beneath all this .
I believe it will come back .
But I also believe it is the duty of all of us who love this country to make sure it does .
That means you as well as me .
Remember : we are the ones we have been waiting for .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
YES !
We are going to try to get back into it .
This was really fun , but with just the two of us it got to be a little difficult to keep up with it .
So if you all would like to submit a subway post , please do !
We will try to start this up again soon .
thanks for the motivation :)
Yesterday , Microsoft used a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) takedown notice to demand that a copy of the " Microsoft ® Online Services Global Criminal Compliance Handbook " ( the Compliance Manual ) be removed from Cryptome , a security website .
As a result , Network Solutions felt obliged to takedown the entire Cryptome.org domain , a repository for thousands of important and controversial documents .
As is often the case , the ensuing uproar simply called more attention to the document in question .
Yesterday evening , Microsoft wrote to Network Solutions and withdrew its takedown demand , while insisting that its copyright concern was nevertheless legitimate .
We appreciate that Microsoft acted quickly to correct its error , but are still disappointed that Microsoft nonetheless insists that , in the words of Evan Cox , outside counsel for Microsoft , " Microsoft has a good faith belief that the distribution of the file that was made available at that address infringes Microsoft 's copyrights . "
To the contrary , as we explain below , Cryptome 's publication of the Compliance Manual is a clear fair use under the Copyright Act .
To determine whether a use of a work is fair , courts engage in a case - by - case analysis , starting with the four factors set out in the Act : the purpose and character of the use ; the nature of the work ; the amount and substantiality of the work ; and the harm to the market for the work .
On the first factor , Cryptome used the manual for a noncommercial , transformative purpose — to educate the public on how the government and Microsoft work together and to illustrate how much information is available about internet users .
Cryptome did not stand to profit , and was not seeking to exploit the work for money .
Cryptome 's use is also transformative because it does not merely supersede original , but instead " adds something new . "
Cryptome took a work designed to inform law enforcement how to work effectively with Microsoft , and , by putting it in a new context , formed the basis for newsworthy criticism of Microsoft and its compliance practices .
The " nature of the work , " factor also favors fair use : factual works like the Compliance Manual receive only thin protection under copyright law , especially where the material has been published .
The extent of permissible fair use copying varies with the purpose and character of the use , and , as the Ninth Circuit has held , " [ i ] f the secondary user only copies as much as is necessary for his or her intended use , then this factor will not weigh against him or her . "
While Cryptome copied the whole work , the whole work was necessary for the public to understand Microsoft 's policies for allowing the government to obtain personal information about them .
The market harm factor balances the benefit the public will derive if the use is permitted and the financial gain the copyright owner will receive if the use is denied .
Here , the public , many of whom have personal information stored by Microsoft , benefits by being informed of Microsoft 's compliance practices .
And , since Microsoft does not sell or license the manual , posting it on Cryptome did n't cost Microsoft a penny .
As explained by the Supreme Court , a " use that has no demonstrable effect upon the potential market for , or the value of , the copyrighted work need not be prohibited in order to protect the author 's incentive to create . "
This factor favors fair use as well .
The four factors are balanced in light of the purposes of copyright .
And here , Microsoft does not need any copyright incentive to create the manual — it has plenty of business incentives to create a guide that will reduce the costs of its interactions with law enforcement .
At the same time , Cryptome 's publication serves the welfare of the public by allowing the public to know how their information may be involuntarily disclosed to the government .
Evaluating all the factors together , a court should find that Cryptome 's publication of the Compliance Manual is a fair use .
Sudanese President Omar al - Bashir waves to supporters at a military function in Khartoum in July 2009 .
( ( Mohamed Nureldin / Reuters ) )
The International Criminal Court has done an about - face on its March 2009 decision not to charge Sudanese President Oman al - Bashir with genocide for alleged actions relating to Darfur .
The five - judge appeals chamber ruling in The Hague on Wednesday also put other leaders around the world on notice that the court will not balk at charging them with genocide if they persecute their own people , said an activist .
" This gives new wind to the sails of international justice , " said Kenyan human rights activist Njonjo Mue .
The 2009 original decision to issue a warrant of arrest against Bashir for war crimes and crimes against humanity was made by the pre-trial chamber .
The appeals chamber said Wednesday that the decision to reject the prosecutor 's application for punishment of the crime of genocide on the grounds of insufficient proof was wrong .
The standard of proof the court used in 2009 to dismiss three counts of genocide against Bashir " was higher and more demanding than what is required " in its statutes , appellate judge Erkki Kourula of Finland said Wednesday .
A document released by the international court stated that it would issue an arrest warrant for genocide only if the only reasonable conclusion to be drawn from the prosecutor 's evidence were reasonable grounds to believe in the existence of genocidal intent .
" The decision by the pre-trial chamber not to issue a warrant of arrest in respect to the crime of genocide is materially affected by an error of law .
And , it is for this reason , that the appeals chamber has decided to reverse the impugned decision , " said Kourula .
Other world leaders on notice
The court charged on counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity for allegedly orchestrating a campaign of murder , torture , rape and forced expulsions in Darfur .
Bashir , the first sitting head of state indicted by the world 's first permanent war crimes tribunal , refuses to recognize the court 's jurisdiction and has vowed never to surrender .
International Criminal Court prosecutor Luis Moreno - Ocampo speaks to a reporter in his office at the International Criminal Court , in The Hague , The Netherlands , on Wednesday .
( ( Bas Czerwinski / Associated Press ) )
His indictment in March further isolated his hardline regime .
Since the charges were issued , the Sudanese leader has travelled to friendly countries but called off trips to nations where he fears he could be arrested and sent to The Hague .
International aid agencies expelled
His government expelled 13 international aid agencies working in Darfur in response to the charges , further compounding the humanitarian crisis in a region where 300,000 people have died since fighting broke out in 2003 between the government and rebels .
The United Nations says 2.7 million people have been driven from their homes .
Prosecutor Luis Moreno - Ocampo accuses Bashir of mobilizing the entire Sudanese state apparatus with the aim of destroying a substantial part of the Fur , Masalit and Zaghawa ethnic groups in Darfur over more than six years .
Prosecutors accuse Sudanese troops and the Janjaweed Arab militia they support of murdering civilians and preying on them in refugee camps .
Moreno - Ocampo said part of the alleged genocide was a campaign of rape to drive women into the desert , where they die of starvation .
" For me , the facet that President Bashir expelled the humanitarian organizations is confirming that his intention is the physical destruction of these people , " Moreno - Ocampo told The Associated Press in his office at the court .
The appeals decision has fuelled hopes among human rights activists that prosecutors will indict other leaders around the world for atrocities .
Bashir has the backing of many African and Arab leaders .
" We are not for double standard justice .
One for poor .
One for rich .
One for big nations .
And one for small nations , " said Jean Ping , chair of the African Union .
If charged , Bashir could become the first sitting head of state this court charges with genocide .
The International Criminal Court makes rulings on crimes such as genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes .
Third Test , Cape Town :
South Africa 291 & 312-2 v England 273 ( day three , stumps )
Play resumes Wednesday : 0830 GMT
Coverage : Test Match Special on BBC Radio Four Longwave , Radio 5 live sports extra , Red Button and BBC Sport website ; text commentary online and on mobiles .
Also live on Sky Sports
Match scorecard By Jamie Lillywhite
It was captain Smith 's third Test century at Newlands Graeme Smith struck his 19th Test century to give South Africa a lead of 330 at 312 - 2 after three days of the third Test with England at Cape Town .
England resumed on 241 - 7 but lost two wickets in two balls in the first over , and though Matt Prior made a valiant 75 they were 273 all out , a deficit of 18 .
Smith was reprieved after a referral when 51 and went on to share a dominant 230 with Hashim Amla , who made 95 .
The skipper was 162 not out at stumps , with the hosts in total control .
It was a superbly pugnacious century from the 28 - year - old South African captain , reminiscent of his dominance in 2003 when he struck two mammoth double centuries in three innings on his first tour of England .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He accelerated superbly to score 97 after tea in his fifth ton against England and end a run of 12 innings without a hundred that stretched back to December 2008 .
With the temperature reaching close to 40C , England 's decision to play only four bowlers now looks regrettable , and it is to be hoped the extra batsman can prove his worth in what is certain to be merely a fight for survival .
However , Smith 's innings looks likely to give the South Africans their fifth successive Test victory at Newlands and the chance to level the series at 1 - 1 with one match remaining .
On a perfect day with pure cobalt blue skies affording magnificent views of the stunning Table Mountain , England were soon feeling the heat .
Morne Morkel used the new ball with the same devastating effect as in the first innings when he dismissed England captain Andrew Strauss in the first over .
The fourth ball of the day rose up alarmingly at Graeme Swann , who could only fend it to Smith at first slip .
Smith edged just short of Paul Collingwood early in his innings Smith was immediately back in business when James Anderson succumbed to his first golden duck , forced into a speculative prod to one that moved away outside off - stump and the South Africa captain again made no mistake with the catch .
It left Prior , who resumed on 52 , in an invidious position with last man Graham Onions and their team 50 runs in arrears .
But the wicketkeeper / batsman struck four more boundaries and reduced the deficit to 18 before he dragged a pull shot on to his stumps .
England knew that early wickets with the new ball were imperative , given the speed at which it has lost its potency during this Test , but they failed to materialise .
When Ashwell Prince was on five a curious incident occurred when the ball brushed his pad as it passed down the legside to Prior .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Perhaps because he thought the batsman was walking , umpire Daryl Harper raised the finger , a horrified Prince called for a review which duly cleared him , but it did little for Harper 's rather fragile position on the elite panel .
Fortunately for the tourists the out - of - form Prince fell to Swann for the third time in five balls , the Notts spinner collecting his 17th wicket thus far in this series .
He prodded forward and was hit low on the pad , and umpire Tony Hill had no hesitation giving him out , but the left - hander insisted on a referral , which did nothing but confirm his dismissal .
Swann was introduced after the drinks break to bowl the ninth over of the innings , and immediately asked questions of Amla and Smith .
Smith sought to sweep at every opportunity and top - edged one delivery just out of the reach of Paul Collingwood running back and across from slip .
606 : DEBATE
It was a close contest until the extreme heat got to the pitch and the English .
Now suddenly people talk like it's been no contest and slate the bowlers who won the second Test
utopianindigent Smith dispatched a full toss from an anguished Swann to the mid-wicket boundary to record the fifty partnership from 100 balls , which also brought up the 100 lead .
With the score on Nelson - 111-1 - and Smith on 51 , the skipper missed a sweep against Swann , was struck on the pad in front of middle stump and sent on his way by umpire Hill .
The decision was referred and height was the decisive factor in it being overturned , Hill making his first error , even though it looked a sound verdict with the naked eye .
Anderson found some reverse swing but the ball often just seemed to be drawn to the middle of Amla 's bat , as the 26 - year - old posted his 15th Test fifty with an imperious clip to the mid-wicket boundary , which signalled the 100 partnership , the latter half of which took just 52 deliveries .
The pair added 109 in a difficult 29 - over afternoon session for England , who grew increasingly frustrated by their loss of control in the hot sun , the pitch flattening out and giving little assistance to the bowlers .
Stuart Broad , who often seems capable of starting an argument with himself , was particularly irascible , and unnecessarily trapped the ball with his spikes , which may be scrutinised by the match referee .
Smith , who was eight runs behind his partner at tea , began to drive down the ground with great authority , and even skewed a near wide to the point boundary when England experimented with an offside theory featuring only one fielder on the leg .
The ball after reaching his century with a boundary , Smith edged to Prior and headed for the pavilion , but to sum up England 's day the ball did not carry .
The runs just continued to flow , the 200 stand record in 296 balls , and Smith disdainfully carved Jonathan Trott 's occasional slow - medium pace for four fours in an over .
Finally Amla was caught at short - leg as Swann got some turn from around the wicket but Smith defied cramp and continued in imperious fashion , the match now totally at his command with two full days ahead .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The cigarette makers said they had never heard of such a case before An Indonesian man has been given compensation after a cigarette he was smoking exploded , taking out six teeth .
Andi Susanto , 31 , told Indonesian media the cigarette had blown up in his mouth while he was riding a motorcycle .
He accepted a payment of 5 m rupiah ( $ 535 ; £ 335 ) and all his medical costs from PT Nojorono Tobacco , makers of the brand of cigarette he was smoking .
Police are investigating what caused the blast , but Mr Susanto said he would try to give up smoking now anyway .
He told the Jakarta Post newspaper he had been smoking since he was a schoolboy and had never had any problems .
" The incident was all so unexpected , " he said .
We do not put any strange materials in the cigarettes , so we think that this is a weird case
Clas Mild cigarettes spokesman Iwan Sulistyo
He told Metro TV the company had talked to his family and agreed to " settle it amicably " with an out - of - court settlement .
A spokesman for Clas Mild cigarettes , the brand Mr Susanto had been smoking , said there were no plans for a recall .
" We are communicating with the police and still waiting on the forensic laboratory tests , " Iwan Sulistyo told the Jakarta Globe .
" We do not put any strange materials in the cigarettes , so we think that this is a weird case .
This is the first time for us . "
Indonesia has one of the highest smoking rates in the world , with more than 60 % of men smoking regularly .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The theme ' Our Children Our Future ' celebrates the 48 hour partnership that International Men's Day has with Universal Children 's Day , which is celebrated on 20th November 2010 and endorsed by the United Nations .
The celebrations of International Men's Day 2009 were the largest ever global collaboration of men and women to address the challenges and problems that men face .
Ireland , Canada , Trinidad and Tobago , Jamaica , Australia , India , United States , Singapore , United Kingdom , Malta , South Africa , Georgia , New Zealand , Moldova , Germany , Holland and Brazil were a sample of the nations around the world that celebrated and honored the selfless sacrifices of Men and their invaluable contributions to families , communities and society .
International Men's Day 2009 was featured in newspaper headlines , TV stories , magazine articles , blogs , YouTube promos and websites the world over .
During a conference call on 1st December 2009 the International Men's Day Coordination Committee ratified the following core objectives of International Men's Day :
â€ ¢
To promote positive male role models ; not just movie stars and sports men but everyday , working class men who are living decent , honest lives .
â€ ¢
To celebrate men's positive contributions to society , community , family , marriage , child care , and to the environment .
â€ ¢
To focus on men's health and wellbeing ; social , emotional , physical and spiritual .
â€ ¢
To highlight discrimination against men ; in areas of social services , social attitudes and expectations , and law .
â€ ¢
To improve gender relations and promote gender equality .
â€ ¢
To create a safer , better world ; where people can be safe and grow to reach their full potential .
These core objectives were put in place in 1999 by founder , Dr Jerome Teelucksingh and their formal ratification in 2009 gave individuals and groups wanting to celebrate International Men's Day in their own community , the framework and foundation for their celebrations .
Comments from the International Men's Day Coordination Committee
Warwick Marsh , Global Coordinator for International Men's Day remarked : " It has been a truly humbling experience to get the first - hand reports from those celebrating International Men's Day at a global grass roots level .
We have been awed by the many initiatives that have taken place around the globe .
Dr Jerome Teelucksingh has done a wonderful job of getting International Men's Day off the ground and we are excited that this year our theme is ' Our Children Our Future ' , a celebration of the contribution fathers make to families and society .
We include a list of other days of significance to the family - friendly men and father 's movement .
If the 2009 celebrations are any indication , then 2010 International Men's Day will be a great expression of unity between men and father 's groups the world over . "
Dr Jerome Teelucksingh , Founder of International Men's Day , History Lecturer at the West Indies University , Trinidad Tobago and Chairman of the International Men's Day Coordination Committee commented : " International Men 's Day – IMD -- has the potential to become the global medium to heal our world .
The concept and themes of IMD are designed to give hope to the depressed , faith to the lonely , comfort to the broken - hearted , transcend barriers , eliminate stereotypes and create a more caring humanity .
Since its inception , IMD has blossomed into a movement which promotes goodwill and positively transforms the lives of many persons .
Every year I am overjoyed to witness and read testimonies of persons who genuinely believe that the observance of IMD has resulted in greater stability in their lives and guided them from darkness into light . "
Jason Thompson , Historian & Global Promotions Coordinator for International Men's Day stated : " International Men's Day enjoyed significantly increased interest around the globe this year with a more than doubling of countries hosting events than in 2008 .
Australia , for instance , jumped from holding a single event in 2008 to this year hosting over 15 formal observations across the country , including the sponsoring of events by four local governments , a speech to honour men in the West Australian State Parliament , and an observation at Parliament House in Canberra with several notable speakers .
Similar increases in awareness were reported in other countries , which , in my view , is a truly remarkable trend . "
Uma Challa , International Men's Day Coordinator for India responded : " IMD 2009 was a remarkable international event .
As many as 25 international men and father 's groups celebrated the occasion echoing common sentiments and concerns .
While IMD may have been celebrated by a few individual nations in the past , the world witnessed the amazing resonance and camaraderie of men , father and family advocates for the first time in the history of the men 's movement in 2009 .
The theme ' promoting positive male role models ' has definitely made men and women around the world pause and think about the many contributions and services of men in our lives , about the vulnerability of men and the need to love , care and support them every day .
This is a great sign and I can only see the men's movement gaining more and more momentum in the coming years . "
Diane A. Sears , International Men's Day Coordinator for United States of America offered the following observation : " The electronic and print media along with blogs , websites , and online social networks such as FACEBOOK and TWITTER and professional online networks such as Linked In created a great level of awareness and interest in 2009 International Men 's Day in the United States .
The heightened awareness and interest in 2009 International Men's Day sparked by the media is energizing the Global Dialogue on Fatherhood , focusing attention on the contributions of Men , and moving individuals and organizations who have key ' pieces of the puzzle ' to work together with a collaborative and loving spirit to resolve the critical health and parenting issues confronting Men . "
Judging from the huge growth in 2009 of International Men's Day , 2010 will be even greater .
When it was question time last week , the GOP went straight to one of their patented talking points -- those awful earmarks .
Why those poor goopers practically shivered over how Obama had approved all those earmarks ... including the thousands they had added to the budget themselves .
Not surprisingly , their outrage is completely fake .
Strike that .
Make it faux .
Republicans are so outraged about earmarks that they will blackmail the president and hold up the Senate to get more earmarks .
They hate earmarks so much , that proving billions in earmarks to a French company is the most important task on hand .
And hang on a second , were n't we just told that geting jobs -- you know , good American jobs -- was so important that we could n't even bother to waste one second on overturning Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell ?
As it turns out , there was something more important than creating American jobs : killing good American jobs at an American company in order to hand those jobs to a foreign corporate master .
Want to know what life is going to be like when the full impact of the Supreme Court ’s recent crowning of corporations sinks in and legislators are completely beholden to international CEOs ?
Well , here you go .
Richard Shelby is a man ahead of his time .
This is the shape of things to come .
Are their people in need of justice , whose case ca n’t be heard because a court is without a judge ?
Too bad , because Shelby is waiting for le porc .
Are their agencies and commissions that can’t exercise oversight because their boards ca n’t be seated ?
No problem .
Just give Shelby le porc .
Is national security threatened by an inability to seat key positions at the Department of Defense ?
That ’s fine by Shelby .
He puts le porc above the country .
If the Republicans want to prove that there is one shred of honesty in their ranting against earmarks , or their pretense to security concerns , or their shouting about the need for jobs , there ’s a simple way to show that they mean it : rebuke Shelby and vote to end his hold .
An Asian mosquito that somehow caught a ride to Minnesota is moving across the metro and will start nibbling on people in the east and north suburbs this summer .
What is it ?
The japonicus , or Japanese rock pool mosquito .
The japonicus is a durable species that lays eggs that can survive a Minnesota winter , and like other species can carry LaCrosse encephalitis and West Nile viruses , said Mike McLean of the Metropolitan Mosquito Control District .
Where did it come from ?
The japonicus , native to the colder northern parts of Japan and Korea , hitchhikes in tires and other containers that trap water .
Great , another mosquito species .
Are we doomed ?
Minnesota now has an estimated 51 mosquito species , many of them " exotics " that travel from distant habitats .
" I do n't think the average person will notice more mosquito bites per hour because of this , " McLean said .
How widespread is it ?
The species was found last year in large numbers in Ramsey and Dakota counties , and it showed up in other areas south of the metro in the past couple of years .
It was found last fall in northern Washington County and is moving west into Anoka County , McLean said .
Is it dangerous ?
" Like anything else , when you introduce a species you have to pay attention to it awhile to see how it behaves , " McLean said .
" It does n't really raise any big red flags , but it is something we want to pay attention to . "
While the japonicus species is n't considered a primary carrier of the West Nile virus , it can be a nuisance , he said .
So what 's the big deal ?
Because the species is new to Minnesota -- and suddenly appearing in county after county -- it 's attracting attention from scientists .
" From a biological standpoint , this is a really interesting occurrence , " McLean said .
" We can study it to see how it spreads .
How fast does it move from one month to the next ? "
When working with children , many clinicians will utilize a Sentence Completion Form ( SCF ) in their assessment of a child ’s difficulties .
This is essentially a list of incomplete sentences that the child is asked to fill - in with whatever comes to mind .
A few items from the form might look like this :
Today I ’d like to _____________.
______________ is dumb .
______________ makes me happy .
The theory behind this exercise is that the child will complete the sentences with words that reflect his own conflicts .
This non -threatening activity , which is an example of what is known as Projective Testing , is thought by many to be an X - ray of the child ’s personality purchased movies on amazon prime .
So , if the child ’s answer ’s to the above were :
Today I ’d like to stab my therapist .
Your face is dumb .
Dr. Rob dying makes me happy .
then I might consider that I am working with a very aggressive child who despises me more than all of my ex-girlfriends .
Combined .
In graduate school , we were trained to use the form with adults as well .
I never agreed with this idea and felt genuinely stupid asking the clients to fill it out music on samsung s6 .
Most could immediately tell what the purpose of the instrument was , and some felt that their intelligence was being insulted .
It probably was .
Despite my protests , I was forced to use the form with every new client who came into the university clinic .
I never considered myself the most confident graduate clinician , but I ’m sure I appeared like a stammering imbecile asking them to complete the form .
“ Would you …mind … filling out this semi - blank piece of paper ? ”
“ Why ? ”
“ Because it ’s…useful vsco herunterladen mac ?
I think ? ”
This feeling of buffoonery was exacerbated when I was being taped and / or watched live by my classmates .
In graduate school , clients were notified of a camera in the upper corner of the room and told that they would be filmed and / or watched live for training purposes .
It was common for them to feel skittish at first , but after being told that it was both a legal requirement ( given that none of the students had a license to practice Psychology ) and that the focus was on the student and not the client , most people quickly forgot that the camera was even there .
I drew the line on the SCF after my experience with an early 30’s , middle - class man who came into therapy at his wife ’s behest for “ passive - aggressive tendencies , ” which were getting under the wife ’s skin windows xp for mac for free .
“ I do n’t want to get divorced , man , so I guess I have to come in and check this scene out . ”
As part of the protocol for the first session , known as the Intake , I sat with him and talked about his current problems , relevant history , and pertinent medical information .
I then blubbered through my little speech about how the SCF helps to provide a more rounded picture of a client ’s difficulties , how the information is used in treatment planning , and other silly clinical statements .
He looked at the form , looked at me , raised an eyebrow , and said “ You ’re serious ? ”
Unfortunately , I am .
“ Yes please . ”
He chortled at this , I probably blushed , and he went to work on filling out the 20 incomplete sentences abe download .
Knowing that the other students and supervisor were watching me feeling and looking stupid , I considered flipping them off into the camera .
“ Here ya go , Freud - to - be , ” he said , handing me the SCF , the way any real man would hand a completed Paint by Numbers to a pseudo - man .
I took the client ’s history form , sliding scale payment form and , of course , the SCF into the Audio / Visual room where my professor sat with a few of my classmates .
Disgusted , I handed the professor the SCF , and he began to scan some of the items :
I will be happy when I ’m Sixty - Four bilder vom iphone auf computer herunterladen .
I feel Fine .
“ Interesting , ” he said in that academic way people talk when they do n’t know what else to say .
“ No distinct pattern as of yet . ”
As he continued to read , the responses got less subtle :
I want To Hold Your Hand .
Happiness is A Warm Gun .
“ There could be something worthwhile here , Rob , but I ca n’t quite make out the arrangement just yet . ”
Finally , the last few hit him on the head :
I am The Walrus imo beta herunterladen .
Today is A Hard Day ’s Night .
Yesterday I Saw Her Standing
There .
After the professor had finished reading the last item , we looked at the T.V. monitor , only to see the client laughing out loud and pointing into the camera .
“ Why that …boorish man ! ” bellowed the professor .
“ He ’s making a mockery of projectives !
Using Beatles ’ songs no less ! ”
It was clever .
“ He ’s doing a pretty good job of it too , ” I noted whatsapp voor windows 10 downloaden .
“ Wait !
Do n’t you see ? ” said one of my classmates .
“ He ’s being passive - aggressive .
Just like his wife said he was .
The SCF was right ! ”
“ But we already knew he was passive - aggressive . ” I said , holding up his intake form .
“ It says it right here where you write in “ Presenting Problem . ”
And we only needed one line to learn that , not an entire set list from England ’s greatest export . ”
“ You go in there , ” the professor said , “ and you confront this behavior immediately .
This is therapy interfering behavior ! ”
“ But I ’m just a first - year , I ’m only doing Intakes .
I ’ve never done therapy in my life , ” I protested herunterladen .
“ Dobrenski , get in there and assert your position as a man of integrity .
If this man wants our help , he ’s going to have to respect us and , more importantly , the SCF . ”
During the professor ’s rant , the client must have left , because when I got back to the room , there was just a note :
Rob , you seem like an okay guy , but please understand that it ’s my wife who made me come here .
That questionnaire was a joke .
I do n’t want to waste any more of our time .
I do n’t need “ Help ! ” like she says I do .
I ’ve got my own “ Ticket to Ride , ” so there ’s no need for you to “ Carry That Weight . ”
“ All my Loving , ” X
I ’ve yet to meet a more Beatles savvy person than that client in the ten plus years since that incident .
Was the client a sociopath ?
Probably not , although he clearly had some disdain for the SCF , and probably psychology in general .
I do n’t use the SCF anymore , but I ’ve seen them in child clients ’ charts over the years in various clinics and hospitals herunterladen .
And when I see responses like “ I like doggies , ” I ca n’t help but think , “ Damn kid , you ca n’t do any better than that ? ”
If you enjoyed this piece please consider giving your blessing to my Facebook Fan Page .
Thank you .
( Visited 2,558 times , 1 visits today )
In an act of religious piety , hundreds of thousands of Indian women have their heads shaved , unaware that their valuable hair is then collected and used to support a multi-million - dollar fashion industry in the West .
It sounds like the ultimate story of exploitation .
But is it ?
Every day tens of thousands of Hindus make pilgrimages to the country 's biggest temples .
They make special requests to the gods or give thanks for wishes granted .
Many have no money to offer the gods ; the most valuable thing they can give is their hair .
The process is called tonsuring .
Indian women treasure their hair .
They nurture and condition it , keeping it free of dyes and bleaches .
At the temples in southern India , dozens of barbers are lined up 24 hours a day , wetting their razors and shaving the heads of visiting pilgrims .
In the past in India , temple hair was used to stuff mattresses , but now , that has all changed .
When the hair extension industry kicked off in the Western world , temples found they could sell sacrificed hair to the middle men of the hair extension industry for $ 200 to $ 300 a kilogram .
The hair is then brushed and combed by hand at a factory in Bangalore , before being shipped to the Rome headquarters of the self - proclaimed founder of hair extensions , David A Gold .
By now its value has jumped to $ 500 a kilogram .
The colour is removed from the hair and it is dyed a range of fashion colours , before being sent to hair salons in more than 50 countries across the Western world .
Women pay as much as $ 4,000 dollars for a longer , thicker head of hair .
Win-win
The hair industry claims the situation is a win-win .
The Indian women are able to make a sacrifice to the gods , the temples make money , which they claim they use to support pilgrims and community programs , and the hair industry in the West has a new product to work with and happy customers .
But there are critics of the process .
Jamelia , a British pop star and model , has used hair extensions , and at first was delighted at the look and the confidence they gave her .
But when a British documentary team took Jamelia to India to find the source of her hair , she became very concerned .
Watching a small child being tonsured reduced her to tears .
Jamelia now says women seeking hair extensions should check that their " new " hair has been obtained ethically .
Lucrative trade
While the pilgrims might not feel exploited , there is no question that hair is now a valuable commodity , and the hair extension industry is making some people very rich .
Should those providing the vital ingredient also share the bounty ?
“ Sister Bliss & Maxi Jazz , with Sudha Kheterpal on percussion , deliver two epic hours as the Faithless Soundsystem ; a stripped down decks & mc version of Faithless live . ”
Check out other Essential mixes in my archive and subscribe to the feed to get good music in the future .
You can also follow Core News on Facebook and Twitter .
BBC Radio 1 Essential Mix 2010 02 27 Faithless Sound System [ Uploaded.net download ]
Tracklist :
1. Faithless – Sun To Me ( Original Club Mix )
2. Simian Mobile Disco – Cruel Intentions ( DJ Pierre Mix )
3. Goldfrapp – Rocket
4. Faithless – Feel Me Now
5. Fenech - Soler – Lies ( Alex Metric Mix )
6. Michael Cleisz – The Beginning ( Spencer Parker Remix )
7. Black Box – Ride On Time ( Zombie Disco Squad Mashup )
8. Beltek – Running Backwards
9. Imogen Heap – Hide & Seek ( Joy Kitikonti Remix )
10 . Faithless – Insomnia ( Rene Amez Vs Sister Bliss Vs Tommy Trash Mashup )
11 . Graeme Lloyd – New World Translation
12 . The Temper Trap – Love Lost ( Rollo& Sister Bliss Remix )
13 . La Roux – Quicksand ( Alex Metric Mix )
14 . Ptm – Techno Trip – Starlight
15 . Juan Kidd vs Bobby T – We Come ( Faithless Soundsystem Mashup )
16 . Charles Ramirez – Working Hard
17 . Yeah Yeah Yeahs – Heads Will Roll ( A - Trak Mix )
18 . Hot Chip – One Night Stand ( Jooris Voorn Mix )
19 . deadmau5 – Strobe ( Michael Woods Mix )
20 . Gabe & Adam K – The Mask
21 . Slacker – I Have No Memory ( Final Tweak DJ’s Mix )
22 . Funkagenda – Flauta Magica
23 . Monaque – Id – Vapour
24 . Bent – As U Fall ( Kyau & Albert Mix )
25 . Dirty Vegas – Tonight ( Above & Beyond Mix )
26 . Gat Décor – Passion ( Original Mix )
27 . Faithless Faithless – Not Going Home ( Rollo & Sister Bliss Monster Acid Mix ) – Nate ’s Tunes
Help keeping the site running - Support Core News :)
The remarkable Italian artist Mario Mariotti ( 1936 -1997 ) is a conceptual artist who transforms his hands into odd , fantastic creatures .
He can turn hands into almost anything .
His book " Animani " showcased a great variety of wild animals and birds -- all hands , adorned with a lot of paint , a few toothpicks , string and some button eyes .
In this photo taken Friday , Jan. 22 , 2010 , the Chinese flag is seen near the Google sign at the Google china headquarters in Beijing , China .
Google 's future in China is in limbo and observers around the world are carefully tracking its dispute with Beijing .
But one group is notably lukewarm on the fate of the Internet giant in the world 's most populous online market : many of China 's 384 million Internet users .
( AP Photo / Ng Han Guan )
( AP ) -- A world without Google ?
They can imagine it just fine in China .
After all , it 's not like losing " World of Warcraft . "
The online giant 's threat to pull out of China over censorship has drawn little reaction among the country 's 384 million Internet users .
No flood of complaints to China 's consumer rights agency , like the tens of thousands received in one day when the online fantasy game " World of Warcraft " was yanked last year because of a bureaucratic turf battle .
Nor has there been the type of fury that saw 32,000 indignant gamers participate in an online chat session on the " World of Warcraft . "
" If Google leaves China , we 'll lose one search engine .
But we still have other choices , " said 28 - year - old Deng Zhiluo , who works in marketing in Beijing .
He said while Google 's search results are more " international , " most of what he wants can be found on Chinese competitor Baidu .
" For locals , Baidu is enough . "
The indifference of many Chinese points to a telling challenge for Google in the world 's most populous Internet market .
The Chinese Internet world is youthful , with people under 30 making up 61.5 percent of the online population , and Google 's cause is n't generating popular support among China 's wired teens and 20 - somethings .
" It 's like in the U.S. saying , ' You ca n't use Yahoo search anymore ' , " said T.R. Harrington , CEO of Shanghai - based Darwin Marketing , which specializes in China 's search engines .
" What would people say ?
' So what ?
I 'll use Google more , and I 'll try Bing and I might try a few other ones ... I do n't care . ' "
Google threatened three weeks ago to shut down its Chinese search engine , Google.cn , citing cyberattacks emanating from China plus attempts to snoop on dissidents .
Some Chinese admire the Mountain View , Calif . - based company 's stand and its " do n't be evil " image :
A few dozen laid flowers outside Google 's Beijing headquarters , and a few hundred joined a " Do n't Go Google " Web site before it was shut down for unknown reasons .
The trouble Google is having generating support among Chinese underscores how successfully the communist government controls information .
While authorities have set up an extensive network of Internet filters , blockades and monitoring - dubbed the " Great Firewall of China " - that 's only part of the picture .
China 's permissible Internet universe is flooded with choice , with 3.2 million registered Web sites offering politically acceptable news coverage and loads of diversions from shopping to music downloads .
The generation of Chinese currently in their teens and 20s are known for their love of consumerism and disdain for politics .
Most are n't interested in scaling the " Great Firewall " by using proxy servers or other technical subterfuges , according to Kaiser Kuo , a Beijing - based technology analyst .
Their favorite online activities : listening to music , chatting with friends and playing video games .
For many sites blocked by the government - including Facebook , YouTube and Twitter - there are readily available , government - approved Chinese substitutes : Youku and Tudou for videos , Kaixinwang and Renren for social networking .
Sina.com , the largest Internet portal , runs a Twitter - like microblogging site .
" Baidu does the same things as Google , " said 30 - year - old IT salesman Zheng Hongyi .
" And if it leaves there will be more companies coming up to fill this need . "
Beijing may be interested in seeking an accommodation .
Google is an innovator whose presence could spur innovation by Chinese competitors .
Blocking Google sites could encourage more Chinese to seek ways of getting around Internet controls .
That 's what happened last year when two government agencies prohibited Chinese sites from offering " World of Warcraft " while they battled over the right to regulate the lucrative online game .
Local stores started selling access cards that allowed Chinese fans to play the game on Taiwanese servers .
Google 's message is resonating with some Chinese .
Wen Yunchao , a popular blogger who writes about social issues and the Internet , said the publicity Google touched off has raised awareness about censorship and Internet access , especially in less worldly cities .
" A lot of people might not normally feel the existence of censorship .
This lets more people know , understand and like Google .
I 've heard in some second and third - tier cities , Google 's usage is increasing dramatically , " Wen said .
Outside big cities like Beijing and Shanghai , Google 's brand recognition is low , said Tangos Chan of Internet and technology blog China Web Radar .
When visiting his rural hometown in southeastern Fujian province a year or so ago , Chan found that some of his childhood friends " did n't really know what it was ... they just use Baidu . "
While Google is generally seen in China as the go - to site for searching overseas Web sites , Baidu is known for being better at finding Web sites in Chinese , both in China and abroad .
The Nasdaq - listed company also runs a popular message board , online encyclopedia and vast digital music library .
Baidu has about 60 percent of China 's search engine market , compared with Google 's 35 percent , according to Analysys International , a Beijing research firm .
" Baidu has more products that make it a destination for the average user in China , " said Harrington , the marketing specialist .
Also hurting Google is the Chinese government 's control of the country 's news media .
State - run media have glossed over the company 's allegations about China - based hacking attacks and instead portrayed the affair as a business decision by Google .
Many young Chinese believe that Google wants to leave because it 's being drubbed by Baidu .
State media recently hardened their stance , accusing the U.S. government of being behind the dispute , particularly after a speech by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Jan. 21 when she called on China to investigate the attacks that led to Google 's threat to pull out .
" Right now , a lot of netizens feel the American government was involved .
Google 's image is becoming more and more negative , " said Rao Jin , an online entrepreneur who recently launched google - liar.com .
" If Google leaves , we will be losing an Internet tool but we must be aware of national security threats . "
Rao has been successful in tapping popular sentiment in China .
He is the founder of anti-cnn.com , launched during ethnic rioting in Tibet in March 2008 and aimed at exposing alleged bias in Western media reports .
It still receives 1 million page views a day .
The 25 - year - old has such influence that he was among bloggers and other Chinese Internet personalities invited to round - table discussions at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing before President Barack Obama 's visit in November and after Clinton 's speech , in an effort by the State Department to sway Chinese public opinion .
Ironically , some of the anti-Google articles Rao posted on google - liar.com were found with the help of Google .
The Internet entrepreneur and his friends even use the company 's Gmail e-mail service .
Rao said he 's backing up his Gmail account and preparing to switch to a Chinese e-mail provider .
He said you can always find a ready Chinese substitute .
Explore further Google chided for China censorship deal
©2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Over the last several days there has been considerable hubbub around the notion that pioneering media theorist Jürgen Habermas might have signed up for Twitter as @JHabermas .
This would be “ important if true ” , as Jay Rosen put it .
Intrigued , I tracked him down through the University of Frankfurt .
I succeeded in getting him on the phone at his home in Sternburg , and asked him if he was on Twitter .
He said ,
No , no , no .
This is somebody else .
This is a mis-use of my name .
He added that “ my email address is not publicly available , ” which suggests that perhaps he did n’t quite understand what I was getting at .
In fact , the father of the public sphere does n’t seem to understand the internet very well at all , judging by his few previous references to the topic .
I know many people will be disappointed , especially @bitchphd who tweeted “ JURGEN HABERMAS is on twitter .
definitive response to all future articles about how stupid twitter is . ”
Personally I believe that Twitter is significant even without Habermas , but it ’s clear that this is an issue for the next generation of theorists to decide .
UPDATE : here is an audio recording of my question and his answer .
Hey all ,
Interested in trying out KDE SC 4.4 but do n’t want to do a full installation , risking system instability ?
Before my presentation at Wednesday ’s Phoenix Linux User Group meeting , it occured to me that I should bring a live image for folks to play with .
Unfortunately , I spun x86_64 live images , which are great for x86_64 folks , but pretty lametastic for everyone else .
So , our awesome KDE SIG and kde - redhat maintainer Rex Dieter , fixed that , and , after fixing my kickstart a few times of course ( : D ) we have unofficial i686 KDE 4.4 previews .
They lack the Fedora branding for legal reasons , but for all intents and purposes , it ’s the same system as you ’d get by installing Fedora 12 and then configuring KDE - redhat repos .
So , have at it .
Rex has three servers seeding , and I ’ll seed when I can 🙂
The image is 700 Mb total ( sorry ) so it does n’t fit on a CD , but is just about the perfect size for a 1 gb live usb .
We ’ll probably try to par down the image to fit a CD at some point , but for now this ‘ just works ’ 🙂
Any bugs that you may come across can be given to us either in # fedora - kde on IRC , or the fedora - kde mailing list . 🙂
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Rate this :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Uncategorized
Tags : Facebook Posts , FOSS , KDE , KDE 4.4 , PlanetFedora , PlanetKDE , PLUG
California insurance regulators asked Anthem Blue Cross to delay controversial rate increases of as much as 39 % for individual policies , hikes that have triggered widespread criticism from subscribers and brokers -- and now from the federal government .
In a rare step , the Obama administration called on California ’s largest for - profit insurer to justify its rate hikes , saying the increases were alarming at a time when subscribers face skyrocketing healthcare costs .
In a letter to Anthem ’s president , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius voiced serious concern over the higher premiums , which go into effect March 1 for many of the insurer ’s estimated 800,000 individual policyholders .
“ With so many families already affected by rising costs , I was very disturbed to learn through media accounts that Anthem Blue Cross plans to raise premiums for its California customers by as much as 39 % , ” Sebelius wrote to company President Leslie Margolin .
“ These extraordinary increases are up to 15 times faster than inflation and threaten to make healthcare unaffordable for hundreds of thousands of Californians , many of whom are already struggling to make ends meet in a difficult economy . ”
Woodland Hills - based Anthem said it would respond to Sebelius ’ request as soon as possible .
California Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner asked Anthem ’s parent company , Indianapolis - based WellPoint Inc. , to delay its rate increases until May 1 while an independent actuary , appointed by the state , could review them .
Poizner said in his letter to WellPoint ’s chief executive and chairman that he would stop
Anthem ’s rate increases if the actuary determines that the insurer spends less than 70 % of its premiums on benefits , as required by state law .
“ The premium increases Anthem proposes for critically needed individual health insurance could have a devastating financial impact on hundreds of thousands of its policyholders in California , ” Poizner wrote .
“ The Department [ of Insurance ] has received numerous complaints from irate Californians describing how Anthem ’s proposed rate increases would cripple them financially . ”
A WellPoint spokeswoman said she could n’t immediately respond to questions about the company ’s reaction to Poizner ’s request .
An Anthem spokeswoman said the company was reviewing Poizner ’s letter and did not have a reply Monday .
Anthem said its costs have been driven up in part because the weak economy has led many people in good health to forgo coverage , leaving those with greater medical needs in its pool of customers .
“ We regret the impact this has on our members , ” it said of its rate hikes .
“ It highlights why we need sustainable healthcare reform to manage the steadily rising costs of hospitals , drugs and doctors .
As such , it is important to go back to the beginning and get healthcare reform done right . ”
Anthem has declined to say how high it would raise rates or how many people would be affected .
But brokers who sell these policies said the increases were many and large .
They said they were fielding numerous calls from customers angry over premium increases of 30 % to 39 % , after similar ones just last year .
Many policyholders say the rate hikes are the largest they can remember .
Some speculated that the company was moving to raise rates ahead of possible national healthcare reform , pending in Congress .
Reform could require insurers to take all comers in the individual market , not only those they choose -- a step the industry has said would drive up costs .
Anthem members applauded state and federal officials for reviewing the matter .
“ I think all this is driven by money , ” said Los Angeles graphic designer Keith Knueven , whose rates will jump 37 % , to $ 393 a month from $ 287 .
“ It ’s hard for to me to understand how anyone can raise rates now when so many people do n’t have jobs . ”
Sebelius said Anthem ’s “ strong financial position ” made the increases “ even more difficult to understand . ”
She cited recent profit reported by its parent , WellPoint .
Last month Wellpoint announced an eightfold increase in profit for the last three months of 2009 , a surge attributed largely to the sale of subsidiaries .
“ I believe Anthem Blue Cross has a responsibility to provide a detailed justification for these rate increases to the public , ” Sebelius wrote .
“ Additionally , you should make public information on the percent of your individual market premiums that is used for medical care versus the percent that is used for administrative costs . ”
She continued : “ Policyholders in the individual market deserve to know if their premium increases would be invested in better medical care or insurance company overhead costs like salaries , profits , and advertising .
I am aware that the state of California is investigating this matter , and urge Anthem Blue Cross to cooperate fully .
In the meantime , I will be closely monitoring the situation .
“ At a time when healthcare costs are a critical threat to families as well as the nation ’s economy , I hope you appreciate the urgent nature of this request .
I look forward to your prompt reply . ”
duke.helfand@latimes.com
An Android 2.1 television ?
It seems the evolution of Android will extend past just being on various different mobile devices such as handset and netbook .
There is also rumors that our favorite OS will end up on set top boxes and DVR’s .
This little invention by Phillips looks really intriguing .
Philips has developed its own custom UI for Android and slapped it onto this big screen TV .
This is rumored to have built - in support DIVX / XVID and will come in either an 8 , 16 , 32 and 64 GB and should arrive sometime in the summer .
Here ’s a quick video demo .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QU4LnB1heS8&feature=player_embedded[/youtube]
[ via frandroid ]
Are you Looking to compare tire sizes before you make a purchase ?
Our tire size comparison calculator will help you compare up to 10 additional sizes .
Before you continue , please read the notes below .
We also recommend reviewing our Tire Tech section to understand how tires basically fit .
Directions
To compare tire sizes , first select your vehicle stock tire size .
Immediately available tire sizes that are with in plus or minus 3 % variance will be displayed .
Select the tire sizes to compare to your stock size and click ' Compare Selected Sizes ' .
Tire Calculator Notes :
Here we go again .
Another quack responds to criticism by threatening legal action .
And yet again , a craven ISP ( Wordpress ) caves and suspends a blogger ’s account .
This time , the quack is someone called Andreas Moritz .
Check out his website .
He thinks cancer does n’t kill people , rather it ’s the patient ’s “ conflicts , guilt and shame ” that “ paralyze the body ’s most basic functions ” and allow the tumors to grow .
That ’s right – it ’s the patient ’s fault for allowing the cancer to grow .
So obvious .
But not to fear , because Moritz has the cures .
Or rather , he can sell you the cures .
Seriously .
Just check out the woo he has for sale .
My favorite ?
A tough choice , but high on the list would have to be the Mongolian Holy Stones :
Mongolian Holy Stones are proactive healing stones that are mined in Inner Mongolia where most of the world 's Rare Earth compounds are mined .
The locals call it " holy " because it heals on contact .
Years of testing by six recognized International Research Institutes provides us with the information on how the Mongolian Holy Stone produces its miracles .
Some of this information is included later in this section .
Here ’s a picture of them - $ 40 for one 4 ” x 3 ” stone :
And what of the “ Years of testing by six [ six ! ] recognized International Research Institutes ” that will be “ included later in this section ” ?
Clearly , he must have details of these years of tests , as he claims ?
Well , not so much .
All we actually have , is this :
What is " Holy " ?
Infrared energy at .98 (+/-) microns is " holy . "
It is invisible and it heals .
Well , that ’s OK then .
It ’s invisible and it heals .
Phew , I ’m glad we ’re not dealing with just some inert stone that does absolutely nothing .
Not convinced by holy stones ?
Want to try something more tangible ?
Something that will produce a definite measurable result ?
Well , you ’re in luck because Moritz also sells The Colema Boards Home Enema Kit – just $ 278 ( plus $ 45 shipping ) to “ simplify self - administration of an enema in the privacy of your own home . ”
Here ’s a picture of what you get ( toilet , chair and bucket not included ) :
But that ’s not the best part .
If you want a really good laugh , click on the enema board “ how to ” video for how to set up and use it .
Seriously .
Funniest thing I ’ve seen all week .
Trust me - the sound effects are especially hilarious .
I think that ’ll do .
If you still think Moritz has something worthwhile to offer , you ’re probably beyond help .
Read Orac ’s post Andreas Moritz and trying to shut down valid scientific criticism : A sine qua non of a quack for the detailed explanation of all that is wrong with Moritz ’s numerous claims .
Also in that post you ’ll read the full text of Moritz ’s threatening email to the original blogger – the threat that includes this gem :
My investigations show me where you live and where you study ( Augusta , Amine ) ...
Because , “ I know where you live ” has always been a compelling scientific argument .
Additional Information
Here are some links to additional articles about Andreas Moritz :
Orac on Andreas Moritz , Cancer Cures Quack .
Steven Novella on Christopher Maloney naturopath quack and Andreas Moritz , Cancer Cures Quack .
PZ on Andreas Moritz , Cancer Cures Quack .
Orac ’s earlier post on Andreas Moritz , Cancer Cures Quack .
And from the original threatened blogger himself ( on what is apparently a different blog that has not been pulled ) , Michael Hawkins on Andreas Moritz , Cancer Cures Quack .
Oh , and if I had my blog with Wordpress , right now I ’d be doing all I could to move it elsewhere , pronto .
Alexei Zhamnov : “ I decided to return ” ( Photo © newsru.com )
Former NHL and Team Russia center Alexei Zhamnov decided to lace them up again after more than three years of absence .
The 39 years old from Moscow , Russia , spent the last seasons as KHL‘s Vityaz Chekhov General Manager .
This is what he declared to Sport - Express :
Zhamnov : “ It ’s extremely unpleasant that they consider us guilty for the fight during the game against Avangard .
It ’s not correct , and I want people to talk well about Vityaz .
Therefore I decided to return on ice , but for now I will only train with the team so to understand my physical conditions .
After this , probably , I will sign a contract with the club until the end of this season . ”
Alexei Zhamnov played a total of 807 NHL games , with 249 goals , 470 assists and 719 points .
He spent 13 seasons in North America , with the Winnipeg Jets , Chicago Blackhawks , Philadelphia Flyers and Boston Bruins .
He also played the NHL All - Star Game in the 2001 - 2002 season .
News
10 November 2020 , Virtual event
The 2nd Global Slag Seminar will allow all attendees to maximise their profits from slag - both ferrous and non-ferrous , will keep them up - to - date with the industry state - of - the - art and will provide extensive networking and business opportunities for both producers and users of slag and slag - based products .
If your business is slag , make it your business to attend the seminar !
Find out more about the 2nd Global Slag Seminar
Conferences
Featured Article - Slag product applications
Applications of iron and steelmaking slag products - by MPA Slag
Read more : Slag product applications
The AIST Steel Wheel - an overview of Iron and Steelmaking processes
About Global Slag
Global Slag addresses critical areas for slag producers and users alike for both the iron & steel industry and for the cement and construction materials industries around the world .
The Global Slag Conference is now established as the world 's best meeting place for slag professionals .
Alongside discussion of the latest innovations , the event provides vital exhibition and networking opportunities .
Formerly published as a separate magazine until 2008 , slag continues to be more than adequately covered as a regular feature section in Global Cement Magazine .
In addition , Global Slag 's webpage continues to offer the latest news , information and industry links , as well as providing downloadable articles from Global Slag Magazine 's extensive archives .
An international agency that once brushed off the potential of wind energy has become one its biggest supporters .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) released a special report on wind power , saying that with continued improvements in technology and support from governments , offshore wind farms could generate more than 420,000 terawatt - hours per year worldwide — which is more than 18 times global electricity demand today .
Offshore Wind Outlook 2019 is a 98 - page document that looks at technological advances , market forces and a geospatial analysis of where wind power can work .
It 's a snippet of the group 's annual world energy report , which will be released on Nov. 13 .
IEA , which was founded in 1974 to coordinate a response to disruptions in the flow of oil , has since expanded to explore all energy issues .
" Offshore wind currently provides just 0.3 % of global power generation , but its potential is vast , " said Dr. Fatih Birol , the IEA ’s executive director , in a press release .
" More and more of that potential is coming within reach , but much work remains to be done by governments and industry for it to become a mainstay of clean energy transitions . "
It 's also an economic opportunity as wind is on track to become a $ 1 trillion business , which may explain , in part , the agency 's dramatic change of heart .
As David Vetter explains in Forbes :
" ... the IEA was for many years unconvinced of the potential of renewable energy sources , including wind , to produce sufficient energy for the world ’s needs .
In 2000 , renewables were little more than an ' also - ran ' category in the agency ’s report for that year . "
Science is changing attitudes toward wind power
The first floating offshore wind turbine , floatgen , is pictured off La Turballe in western France .
SEBASTIEN SALOM GOMIS / AFP / Getty Images
This backs up earlier research looking at the amount of wind energy available for harvest over our oceans .
According to the study published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , there 's enough energy over the oceans to " potentially provide civilization - scale power . "
To harvest that power , we would need to cover enormous stretches of the sea with turbines , a monumental engineering feat that would also have real environmental consequences .
So while actually powering human civilization with wind power alone is probably impractical , the study demonstrates that floating wind farms have an immense untapped potential .
" I would look at this as kind of a green light for that industry from a geophysical point of view , " said one of the study 's researchers , Ken Caldeira of the Carnegie Institution for Science in Stanford , California .
The reason offshore wind power has so much more potential than land - based wind farms is that wind speeds can be as much as 70 percent higher over the sea .
Part of that is because natural and human structures on land create friction that slows wind down , but researchers also found that wind over the ocean circulates from higher altitudes .
" Over land , the turbines are just sort of scraping the kinetic energy out of the lowest part of the atmosphere , whereas over the ocean , it ’s depleting the kinetic energy out of most of the troposphere , or the lower part of the atmosphere , " explained Caldeira .
The study found that it would take a 3 million square kilometer wind installation over the ocean to provide all of humanity ’s current power needs , or 18 terawatts .
That 's a lot of turbines ; it would need to cover an area roughly the size of Greenland .
Still , it 's possible .
I 'm absolutely thrilled that the good people of Vermont who organized the opposition to this plant were so successful , since the plant was leaking radioactive tritium into the water .
However , Vermont still has to figure out how it 's going to replace that energy :
The Vermont Senate blocked efforts by Entergy Corp. to win a 20 - year license renewal for its Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant , an action that could encourage opponents of nuclear energy in other states .
The Senate vote , which was 26 to four , marks the first time a license renewal has been thwarted , and it sets the stage for the plant 's closure by 2012 , when the license expires .
The vote was striking because the state relies on the plant for a third of its electricity .
In the past , license renewals have been routine , allowing energy companies to squeeze more life out of aging plants .
To date , the NRC has renewed 59 reactor licenses , and 19 are pending .
The vote , which reflected fears about safety after leaks of radioactive tritium were discovered at the plant last year , is a blow to Entergy , which had planned to spin off six reactors , including Vermont Yankee , into the nation 's first stand - alone nuclear power company , to be called Enexus Energy Corp .
With Google releasing 100,000 invites to test the beta version of the much - hyped Wave , one enterprising blogger decided to capitalize on all the buzz surrounding the new messaging and collaboration tool by selling his invite on eBay .
Hagan Blount , a 30 - year - old food blogger based in Baltimore , had been listening to the chatter about Wave and hatched the idea to auction his invite on eBay .
" I figured there 's a whole lot of buzz .
I wonder how many hits this would get ? " he said .
Of course , Mr. Blount had n't yet received his invite , but he said that a software developer friend of his who did not wish to be identified had promised to procure one for him .
Mr. Blount commenced the auction on Tuesday night , and by the time he had woken up at 6 a.m.
Wednesday , the day that Google would be releasing Wave invites , his auction had already received 12,000 hits .
As the day wore on , he received about 33 bids for the Google Wave invite , with the winning bid reaching $ 157 .
One eBay user tried to set up two accounts and entered a bid for $ 5,000 , which Mr. Blount quickly deleted .
Dozens of questions piled up in his eBay account inbox , asking him if the Wave invite was real , and if so , whether it could be purchased on the spot .
One man from Sweden offered $ 700 to buy it outright , and another who identified himself as " a businessman " said he would pony up $ 27,000 if the invite was authentic .
However , Mr. Blount said he received an automated message from eBay , saying that he was violating the site 's terms of service by trying to sell an item without owning the copyright .
" I 'm sure somebody flagged it for a terms - of - use violation because they did n't think of the idea , " he said .
" This was more of an experiment , to see what it was going to become , rather than trying to sell the thing . "
© Lee Judge
Why in the world was losing one senator such a terrible blow to the Democrats ?
Yes , they no longer have a “ supermajority ” in the Senate , and thus cannot automatically stop filibusters .
But they still have a majority in the Senate , a majority in the House , not to mention the presidency .
Is n’t that enough ?
And the former Democratic “ supermajority ” included two Senators who were not actually Democrats ( one of whom is Joe Lieberman ) , not to mention a mess o’ blue dogs .
If the Democrats require more than a majority in order to get anything done , then we may as well pack up our democracy and go home .
When is a Warhol not a Warhol ?
The $ 2 million self - portrait turning the art world on its head
By ADRIAN LEVY and CATHY SCOTT - CLARK
This self - portrait by Andy Warhol was worth $ 2 m .
Then the mysterious organisation which controls his estate gave it the red stamp every Warhol collector dreads .
Now it 's worthless .
Adrian Levy and Cathy Scott - Clark report on why even in death the creator of Pop Art is turning the art world on its head
The most disputed work of art in the world today is this screen print of Andy Warhol
The most disputed work of art in the world today measures 20in by 16in .
It 's not unique , nor did its artist actually make it .
It 's a screen print - one of a series of ten - recreating a photograph taken in a passport booth in the Sixties .
But the artist is in it ; sallow - cheeked , dead - eyed , unmistakeably Andy Warhol .
His face is set against a pillar - box red background , hence the name - the Red Series ( you might recognise it from the posters used by London 's Tate Modern gallery to promote its sell - out Warhol retrospective in 2002 ) .
An acetate was made from the original photo and applied to a silk screen .
Ink was pushed through the fine mesh on to rough cotton canvas by a technician in a commercial print shop in New Jersey , employing a technique that was then mostly used by American tie manufacturers - an industrial birth befitting a product from the art studio Warhol famously named The Factory .
Warhol was not even present in a process of remote manufacture that became the norm for the artist over the next decade .
Complicating matters further , this was not even the first time that the photo booth snap had been used .
In 1964 Warhol had made 11 prints from it at his Manhattan studio ; these were , mostly , not red .
They were printed on linen with different coloured inks for the backgrounds , the layers of the image overlapping , like the famous Marilyn Monroe portraits .
In the Sixties , Warhol had delighted in the superficiality of what he produced .
' If you want to know all about Andy Warhol , just look at the surface ... and there I am .
There 's nothing behind it .'
The ' Denied ' stamp at the back of the Warhol self - portrait
And the market agreed .
The 1964 self - portraits were traded for a few hundred dollars .
His 1965 Red Series was given away .
Even his paintings that drew inspiration from the supermarket shelf fetched little , an entire group of 32 Campbell 's Soup Cans produced in 1962 selling for just $ 1,000 .
But after Warhol died in 1987 , prices began to creep up .
In 1996 , the soup cans were bought by New York 's Museum of Modern Art for $ 15 million .
The Economist called Warhol ' a bellwether for the art market ' , generating $ 500 million in 2007 alone .
The Eight Elvises sold for $ 100 million in 2008 ; his 200 One Dollar Bills went for $ 43.8 million last year .
He is in the same bankable elite as Pablo Picasso and Jackson Pollock .
Joe Simon , a film producer now based in London , caught an early wave by buying a Red Series picture in 1989 .
Simon had decided to invest in Warhol , having met the artist and some of his inner circle when he was a teenager in New York .
Knowing the vagaries of the Warhol market , he took advice from the experts : key figures from the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts .
Thus assured , he bought it for $ 195,000 from the Lang & O'Hara Gallery in New York in 1989 .
By 2001 art market values were rising steeply , and Simon 's picture was worth $ 2 million : he decided to sell .
At this point he says he was persuaded to send it in to be included in a new encyclopaedia of Warhol 's works that was being prepared by the Foundation .
It came back - he was told it was no longer a Warhol .
Just to rub it in , ' DENIED ' had been stamped in red ink on the back of the canvas , leaving it worthless .
Warhol and Gerard Malanga at The Factory in the Sixties heyday of the legendary studio
He is far from alone .
Influential London art dealer Anthony d'Offay also owns a picture from the Red Series , signed and dated by Warhol .
He sold his prestigious collection to the nation at a reduced price in 2008 , and was much praised by Gordon Brown for doing so , but has since been forced to withdraw his picture from the deal after it was also denied , even though the Tate claims it is genuine .
On the other hand , Gerard Malanga , one of Warhol 's principal aides , has told Live magazine how the Foundation has ' confirmed ' a work as a Warhol that he says simply cannot be a Warhol - because Malanga made it .
All parties will of course argue for the urgent need for clarity in the best interests of art .
Out of up to 1,200 applications each year , the Andy Warhol Art Authentication Board , an offshoot of the Foundation , says it rejects less than one in five .
But Warhol , who set out to query the very nature of art by making it into a commodity , would have been intrigued to see how the concerns grow in line with auction prices ; eminent art critic Richard Dorment says the whole authentication saga has now entered ' the realms of farce ' .
But this farce will soon be a very public affair .
Because Malanga and Simon are now threatening to shed light on the secretive contemporary art market by taking the Foundation to court .
Much of Warhol 's collection - 100,000 prints , paintings and drawings - was left to the Foundation formed after his death in 1987 .
Its pockets are deep , releasing more than $ 200 million in grants since its inception , financed by the sale of his art .
As well as trading in Warhols and licensing the reproduction of his iconic images globally , the Foundation has come to control the market by deciding what is and what is not a genuine work .
To do this it has been working on a catalogue raisonné a multi-volumed encyclopaedia that when completed is supposed to list every Warhol and is known as the ' cat res ' among dealers .
In 1995 it also created the Authentication Board to police the market .
This decidedly untransparent collective rarely comments on what it does but its decisions can send a work 's value soaring at auction or consign it to a skip .
Ivan Karp , a celebrated New York dealer , who in the early Sixties acted as Warhol 's first unofficial manager , and who today runs the OK Harris gallery on West Broadway , said : ' There 's no other business of this magnitude and with this volume of trades that remains completely unregulated and whose decisions - on authenticity - remain completely opaque .
And with Warhol , an artist who strived to remove himself from his art , having faith in these organs is critical if the market is to be sustained . '
With Old Masters , such as Rembrandt , academics scrutinise the brush strokes or the application of paint , and also use science to determine who painted a work .
Malanga , the aide taking legal action , told Live : ' Warhol dealt mostly in prints , and in multiples , producing 250 Marilyns and anywhere between 650 and 900 Flower pictures .
He was a whirlwind whose commercial methods like silk screening also generated any number of un-numbered and unsigned " out of edition " works - extra prints produced to allow for smudges and tears .
So with an artist like him , to make these judgements is far from easy .
And the actual processes deployed by the Board remain a mystery . '
The famous Liza Minnelli ( left ) and Marilyn Monroe ( right ) portraits .
Warhol is in the same bankable elite as Pablo Picasso and Jackson Pollock
All that is set to change , however , with the court case that centres on the Red Series self - portraits .
In 1989 , Joe Simon approached Fred Hughes , formerly Warhol 's business manager , and after the artist 's death a key figure in the Foundation .
Simon also knew Vincent Fremont , the Foundation 's exclusive sales agent , who had worked with Hughes to validate works by Warhol before the creation of the Authentication Board in 1995 .
Both Hughes and Fremont recommended Simon buy the Warhol self - portrait .
The work was undoubtedly vintage Warhol , Simon claims to have been told .
' Warhol 's signature was on the back , which explained its inflated price tag : $ 195,000 , ' he said .
Before trying to sell , Simon and his anonymous buyer were allegedly approached by the Foundation to have the picture included in the ' cat res ' .
Although it had already been authenticated , Simon and the buyer were said to have been advised that doing so would increase the value of the picture .
' What 's been happening with these portraits is a kind of art world putsch .
The Board is un-Warholing Andy Warhol '
Simon agreed .
He contacted Fremont , allegedly meeting up with him in Los Angeles to get help wording his submission .
Yet the picture subsequently came back with its ' DENIED ' stamp .
Furious , Simon contacted the Board but it would n't reveal its reasoning .
Simon sought out Fremont again .
Court papers allege the sales agent advised him to ' trace the history of the piece ' .
Simon started digging , accruing massive bills .
In 2003 , he submitted a bulging file of sworn statements and photographs supporting his Red Series picture to the Board .
Among the art - world insiders supporting his case were Sir Nicholas Serota , director of the Tate , whose curators in London had concluded that the work was a Warhol .
Warhol 's former business manager , Paul Morrissey , said so , too .
Although he had never been contacted by the Board , Morrissey signed a statement declaring that he recalled the manufacture of Simon 's picture .
' We wanted to find another way to make money , ' he said .
He claimed that the Red Series was conceived to barter for a video camera , then new technology .
The intermediary was Richard Ekstract , now a New York publishing tycoon .
Ekstract told Live that he used his contacts to get the equipment Warhol needed , while Warhol ' designed the Red Series of self - portraits ' .
Taking telephone bids for Warhol 's Small Torn Campbell 's Soup Can at Christie 's in New York in 2006 .
It went for $ 11.8 million
Warhol selected a photo - booth shot of himself .
' Andy had acetate transparencies made and gave them to Ekstract , ' recalled Morrissey .
Warhol then dealt with the printers , Norgus , in New Jersey , by phone .
According to Billy Name , Warhol 's collaborator and one - time lover , who became The Factory 's official photographer , the Red Series was an important stepping stone for Warhol , who would in the Seventies turn increasingly to remote manufacture .
Name , 69 , tall , with a long , grey beard and ponytail , was also not approached by the Board .
He has returned to live in Poughkeepsie , a small town on the Hudson River , where he was born .
' Andy did n't have time to be bothered with printing those things , ' he said .
' He was busy doing other stuff .
Afterwards he gave some to Ekstract as payment and all are as Warhol as can be . '
So it appears Warhol commissioned the Red Series , supervised its manufacture , and was proud of the results .
In 1969 , he dedicated and signed a copy of one of the pictures for ' Bruno B ' , his nickname for Bruno Bischofberger , a Swiss art dealer and his business partner in Europe .
The following year a Red Series picture illustrated the cover of an early ' cat res ' project on Warhol 's work compiled by Professor Rainer Crone , one of the first academics to document Warhol 's art .
In 1986 , when Warhol came to London for an exhibition of self - portraits staged by Anthony d'Offay , Warhol signed d'Offay 's copy of the catalogue , his black marker pen racing across the image .
After Warhol 's death , two Red Series pictures that he gave as gifts to silk screen printers were sold at auction with a Christie 's catalogue stating that the pictures came ' directly from the artist ' .
The provenance was good enough for veteran Parisian dealer Daniel Templon , who bought one that he then sold in 1988 to Ronald Feldman , a distinguished New York dealer , and formerly a close Warhol ally .
Now a powerful voice in the Warhol market , Feldman told Live that he verified the picture with the Warhol estate in May 1988 before he sold it , too - this picture ending up with Simon .
Within a decade of Warhol 's death , the Bruno B version had been bought by a private collector in Germany and in 1996 was exhibited at the Hamburger Bahnhof museum in Berlin .
Words on the back of a postcard produced for the show reveal that the image was copyrighted and licensed by the Foundation in New York which evidently still endorsed the work .
Towards the end of the decade d'Offay himself bought the picture , again checking with the Foundation , before selling it to Charles Schwab , an American investment tycoon , and chairman of the board of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art .
However , by 2003 , Simon 's picture was inexplicably no longer a Warhol .
Despite having been made using material supplied by Warhol and the earlier endorsement of Fremont and Hughes , the Board now declared : ' We know of no independently verifiable documentation to indicate that Warhol sanctioned anyone to make the picture . '
' If you want to know all about Andy Warhol , just look at the surface ... and there I am .
There 's nothing behind it ' .
Above , Warhol and The Velvet Underground with Nico
Schwab , who was also invited to submit his work for verification purportedly to have it included in the ' cat res ' , had his denied too .
A perplexed d'Offay had to pay back the £ 1 million he had charged them .
The Board concluded in its surreal ruling : ' It is the opinion of the Authentication Board that said work is NOT the work of Andy Warhol , but that said work was signed , dedicated , and dated by him . '
Another of the Red Series also emerged in Sussex , belonging to salvage expert David Mearns , who claimed that his family had been persistently asked to present their picture for inclusion in the ' cat res ' too - a claim the Foundation disputes .
Mearns declined , as did Ekstract , who revealed that he had been similarly approached and had also refused to send in his Red Series picture .
As uproar over the Board 's behaviour intensified on both sides of the Atlantic , Ronald Spencer , the Board 's dapper lawyer , gave an interview in 2005 .
' It has to do with the intent of the artist ...
If Warhol conceived the idea and he then directed someone else to prepare a silkscreen , and he then supervised the process of production and in effect signed off on it , whether or not he signed his name to it , as long as he said , " That 's good , that 's what I wanted , " Warhol created that work , ' he said .
But had Warhol not designed and commissioned the Red Series , works he 'd supervised , signed , gifted and promoted , and that the Foundation had itself copyrighted in 1996 ?
Ivan Karp , the New York art dealer who orginally inspired Warhol to create the 1964 series of self - portraits , told Live : ' It 's a kind of putsch .
The Board is un-Warholing Warhol . '
Karp pulls out two square Warhol self - portraits from a drawer .
The first is blue , the second red .
They were produced from an acetate provided by Warhol to a college in Detroit that printed them .
Pleased with the results , Warhol had signed the work , while the Board had rejected them - three times .
While researching his picture , Simon learned that the signature on the back , which had dramatically increased its price , had been applied by the Foundation using a rubber stamp .
Simon has since found many others whose work had been similarly ' signed ' .
Exasperated , he launched a legal action .
To get around the waiver barring such a move , his lawyers looked for a pattern behind the Board 's decision - making that might render the contract void .
They argued that rather than being obtuse , error - prone or misadvised , the Foundation and Board were trying to restrain the market at times of glut and rehydrate it during a drought .
Seth Redniss , a New York advocate acting for Simon , drafted writs that accused them of steering a conspiracy to monopolise and rig the trade , favouring some dealers over others , fixing prices and dealing fraudulently with submissions .
Last summer , a judge allowed Simon to proceed with a period of disclosure - both sides demanding reams of confidential documents from the other - a process that should be completed this spring .
For the first time the Board and the Foundation will have to explain how they pull the rabbit from the hat .
The Board has given little public response to these events .
It said : ' There are clear distinctions between what Warhol made and what he did not .
The goal of the Andy Warhol Art Authentication Board is to clarify these distinctions . '
The Andy Warhol Foundation knows what is at stake but Joel Wachs , president since 2001 , told Live he wanted to refrain from ' litigating in public . '
Instead , the Foundation that sits on assets of approximately $ 300 million and spent $ 681,824 in legal bills last year alone , recently hired David Boies , one of the most feared and expensive U.S. anti-trust lawyers .
Nick Gravantes , working with Boies , welcomed Live into his firm 's Lexington Avenue offices .
' We are trial lawyers and have not , I 'd suggest , been hired to make the peace , ' Gravantes said .
' Not only will we win but we are coming after Simon .
We 'll extract millions in a counter - suit for wasting our client 's time in fighting a spurious case . '
There is a suitably surreal postscript to the saga .
Wrapped in a black , ankle - length Astrakhan coat , a fur shapka flapping around his ears , Gerard Malanga meets us on the frozen station platform at the genteel town of Hudson , two hours north of Manhattan .
Now 65 , he worked for Warhol from 1963 to 1970 , overseeing the creation of hundreds of prints at The Factory , having started as a technician on $ 1.25 an hour .
' Before I arrived , Andy was doing stuff on his mother Julia 's kitchen table , ' Malanga recalls .
But then Warhol mechanised the creative process , transforming The Factory into an assembly line to mass - produce pictures .
In the early Seventies Malanga left Warhol to photograph and write .
He paid little attention to the rising hubbub surrounding his mentor until a chance encounter in 2004 got him thinking again .
He saw American sculptor John Chamberlain , who said he had made millions ( a reported $ 3.8 million ) by selling a set of Warhol prints entitled the 315 Johns .
Malanga claims he created the prints himself , working independently of Warhol in 1971 .
Supposedly made for a show at the Guggenheim Museum , they were not used , and finally ended up stored in Chamberlain 's attic .
' I stewed over it for weeks , got mad and the following year called a lawyer , ' says Malanga .
He is now suing for $ 250,000 in damages and $ 3 million in compensation .
Chamberlain says Warhol gave him the prints in 1967 in return for a sculpture .
His lawyers argue that even if Malanga made the prints , the artist ' was the conceiver of the work ' , a line of reasoning accepted by the Foundation and Board .
Yet what appears to be the same history and artistic process have led to the opposite result for the Red Series .
How can there be two such different outcomes ?
Yo dawg .
I heard you like cats , so I put a cat on your cat so you can pet your cat 's cat when you pet your cat 's back .
Denver now appears to have more marijuana dispensaries than liquor stores , Starbucks coffee shops or public schools , according to city and corporate records .
A push by City Council members to regulate the medical marijuana industry and restrict where dispensaries can locate appears to have prompted a surge in sales - tax license applications , city officials say .
As of last week , Denver had issued more than 300 sales - tax licenses for dispensaries .
That number slightly exceeds the number of Starbucks coffee shops in Denver and surrounding areas , calculated within a 50 - mile radius .
It is roughly twice the number of the city ’s public schools .
It exceeds the number of retail liquor stores in Denver by about a third .
The pace picked up , acting City Treasurer Steve Ellington said , after the council put the public on notice that restrictions are coming on where new dispensaries can set up shop .
( The increase also followed an opinion from Attorney General John Suthers that medical marijuana was not exempt from sales - tax laws . )
At least 170 of the dispensaries got sales - tax licenses in December .
Ellington said his office is getting about 25 sales - tax applications a day for dispensaries .
That pace prompted the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws to recently name Denver “ America ’s Cannabis Capital . ”
On a per capita basis , there are now slightly more medical marijuana dispensaries with a sales - tax license in Denver than there are dispensaries in the city of Los Angeles , where medical marijuana has attracted national media attention .
To receive a Denver sales - tax license , dispensaries must show they have a location where they plan to do business and must show they plan to open up within 90 days .
Possessing a license does n’t mean a dispensary is operating , but that its owners have applied to collect taxes at a specific location within 90 days .
The state constitution ’s Amendment 20 , passed by voters in 2000 , legalized medical marijuana .
The amendment created a patient registry but did not specify how the system of “ caregivers ” would be set up .
As a result , dispensaries have cropped up across the state , offering medical marijuana with little or no regulation or zoning .
New regulations under consideration could reshape the dimensions of the medical marijuana industry in Denver .
A majority of the Denver City Council seems intent on restricting dispensaries from locating within 1,000 feet of one another .
Most council members also want to ban dispensaries from operating within 1,000 feet of schools or child - care facilities .
The council met in committee recently and grappled with determining a deadline for when those new restrictions should take effect .
The committee ended up forwarding to the full council a proposal that would allow those dispensaries that had a sales - tax license on or before Jan. 1 , 2010 , to escape the new distance requirements .
Some council members wanted an earlier deadline , which would winnow down the number of dispensaries .
If the council moved the sales - tax deadline up to before Dec. 1 , more than 100 of the dispensaries would be in violation of the new distance regulations , the treasury department determined .
Councilman Charlie Brown , who is pushing the package of regulations , said he now wants to move the active sales - tax deadline to Dec. 15 as a compromise between council members wanting a tighter deadline and those who want looser restrictions .
The treasury department is preparing a new analysis that would determine how that Dec. 15 deadline would affect dispensaries .
Brown said he thinks the marketplace will end up thinning out many of those rushing to get into the dispensary business anyway and will bring the number of dispensaries down to a lower level .
He adds that new criminal background checks that the council probably will require also probably will shut down some operators .
The full council is scheduled to meet Monday to give initial consideration to the regulations , which would bar people who have completed any portion of a felony sentence within the past five years from opening a dispensary .
The regulations also would bar on - site consumption of medical marijuana at dispensaries .
The council is scheduled to meet again Jan. 11 for a public hearing and final consideration of the new regulations .
Christopher N. Osher : 303-954-1747 or cosher@denverpost.com
Damon Dunn : Republican for State Office
Damon Dunn :
Republican for State Office
Damon Dunn
Damon Dunn knows what it ’s like to be a rookie .
He faced it when he started different stages of his last career –his first year playing football at Stanford and his first NFL game .
Now he faces it again in politics , campaigning as a Republican to be California ’s next Secretary of State despite having never run for public office or voted prior to Mayor of this year .
But what he lacks in experience , the 33 - year - old makes up for it with years of community service and a passion to reach the six million eligible voters who have n’t registered as the state ’s chief elections officer .
“ I ’ve grown to a point in my life where I feel I ’m ready to serve on that level , ” Dunn said in an interview with the Sentinel .
After a brief five - game career in the NFL , followed by a stint in NFL Europe , he co-founded a successful real estate firm in Orange County that earned him millions .
It was a far cry from his days growing up in Texas .
Born to a 16 - year - old single mother , Dunn grew up in a trailer park in poverty .
His father , Mike Lockett , was killed when he was three years old in an automobile accident and by 16 , three of Dunn ’s friends were dead .
It did n’t stop him from becoming an All - State running back in high school or earning a scholarship to Stanford , where set several records as a kick returner .
He was more than an athlete though .
A member of the National Honor Society who graduated with a degree in public policy , his grades placed him on the Academic All - Pac 10 Team .
While a student - athlete , he served as an associate pastor at Jerusalem Baptist Church in Palo Alto , which earned him an article in JET magazine .
He ’s currently an ordained Baptist minister who attends Saddleback Baptist Church .
Dunn also explained why he became a Republican , in a contrast to most registered Black voters .
He went over the history of how most Blacks became Democrat after President Richard Nixon ’s Southern Strategy .
It was decisions based “ not out of principle , ” he said , but “ out of empathy ” to a party that embraced them .
But he believes the views of most Blacks are in line with Republican philosophy , especially in lieu of the debate over Proposition 8 ,
“ There are a lot of African Americans that are conservative fiscally and socially as well , but we do n’t have the welcoming face in the Republican Party , ” Dunn said .
Besides his inexperience , he knows his biggest hurdle will be him not voting prior to this past May .
He said there was no excuse or justification for that but explained that no one in his family had voted before .
“ You did n’t understand the importance of voting and I took those bad habits into my adulthood , ” he said .
It was n’t until someone he trusted pulled him aside and explained why voting was important .
Now he feels that his background can help him reach many who were in his position .
“ I can reach people where the highest density of non-voters are such as Watts and East Los Angeles , ” Dunn said .
His community work in Latino and African - American communities started in college when he was the Executive Director of the East Palo Alto Stanford Summer Academy .
That commitment to education has continued to this day where he volunteers in elementary schools in Santa Ana as part of the Latino Educatoinal Attainment ( LEA ) Initiative .
While he is considered a longshot , he ’s eager to not just make an impact in the race , but also help change the perception of Blacks in the Republican Party .
“ I can be the guy in this party that bridges the gap and say I understand there ’s been a lack of empathy , compassion and connection but we have a message here about fiscal responsibility that we align on . ”
“ Tickle Cock is how the bridge has been known for generations .
We love the name , it has got character and history .
We do n't want a name there for posterity that is wrong . ”
This photograph , as incredible as it may sound , was taken more than a century ago .
The photographer was Adolfo Farsari .
The images he captured , of a bygone world , are breathtaking .
Advertisement
Farsari's story is nearly as interesting as the photographs he took .
A former enlisted man for the Union in the Civil War , Farsari became the West 's chief chronicler of images of Japanese landscapes and daily life near the end of the 19th century .
He produced sepia monochrome prints in his studio that were then hand - colored by local artists .
Rudyard Kipling was a fan , as were any number of wealthy European and American tourists .
Farsari 's technical proficiency is astounding , given the limitations of the period .
The results speak for themselves , and for an era long past .
[ Quazen ]
The House ethics committee has admonished Rep. Charles Rangel ( D - N.Y. ) for improperly accepting reimbursement for trips to the Caribbean in 2007 and 2008 and has ordered him to repay the costs of the trip .
Rangel , who chairs the powerful Ways and Means Committee and has served in the House for more than four decades , has been under investigation by the ethics committee for two separate matters for more than two years .
ADVERTISEMENT
The ethics committee empaneled two subcommittees to look into allegations against Rangel .
One focused on charges that he improperly used his office to raise money for an academic center at City College of New York named after him and allegations that he failed to pay taxes on rental income from villa he owns in the Dominican Republican , among other charges .
The other investigative panel looked into allegations , first reported by The Hill and the New York Post , that he and four other members of Congress and one delegate violated a rule against accepting travel from corporations that employ lobbyists by attending conferences in St. Maarten in 2008 and 2007 .
The conference was sponsored by the Carib New Foundation , a New York nonprofit affiliated with a newspaper catering to the Caribbean community in the city .
The nonprofit , however , received corporate donations from Citigroup , American Airlines , Verizon , Pfizer and other businesses and failed to disclose that the money it received was specifically earmarked to pay the expenses of the Caribbean conferences .
In a hastily arranged press conference Thursday night , Rangel confirmed that the House ethics committee found that he violated House gift rules .
He said the panel found that two of his staffers – one who was later fired – knew that corporate sponsors were underwriting the trip in violation of new House rules put in place after Democrats won the majority in 2006 .
Democrats imposed stricter limits on corporate - sponsored travel to prevent the type of abuse unearthed during the Jack Abramoff scandal .
Lawmakers who attended Abramoff - organized golf junkets to London and Scotland , as well as other luxurious locales , listed several nonprofits as having paid for the travel even though corporations footed the bill .
The ethics committee , however , did not find any evidence that Rangel himself knew about the corporate sponsorships although the panel said he is responsible for his staffers ’ actions .
Rangel said the committee ’s findings served as a public admonishment of his actions and he was ordered to repay the costs of the trip .
“ Common sense dictates that members of Congress should n’t be held responsible for what could be the wrongdoing or the error of their staff unless they think the member knew or should have known .
And there is nothing in the record on that , ” Rangel told reporters Thursday night .
“ I have to now deal with my lawyer to figure out what the hell they mean , ” he added .
“ … That what a staff member does but a member does n’t know it –- the member could be charged and admonished publicly for it ?
I think right now I will let the general community make its own judgments based on what the ethics committee has said and I ’ll get back to you with a longer statement afterwards . ”
When a reporter asked if he would resign , Rangel asked where she worked .
She responded that she was from CNN .
“ I ’m surprised , ” he said .
“ I really am .
If you were the New York Times , it would be different . ”
The New York Times has written several stories critical of Rangel ’s ethics in the past two years .
Rangel was seen Thursday evening approaching the chairwoman and ranking Republican on the Ethics committee -- Reps. Zoe Lofgren ( D - Calif. ) and Jo Bonner ( R - Ala . ) -- on the House floor , angrily addressing the two members and waving a finger in Lofrgen 's face .
The confrontation lasted about 10 minutes .
The House ethics committee exonerated four other members and one delegate who also attended the Caribbean trips because it said they did not knowingly violate House rules .
The members were : Democratic Reps. Bennie Thompson ( Miss. ) , Yvette Clarke ( N.Y. ) , Donald Payne ( N.J. ) , Carolyn Cheeks Kilpatrick ( Mich . ) and Virgin Islands Del. Donna Christensen .
“ These members properly relied on the information provided to them by the officers and employees of the Carib New and the Carib News Foundation , in seeking and receiving pre-trip approval from the Committee to accept these trips , ” the ethics committee concluded .
Rangel , however , violated House gift rules , the panel found , because his staff knew that corporations had contributed funds to the Carib News specifically for the 2007 and 2008 conferences , in violation of House rules that prevented non-profits from earmarking corporate funds for member travel .
“ This evidence shows that members of Representative Rangel ’s staff knew that corporations had contributed funds to Carib News specifically for the 2007 and 2008 conferences this information was not provided to the Standards Committee when he sought and received approval from the Committee to accept the trips , ” the ethics committee said in a three - page statement .
But the committee also said it did not find “ sufficient evidence to conclude , nor does it believe that it would discover additional evidence to alter its conclusions , that Representative Rangel had actual knowledge of the memoranda written by his staff . ”
The committee ordered Rangel to repay the costs of the trips to the U.S.
Treasury because it could not pinpoint the exact source of the funds in question .
ADVERTISEMENT
Republicans quickly jumped on the ethics panel ’s findings as proof that Democrats are not living up to their campaign promise to run the most ethical Congress in history and “ drain the swamp .
”
“ They need to figure out that Charlie Rangel has significant ethics problems and a panel of his peers found him guilty of violating House rules , ” said Rep. Pete Sessions ( R - Texas ) , the chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee .
The watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington quickly condemned the panel ’s findings for holding Rangel responsible while exonerating the other members who also took the trip .
“ The Ethics Committee ’s decision makes no sense , ” said CREW executive director Melanie Sloan .
“ There is simply no reason for Rep .
Rangel alone to be held accountable for taking this trip when a number of other members were also present .
” Sloan noted that Payne publicly thanked corporate sponsors during a speech at the event , which The Hill first reported more than a year ago .
“ The notion that Rep. Rangel alone was aware the trip was sponsored by corporate donors defies logic , ” she said .
“ The fact is , each and every member of Congress present was equally as culpable as Rep.
Rangel and all should be held to the same standard . ”
As The Hill first reported , the conservative National Legal and Policy Center ’s president , Peter Flaherty , traveled to St. Maarten during the conference in question and found evidence that corporate sponsors paid for the conference .
Photos and transcripts taken by Flaherty show evidence of corporate involvement .
Several banners above and below the main podium included corporate logos of Pfizer , Citigroup , IBM , Verizon , AT&T , Macy ’s and American Airlines .
Flaherty also heard Kilpatrick and Payne thank business “ sponsors . ”
The ethics committee had initially approved the Caribbean travel but did so based on false information provided by the Carib News , the panel found .
ADVERTISEMENT
In fact , the ethics committee discovered that officers and employees of the Carib News and the Carib News Foundation – Karl Rodney , Faye Rodney , and Patricia Louis – submitted “ false and misleading information ” to the committee during its pre-travel reviews of the 2007 and 2008 conferences and again when providing sworn testimony to the investigative subcommittee .
The ethics panel unanimously voted to refer the information about the officers of the Carib News and the Carib News Foundation to the Department of Justice “ for further action as it deems appropriate , ” the panel said in its statement .
During its investigation , the committee also found that Dawn Kelly Mobley , who had served as the counsel to former Ethics Committee Chairwoman Stephanie Tubbs Jones ( D - Ohio ) and was still a staffer on the committee at the beginning of the probe , was leaking confidential information to Carib News employees during the investigation .
Tubbs Jones passed away in 2008 and Lofgren was appointed to replace her as chair .
Mobley , the panel found , “ improperly communicated confidential internal Committee information to officers and employees of Carib News , Karly Rodney and Patricia Louis , and that she improperly influenced the information provided by Karl Rodney and Patricia Louis to [ ethics ] committee staff during the Committee ’s review of the 2007 Multi-National Business Conference . ”
“ It is the intention of this committee that publication of this report will serve as a public admonishment by the Standards Committee of Ms. Mobley , ” the panel wrote in its report .
Mobley was hired to be Rep. Marcia Fudge Marcia Louise FudgeThis week :
House returns for pre-election sprint House to tackle funding , marijuana in September Honoring John Lewis 's voting rights legacy MORE ’s ( D - Ohio ) chief of staff after she won Tubbs Jones ' seat in 2008 .
It is unclear from salary records if she remains on staff .
A call to the office late Thursday was not returned .
This story was posted at 6:45 p.m. and updated at 10:45 p.m .
Yes , I could have watched the first three hours on C - SPAN , but I was interested in the balance of coverage .
I was stunned .
In the first three hours televised so far , CNN interrupted :
Pres. Obama ( D ) for a Chantax / Pfizer commercial
Rep. Steny Hoyer ( D ) ( entire speech ) for a Liberator medical device ad as well as an ad by American Future Fund featuring a lipstick - wearing pig which advocated " Tell Congress Start Over and Get Health Care Right . "
Pres. Obama ( D ) for ads ( including an ad by the Oil and Gas Industry )
Sen. Max Baucus ( D - sorta ) for ads
Rep. Robert Andrews ( D ) ( entire speech ) for comment
Sen. Chuck Schumer ( D ) for ads
Pres. Obama ( D ) for ads including another one by Pfizer
At this point , they did cut into the very tail end ( couple seconds ) of Rep. Charles Boustany 's ( R ) comments but only to go to Rep .
Anh Cao ( R ) for comment while not showing a couple moments of Pres. Obama ( D ) and several minutes of another Dem ( did n't even see who he was ! )
But oh , they came back straight away for Sen. McCain ( R ) !
Then they cut away from Kathleen Sebileus ( D ) for commentary which they then interrupted their own commentary in order to catch all of Eric Cantor 's ( R ) comments .
Then they cut away for the entire Rep. Louise Slaughter ( D ) comments .
I could understand a slight imbalance , but a total , complete one - sided coverage needs to be called out .
A question I have : is this one - sided coverage 1 ) on purpose ; 2 ) unintentional , an act of the subconscious .
And if so , what does that say about their producer / director ?
It 's an either / or proposition .
Not to mention that their " commentators " include Rep. Anh Cao ( R ) , David Gergen ( R ) , Dana Bash ( R ) and Ben Stein ( R- asshat ) .
This is what America is watching .
The Most Trusted Name in News ??
Actually , at this rate , they should change their entire name from CNN to Fox Lite .
***
Editing to add contact info for complaints to CNN , MSNBC .
Thanks to user dmhlt 66 for the bulk of the CNN contact info .
MSNBC : Phone : ( 212 ) 664-4444
CNN MAIN # 404-827-1500
CNN
One CNN Center
PO Box 105366
Atlanta , GA 30303-5366
Phone : 404.827-1500
Comment Line : 404.827 - 0234
FAX : 404.827-1906
E-mail : cnn.feedback@cnn.com
CNN Washington Bureau
820 First St. N.E .
Washington , DC 20002
Phone : 202.898-7900
FAX : 202.898-7923
CNN NEWS CHIEF : Eason Jordan
Phone : 404.827-5111
FAX : 404.827-4215
Email : eason.jordan@cnn.com
CNN NEWS DIRECTOR : Kim Bondy
Phone : 404.827-1500
FAX : 404.827-1099
CAPE DENISON , Antarctica ( Reuters Life ! ) -
An Antarctic expedition has found what they believe to be camera parts abandoned by a renowned Australian photographer during a historic trip to the frozen continent nearly a century ago .
Dr.Tony Stewart , leader of an Antarctic expedition dedicated to restoring polar explorer Douglas Mawson 's original wooden huts at Cape Denison , inspects tubular steel pieces found on rocks at Boat Harbour in east Antarctica , January 1 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Pauline Askin
James “ Frank ” Hurley , who died in 1962 , was the official photographer of the 1911 - 14 Australasian Antarctic Expedition ( AAE ) led by the country ’s most famous polar explorer Sir Douglas Mawson .
He was also the official photographer of the Australian armed forces during both World Wars .
Members of the current expedition , which is dedicated to restoring Mawson ’s original wooden huts at Cape Denison , said they had retrieved a plate - changing box from a Newman and Guardia camera dating back to between the late 19th to early 20th centuries , inside Hurley ’s dark room .
“ We ’re not 100 percent sure if it ’s a component of Hurley ’s camera ’s yet , as we are waiting on verification , however it ’s definitely a component of a very old camera used here in Antarctica which in itself makes it an interesting find , ” expedition member and archaeologist Jody Steele told Reuters .
Several Newman and Guardia cameras were part of the equipment used by the AAE .
Details of the recent find have been sent back to Australia for more investigation .
“ This is a significant discovery because it may be one of the few camera parts that we can identify with an individual member of the AAE , Frank Hurley , ” expedition member Peter Morse said .
“ Other artifacts are more general by nature where as this is specific with a member of the expedition . ”
The find has been returned to its dark room , where the cold environment has helped to preserve it so far .
On New Year ’s Day , the expedition found what it believes to be the remains of the first airplane brought to Antarctica on an icy shore near where it was abandoned almost a century ago by Mawson after it proved to be a failure during his expedition .
Australia had searched for many years for the old single - propeller Vickers plane at Cape Denison , and expedition members stumbled on pieces of rusted metal tubing on the shore of Commonwealth Bay during very low tide which match structural iron tubing from the single - winged plane ’s fuselage .
The Islanders official site and Newsday 's Katie Strang report , and Connecticut Post 's Mike Fornabaio amplifies , that the Islanders ' seven - game losing streak and frightening failure to score ( 10 goals in eight games ) will lead to the call - up of big AHL Bridgeport forwards Jesse Joensuu and Matt Martin , each of whom Fornabaio reported had good games last night in the Sound Tigers ' 6 - 4 win .
GP G A P +/- PIM PPG SOG 2009 - 10 AHL Bridgeport - Jesse Joensuu 46 11 22
33
+9
36 2 90 2009 - 10 AHL Bridgeport - Matt Martin 53 9
9
18
-4
91
2 84
Joensuu has had a few looks at this level and has steadily improved his play this season since a disappointing 2009 training camp .
Martin , 20 , potted two goals in four NHL preseason games -- and 23 PIM -- enough of a glimpse to get Islanders fans dreaming that we have a budding power forward on our hands .
" Top six " may be too much to hope for either of these two , but big bodies who can make trouble in front of the net and put in goals from that precious real estate ?
Hell and yes .
Scott Gordon told Strang he believes Martin has improved his skating while at Bridgeport , a credit to the Sound Tigers staff ( and to Martin , of course ) .
Joensuu has been commended for rebounding from his bad camp to be Bridgeport 's second - leading scorer .
The Islanders ' struggles this year have featured a periodic lack of physicality in some areas ; it 's possible Gordon 's hard in - motion forecheck and resulting hard backcheck leads forwards to avoid finishing hitting opportunities for the sake of getting back to cover .
It 's a fine line between finishing all your checks and making sure you do n't take yourself out of the 5 - on - 5 flow .
With smaller bodies , that challenge is all the greater .
Joensuu and Martin first and foremost bring bigger bodies .
Whether they bring goals ?
That will be fun to watch and find out .
Room for the move involves putting Josh Bailey on injured reserve and no doubt removing Jeff Tambellini -- he of 5:11 even - strength minutes last night -- from the lineup .
( The Islanders , carrying just six healthy defensemen , already had one open roster spot . )
That leaves one more body to take out from yesterday 's game .
Gordon said " no one is playing poorly , " so it will be interesting to see who draws the Comeau scratch straw .
Overall , this is an encouraging sign .
Evaluating the progress of the kids in Bridgeport is a long - term goal for this season no matter what .
Seizing the opportunity to do so in the middle of a seven - game skid simply makes sense .
A web log about stuff I 've worked on .
Mostly about programming in Haskell and things I 've discovered along the way .
We all remember McCain " suspending " his campaign , and lying to Letterman .
That 's the point were the relevant chapter in the book , " When Mr. McCain Came to Washington " begins :
McCain wanted a meeting at the White House , and the president felt he had no choice but to accommodate him .
I called Obama right away .
He said that he would try to be as constructive as possible but that the Democrats were doing their part and I had better keep in touch with McCain .
The president was scheduled to give a major speech that evening making the case for TARP , but news of McCain 's decision to suspend his campaign dominated the rest of the afternoon .
We 'd devised TARP to save the financial system .
Now it had become all about politics — presidential politics .
I wondered what McCain could have been thinking .
Calling a meeting like this when we did n't have a deal was playing with dynamite
*
*
So , there was a meeting .
Attending : President Cheney , VP Bush , both presidential candidates and congressional leaders from both parties .
The subject : How to prevent a complete collapse of the financial system .
The plan :
No one knew for sure .
Even the stupid WH knew this was going to be a political disaster :
The president asked me to speak , and I once again described the dire conditions in the market and the need for emergency powers .
When I finished , the president said he had a simple test for making a decision on this : " If Hank Paulson and Ben Bernanke say it 's going to work and help stabilize the financial system , we are for it . "
By protocol , the president turned to call on the speaker of the House .
And when Nancy Pelosi spoke , it was clear the Democrats had done their homework and had planned a skillful response for McCain ...
*
Not surprisingly , Paulson was impressed with Obama :
... Ms. Pelosi said that Obama would represent the Democrats .
Then Obama sketched the broad outlines of the problem and stressed the need for immediate action .
He said the Democrats had been working closely with me ; Obama ran through the rough terms of the morning 's discussion on the Hill , then mentioned the need for adjustments on oversight and executive compensation , as well as help for homeowners .
He spoke without notes — much less a teleprompter — and spoke eloquently .
" The Democrats will deliver the votes , " he asserted .
*
And this is when it got really fun :
Now Obama and the Democrats were skillfully setting up the story line that McCain 's intervention had polarized the situation and that Republicans were walking away from an agreement .
It was brilliant political theater that was about to degenerate into farce .
Skipping protocol , the president turned to McCain to offer him a chance to respond : " I think it 's fair that I give you the chance to speak next . "
But McCain demurred .
" I 'll wait my turn , " he said .
It was an incredible moment , in every sense .
This was supposed to be McCain 's meeting — he 'd called it , not the president , who had simply accommodated the Republican candidate 's wishes .
Now it looked as if McCain had no plan at all — his idea had been to suspend his campaign and summon us all to this meeting .
It was not a strategy , it was a political gambit , and the Democrats had matched it with one of their own ... ... Finally , raising his voice over the din , Obama said loudly , " I 'd like to hear what Senator McCain has to say , since we have n't heard from him yet . "
The room went silent and all eyes shifted to McCain , who sat quietly in his chair , holding a single note card .
He glanced at it quickly and proceeded to make a few general points ...
As he spoke , I could see Obama chuckling ...
McCain 's comments were anticlimactic , to say the least .
His return to Washington was impulsive and risky , and I do n't think he had a plan in mind ...
*
And the big climax :
... It got so ridiculous that Vice President Cheney started laughing .
Frankly , I 'd never seen anything like it before in politics or business — or in my fraternity days at Dartmouth , for that matter .
Finally , the president just stood up and said : " Well , I 've clearly lost control of this meeting .
It 's over . "
*
*
*
The whole thing is worth reading and i'll say only this : Between McCain ' card and Palin Hand - Prompter , at a very irrational level , i almost regret that they did n't win .
This could have been something to tell the grandchildren . :)
If the linked blogger wasnt a moron - Tangaroa
... one idiot editor - The Sword
you guys are truly morons - Chris Brunner
.... Iranian propaganda - mostreliable
... Who writes your blabber ?
- MA
... ARRRRGH ! BLOGSPAM !!!!!
- raisputin3
.. incredibly dishonest blog posting - Roger Strong
... nobody needs your take on an article ... who dug this hacky spam up anyhow ?
- superdoofus
... Iranian propaganda only this time the source of information is some idiot 's BLOG - dlibert
I wonder if Bill the bigot will put this site ( death by 1000 papercuts ) on his show as an example of the right wing hate sites ?
- Kid Funkadelic
... Ah , the Support Mindless Jingoism blog - Ryan Thompson
I get it now .
The know - nothing editor of this blog just keeps POSTING THE SAME GARBAGE over and over again .. - framecop
How stupid are you ?
- Ann Elise
Idiotic conspiracy theorist ... dumbass - Hopefull
Jump to : Select a forum TechAmok.com
----------------
Comments Hardware Software HTC Touch HD ( Blackstone ) Off Topic Bugs and Suggestions Buy , Sell or Trade ( Marketplace )
You cannot post new topics in this forum
You cannot reply to topics in this forum
You cannot edit your posts in this forum
You cannot delete your posts in this forum
You cannot vote in polls in this forum
{{adsense|premier|right}}
Put Your Computer to Sleep March 29 , 2010 : Learn to love your computer 's power management tools , which include automatically turning off the monitor , turning off the hard drives , and putting the entire system into " sleep " or " hibernate " mode ( preferably after half an hour of inactivity ) .
Microsoft says that " hibernate " mode keeps monitors sipping just 5 watts of energy and the PC just 2.3 watts , or almost as good as shutting the computer down .
The U.S. Department of Energy still urges complete shutdown at night or when you 're away for long periods , if you 're counting every watt .
But the convenience of keeping the computer in " hibernate " is almost as good if you do n't want to endure a lengthy startup in the morning .
Either way , you save as much as $ 90 a year in power costs compared to a PC left on with a 3 - D screen saver running .
Source : Microsoft Small Business Center , U.S. Department of Energy
Dim Your Computer Monitor
March 27 , 2010 : First , take a look at turning down the brightness setting on your monitor — the brightest setting consumes twice the power used by the dimmest setting .
Just make sure you can still view the computer screen well .
Still hooked on the entertaining 3 - D screensavers ?
Ditch them .
Screensavers do n't benefit modern computer screens at all , and they consume more energy than having the monitor blank .
You can manually switch off the monitor , or take the easier route and set the monitor to automatically shut down after a certain time period .
Finally , strongly consider replacing that aging , bulky CRT monitor for your desktop with a flat LCD screen that consumes anywhere from a half to a third less energy than the average CRT .
If you own a laptop rather than a desktop , you 're already a bit ahead in the energy - saving game .
Source : Climate Savers Computing
Cold Weather Window Tips
March 26 , 2010 : Windows let in welcome sunlight and some solar heating , but can also account for 10 percent to 25 percent of heating bills during the cold months .
Replacing single - pane windows with new double - pane windows can work wonders for preventing heat from escaping , and especially if you select windows that are gas filled with low emissivity ( low -e ) coatings to cut back on heat loss .
Make sure that the new windows have a low U - factor -- that means better insulation .
If replacing your windows is n't an option , there are other steps that can help .
Seal heavy - duty clear plastic sheets on a frame , or tape clear plastic film to the inside of window frames during the winter season .
Tight - fitting , insulating window shades may also serve as a backup for drafty windows .
But do n't forget to check with local utilities for possible rebates on window replacement , if cost is holding you back .
Interior or exterior storm windows can also reduce heat loss by 25 percent to 50 percent , but make sure they have weatherstripping at the movable joints , and have interlocking or overlapping joints .
Source : U.S. Department of Energy
Warm Weather Window Tips
March 26 , 2010 : Double - pane windows can also help homes in warmer climates , if homeowners select spectrally selective coatings on the glass that reduce heating from sunlight .
Check for a low SHGC ( solar heat gain coefficient ) on new windows , because lower means the window lets in less solar heat .
Sun-control or similar reflective films on south - facing windows can reduce solar heating in U.S. homes .
Installing awnings on the south - and west - facing windows may similarly reduce the heat .
Even white window shades , drapes or blinds can help reflect heat away from the house .
Just remember to keep south - and west - facing window curtains closed during the day .
Source : U.S. Department of Energy
Wash Clothes in Cold Water
March 25 , 2010 : Try using cold water for wash cycles , unless there are greasy stains on clothing .
Keep in mind that lowest washer settings can use just half as much water as the highest settings .
A hot water wash with warm rinse costs 5 to 10 times more than a cold wash and rinse , as far as energy costs go .
Most people tend to under - load their washer or dryer , and especially with conventional top loaders .
You can typically save energy by running one large load rather than two medium loads .
Take advantage of auto - dry settings for dryers that have them .
Over - drying can not only waste energy , but also lead to static electricity buildup and shorten the life of clothes .
If air - drying by hanging your clothes is n't an option , try cutting down dryer time by drying similar fabrics together .
You can also dry many loads one after the other in order to take advantage of residual heat .
Source : American Council for an Energy - Efficient Economy
Check For the Energy Star Label March 24 , 2010 : About 70 percent to 90 percent of energy used by a washing machine goes towards heating the water , so washers that use less hot water also use less energy .
Check for the ENERGY STAR label for more energy - efficient washers .
Dryers do n't fall under ENERGY STAR because they all use roughly the same energy .
Front - loading washers are typically much more efficient than the more common top - loading washers , because front - loaders do n't usually fill the tub entirely with water .
New top - loading designers that wet clothes with sprayers from above can also save on energy and water , but may not clean as effectively .
Conventional washers use about 40 gallons of water per wash cycle , but large resource - efficient models may use less than 25 gallons per cycle .
Small and medium - sized models may use less than 10 gallons .
Most new machines have electronic controls that automatically adjust water level according to load .
If you happen to be considering a machine without such controls , get a model that at least allows you to select lower water levels for smaller loads .
Faster is better for washer and dryer spin speeds .
Faster washer spin speeds squeeze out water better and cut down on the energy needed for drying -- such water extraction is also more efficient than using heat for drying .
Front - loading washers and new efficient top - loading machines also spin faster than regular top - loaders .
Source : American Council for an Energy - Efficient Economy
Cook Smart March 22 , 2010 : Figure out just what you need to cook a meal , depending on the size and appliances available .
It 's a bit of a no - brainer that a toaster oven will save energy versus using a regular oven , but you might also consider using the right - sized pots or pans for the burners on an electric cooktop -- a 6 inch pan on an 8 inch burner wastes more than 40 percent of the burner heat .
Buy sturdy , flat - bottomed cookware that has only a slightly concave bottom .
Heating expands the metal and flattens out the bottom , but a warped - bottom pan may not flatten out entirely and could waste up to 50 percent more cooking heat .
Make sure to keep the burner pans clean , too , because blackened burner pans absorb heat and reduce energy efficiency .
Microwaves often represent the most energy - efficient cooking method for smaller meals , and can cut energy use by two thirds compared to conventional ovens .
But as always , balance out your energy - efficient cooking methods against food quality -- cooking is a relatively small part of your energy bill .
Source : American Council for an Energy - Efficient Economy
Go Fluorescent March 20 , 2010 : Compact fluorescent light bulbs ( CFLs ) can save you about 50 percent on lighting costs compared to incandescent light bulbs , because CFLs use just one - fourth the energy and last up to 10 times longer .
Use them in portable table and floor lamps .
Fluorescent light fixtures can also work for ceiling - and wall - mounted fixtures that are typically on for more than 2 hours each day .
Larger 4 - foot fluorescent fixtures with reflective backing and electronic ballasts will help in the workroom , garage , and laundry areas .
SOURCE : U.S. Department of Energy
Use the Daylight
March 17 , 2010 : Saving energy often means knowing when to turn off the lights .
Take advantage of daylight by using light - colored , loose - weave curtains that let in natural light through the windows .
Decorating with lighter colors also helps reflect and maximize daylight inside a room .
Installing an energy - efficient skylight in the ceiling can also maximize daylight and warmth , as well as cut down on heating , cooling and lighting costs .
Just do n't forget to turn off incandescent light bulbs in unused rooms , too .
Fluorescent lights should also be turned off if you 're going to be away for 15 minutes or more .
SOURCE : U.S. Department of Energy
Wash Dishes Thoughtfully
March 11 , 2010 : A properly run dishwasher requires 37 percent less hot water to clean a load of dishes , compared to washing dishes by hand .
That 's especially true for the highly efficient ENERGY STAR dishwashers .
But careful hand - washing still can use just half as much washer as a conventional dishwasher , as long as you do n't let the hot water run continuously .
Fill up two basins or sinks — one for washing and one for rinsing — and then get the family or friends to pitch in .
Use a sudsy sponge for the washing basin to clean everything off , and then transfer to the rinsing basin .
SOURCE : California Energy Commission
Run Your Dishwasher Properly March 8 , 2010 : Many dishwashers have internal heating elements that allow you to keep your household water heater at a lower temperature , so check your dishwasher manual .
Do n't waste time soaking or prewashing dishes going into the dishwasher unless there 's food stuck on the dishes , and try to scrape rather than rinse to avoid wasting more hot water .
Stick to the energy - saving dishwasher cycles whenever possible , and choose the air dry or overnight dry settings if available — the latter step alone may save 10 percent of your dishwashing energy costs .
Try to run the dishwasher only when full , but do n't overload .
And finally , check for an ENERGY STAR label when buying a dishwasher to save on both water and energy SOURCE : U.S. Department of Energy and California Energy Commission
Keep the Cold Out
March 4 , 2010 : A flipside staying warm involves turning your home into an insulated cocoon .
Check window frames for cracks and use silicon - based caulk to fill them .
Putty - like rope caulk can help line the larger cracks and save up to 5 percent on your energy bill .
Do n't neglect doors leading outside , either — a one - eighth - inch gap around a door is equivalent to a 6 - inch - square hole in the side of your house .
If you can see the light of a flashlight on the other side of the door shining through the cracks , seal them .
If you can pull a piece of paper out from between the closed door and frame without tearing it , weatherstrip around the door .
Homeowners in the U.S. should keep the draperies and shades on the south - facing windows open during the day to let in sunlight , and closed at night to help hold back the chill .
SOURCE : U.S. Department of Energy / PNM
Turn Down the Heat
Feb. 28 , 2010 : This commonsense step yields some of the best energy - saving results during the winter months .
Lowering the thermostat by just one degree Fahrenheit can cut energy use by 3 percent .
A one degree drop in the 60 - degree to 70 - degree range may lower heating costs by as much as 5 percent .
Get in the habit of setting programmable thermostats to about 10 degrees lower during the day when no one is at home , or at night when everyone has fallen asleep , and you could slash the heating bill by 10 percent .
A humidifier can also add moisture to the dry air and keep you comfortable despite the lower temperatures , but keep the sweater and thick socks handy .
SOURCE : U.S. Department of Energy / PNM
Keep the Car Streamlined and Clean Feb. 26 , 2010 : Pack the inside of a car and use roof racks sparingly , because a loaded roof rack may reduce your fuel economy by as much as 5 percent .
Regular car maintenance can also work wonders for squeezing more mileage out of both old and new vehicles .
Replacing clogged air filters could boost gas mileage by 10 percent , and keeping tires properly inflated and aligned may provide another 3.3 percent increase .
And do n't forget to use the grade of motor oil recommended by your car manufacturer , lest you drop your gas mileage by 1 or 2 percent .
Source : U.S. Department of Energy
Do n't Drive Like a Maniac
Feb. 19 , 2010 : Road rage and impatience can occasionally take even the best of us , but do n't give in to the energy - hogging monster within you .
Aggressive acceleration , speeding and hard braking at traffic lights or stop signs can cost you 33 percent in highway gas mileage or 5 percent in city mileage .
Driving above 60 mph also drops gas mileage like a rock .
On the other hand , just 30 seconds of engine idling on winter days is usually sufficient .
Know how much mileage idling gets you ?
Zero miles per gallon .
So began my journey down the public service rabbit - hole .
I would soon learn that swine flu and a raid on staff by another department were to thank for my recruitment .
Compounding the staffing crisis was a high turnover rate .
A recent survey had revealed staff satisfaction was the lowest of any section , for any department , anywhere .
I pondered the figures as they stared down at me from a huge poster , plastered opposite my new desk .
'' What does that 35 per cent mean ? ''
I asked a colleague .
There was no answer , a response I would get used to .
I was given my first speech to write .
I was not given an induction , training , an occupational health and safety lecture , a security clearance , a standard operating procedures manual , a style guide or anything you would expect when starting a job with the federal government of Australia .
As promised , the speech was for Nicola Roxon , Minister for Health and Ageing .
The topic was macular degeneration and I was instructed to mention Ita Buttrose .
Despite being completely lost , without an inkling of how to proceed , I quickly learnt not to ask any questions .
Nobody would answer them with anything other than an annoyed glare or dismissive quip .
I wrote the speech .
I muddled my way through the maze of acronyms that indicated who my departmental researchers were while I attempted to learn the procedures on the run .
I emailed the final copy to the Minister 's office and winced , waiting with dread for the inevitable criticism that should come pouring back .
Nothing happened .
My speech was swallowed by the public service ether .
Did the Minister ever read it ?
I do not know .
Did the Minister even look at it ?
No idea .
The following day I was given a second speech to write .
Around the same time a section meeting was called .
Our boss arrived late , but in the best of moods .
'' We 're under budget ! '' she announced proudly .
The old - timers let out whoops of joy .
'' What 's going on ? ''
I asked someone quietly .
'' We 're under budget , '' they replied with a rare smile .
'' Oh , so that 's good ?
You 've saved money ? ''
'' No , no , '' her smile turned to ash as she gave me that pitying look I usually received when I asked a question .
'' It means training . ''
Our section was under - budget by hundreds of thousands of dollars , necessitating we blow all the unspent money before the end of the financial year .
Unfortunately , '' training ' ' did not mean I would finally get some training .
'' Training ' ' consisted of hastily booked , dubiously relevant conferences and courses , most of which were conveniently located a long way from Canberra .
Despite my short length of service , I was included in the spending free - for - all .
I later found myself in a plush Sydney harbourside hotel with hundreds of dollars in unnecessary travel allowance - everything , including meals , flights and accommodation , was covered by the department .
I was attending a conference on Web 2.0 , a topic I was mildly interested in but which had nothing to do with my duties .
The rest of the office also enjoyed jetting around the country .
Four staff members managed to book into the same four - day public relations event and , reportedly , a great time was had by all .
We were not the only ones wasting money .
Associated with our section were those boffins who create public health campaigns , the ones that appear on television with increasing regularity : nights out turning into nightmares , measure your fat stomach , wash your hands - that kind of thing .
I was surprised to discover the minds behind these campaigns were not health professionals .
They had backgrounds and degrees in marketing , communications and advertising , not medicine .
Under their watch , the government became the No.1 spender on free - to - air television .
Next to those folks sat the print division .
They produced hats , T - shirts , mugs and golf balls with little logos and slogans designed to make us all healthier .
A huge collection of the stuff was proudly displayed in a dedicated glass cabinet in the middle of their section .
A month into the job , I started to enjoy writing speeches .
The department answered to four ministers and I wrote for three of them .
Some of my speeches were even used .
I would travel up to Parliament , merge into the background and listen .
They would always stray from the exact text , but occasionally I would hear my words tumble from the mouths of the mighty .
My lone back - up was a grizzled old press secretary left over from the Hawke era who would sometimes proof my work and harangue me for my attempts at an apolitical tone .
'' But we 're not meant to write political copy , '' I objected .
'' Pigs arse !
Tens of years of neglect under the Howard government .
Use it . ''
I liked him .
He was snide and he was cynical and his proofing was the only help I received , for which I was very grateful .
My duties were expanded to include press releases and alerts , the organisation of ministerial visits and , my least favourite job , ringing up grouchy news editors to ensure they knew a minister would be in their town .
Much of it duplicated work already done by the ministers ' personal staff and the editors were usually sick to death of our calls , emails and faxes - as they let me know in no uncertain terms .
I started to have my first run-ins with the ministers ' staff , cranky young professionals who were forever firing off orders and then countermanding them .
I would be ordered to organise an event in some remote country town and write a speech with a local flavour - the amount of federal cash being spent in the place was always paramount .
Of second greatest importance was the number of jobs to be generated by that expenditure .
One junior minister did not take kindly to our writing and presented us with a template .
It made my job very easy .
I would just plug the dollar and jobs numbers into her speech and press release and mail them off .
The ministers ' staff were as fond of cancelling events as they were of commissioning them .
Then it fell to someone , usually me , to ring the nursing home or hospital or wherever the planned visit was to be and tell the locals to stand down their troops .
The minister would not be coming .
I received my first scolding from Roxon 's office and it was thoroughly deserved .
I signed off on a press release that contained two glaring errors .
The only excuse I had - '' Sorry , sir , I have absolutely no idea what I 'm doing '' - was not going to fly , so I just swallowed my pride and apologised .
None of these events prepared me for what happened next .
After remaining silent on the issue for many months , the Prime Minister suddenly took an interest in the nation 's health .
I found out when a grim - faced boss herded us all together .
'' The PM is going to make a health announcement and you have to organise it , '' we were told .
'' When 's it happening ? '' '' Monday . ''
( It was Friday afternoon . )
'' When did we first learn about it ? '' '' Now . ''
That is how the department 's major reform initiative , YourHealth , and its associated round of public consultations began .
My colleagues ( except the boss , who disappeared ) worked through the weekend to pull it together .
The following Monday morning I found myself standing near the Prime Minister , trying to nod gravely as I had seen other human backdrops do , while he outlined the findings of the National Health and Hospitals Reform Commission 's discussion paper , titled A Healthier Future For All Australians : Final Report , and the action the government would take to deal with it .
The action of consultation .
Young suits from the Prime Minister 's office stalked the wings of the announcement , roaring loudly into mobile phones .
Their counterparts from the Health Minister 's office hovered in the background , looking miserable .
The Prime Minister 's office staff feared nobody and respected them less .
The only time they shut up was when the Prime Minister himself was speaking .
Any other speaker , including Roxon and the commission 's spokeswoman , could go to hell .
One grabbed my pen from my hand and stormed off with it .
I later asked for it back and was laughed at .
My colleagues were always fearful of the Minister 's office , but for the first time I was witnessing the force that terrified the MO staff themselves .
Orders came down that all our ministers were to clear their calendars for the next six months - they were to become as visible to the media as possible .
They were going on a consultation tour of the country .
Initially , there was little rhyme , reason or co-ordination to the process .
A website was thrown up that looked ghastly when it first went live , so ghastly that the Prime Minister refused to promote it as had been planned .
A team was banged together to run the site and to put up lots of pretty pictures of the government in consultation mode .
The gossip was the Prime Minister 's attention had been caught by the Web 2.0 phenomenon , as had many Western leaders in the wake of Obama 's presidential campaign , and YourHealth.gov.au would be the first to jump on the bandwagon .
Along with the tidal wave of events we suddenly had to organise , I was given a new duty : ensuring photographers were always present to capture our ministers nodding gravely as they consulted .
There was no limit to the cost .
Fortunate photographers around the country suddenly found themselves hired , whatever quote they supplied .
My last days at the department were a cavalcade of new staff , swept up from wherever they could be found amid the chaos generated by the YourHealth steam train .
The entire project was developed backwards , necessitating constant adjustments .
Money was thrown at local production companies to create sincere - looking website testimonials .
Staff were ordered to use the site and vote on the polls to generate hits .
I wandered through the disorganisation in a permanent state of bewilderment .
During that time I received my one and only official piece of feedback - out of the blue , my contract was extended .
After four months , I walked away and did not bother telling anyone why .
I care about health dollars , although not enough to initially refuse that crazy job .
Thanks to an ongoing medical condition , I 've had need of the health system on occasion .
My immediate family contains two doctors and three nurses .
I 'm anecdotally familiar with the state of our public hospitals and mental health system .
A few months before the department hired me , I spent eight agonising hours in emergency waiting for treatment for a chronic case of food poisoning .
I was eventually diagnosed , pumped full of morphine , rehydrated intravenously and strapped to a bed in the emergency ward to recover overnight .
The next time I spend eight hours waiting in emergency , I will be thinking of unused speeches , cancelled events and weeks of wasted organisation and research .
I will be thinking of expensive television advertising campaigns and T - shirts and golf balls with little slogans .
I will be thinking of websites and a consultation process driven by photography .
I will be thinking of '' training ' ' .
Loading
I never said goodbye to my colleagues , so I would like to add , belatedly , I will be thinking of all of you too .
Myles Peterson is a Canberra writer .
WASHINGTON — More than eight years after anthrax - laced letters killed five people and terrorized the country , the F.B.I. on Friday closed its investigation , adding eerie new details to its case that the 2001 attacks were carried out by Bruce E. Ivins , an Army biodefense expert who killed himself in 2008 .
A 92 - page report , which concludes what by many measures is the largest investigation in F.B.I. history , laid out the evidence against Dr. Ivins , including his equivocal answers when asked by a friend in a recorded conversation about whether he was the anthrax mailer .
“ If I found out I was involved in some way ... ” Dr. Ivins said , not finishing the sentence .
“ I do not have any recollection of ever doing anything like that , ” he said , adding , “ I can tell you , I am not a killer at heart . ”
But in a 2008 e-mail message to a former colleague , one of many that reflected distress , Dr. Ivins wrote , “ I can hurt , kill , and terrorize . ”
He added : “ Go down low , low , low as you can go , then dig forever , and you ’ll find me , my psyche . ”
The report disclosed for the first time the F.B.I. ’s theory that Dr. Ivins embedded in the notes mailed with the anthrax a complex coded message , based on DNA biochemistry , alluding to two female former colleagues with whom he was obsessed .
Review Article Recent Progress in Quantum Algorithms
Kenn Brown and Chris Wren , of Vancouver - based Mondolithic Studios , created a vision of quantum rings , dots , and algorithms encircling a Bloch sphere .
Credit : Kenn Brown and Chris Wren / Mondolithic Studios
It is impossible to imagine today 's technological world without algorithms : sorting , searching , calculating , and simulating are being used everywhere to make our everyday lives better .
But what are the benefits of the more philosophical endeavor of studying the notion of an algorithm through the perspective of the physical laws of the universe ?
This simple idea , that we desire an understanding of the algorithm based upon physics seems , upon first reflection , to be nothing more than mere plumbing in the basement of computer science .
That is , until one realizes that the pipes of the universe do not seem to behave like the standard components out of which we build a computer , but instead obey the counterintuitive laws of quantum theory .
And , even more astoundingly , when one puts these quantum parts together , one gets a notion of the algorithmthe quantum algorithmwhose computational power appears to be fundamentally more efficient at carrying out certain tasks than algorithms written for today's , nonquantum , computers .
Could this possibly be true : that there is a more fundamental notion of algorithmic efficiency for computers built from quantum components ?
And , if this is true , what exactly is the power of these quantum algorithms ?
The shot that rang round the computational world announcing the arrival of the quantum algorithm was the 1994 discovery by Peter Shor that quantum computers could efficiently factor natural numbers and compute discrete logarithms .
24
The problem of finding efficient algorithms for factoring has been burning the brains of mathematicians at least as far back as Gauss who commented upon the problem that " the dignity of science seems to demand that every aid to the solution of such an elegant and celebrated problem be zealously cultivated . "
Even more important than the fact that such a simple and central problem has eluded an efficient algorithmic solution is that the lack of such an efficient algorithm has been used as a justification for the security of public key cryptosystems , like RSA encryption .
23
Shor 's algorithm , then , did n't just solve a problem of pure academic interest , but instead ended up showing how quantum computers could break the vast majority of cryptographic protocols in widespread use today .
If we want the content of our publicly key encrypted messages to remain secret not only now , but also in the future , then Shor 's algorithm redefines the scope of our confidence in computer security : we communicate securely , today , given that we cannot build a large scale quantum computer tomorrow .
Given the encryption breaking powers promised by quantum computers , it was natural that , in the decade following Shor 's discovery , research has focused largely on whether a quantum computer could be built .
While there currently appear to be no fundamental obstacles toward building a large scale quantum computer ( and even more importantly , a result known as the " threshold theorem " 1 , 1618 , 25 shows that quantum computers can be made resilient against small amounts of noise , thereby confirming that these are not analog machines ) , the engineering challenges posed to build an RSA breaking quantum computer are severe and the largest quantum computers built to date have less than 10 quantum bits ( qubits ) .
13 , 19 But regardless of the progress in building a quantum computer , if we are to seriously consider our understanding of computation as being based upon experimental evidence , we will have to investigate the power of quantum algorithms .
Christos Papadimitriou said in a recent interview26 that the theory of computational complexity is such a difficult field because it is nearly impossible to prove what everyone knows from experience .
How , then , can we even begin to gain an understanding of the power of quantum computers if we do n't have one from which to gain such an experience ?
Further , and perhaps even more challenging , quantum algorithms seem to be exploiting the very effects that make quantum theory so uniquely counter - intuitive .
6
Designing algorithms for a quantum computer is like building a car without having a road or gas to take it for a test drive .
In spite of these difficulties , a group of intrepid multidisciplinary researchers have been tackling the question of the power of quantum algorithms in the decades since Shor 's discoveries .
Here we review recent progress on the upper bounding side of this problem : what new quantum algorithms have been discovered that outperform classical algorithms and what can we learn from these discoveries ?
Indeed , while Shor 's factoring algorithm is a tough act to follow , significant progress in quantum algorithms has been achieved .
We concentrate on reviewing the more recent progress on this problem , skipping the discussion of early ( but still important ) quantum algorithms such as Grover 's algorithm12 for searching ( a quantum algorithm that can search an unstructured space quadratically faster than the best classical algorithm ) , but explaining some older algorithms in order to set context .
For a good reference for learning about such early , now " classic " algorithms ( like Grover 's algorithm and Shor 's algorithm ) we refer the reader to the textbook by Nielsen and Chuang .21
Our discussion is largely ahistoric and motivated by attempting to give the reader intuition as to what motivated these new quantum algorithms .
Astonishingly , we will see that progress in quantum algorithms has brought into the algorithmic fold basic ideas that have long been foundational in physics : interference , scattering , and group representation theory .
Today 's quantum algorithm designers plunder ideas from physics , mathematics , and chemistry , weld them with the tried and true methods of classical computer science , in order to build a new generation of quantum contraptions which can outperform their classical counterparts .
Back to Top
Quantum Theory in a Nutshell
Quantum theory has acquired a reputation as an impenetrable theory accessible only after acquiring a significant theoretical physics background .
One of the lessons of quantum computing is that this is not necessarily true : quantum computing can be learned without mastering vast amounts of physics , but instead by learning a few simple differences between quantum and classical information .
Before discussing quantum algorithms we first give a brief overview of why this is true and point out the distinguishing features that separate quantum information from classical information .
To describe a deterministic n- bit system it is sufficient to write down its configuration , which is simply a binary string of length n .
If , however , we have n-bits that can change according to probabilistic rules ( we allow randomness into how we manipulate these bits ) , we will instead have to specify the probability distribution of the n-bits .
This means to specify the system we require 2n positive real numbers describing the probability of the system being in a given configuration .
These 2n numbers must sum to unity since they are , after all , probabilities .
When we observe a classical system , we will always find it to exist in one particular configuration ( i.e. one particular binary string ) with the probability given by the 2n numbers in our probability distribution .
Now let 's turn this approach to quantum systems , and consider a system made up of n qubits .
Again , n qubits will have a configuration which is just a length n binary string .
When you observe n qubits you will only see an n bit configuration ( thus when you hear someone say that a qubit is both zero and one at the same time you can rely on your common sense tell them that this is absurd ) .
But now , instead of describing our system by 2n probabilities , we describe a quantum system by 2n amplitudes .
Amplitudes , unlike probabilities ( which were positive real numbers and which summed to unity ) , are complex numbers which , when you take their absolute value - squared and add them up , sum to unity .
Given the 2n amplitudes describing a quantum system , if you observe the system , you will see a particular configuration with a probability given by the modulus squared of the amplitude for that configuration .
In other words , quantum systems are described by a set of 2n complex numbers that are a bit like square roots of probabilities ( see Figure 1 ) .
So far we have just said that there is this different description for quantum systems , you describe them by amplitudes and not by probabilities .
But does this really have a consequence ?
After all the amplitudes are n't used so far , except to calculate probabilities .
In order to see that yes , indeed , it does have a profound consequence , we must next describe how to update our description of a system as it changes in time .
One can think about this as analyzing an algorithm where information in our computing device changes with time according to a set of specific recipe of changes .
For a classical probabilistic computing device we can describe how it changes in time by describing the conditional probability that the system changed into a new configuration given that it was in an old configuration .
Such a set of conditional probabilities means that we can describe a probabilistic computing action by a stochastic matrix ( a matrix whose entries are positive and whose columns sum to unity ) .
A classical probabilistic algorithm can then be viewed as just a set of stochastic matrices describing how probabilities propagate through the computing device .
If the classical probabilistic algorithm starts with n bits and ends with m bits , then the stochastic matrix describing the algorithm will be a 2 m by 2n matrix .
What is the analogous procedure for a quantum system ?
Well instead of specifying conditional probabilities of a new configuration given an old configuration , in a quantum system you need to specify the conditional amplitude of a new configuration given an old configuration .
In the quantum world , the matrix of conditional amplitudes has two major differences from the classical probabilistic setting .
The first is that quantum systems evolve reversibly and thus the matrix is 2n by 2n ( corresponding to the amplitude of every configuration to change into any other configuration ) .
The second is that , in order to preserve the sum of the squares of those amplitudes , which should be 1 throughout , this matrix is a unitary matrix , meaning the entries of the matrix are complex numbers , and that the rows ( and columns ) of this matrix are orthonormal .
Thus a quantum algorithm for a quantum system is given by a unitary matrix of conditional amplitudes .
What consequence does this change from probabilities to amplitudes and from stochastic matrices to unitary matrices have for the notion of an algorithm ?
This is , of course , the essential question at hand when considering quantum algorithms .
In this survey we single out three major differencesquantum interference , the deep relationship between symmetries and quantum mechanics , and quantum entanglementand show how they are related to recent progress in quantum algorithms .
Back to Top
Interference and the Quantum Drunkard 's Walk
The first of our claimed differences between quantum computers and classical computers was that the former led to effects of quantum interference .
What is interference and how can it lead to new efficient algorithms ?
To illustrate the ideas of interference , consider a random walk on a line .
The standard , classical drunkard 's walk on a line refers to situation where the walker is allowed to step either forward or backward with equal probability every unit time step .
When starting at position 0 at time zero , then after one time step there is an equal probability to be at locations +1 and 1 .
After the next time step , there is a one - fourth probability of being at positions 2 and 2 and one half probability of being at position 0 .
Notice here that the probability of reaching zero was the sum of two probabilities : the probability that the drunkard got to 0 via 1 and the probability that it got to 0 via 1 .
Random walks on structures more complicated than a line are a well - known tool in classical algorithms .
Suppose that we want to construct a quantum version of this drunkard 's walk .
To specify a quantum walk , we need , instead of a probability for taking a step forward or backward , an amplitude for doing this .
However we also need to make sure that the unitary nature of quantum theory is respected .
For example , you might think that the quantum analogy of a classical walk is to take a step forward and a step backward with amplitude one over the square root of two ( since squaring this gives a probability of one half ) .
If we start at 0 , then after one step this prescription works : we have equal amplitude of one over square root of two of being at either 1 or 1 .
If we measure the walker after this first step , the probability of being at 1 or 1 is both one half .
But if we run this for another time step , we see that we have an amplitude of 1 / 2 to be at 2 or 2 and an amplitude 1 to be at 0 .
Unfortunately if we square these numbers and add them up , we get a number greater than unity , indicating that the evolution we have described is not unitary .
The solution to this problem is to let the drunkard flip a quantum coin at each time step , after which he steps in the direction indicated by the quantum coin .
What is a quantum coin ?
A quantum coin is simply a qubit whose two configurations we can call " forward " and " backward " indicating the direction we are supposed to move after flipping the quantum coin .
How do we flip such a coin ?
We apply a unitary transform .
This unitary transform must specify four amplitudes .
One choice of such a unitary transform that seems to mimic the drunkard 's walk is to assign all conditional amplitudes a value of one over the square root of two , with the exception of the amplitude to change from the configuration " forward " to the configuration " backward , " which , due to unitarity , we assign the amplitude negative one over square root of two .
In other words the unitary transform we apply to flip the coin is specified by the transition matrix
If we follow this prescription for a quantum random walk with the drunkard initially positioned at zero , one quickly sees that something strange happens .
Consider , for instance , the probability distribution formed by the quantum walk had we measured the walker 's position after three time steps ( see Figure 2 ) .
Then the probability of getting to +1 for the drunkard is 1/8 .
For a classical walk the similar number would be 3/8 .
What is going on here ?
Well if you trace back how he could have gotten to +1 in three steps , you 'll see that there are three paths it could have used to get to this position .
In the classical world each of these is traversed with equal probability , adding a contribution of 1/8 for each step .
But in the quantum world , two of these paths contribute equal but oppositely to the amplitude to get to this position .
In other words these two paths interfere with each other .
Because amplitudes , unlike probabilities , do n't have to be positive numbers , they can add up in ways that cancel out .
This is the effect known as quantum interference .
It is the same interference idea which you see when two water waves collide with each other .
But note an important difference here : amplitudes squared are probabilities .
In water waves , the heights interfere , not anything related to the probabilities of the waves .
This is the peculiar effect of quantum interference .
Quantum random walks were actually first described by physicists in 1993 , 2 but only with the rise of interest in quantum computers was it asked whether these walks could be used as a computational tool .
An alternative , continuous time version of these algorithms ( tacking more closely to ideas in physics ) has also been developed by Farhi and Gutmann .9
Given these quantum random walks , a natural question is what does this have to do with algorithms ?
Well , the first observation is that quantum random walks behave in strange ways .
For instance a well - known property of classical random walks on a line is that the expected standard deviation of a random walk as a function of the number of steps taken , T , scales like the square root of T .
However , for a quantum random walk the standard deviation can actually spread linearly with T. Remarkably , this difference has been well known to physicists for a long time : it turns out that the quantum random walk defined above is closely related to the Dirac equation for a one - dimensional electron ( the Dirac equation is a way to get quantum mechanics to play nicely with the special theory of relativity , and is a basic equation used in modern quantum field theory ) .
This discovery that quantum algorithms seem to explore space quadratically faster than classical random walks has recently been shown to lead to quantum algorithms that polynomially outperform their classical cousins .
One example of an algorithm based upon quantum random walks is the algorithm for element distinctness due to Ambainis .
3
The element distinctness problem is , given a function f from { 1 , 2 , ... , N} to { 1 , 2 , ... , N} determine whether there exists two indices i j such that f ( i ) = f ( j ) .
Classically this requires ( N ) queries to the function f.
Ambainis showed how a quantum random walk algorithm for this problem could be made to work using O ( N2/3 ) queries : an improvement which has not been achieved using any other quantum methods to date .
Other algorithms that admit speedups of a similar nature by using quantum random walks are spatial search ( searching a spatially d- dimensional space ) , 4 triangle finding ,20 and verifying matrix products .
7
Quantum random walks algorithms , then , are a powerful tool for deriving new quantum algorithms .
These examples all achieved polynomial speedups over the best possible classical algorithms .
Given that quantum random walks can be used to polynomially outperform classical computers at some tasks , a natural question is whether quantum computers can be used to exponentially outperform classical computers .
The answer to this question was first given by Childs et al.,8 who showed that a quantum random walk could traverse a graph exponentially faster than any possible classical algorithm walking on this graph .
In Figure 3 we show the graph in question : the crux of the idea is that a quantum algorithm , by constructively or destructively interfering , can traverse this graph , while a classical algorithm will always get stuck in the middle of the graph .
Constructive interference refers to the condition where quantum evolution causes amplitudes to increase in absolute magnitude ( and hence in probability ) while destructive interference refers to where the evolution causes amplitudes to decrease in absolute magnitude ( and hence decrease in probability ) .
In spite of this success , the above problem , traversing this graph , does not appear to have a good algorithmic use .
Thus a subject of great research interest today is whether there are quantum random walk algorithms that offer exponential speedups over classical algorithms for interesting algorithmic problems .
Back to Top
Quantum Algorithms and Game Playing
Quantum interference , the ability of multiple computational paths to add or detract amplitudes and thus lower and raise probabilities , is an effect well known to physicists .
Given this , it is interesting to ask whether other techniques from physicists toolbox might also be of use in algorithms .
A great example of this approach was the recent discovery by Farhi et al.10 of a quantum algorithm that outperforms all possible classical algorithms for the evaluation of NAND tree circuits .
This algorithm was derived , amazingly , by considering the scattering of wave packets off certain binary trees .
As a quintessential physics experiment involves shooting one quantum system at another and observing the resulting scattered ' outputs , ' physicists have developed a host of tools for analyzing such scattering experiments .
It was this approach that led the above authors to the following important new quantum algorithm .
To illustrate the NAND tree problem consider the following two player game .
The players are presented with a complete binary tree of depth k .
On the leaves of the tree are labels that declare whether player A or player B wins by getting to this node .
At the beginning of a match , a marker is placed at the root of the tree .
Players take alternating turns moving this marker down a level in the tree , choosing one of the two possible paths , with the goal , of course , of ending up at a leaf labeled by the player 's name .
A natural question to ask is if it is always possible for player A , with its first move , to win the game .
Evaluating whether this is the case can be deduced inductively in the following way .
Suppose player A makes the last move .
Then player A will be able to win if the marker is on a node with at least one of its children labeled " A wins " hence we should label such internal nodes with " A wins " as well .
This line of reasoning holds in general for all internal nodes on which A makes a move : as soon as one of its children has the label " A wins , " then the node inherits the same conclusion .
On the other hand , if none of the children has this label , then we can conclude that " B wins . "
Player B will , of course , be reasoning in a similar manner .
Thus we can see that player A will win , starting from a node of height two , only if both of the children of the node lead to positions where A wins .
We can then proceed inductively using this logic to evaluate whether player A can always win the game with a move originating from the root of the tree .
If we label the leaves where player A wins by 1 and where player B wins by 0 , then we can compute the value of the root node ( indicating whether player A can always win ) by representing the interior layers of the tree by alternating layers of AND and OR gates .
Further it is easy to see that one can transform this from alternating layers of AND and OR gates to uniform layers of NAND ( negated AND ) gates , with a possible flipping of the binary values assigned to the leaves .
We have just shown that the problem of evaluating whether the first player has a series of moves that guarantees victory is equivalent to evaluating the value of a NAND tree circuit given a labeling the leaves of the tree .
Further , if the player can evaluate any interior value of the NAND tree , then one can then use this to actually win the game .
If such a procedure is available one can simply use the algorithm to evaluate the two trees and if one of them is always a win , take that move .
Thus the problem of evaluating the value of the NAND tree is of central importance for winning this game .
The NAND tree is an example of the more general concept of a game tree which is useful for study of many games such as Chess and Go .
In these later games , more than two moves are available , but a similar logic for evaluating whether there is a winning strategy applies .
This problem , of which the NAND tree circuit is the smallest example , is a central object in the study of combinatorial games .
One can now ask : how costly is it to evaluate the NAND tree : how many nodes does one need to query in order to compute the value of the NAND tree ?
One could evaluate every leaf and compute the root , but certainly this is wasteful : if you ever encounter a subtree which evaluates to 0 , you know that the parent of this subtree must evaluate to 1 .
A probabilistic recursive algorithm is then easy to think up : evaluate a subtree by first evaluating randomly either its left or right subtree .
If this ( left or right ) subtree is 0 , then the original subtree must have value 1 .
If not , evaluate the other subtree .
This method , known as alphabeta pruning , has a long history in artificial intelligence research .
For the NAND tree , one can show that by evaluating about ( N0.753 ) of the N leaves one can calculate the value of the NAND tree with high probability .
It is also known that this value for the number of leaves needed to be queried is optimal .
For a long period of time it was uncertain whether quantum computers could perform better than this .
Using standard lower bounding methods , the best lower bound which could be proved was a O ( N1/2 ) , yet no quantum algorithm was able to achieve such a speedup over the best classical algorithm .
Enter onto the scene the physicists Farhi , Goldstone , and Gutmann .
These authors considered a continuous quantum random walk of a strange form .
They considered a quantum random walk on the graph formed by a binary tree ( of size related to the NAND tree being evaluated ) attached to a long runway ( see Figure 4 ) .
They then showed how , if one constructed an initial quantum system whose initial state was that of a quantum system moving to the right towards the binary tree , one could then obtain the value of the NAND tree by seeing whether such a quantum system scattered back off the binary tree , or passed through along the other side of the runway .
The time required to see this scattering or lack of scattering was shown to be proportional to O ( N1/2 ) .
In other words , the NAND tree could be evaluated by using O ( N1/2 ) time by scattering a wave packet off of a binary tree representing the NAND tree problem .
A few simple modifications can bring this in line with the standard computer scientists definition of a query algorithm for the NAND tree problem .
Presto , out of a scattering experiment , one can derive a quantum algorithm for the NAND tree problem which gives a O ( N1/2 ) algorithm outperforming a classical computer science algorithm .
Building upon this work , a variety of different trees with different branching ratios and degrees of being balanced have been explored showing quantum speedups .
Indeed one remarkable aspect of much of this work is that while in many cases the classical versions of these problems do not have matching upper and lower bounds , in the quantum case matching upper and lower bounds can now be achieved .
Back to Top
Finding Hidden Symmetries
If interference is a quantum effect that leads to polynomial speedups , what about the quantum algorithms that appear to offer exponential speedups , like in Shor 's algorithm for factoring or the quantum random walk algorithm of Childs et al. described here ?
Here it seems that just using interference by itself is not sufficient for gaining such extraordinary power .
Instead , in the vast majority of cases where we have exponential speedups for quantum algorithms , a different candidate emerges for giving quantum computers power : the ability to efficiently find hidden symmetries .
Here we review recent progress in algorithms concerning hidden symmetries .
In many respects these algorithms date back to the earliest quantum algorithms , a connection we first briefly review , before turning to more modern ways in which this has influenced finding new quantum algorithms .
We say an object has symmetry if " we can do something to it without changing it . "
The things we can do are described by the elements of a group and the object itself is a function that is defined on the same group .
That this does not have to be as abstract as it seems is illustrated in Figure 5 for the group of three - dimensional rotations and the icosahedral symmetry of a soccer ball .
Given a group G the symmetry of a function f defined on G can range from the trivial ( when only the identity of G leaves f unchanged ) to the maximum possible symmetry where f remains unchanged under all possible group operations .
The most interesting cases happen when f is invariant under only a proper subgroup H of G and the task of finding this H , given f , is known as the hidden subgroup problem .
For many different types of groups we know how to solve this problem efficiently on a quantum computer , while no classical algorithm can perform the same feat .
We claim that this is because quantum computers can more efficiently exploit problems with hidden symmetries .
To illustrate how quantum computers are better suited to deal with symmetries , let 's talk about the simplest symmetry one can talk about : the symmetry of flipping a bit .
Consider the operation X of negating a bit and the identity operation I .
If we perform X twice , we obtain the operation I of doing nothing at all , which shows that I and X together form a group .
Next , consider representing how I and X operate on a classical probabilistic bit .
Such a binary system is described by a two - dimensional vector of probabilities , corresponding to the probability p 0 of being in 0 and p 1 of being in 1 .
The operations I and X can then be represented on this system as the two - by - two matrices
In group theoretic parlance , we say that these two matrices form a representation of the group , which effectively means that the multiplication among these matrices mimics the operation among the elements of the group that is being represented .
But now notice how the matrices for I and X act on the vector space R2 .
Naturally , the identity matrix I leaves all vectors unchanged , but the X matrix acts in a more interesting way .
If X acts on the symmetric vector [ 1 , 1 ] , then , like I , it preserves this vector .
If , on the other hand , X operates upon the vector [ 1 , 1 ] , then it multiplies this vector by 1 .
This new vector [ 1 , 1 ] still sits in the one - dimensional subspace spanned by the original [ 1 , 1 ] , but the direction of the vector has been reversed .
In other words , the act of flipping a bit can naturally be represented down into its action upon two one - dimensional subspaces : on the first of these the group always acts trivially , while on the other it always acts by multiplying by the scalar 1 .
Now we can see why classical probabilistic information is at odds with this symmetry : while we can create a symmetric probability distribution [ 1/2,1/2 ] wherein the bit flip X preserves this distribution , we cannot create the other probability distribution that transforms according to the multiplication by 1 : doing so would require that we have negative probabilities .
But wait , this is exactly what the amplitudes of quantum computers allow you to do : to prepare and analyze quantum information in all the relevant subspaces associated with group operations such as flipping a bit .
Unlike classical computers , quantum computers can analyze symmetries by realizing the unitary transforms which directly show the effects of these symmetries .
This , in a nutshell , is why quantum algorithms are better adapted to solve problems that involve symmetries .
The idea that symmetry is the excelsior of exponential quantum speedups now has considerable evidence in its favor and is one of the major motivators for current research in quantum algorithms .
Shor 's algorithm for factoring works by converting the problem of finding divisors to that of finding periods of a function defined over the integers , which in turn is the problem of determining the translational symmetries of this function .
In particular Shor 's algorithm works by finding the period of the function f( x ) = rx mod N where r is a random number coprime with N , the number one wishes to factor .
If one finds the period of this function , i.e. the smallest nonzero p such that f( x ) = f( x + p ) , then one has identified a p such that xp = 1 mod N .
If p is even ( which happens with constant probability for random x ) , then we can express this equation as ( xp /2 + 1 ) ( xp /2 1 ) = 0 mod N.
This implies that the greatest common divisor of xp / 2 + 1 and N or the greatest common divisor of xp / 2 1 and N is a divisor of N .
One can then use the Euclidean algorithm to find a factor of N ( should it exist ) .
Thus one can efficiently factor assuming one can find the period p of f( x ) .
This fact was known before Shor 's discovery ; the task of determining the period p is what requires a quantum computer .
How then , can a quantum algorithm find the period p of a function f ?
The answer is : by exploiting the just described friendly relationship between quantum mechanics and group theory .
One starts with a system of two quantum registers , call them left and right .
These are prepared into a state where with equal amplitude the left register contains a value x and the right register carries the corresponding function value f( x ) .
The hidden symmetry of this state is captured by the fact that it remains unchanged if we would and p ( or a multiple of p ) to the left register ; adding a non-multiple of p will , on the other hand , change the state .
To extract this hidden symmetry , let us view the amplitudes of the state as the values of a function from n bit strings to the complex numbers .
We would like to use a quantum version of the Fourier transform to extract the symmetry hidden in this function .
Why the Fourier transform ?
The answer to this is that the Fourier transform is intimately related to the symmetry of addition modulo N. In particular if we examine the process of addition where we have performed a Fourier transform before the addition and an inverse Fourier transform after the addition , we will find that it is now transformed from an addition into multiplication by a phase ( a complex number z such that |z| = 1 ) .
Addition can be represented on a quantum computer as a permutation matrix : a matrix with only a single one per column and row of the matrix .
If we examine how such a matrix looks in the basis change given by the Fourier transform , then we see that this matrix only has entries on the diagonal of the matrix .
Thus the Fourier transform is exactly the unitary transform which one can use to " diagonalize the addition matrix " with respect to the symmetry of addition , which in turn is exactly the form of the symmetry needed for period finding .
The output of the quantum Fourier transformation will reveal to us which symmetries the state has , and by repeating this Fourier sampling a few times we will be able to learn the exact subgroup that the state hides , thus giving us the period p ( and hence allowing us to factor ) .
Crucially the quantum Fourier transform can be implemented on a number of qubits logarithmic in the size of the addition group , log N , and in a time polynomial in log N as well .
If one were to attempt to mimic Shor 's algorithm on a classical computer , one would need to perform a Fourier transform on N classical pieces of data , which would require N log N time ( using the fast Fourier transform ) .
In contrast , because Shor 's quantum algorithm acts on quantum amplitudes , instead of on classical configuration data , it leads to an efficient quantum algorithm for factoring .
This symmetry analysis results from the basics of the theory of group representation theory : symmetries are described by groups , and the elements of these groups can be represented by unitary matrices .
This is something that classical probabilistic computers cannot exploit : the only way to represent a group on a classical computer is to represent it as by deterministic permutation .
But while a group can be represented by unitary matrices , no such representation is possible using stochastic matrices .
This , at its heart , appears to be one of the key reasons that quantum computers offer exponential benefits for some problems over classical computers .
Given that Shor 's algorithm exploits symmetry in such a successful way , it is natural to search for other problems that involve hidden symmetries .
Following
Shor 's discovery it was quickly realized that almost all prior quantum algorithms could be cast in a unifying form as solving the hidden subgroup problem for one group or the other .
For Shor 's algorithm the relevant group is the group of addition modulo N. For the discrete logarithm problem the relevant group is the direct product of the groups of addition modulo N. Indeed it was soon discovered that for all finite Abelian groups ( Abelian groups are those whose elements all commute with each other ) quantum computers could efficiently solve the hidden subgroup problem .
A natural follow - up question is : what about the non-Abelian hidden subgroup problem ?
And , even more importantly , would such an algorithm be useful for any natural problems , as the Abelian hidden subgroup problem is useful for factoring ?
One of the remarkable facts about the problem of factoring is its intermediate computational complexity .
Indeed , if one examines the decision version of the factoring problem , one finds that this is a problem which is in the complexity class NP and in the complexity class Co - NP .
Because of this fact it is thought to be highly unlikely that it is NP - complete , since if it were , then the polynomial hierarchy would collapse in a way thought unlikely by complexity theorists .
On the other hand , there is no known classical algorithm for factoring .
Thus factoring appears to be of Goldilock 's complexity : not so hard as to revolutionize our notion of tractability by being NP - complete , but not so easy as to admit efficient classical solution .
There are , surprisingly , only a few problems which appear to fit into this category .
Among them , however , are the problems of graph isomorphism and certain shortest - vector in a lattice problems .
Might quantum computers help at solving these problems efficiently ?
Soon after Shor 's algorithm was phrased as a hidden subgroup problem , it was realized that if you could efficiently solve the hidden subgroup problem over the symmetric group ( the group of permutations of n objects ) , then you would have an efficient quantum algorithm that solves the graph isomorphism problem .
Further , Regev22 showed how the hidden subgroup problem over the dihedral group ( the group of symmetries of a regular polygon where one can not only rotate but also flip the object ) relates to finding short vectors in a high dimensional lattice .
Hence a hypothetical efficient quantum algorithm for this dihedral case could be used to solve such shortest vector problems .
This in turn would break the public key cryptosystems that are based upon the hardness of these lattice problems , which are among the very few cryptosystems not broken by Shor 's algorithm .
As a result of these observations about the non-Abelian hidden subgroup problem , designing quantum algorithms for such groups has become an important part of the research in quantum computation .
While a certain amount of progress has been achieved ( by now we know of many non-Abelian groups over which the hidden subgroup problem can be solved efficiently ) , this problem remains one of the outstanding problems in the theory of quantum algorithms .
At the same time , going back to the Abelian groups , there has been quite some success in finding new applications of the quantum algorithm for the Abelian hidden subgroup problem , besides factoring and discrete logarithms .
Hallgren14 showed that there exists a quantum algorithm for solving Pell 's equation ( that is , finding integer solutions x , y to the cubic equation x2dy2 = 1 , see Table 1 ) , while Kedlaya15 has described a quantum procedure that efficiently counts the number points of curves defined over finite fields .
Furthermore , other efficient quantum algorithm has been found for , among other problems , determining the structure of black box groups , estimating Gauss sums , finding hidden shifts , and estimating known invariants .
Back to Top
Simulating Quantum Physics
A final area in which quantum algorithms have made progress goes back to the very roots of quantum computing and indeed of classical computing itself .
From their earliest days , computers have been put to use in simulating physics .
Among the difficulties that were soon encountered in such simulations was that quantum systems appeared to be harder to simulate than their classical counterparts .
But , of course , somehow nature , which obeys quantum theory , is already carrying out " the simulation " involved in quantum physics .
So , if nature is carrying out the simulation , then should we be able to design a computer that also can perform this simulation ?
This was in fact the seed of the idea that led to the original notion of quantum computing by Feynman .11
To put this in perspective , consider the problem of simulating classical physics .
The miracle of reproducing classical physics on a classical computer is that you can use many ' particles ' with small state spaces ( bits ) to mimic a few particles that have very large state spaces .
For this to be possible it is required that the number of bit configurations , 2 ( number of bits ) , is at least as big as the number of possible states of the physical system ( which is the size of the particle 's state space exponentiated with the number of particles ) .
As a result , we can simulate the solar system on a laptop .
Quantum computing does the same thing for quantum mechanical systems ; now 2 ( number of qubits ) is the dimension of the state space and it allows us to simulate other quantum physical systems that consists of few particles with exponentially large state spaces .
Here however , it appears essential that we rely on quantum computing components in order to simulate the truly quantum mechanical components of a physical system .
A crucial question therefore is : which physical systems are interesting to simulate in such a manner ?
While the complete answer to this question is not known , a deeper look at quantum algorithms for simulating quantum physics is now being undertaken in several places .
As an example , a group of physical chemists have recently compared how useful quantum computers would be for computing the energy level structure of molecular systems .
5
This is a classical problem of physical chemistry , and our inability to perform these calculations robustly for large molecules is a bottleneck in a variety of chemical and biological applications .
Could quantum computers help for solving this problem and outperforming the best classical algorithms ?
One of the exciting findings in studying this problem was that a small quantum computer , consisting of only a few hundred qubits , could already outperform the best classical algorithms for this problem .
This small number makes it likely that among the first applications of a quantum computer will not be factoring numbers , but instead will be in simulating quantum physics .
Indeed , we believe that a quantum computer will be able to efficiently simulate my possible physical system and that it therefore has the potential to have a huge impact on everything from drug discovery to the rapid development of new materials .
Back to Top
Conclusion
The discovery that quantum computers could efficiently factor is , even today , difficult to really appreciate .
There are many ways to get out of the conundrum posed by this discovery , but all of these will require a fundamental rewriting of our understanding of either physics or computer science .
One possibility is that quantum computers cannot be built because quantum theory does not really hold as a universal theory .
Although disappointing for quantum computer scientists , such a conclusion would be a major discovery about one of the best tested physical theoriesquantum theory .
Perhaps there is a classical algorithm for efficiently factoring integers .
This would be a major computer science discovery and would blow apart our modern public key cryptography .
Or perhaps , just perhaps , quantum computers really are the true model of computing in our universe , and the rules of what is efficiently computable have changed .
These are the dreams of quantum computer scientists looking for quantum algorithms on the quantum machines they have yet to be quantum programmed .
Back to Top
References 1 . Aharonov , D. , Ben - Or , M. Fault - tolerant quantum computation with constant error rate .
In Proceedings of the Twenty - Ninth Annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing ( 1997 ) .
ACM , 176188 .
2 . Aharonov , Y. , Davidovich , L. , Zagury , N. Quantum random walks .
Phys. Rev. A 48 , 167 ( 1993 ) .
3 . Ambainis , A. Quantum walk algorithm for element distinctness .
SIAM J. Comput. 37 ( 2007 ) , 210 .
4 . Ambainis , A. , Kempe , J. , Rivosh , A. Coins make quantum walks faster .
In Proceedings of the 16th Annual ACM SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms ( 2005 ) , 1099 .
5 . Aspuru -Guzik , A. , Dutoi , A. , Love , P.J. , head - Gordon , M. Simulated quantum computation of molecular energies .
Science 309 , 5741 ( 2005 ) .
6 . Bell , J.S. On the Einstein Podolsky Rosen paradox .
Physics 1 , ( 1964 ) , 195 .
7 . Buhrman , H. palek , R. Quantum verification of matrix products .
In Proceedings of the 17th Annual ACM - SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms ( 2006 ) , 880 .
8 . Childs , A.M. , Cleve , R. , Deotto , E. , Farhi , E. , Gutmann , S. , Spielman , D.A. Exponential algorithmic speedup by quantum walk .
In Proceedings of the 35th ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing ( 2003 ) , 5968 .
9 . Farhi , E. , Gutmann , S. Quantum computation and decision trees .
Phys. Rev. A 58 ( 1998 ) , 915 . 10 . Farhi , E. , Goldstone , J. , Gutmann , S. A quantum algorithm for the Hamiltonian NAND tree .
Eprint arXiv:quant - ph/ 0702144 , 2007 .
11 . Feynman , R. Simulating physics with computers .
Intl. J. Theor .
Phys. 21 ( 1982 ) , 467488 .
12 . Grover , L. A fast quantum mechanical algorithm for database search .
In Proceedings of the 28th Annual ACM Symposium on the Theory of Computation ( New York , 1996 ) .
ACM , 212219 .
13 . Häffner , H. , Hänsel , W. , Roos , C.F. , Benhelm , J. , al kar , D.C. , Chwalla , M. , Körber , T. , Rapol , U.D. , Riebe , M. , Schmidt , P.O. , Becher , C. , Gühne , O. , Dür , W. , Blatt , R. Scalable multiparticle entanglement of trapped ions .
Nature 438 ( 2005 ) , 643 . 14 .
Hallgren , S. Polynomial - time quantum algorithms for pell 's equation and the principal ideal problem .
In Proceedings of the 34th Annual ACM Symposium on the Theory of Computation ( New York , 2002 ) .
ACM , 653658 .
15 . Kedlaya , K.S. Quantum computation of zeta functions of curves .
Comput .
Complex . 15 , 119 ( 2006 ) .
16 . Kitaev , A. Quantum error correction with imperfect gates .
In Quantum Communication , Computing and Measurement ( New York , 1997 ) .
Plenum , 181188 .
17 . Knill , E. , Laflamme , R. , Zurek , W.H. Resilent quantum computation .
Science 279 ( 1998 ) , 342345 . 18 . Knill , E. , Laflamme , R. , Zurek , W.H. Resilient quantum computation : error models and thresholds .
Proc. Roy. Soc. Lond. Ser. A 454 ( 1998 ) , 365384 . 19 . Leibfried , D. , Knill , E. , Seidelin , S. , Britton , J. , Blakestad , R.B. , Chiaverini , J. , Hume , D.B. , Itano , W.M. , Jost , J.D. , Langer , C. , Ozeri , R. , Reichle , R. , Wineland , D.J. Creation of a six - atom ' Schrödinger cat ' state .
Nature 438 ( 2005 ) , 639 . 20 .
Magniez , F. , Santha , M. , Szegedy , M. Quantum algorithms for the triangle problem .
In Proceedings of the 16th Annual ACM SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms ( 2005 ) , 1109 .
21 . Nielsen , M.A. Chuang , I.L. Quantum Computation and Quantum Information .
Cambridge University Press , New York , 2000 .
22 . Regev , O. Quantum computation and lattice problems .
In 43rd Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science ( IEEE Computer Society , 2002 ) , 520529 .
23 .
Rivest , R.L. , Shamir , A. , Adleman , L. A method of obtaining digital signatures and public - key cryptosystems .
Commun . ACM 21 ( 1978 ) , 120126 .
24 .
Shor , P.W. Algorithms for quantum computation : Discrete log and factoring .
In Proceedings of the 35th Annual Symposium on the Foundations of Computer Science .
S. Goldwasser , ed. ( Los Alamitos , CA , 1994 ) .
IEEE Computer Society , 124134 .
25 .
Shor , P.W. Fault tolerant quantum computation .
In Proceedings of the 37th Symposium on the Foundations of Computer Science ( Los Alamitos , CA , 1996 ) , IEEE , 5665 .
26 .
Woehr , J. Online interview " A Conversation with Christos Papadimitriou " .
Dr. Dobb's J. July Dave Bacon is an assistant research professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering , Department of Physics , at the University of Washington , Seattle .
Back to Top
Authors Dave Bacon ( dabacon@cs.washington.edu ) is an assistant research professor in the Department of Computer Science & Engineering , Department of Physics , University of Washington , Seattle , WA .
Wim van Dam ( vandam@cs.ucsb.edu ) is an associate professor in the Department of Computer Science , Department of Physics , University of California , Santa Barbara , Santa Barbara , CA .
Back to Top
Back to Top
Figures Figure 1 . Classical versus quantum information .
Figure 2 . Classical ( top ) and quantum ( bottom ) random walks .
Figure 3 .
An example of a graph arising in the quantum random walk problem considered by Childs et al .
Figure 4 .
The NAND tree algorithm of Farhi , Goldstone , and Gutmann .
Figure 5 . The symmetries of a soccer ball .
Back to Top
Tables Table 1 .
Some examples of integer solutions ( x , y ) to Pell 's equation x2dy2 = 1 for different values d .
Back to top
©2010 ACM 0001-0782/10/0200 $ 10.00
Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page .
To copy otherwise , to republish , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists , requires prior specific permission and / or a fee .
The Digital Library is published by the Association for Computing Machinery .
Copyright © 2010 ACM , Inc .
No entries found
Or , as I first said on watching this , “ Holy *****…. ”
I mean , myself and Ian Dowse built a micromouse robot once , way back in the mists of prehistoric time , but , well …
It was n’t exactly going to finish in 4.766 seconds , you know ?
And it certainly did n’t look as slick as Tetra did :
Makes you wish there was money and facilities for doing robotics hardware in an Irish college , does n’t it ?
I mean , look at it , the sheer elegant efficiency of the design , the purpose to it – the PCB extends out in front to put the weight on the front drive wheels so that it ’s fast when turning , and the rear wheels come into play when it ’s accelerating forward – it ’s very elegant minimalist design , mechanically .
We just never had the money , facilities , tools or other necessary things to do that sort of work 😦
The one thing you can be sure of when you walk out of a BMW news conference is that you ’ll have plenty of information .
Your head aches from it .
Your ears ring with it .
Your jaws are sore from swallowing it whole like a snake .
I fairly staggered out of the press briefing at a hotel here laden with facts about the company ’s latest personal executive sedan , the 2011 BMW 5 - series .
This numerical disquisition will soon be yours , so brace yourself .
But here ’s a number that absolutely fascinated me .
According to BMW execs , the 5 - series -- the company ’s second - best - selling model after the multifarious 3 - series -- represents 50 % of the company ’s total profit .
Buyers typically heap pricey luxury , technology and sport packages on top of the $ 50,000 base price , resulting in a tidy windfall for BMW , if not an F5 tornado of money .
Consider what this fact suggests about 5 - series buyers :
These people are buying the sedan because of its size -- comfortable but still fairly intimate -- and because of what the Germans love to call “ sportivity . ”
These buyers also yearn for the cutting - edge technological spritz that comes as standard equipment in the flagship 7 - series , the next segment up , and are willing to pay extra to get it .
In other words , these are people who want everything in BMW ’s larder , and want it in a leaner , more lithe package .
With the new 5 - series , they ’ll get it .
Active roll stabilization ; electronic damper control ; four - wheel steering ; eight - speed transmission ; a new twin - scroll , single - turbo 3.0 - liter in - line six putting out 300 horsepower and 300 pound - feet of torque ( or a twin - turbo 4.4 - liter V - 8 with 400 hp , in the 550i ) ; new robotic parking assistance ; head - up display ; night vision ; stop - and - go adaptive cruise control , which will maintain a following distance in traffic and slow to a stop , then start rolling again , just like traffic on the 405 ; and roughly 8 million other acronymic systems , gadgets , gizmos and flight surfaces loomed to the car ’s high - speed cerebellum .
But as a strange little rock goblin with big lips once reminded us , you ca n’t always get what you want .
With the 5 - series you get everything you want -- except fun .
Let ’s start with styling .
The new 5 - series -- the insider designation is the F10 model -- is a good , solid , conservative , casually lovely effort but about as emotional as a Prussian wet nurse .
Design - directed by BMW ’s Adrian Van Hooydonk ( best name ever ? ) , the new 5 takes on something of the proportions of the 7 - series , with the cabin moved back along the fuselage , creating a longer hood and a more coupe - like roofline .
The broader twin - kidney grille is moved lower on the nose of the car and canted slightly forward , and the hood itself features a diverging V - shape , as if the BMW badge were a boat motoring across a steel lake .
Parallel accent lines strafe the fuselage at the belt line and sill and the whole is bejeweled with exotic lighting instruments , including Xenon adaptive headlamps and L - shaped light - bar taillamps ( these burn extra bright when the driver engages the anti-lock braking system ) .
The new car has the singular advantage of succeeding the infamous ( E60 ) generation 5 - series , which was comprehensively weird - looking , as if it had been styled in a soft - serve ice cream machine .
So comparatively , it ’s a Raphael .
I ’ll grant that the new car grew on me in the two days I spent with it and , further , that it looks better in daylight than it does on some showroom turnstile or in photographs .
But do I want to have this car ’s baby ?
No .
My chastity is all too secure .
Inside , the car is just about perfect .
I ’d have to say BMW currently offers the best interior design of any German car company .
The instrument panel comprises a “ black panel ” electronic display -- only the four key gauges are illuminated unless the car needs to throw you a warning light of some kind .
My test car had the brilliant 10 - inch navigation display in the center console , which is spectacular .
And the whole cabin was wrapped in premium materials -- aluminum , wood and leather -- in a great gestural flourish .
So then , some more numbers .
The 5 - series ’ wheelbase has been stretched to 116.9 inches -- 3.2 inches longer than the previous model -- over nearly the same length , which neatly sleek - ifies the profile .
Eighteen - inch wheels and tires are standard , with 19s and 20s optional , further deepening the athletic stance .
The 535 i ’s curb weight is up roughly 100 pounds , to 4,090 pounds , which is admirable considering the truckload of high - tech wonderment they dumped through the window .
Zero -60 acceleration is 5.7 seconds , and the car ’s top speed , with the sport package installed , is a brisk , Autobahn - like 150 mph .
The incumbent engine is the single - turbo in - line six , replacing the twin - turbo six of the same size ( 3.0 liters ) and output ( 300 hp ) .
This motor offers significantly better fuel economy and engine response -- not “ throttle ” response , because BMW ’s turbocharged engines and Valvetronic eliminate the need for throttle bodies .
For more information , take a plate of cookies to your local BMW dealership service bay .
The so - called N55 engine produces nominal torque ( 300 pound - feet ) at a mere 1,200 rpm and does n’t stop until north of 5,000 rpm .
Stitched to the new eight - speed automatic , the engine delivers utterly seamless , nearly hydraulic thrust in any gear and at any rpm .
Indeed , the engineers have hammered the torque curve so marvelously level , and poured tranquilizing syrup over every gear change , that the car actually feels a little remote and unfamiliar .
This is one of those moments that makes engineers want to throw grenades into news conferences , when people actually complain about refinement and smoothness .
But , honestly , this car has just a dram more Novocain in it than I ’d prefer .
The optional engine is the big - mutha 4.4 - liter V - 8 , with 400 hp and 450 pound - feet of torque ; a 2.8 - liter , 240 - hp in - line six will also be available later in the year .
As yet , BMW has no plans to offer a diesel option in the U.S .
Gearheads will palaver over the fact that the new 5 - series uses a double - wishbone - like multi- link front suspension now as opposed to the time - honored strut suspension .
The change helps stuff bigger brakes behind the wheel and has some positive effects for suspension geometry .
By the numbers and by the stopwatch , you ca n’t really fault the BMW ’s handling and road - holding .
The big car is well stabilized by the active anti-roll bar , so the car ’s body stays relatively flat in corners .
At speeds under 35 miles per hour , the Integral Active Steering turns the rear wheels 2.5 degrees opposite of the turn , for a tighter turning radius .
Above that speed , the wheels turn in sync with the front wheels , giving the car more authority in cornering .
If owners should ever take the 5 - series on the track , they ’ll find them benign , easy , capable , progressive and slightly boring .
And numb as a well digger ’s . . . let ’s just say numb , OK ?
What with the electric power steering , the active this and that , the four - wheel thingy , the car has been sapped of anything approaching vividness and tactility .
If you want to fiddle at the margins with the car ’s ride and handling , you can , via the Driving Dynamics Control , a system that progressively dials up the adaptive suspension , transmission sharpness , rev limit , steering response and the thresholds of the stability control system .
The settings include Comfort , Normal , Sport and Sport+ , the last of which finally puts some whalebone in the car ’s corset .
It feels tighter and firmer , corners flatter -- of course , with an active anti-roll bar in the rear , it ought to -- and bites harder .
But still , the steering feel is uncommunicative and artificial and just plain over - assisted .
Enthusiasts should definitely wait for the inevitable M5 performance version to arrive .
Put some aero skirts on this thing , shoe it with racing rubber .
There ’s definitely a fun car under all this technology .
Ca n’t wait to drive that one .
dan.neil@latimes.com
Some Thoughts on Economic Rationality
Corey Garriott ,
Rationalism in politics is the notion that man ’s psyche , or his selfhood if you wish , can be understood by its division into two separable parts , a rational mind and a nonrational component called body .
Rationalism merits its name because it places the seat of the will solely in the rational mind .
One can draw a pictoral model for the idea .
Imagine a line of causation representing self - rule extending downward from the ratio to the nonratio , represented as two boxes , one for mind one for body .
The downward line signifies that the will , which in rationalism takes seat in the rational mind , has power over the body .
There is also a reverse line of causation , one running upward and representing desire .
It is the body that produces the desires and gives them to the rational mind to execute and fulfill .
In the model it is important to realize that the “ body ” is an arational natural and usually material thing separated from the seat of the will .
Being arational and unwilled , it has therefore an unchanging nature ; it is solid , absolute , a “ fact . ”
In contrast the mind , being rational and having will , can change .
However , and this is the importance of the upward line of desire , the mind only acts in order to fulfill the desires .
This model is what I mean by rationalism in politics .
Ironically , it can be summarized in Hume ’s phrase : “ reason is the slave of the passions . ”
In other words , the contemporary theory of rationality employed in economics ( hence the theory employed in politics * ) is that one is rational to the degree that one efficiently fulfills all of one ’s irrational desires .
This is the exact opposite of Plato ’s theory that a soul is rational to the degree that it preempts the development of irrational appetites into controlling forces of the soul .
As Plato accurately described it , the democratic soul is a soul dominated by a variety of appetites , each competing for priority in satiation but none predominating .
All members of the polis are equal as are all desires , at least until any one disrupts the unity of the whole ( by violence or obsession ) .
Combined with the idea of “ revealed preferences , ” the contemporary definition of rationality makes a hash of any attempt to normatively legislate what behaviors are rational and what behaviors are irrational .
Each Christmas , one sees , for instance , articles sent around claiming that giving Christmas presents is economically irrational , since it results in a sub-optimal allocation of gifts hence a sub-optimal satisfaction of desires .
This argument is then rebutted by a counter - argument that people have another desire – the desire to receive gifts from friends , etc. –that is satisfied only by gift exchange , hence Christmas is rational after all .
Similarly , voters are irrational , since they do n’t pay enough attention to election , but rational because they have maximally fulfilled their desire to ignore elections .
And so on .
That economic thinking is injurious of conventional morality should go without saying .
Morality tells us that sometimes we should do things that we do n’t desire and refrain from doing things that we do desire .
To justify morality , economists have to invent a meta - desire to do the things we do n’t desire and so forth , but this charade is sometimes deemed too tedious for the rigorously economical mind .
For example , Bryan Caplan argues that it would be more efficient if we could sell babies ,
When I praised the growing division of maternal labor , the supposed reductio ad absurdum of baby selling came up .
My reply : I see nothing wrong with selling your baby–born or unborn –to loving parents .
Similarly , Dubner and Levitt examine prostitution in their recent Superfreakonomics and conclude that the key to being a well - paid prostitute is to enjoy one ’s job .
This has come in for excoriating criticism in certain quarters ,
It ’s clear in the way that they classify women who do not charge for sex as " competition ” to prostitutes - –as if those women were offering the same , or even comparable , experiences , and as if Levitt and Dubner genuinely cannot believe that sex is not a service performed for men by women , but a thing that women do for their own satisfaction .
Here are some remarks by the Japanese economist Iida Yasuyuki ,
経済学は 「合理的な経済人」というものを仮定してモデルを組み立てます。それを聞くと「非現実的だ、人間はそんなに何でも知っているわけじゃない。みんな非常に不十分な知識のなかで行動しているんだ」という感じで反論されます。これも実は用語法の誤解です。
・・・・ 経済学者が仮定する 「人々は合理的である」というのは、たとえばＡ君が何でも知っているとか、Ａ君は世の中のモデル、経済状態などをぜんぶ知ったうえで行動しているなんていう、とんでもないことを言っているわけではありません。
経済学にとってどうしても必要な仮定というのは、Ａ君がどうやって満足するのかを、Ａ君より知っている人はいない、たとえば、どうしたら私が満足できるかというのは、私が知っている必要すらなくて、私がほかの人よりは知っていればいい。自分のことは自分が一番知っていればいい、完璧である必要はもちろんない、という状態が「合理性」だと理解していただきたい。
Economists organize their models on the assumption of “ rational economic man . ”
When people hear this , they try to refute it by saying things like , “ That ’s unrealistic !
Human beings do n’t go around understanding things that way .
We all act on entirely insufficient data . ”
But this is actually a misunderstanding of economic terms of art . …
When an economist assumes that “ people are rational , ” they are n’t saying something impossible , like for example that person A knows everything , has a model of society , understands economic conditions , and so forth and acts on all that .
What for economists is a completely necessary assumption is that A knows how to fulfill A ’s desires more than anyone else , so that for example , it ’s not necessarily the case that I know everything about satisfying my desires , just more than anyone else .
What I would like for people to understand is that the state of knowing oneself best , though of course not necessarily perfectly , is called “ rationality . ”
Thus , prostitutes know for themselves whether they ’d be happier with some other job , and parents who sell their own babies know if they ’d be happier with the money than a snot nosed brat .
The long shadow of the cogito has been cast over the land in such a way that we think it non-problematic to claim ,
I think therefore I am .
Therefore I am a thinking thing .
Therefore I understand my own thinking best of anything in the world .
The problem with this Cartesian approach to rationality is that the Ancients were n’t wasting their breath when they said , “ Know Thyself . ”
Knowing thyself is hard .
It ’s harder even than Descartes proposed process of sitting alone in a chalet by the fire for a couple of days .
Our desires are not always apparent to ourselves , and even if they were , that would n’t make them the rational goal we ought to pursue .
Thus I fear that what we now call rationality is completely irrational .
* One notices then that Judge Posner ’s much vaunted application of economics to law is less radical than is widely supposed .
He merely does openly what others do in private .
As Keynes says , “ Practical men , who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influences , are usually the slaves of some defunct economist . ”
It was so much easier when Captain America could just punch prominent Nazis .
Ed Brubaker and Marvel Comics recently came under fire by Fox News due to the characterization of a small town protest group in Captain America # 602 .
In the issue , Bucky and the Falcon , tracking down the faux 1950's Captain America , find themselves in rural Idaho at the center of a gathering anti-government storm .
And here Brubaker 's troubles begin .
Due to what 's been deemed both a lettering error and an editorial oversight , a sign that read " Tea Bag the Liberals Before They Tea Bag You " appeared at an anti-tax rally within the story , and a controversy erupted when a conservative blogger supportive of the Tea Party caught wind of it several weeks later and accused Marvel of " making patriotic Americans into your newest super villains . "
Marvel responded in an interview with CBR , where Joe Quesada insisted the sign was an accident , and promised that the offending image would be stripped from all future reprints of the story .
The controversy and subsequent reversal was soon picked up by one of the cogs in the cyclonic perpetual emotion machine that is Fox News , who scored Marvel 's apology as a win for righteous conservatism over the oppressive liberal media .
It should n't be entirely surprising that Marvel , now a multi-billion dollar subsidiary of Disney , would kowtow to the media behemoth that is Fox News .
Marvel Comics are for people of all stripes and creeds , of course , and no one should be made to feel unwelcome for leaning one way or another politically .
Brubaker , however , has established himself as the preeminent Captain America writer by deftly weaving modern real - world allegory with bombastic superheroics to powerful effect , and so there was something rather disingenuous about Marvel 's recant , as it seems to be missing the point ; sure , you can remove the " Tea Bag the Libs Before They Tea Bag You , " sign , but are you really saying this story is n't about the Tea Party movement ?
Is n't that what makes the story so interesting ?
The intermingling of real - world concerns with colorful theatrics has been huge factor in the success of Ed Brubaker 's Captain America run .
From its earliest installments , there have been seeds of the real world planted throughout this celebrated tenure , and that has been the lens through which we understand who Captain America is , and how he functions as a national hero .
Take , for example , the villainous character of Aleksander Lukin .
Introduced in the writer 's first issue , Lukin is a Cold War holdover , born to the fires of WWII .
These traits are somewhat commonplace to Captain America adversaries , but what sets Lukin apart is his role as the chief executive of the powerful and far - reaching Kronas Corporation .
Lukin's Kronas Corporation was all the worst parts of big business , with shadowy holdings , international immunities , and even their own energy company subsidiary , Roxxon .
Lukin standing at the head of this powerhouse made him a new kind of villain , one who seemed to arise from the front of real - life newspaper pages .
Lukin , Kronas , and Roxxon all seemed to echo the dangers and fears gripping the nation in the wake of the Enron scandal , Halliburton and the growing 21st century military industrial complex .
Despite how it may appear , these stories were not strictly about vilifying corporations , or creating stories about " Captain America vs. Corporate America . "
Instead , what made these stories powerful was their unique ability to achieve resonance with the audience .
The stories did n't take pause to qualify that " these companies are good , and these ones are bad . "
Instead , they drew from real world headlines , and extrapolated the broader lessons the nation had learned .
This is an important detail in the balance of using the real world to enhance fiction -- that it is less effective to ground things in hard fact than it is to construct them so that they create the same sensation , and provoke the same emotional reaction as the real world .
In a sense , all of Brubaker 's Captain America can be read with that same search for emotional American resonance .
Steve Rogers ' commitment to saving and redeeming his fallen partner , the Winter Soldier , can be interpreted as a metaphor for America 's responsibility to it 's troubled veterans .
The Philadelphia bombing could be read as a take on an act of domestic terror .
The addle - minded 1950's Captain America , who struggles to recapture a long - lost and possibly - never - existed sense of who he is and what America is meant to be , can be read as a take on certain politicians ' brazen tactics of imagining a " Real America " of traditional ideals with which the presumably " un- Real America " has lost touch .
Of course , none of this is to say that these are the ways that the stories have to be read ; they are merely offered layers that are available to be appreciated .
As structurally sound fiction , all of these stories can be read and enjoyed for their simple , literal face value .
Still , it is their allegorical subtleties that provide the deep richness that has won the book its critical acclaim .
Nor is Brubaker the first Captain America caretaker to use real - world circumstances to cement the character as a barometer of the national mood .
Most notably , it was during Steve Englehart 's celebrated Secret Empire storyline in 1974 that Cap became so disillusioned with betrayals at the highest levels of government that he forswore his cowled identity .
The story ran contemporaneously to the Nixon / Watergate investigations , and Steve Rogers ' disenchantment with the American ideal was meant to reflect that of many Americans who felt betrayed by their government .
Of course , had there been an Internet in 1974 , there would have likely been some C.R.E.E.P. backers that would have lamented the yesteryears when Silver Age heroes knew to only tell us to trust all figures of authority , and thus keep us in our place in the world .
But I digress ...
This all goes a long way to take us back to Cap # 602 , and its kinda - sorta Tea Partiers .
It seems totally obstinate to pretend that last year 's Tea Party uprising , and even 2008 Anti-Obama rallies , had no bearing on this story .
The general sense of outrage , and the anti-government , anti-taxes platform was just as ripped from the headlines as was Kronas .
And the same must be said for the racial components of Bucky and the Falcon 's visit to small - town America , where the Falcon -- a black hero -- remarks at the heated faux - Tea Party rally that " I do n't exactly see a black man from Harlem fitting in with a bunch of angry white folks . "
Because whether Warner Todd Houston likes it or not , anyone with a pair of eyes will tell you that there is a strong tinge of racial tension present in at least some of these rallies , whose leader Mark Williams once called Obama " an Indonesian Muslim turned welfare thug and a racist in chief . "
Brubaker is not deriding all those who rally peaceably , but rather taking the boiled down , shorthand version of this controversy , and using it as a storytelling tool .
Ultimately , whether this book is sanctioned by the for - profit Tea Party Convention or not , it addresses the pitfalls of the mob mentality , along with the dangers of rural xenophobia , which the Tea Party must address if it is going to grow into a viable national voice that can be taken seriously by serious - minded people .
If not , it will remain a cartoonish caricature ripe for parody .
It also is vital to remember that Brubaker 's personal politics , while they might inform his work , are also wholly separate from it .
This seems especially pertinent when the FoxNews.com piece cites Brubaker 's Twitter posts with regards to certain prominent conservatives like President George W. Bush , Sarah Palin , and Michelle Bachman , as if the writer 's feelings on them are somehow proof positive as to some subversive agenda on his part .
These personal views certainly inform the work , and help shape the perspective the author brings to his assignment , but it is a far leap to assume he has converted Captain America into his own personal soapbox , ( that 's what " Green Arrow " is for ) .
To insinuate that he would do so is an assault on the integrity of both the writer and the editor .
If anything , he should be lauded for actually taking a book that is about a character that represents the ideals of America , and introducing , through conflict , issues that actually pertain to American life .
Finally , it also seems somewhat disingenuous to present Marvel Comics as some completely apolitical , agenda - free company .
During the company 's formative years , it was a champion of tolerance , which was , unto itself , a wholly progressive ideal that was ( and still is ) controversial in some circles .
Though they have generally avoided the political arena ( well , except that one time ) , the company has always stood firmly for social justice , which also became a huge part of the fans ' attachment to the brand -- an ideal and an attachment that we would rather see maintained .
It may not play in every corner of the country , but for a company that makes its bread telling tales of heroic ideals , standing up for something might be just the kind of great responsibility that goes with their great power .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
Grist photo / Jennifer PredigerI skipped Copenhagen ’s large demonstration on Saturday for the same reason I missed the Bright Green expo and Desmond Tutu speaking at the Bella Center — there ’s so freakin’ much happening here , so many events worth attending and reporting at every waking moment .
I ’ll post more soon about the event I did attend , a gathering of corporate executives up the coast at Hamlet ’s Kronborg Castle .
But a quick word on Saturday ’s rally .
What happened :
Tens of thousands of people showed up to demand , beg , shame and inspire world political leaders , all in hopes of getting a scientifically sane plan for addressing climate change .
The crowd estimates I ’ve seen ranged from 30,000 to 100,000 people .
With few exceptions , they delivered a unified message — give us a real deal that will prevent catastrophic changes .
With few exceptions , they were peaceful and civil .
Grist ’s Jennifer Prediger has photos and a first - hand account .
Here ’s how the world ’s media heavyweights presented it all :
CNN : “ Arrests at climate conference ”
The New York Times : “ Hundreds of Protesters Arrested at Climate Talks ”
ABC News : “ Green Rage : 600 Arrested at Climate Talks ” and “ Denmark : Nearly 1,000 Climate Protesters Released ”
BBC : “ Fury at Copenhagen police tactics ”
Fox News : “ Protesters Urge Action on Climate Change at Summit ” and “ Denmark : Nearly 1,000 Climate Protesters Released ”
These were the Copenhagen headlines on these sites on Sunday morning .
They ’re the first five sites I checked — not a comprehensive review .
But they ’re enough to see how prominent media sites fixated on the arrests –the controversy–and not on the substance of the rally ’s message .
Those arrests , by the way , were confined to “ black bloc ” protestors who had planned to cause violence and who stand more for overthrowing government than for holding it accountable .
The headlines simply missed the reality of most people ’s experience at the rally .
Here ’s a bit of that from Keith Schneider ’s dispatch :
A woman from Ghana opened the rally with a story of how her village , economically robust at the start of the decade , and easily able to feed itself , had been under siege in recent years by killing floods that gave rise to plagues of mosquitoes .
The two growing seasons that used to exist have been cut in half to an uncertain one .
After the floods came droughts and then floods and erosion and an end to bountiful harvests .
Sickness has brought unexpected deaths .
She blamed the fluky weather and its sober consequences on climate change .
Arlen Specter became the 19th Senator to sign onto the public option through reconciliation letter to Harry Reid yesterday , tweeting " I 'm proud to sign Sen .
Bennet 's letter .
I support a public option to lower health costs and keep insurance co's honest . "
Nearly 20 Senators , including representation from leadership in the person of Chuck Schumer , during recess is a pretty significant accomplishment .
It signals , at the very least , a recognition that the public option is indeed popular .
But on top of that , it 's the recognition that reconciliation is the only to get this accomplished , and that getting this passed is going to be key to having a supportive and active base in this election .
It 's taken months and months of progressive messaging to make the point that the White House is now pushing :
White House aides have begun to make the case that passing a bill through reconciliation is n't an extraordinary move , noting that it was used frequently under President George W. Bush .
Mr. Obama also argued Friday that recent price increases by insurance companies demonstrate the need for such an overhaul .
But we 're there now .
Keeping the momentum going is , in part , going to depend on the message the White House and leadership in the House and Senate gets from rank and file members .
Which , in turn , depends on the message they get from us : fix it and pass it .
They keep hearing that polling shows the base wants healthcare reform done , and that the public option remains popular with everyone except the third of voters who will be opposed to anything done while Obama is president .
They perhaps know that intellectually , but they need to hear it personally .
They need to hear from their constituents -- and particularly all the people who they regularly rely on not just for votes , but for volunteer action and donations -- that we have an expectation .
We want healthcare done , and done right .
We do n't want platitudes and empty promises .
If they mean it , they need to fight for it .
The message needs to be delivered to Pelosi , Reid , and Obama directly from us , but also from rank and file congressional members .
The best way to achieve that is to follow nyceve 's example , and make a lot of noise .
Update : Sen. Menendez has also now signed on .
With Reid 's stated support , that makes three out of four in Senate Dem leadership .
Where 's Durbin ?
by Brian C. McGuire
Mainstream American society continues to stereotype Older Americans as communicated through the media .
This presents itself a developing problem not only for Older Americans but for the mainstream population as well .
Mainstream American society often views the aging population in reference to stereotypes communicated through the media .
This form of imagery often distorts our ability to perceive others in the real world .
A number of investigators now believe that mass media is responsible for shaping our attitude of older Americans and the aging process ( Bazzini , McIntosh , Smith , Cook & Harris , 1997 ; Bell , 1992 ; Fillmer , 1984 ; Fine , Mortimer , & Roberts , 1990 ; Fisher , 1992 ; Larson , Kubey , Colletti , 1989 ) .
The persuasive capabilities of the media are powerful .
Scientific reports and a growing body of literature suggest that American society learns to form negative associations of older persons through the use of media forms ( Bazzini , McIntosh , Smith , Cook & Harris , 1997 ; Bell , 1992 ; Fillmer , 1984 ; Fine , Mortimer , & Roberts , 1990 ; Fisher , 1992 ; Larson , Kubey , Colletti , 1989 ) .
Bazzini , et al. ( 1997 ) analyzed the way in which motion pictures portray older Americans .
They discovered that older people were portrayed more negatively than younger people .
Moreover , older women were subject to age discrimination more so than men ( Bazzini , et al. , 1997 ; Harrison , 1991 ) .
Fisher ( 1992 ) designed an intersession course to help future sociologists analyze popular commercial images of older people ( Fisher , 1992 ) .
Fisher ’s results were promising : combining commercial films with related reading materials such as The Aging Family ; Elderly Parents , Grandparents and Siblings proved beneficial in helping his students to make distinctions between media biases and true behavior patterns of older Americans .
In recent years , the media have projected more positive images toward older Americans .
Bell ( 1992 ) examined five prime - time television programs in which older people were cast as central characters .
These television shows included The Golden Girls , Murder She Wrote , In the Heat of the Night , Matlock , and Jake and the Fatman .
According to Bell , previous media portrayals of older people appearing “ comical , stubborn , eccentric , and foolish ” were replaced with more progressive images .
These images allow older people to appear “ powerful , affluent , active , admired , and sexy . ”
Although Bell gave favorable reviews on what he hypothesized to be a discourse in aging on television , he cautioned researchers that demographics of older Americans on television were non-representative of the aging population and should be further investigated .
Print media and other visual forms have been found to influence our perception of the aging population ( Fillmer , 1984 ; Nussbaum & Robinson , 1984 ; Rosenwasser , McBride , Brantley , & Ginsburg , 1986 ; Starr and Weiner , 1993 ) .
Magazines ’ portrayal of older persons has reinforced negative biases held by society for many years ( Nussbaum & Robinson , 1984 ) .
In a pictorial study examining differentiation ability of children , Rosenwasser , McBride , Brantley and Ginsburg ( 1983 ) reported well - defined negative bias in children ’s attitudes toward older people .
Conversely , in a more recent study , Weber et al . ( 1996 ) found positive results when exposing children to apperception conditions .
In another study , the response pattern of children in grades four through six was measured while exposed to pictures of adults of varying ages ( Fillmer , 1984 ) .
Fillmer found ambiguous evidence of age stereotyping among children suggesting the need for additional studies .
Finally , in a literature review , Starr and Weiner ( 1993 ) clarified some misconceptions in the use of pictorial measurement techniques ( e.g. , PAAM ) .
They reminded clinical researchers and others of its proven value for training undergraduates and graduates in gerontology courses .
The average television viewing time for pre-adolescents is four hours per day ( Larson , Kubey , & Colletti , 1989 ) .
By the time children reach full adolescence , they will have viewed as much as 22,000 hours of television ( Bell , 1992 ; Fillmer , 1984 ) .
With the aging population representing only 4 percent of this media type ( in reality , older people make up 15 percent of the total population ) , investigators feel that the absence of older persons on television combined with a lack of knowledge of aging cause people to form negative associations with older Americans .
Although television ’s persuasion capabilities are powerful , visual and other media resources begin to take precedence early in adolescence ( Larson , Kubey , & Colletti , 1989 ) .
Today , approximately 33 percent of all high school seniors report reading magazines , while another 20 percent report reading non-schoolbooks daily .
American children spend more than eight hours a day exposed to some form of social medium , whether its uses are primary or a secondary source of activity .
Newspapers , magazines , book readings , pictures and a host of other media forms contribute to the development of ageist behavior .
Easily the most - viewed post at krebsonsecurity .com so far has been the entry on a cleverly disguised ATM skimmer found attached to a Citibank ATM in California in late December .
Last week , I had a chance to chat with Rick Doten , chief scientist at Lockheed Martin ‘s Center for Cyber Security Innovation .
Doten has built an impressive slide deck on ATM fraud attacks , and pictured below are some of the more interesting images he uses in his presentations .
According to Doten , the U.S. Secret Service estimates that annual losses from ATM fraud totaled about $ 1 billion in 2008 , or about $ 350,000 each day .
Card skimming , where the fraudster affixes a bogus card reader on top of the real reader , accounts for more than 80 percent of ATM fraud , Doten said .
Click the individual images below for an enlarged version .
[ EPSB ]
Have you seen :
Would You Have Spotted This ATM Fraud ?
… The site also advertises a sort of rent - to - own model for would - be thieves who need seed money to get their ATM - robbing businesses going .
“ Skim With Our Equipment for 50 % of Data Collected , ” the site offers .
The plan works like this :
The noobie ATM thief pays a $ 1,000 “ deposit ” and is sent a skimmer and PIN pad overlay , along with a link to some videos that explain how to install , work and remove the skimmer technology .
[ / EPSB ]
Tags : atm skimmer , lockheed martin , rick doten , secret service , windows
The new Web site presents a conservative interpretation of the issues over which Israel is most often criticized abroad  its settlements in the West Bank and its treatment of Palestinians , including the war in Gaza a year ago .
But it also seeks to puncture what the ministry considers common myths about Israel  that it is a big and primitive country , that its food consists of little more than hummus and falafel , and that Israelis as a group do not seek peace .
On the Web site , fake news clips show a British television journalist asserting that in Israel the camel is the main means of transportation and a Spanish reporter claiming that Israelis grill meat outdoors because they lack kitchens .
A French news anchor is seen saying that life here is a series of endless explosions .
The beginning of the campaign coincided with a growing controversy over the killing of a Hamas official in Dubai .
Many Israelis have wondered whether the assassination was the work of their Mossad spy agency , especially because a number of the false identities used by the killers were of Britons who had immigrated here .
One main message of the campaign is that Israel is a technically advanced and diverse society and that its government policies are not the source of regional conflict .
It notes that a number of important agricultural breakthroughs have occurred here , including drip irrigation and the development of the cherry tomato .
“ The campaign stems from a genuine fear that Israel is misrepresented , sometimes in very vicious ways , ” said Shlomo Avineri , who teaches political science at Hebrew University in Jerusalem .
“ On this level it is understandable .
But I think it is puerile .
Some of the information is ridiculous , and behind it I find a Bolshevik mentality  to make every citizen an unpaid civil servant for the policy of the government .
There is never any intimation that some of our problems have to do with actual policies . ”
GALLERIES OF THE DAY
Coolio selected for you the best top erotica sites and features them in a subblog of Coolio 's Erotic Babeblog .
Find Erotic Babes here
© Lifetime by Coolios Babes |
All rights reserved .
Coolio's Babelog is totally in compliance with the new 2257 laws
All galleries & links fall in line with this regulation .
-->
Robbed by cancer of his ability to speak , Roger Ebert has been letting loose on the Internet and in print .
And we like it .
A lot .
Advertisement
( That headline , by the way , comes from a comment on this post . )
Celebs Tweet About Golden Globes Today in Tweet Beat , celebrities like Jason Reitman , Mariah Carey , Rachel Zoe and more tweet about …
Read more
Advertisement
Last year , when Ebert officially retired from his television show and returned to full - time reviewing at The Chicago Sun -Times , he also devoted himself to blogging and Tweeting .
He 's blogged about how the limitations imposed by his illness , combined with the existence of the Internet , have meant that his writing " has expanded within my mind , reaches deeper , emerges more clearly , is more satisfactory . "
In the process , we 've gotten the chance to know Ebert a little better , unleashed on every topic in film and beyond , full of righteous anger and thoughtfulness alike — and freaking hilarious .
Some examples of his awesomeness :
1 ) His Twitter account , where he is truly unedited :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
2 ) He 's not afraid to take an implicitly feminist stance in his reviews and articles — such as here , or with his gentle mocking of Avatar over at Slate : " We already know how the female Na'vi evolved breasts .
They evolved them on Cameron 's drawing board , because you can't have a love affair between two Na'vi who are both breastless and therefore apparently male . "
Ouch Roger Ebert : " The Lovely Bones is a deplorable film with this message :
If you 're a 14 - year - old girl Read more
Advertisement
3 ) On his blog , he 's created and is actively engaged with a community on his site , including writing sincere appreciations of his readers ' blogs and reading all of the comments on his own , numbering in the hundreds .
4 ) He has been writing beautiful , lyrical meditations on the effects of his illness , including not being able to eat or speak .
( His last spoken words , he says , were goodbye to his wife . )
Advertisement
5 ) This is how his wife Chaz , pictured above , describes him : " One of the things I admire about Roger is that his ego and his intellect enjoy a challenge .
He likes a woman of substance who is smart and has something to say . "
6 ) This funny , sweet line , in a paean to making out in his youth : " My hands strayed to the netherlands .
My own movables were subject to trespass . "
Advertisement
Anyone else ?
Making Out Is Its Own Reward [ Roger Ebert 's Journal ]
Nil By Mouth [ Roger Ebert 's Journal ]
I Think I'm Musing My Mind [ Roger Ebert 's Journal ]
Finding My Own Voice [ Roger Ebert 's Journal ]
The Hurt Locker Is the Movie of the Year [ Slate Movie Club ]
The Blogs Of My Blog [ Roger Ebert 's Journal ]
Ebert Meets Match With Wife Chaz [ Variety ]
Advertisement
( Hat tip for inspiring the headline to commenter smashsparkle . )
You have to wonder whether they 've ever come across that remark by the Man Himself , to the effect that he came for sinners , not the righteous .
It 's more interesting , I 'd say , for someone who 's been associated with violence – as he sees it , violence in the cause of justice – to consider what the Sermon on the Mount is about than for someone who 's never had to wrestle with questions of repentance and forgiveness .
My own sympathies during the Troubles were with those who wanted a united Ireland , but I 'd feel exactly the same if it were one of the Loyalist paramilitaries , measuring up his own actions against his Christianity and reflecting that Barabbas , freed by Pontius Pilate , was " someone else 's freedom fighter " .
A hot gas giant planet discovered in 2008 is losing its atmosphere to its star at a rate of 189 million billion tonnes a year , astronomers in China say .
The planet , WASP - 12 b , is very close to its star , just two per cent of the distance between the Earth and the sun , and has a surface temperature of 2,250 C , as hot as some stars and half as hot as the surface of the sun .
The gas giant planet is both larger and more massive than Jupiter but orbits its star at an incredible speed , completing a " year " in just 26 hours .
The planetary system is 871 light - years away .
The planet is so close to its star that the star 's tidal forces are distorting the planet into an egg shape and pulling away its atmosphere at a rate of 189 million billion tonnes every year .
That sounds like a lot , like there should n't be any planet left , but it 's only one - 10 millionth of the mass of Jupiter .
The astronomers found that the planet was losing mass by analyzing the amount of the star 's light the planet was blocking when it passed between the star and the Earth .
The researchers , led by Shu-lin Li of Peking University , predict that the gas being pulled off the planet by the star 's tides is forming a disk around the star , and that disk should be detectible by infrared telescopes .
The astronomers ' calculations , appearing this week in the journal Nature , also indicate that there could be a second planet , a so - called super - Earth , that orbits the star within the disk of gas in resonance with WASP - 12 b .
The core issue about methane is that it is 20 to 25 times more dangerous as a GHG than carbon dioxide .
A key component in disregarding methane has been it 's relatively short estimated ' half life ' of 8 years before it breaks down into the less dangerous carbon dioxide and vapor .
I posted before about the danger of increasing the concentration of methane in the upper atmosphere when combined with an increase in that ' half life ' .
As hydroxyl radicals are used up in the troposphere , the sink for methane becomes depleted , increasing the effective half life , or persistence of methane in the upper atmosphere .
Every sign is , we are on that very path , and no this chart does not illustrate that , necessarily .
We 've pumped a whole bunch of methane into the upper atmosphere now for some 200 years .
Please read the whole diary , check the comments and look at the links , rather than just comment on one graph .
Thanks .
To get an understanding of the seriousness of the problem , this graph below might make that more clear .
The rise in CH4 levels since the 1800s is directly related to population , increased population of ruminants , increased agricultural use of methanogenic plants like rice and industrial pollution .
However , the impact of AGW [ climate change ] on methane production potentially dwarfs human caused increases due to non AGW reasons since the 1800s , as large areas of permafrost are exposed for the first time in tens of thousands or perhaps hundreds of thousands of years .
Bacteria that have remained frozen dormant will quickly add to the release of methane .
Methane bubbles , miles wide
Late in April 2009 , astronauts aboard the International Space Station observed a strange circular area of thinned ice in the southern end of Lake Baikal in southern Siberia .
The ice ring had a diameter of 2.7 miles ( 4.4 km ) .
Credit : NASA
Methane clathrates [ ocean bound deposits of methane ] hold yet even more potential danger .
Most scientists say any substantial release of clathrates would be very unfortunate for most life forms on this planet .
[ Gross Understatement . ]
link Large - Scale Controls of Methanogenesis Inferred from Methane and Gravity Spaceborne Data
A. Anthony Bloom , 1 Paul I. Palmer , 1 , * Annemarie Fraser , 1 David S. Reay , 1 Christian Frankenberg2
Wetlands are the largest individual source of methane ( CH4 ) , but the magnitude and distribution of this source are poorly understood on continental scales .
We isolated the wetland and rice paddy contributions to spaceborne CH4 measurements over 2003 –2005 using satellite observations of gravity anomalies , a proxy for water - table depth { Gamma} , and surface temperature analyses TS .
We find that tropical and higher - latitude CH4 variations are largely described by { Gamma} and TS variations , respectively .
Our work suggests that tropical wetlands contribute 52 to 58 % of global emissions , with the remainder coming from the extra-tropics , 2 % of which is from Arctic latitudes .
We estimate a 7 % rise in wetland CH4 emissions over 2003 –2007 , due to warming of mid-latitude and Arctic wetland regions , which we find is consistent with recent changes in atmospheric CH4 .
Here 's a very nice posting about the very subject .
http://knol.google.com/...
I replied at the bottom of that posting with my concerns .
-----------------
updated , now that I found some spare time .. and shortly off to get some sleep !
( CNN ) -- Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada on Thursday apologized to South Korea for the more than three decades when Japan ruled over Korea , calling the time a " tragic incident . "
Okada made the rare apology during a joint news conference with South Korean Foreign Minister Yu Myung - hwan , Korean state - run media reported .
" I believe it was a tragic incident for Koreans when they were deprived of their nation and their identity , " Okada said , according to the Yonhap news agency .
" I can fully understand the feelings of ( Koreans ) who were deprived of their identity and nation .
I believe we must never forget the victims , " he added .
Japan controlled Korea from 1910 to 1945 .
During that time , Japan 's military is accused of forcing about 200,000 women , mainly from Korea and China , to serve as sex slaves .
They were known as " comfort women " for soldiers in Japan 's Imperial Army .
There have been street protests and lawsuits in that past in South Korea over the sufferings of the comfort women .
At least one other Japanese leader has apologized for the era .
In 2001 , then - Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi acknowledged the " enormous damage " inflicted by Japan 's military " by colonization and invasion . "
Paris , February 15th , 2009 – Tomorrow , a parliamentarian resolution will be submitted in Iceland in order to turn the country into a model for freedom of expression on the Internet .
Far away from the conservative vision displayed by many confused governments who try to control freedom of communication on the Net through “ three strikes ” , Internet blocking or the ACTA , this would be a historic event .
La Quadrature du
Net supports this project and congratulates the coalition of Icelandic Parliamentarians at the origin of the initiative .
If repressive and authoritarian schemes were to prevail in our societies , Iceland would represent the ultimate refuge for the free circulation of information .
This parliamentarian resolution nicknamed “ Icelandic Modern Media Initiative “ aims to initiate a legislative process in order to guarantee by law the freedom of expression and communication on the Internet .
Source and whistleblower protections , libel law , “ mere conduit ” principle : this project would compile the best existing laws from across the world in order to provide the best protection to journalists and citizens against attempts to undermine freedom of communication through legal pressure .
Thanks to this initiative , this country devastated by the financial crisis would make the choice of an original model of socio- economic development , based on the access to information rather than its control .
“ This Icelandic legislative project is a major breakthrough .
Refusing repressive conservatism and the temptation of big corporations and politicians to control the Internet , Iceland would become a haven for freedoms on the Internet .
We must support this initiative so that freedom of expression , which is essential to the good functioning of our democracies , is fully protected on the Internet .
With laws such as the French HADOPI and LOPPSI or the ACTA , we might all end up hosting and sending our data through Iceland . ” , states Jérémie Zimmermann , spokesperson for La Quadrature du Net .
How Bugliosi Met the Bush Censors Editor ’s Note :
In the United States , the immense power of the right - wing news media , the cowardly careerism of the corporate press , and the weakness of independent media add up to a system of propaganda that is subtly Orwellian , hyping trivial matters and ignoring significant ones , even while many Americans think they are being protected by a free press .
While this dark reality is something we write about often at Consortiumnews.com , it has become increasingly apparent to almost anyone who speaks out on important topics , such as demanding accountability from George W. Bush and other protected figures , as David Swanson notes in this guest essay :
One of the best features of a visit to Los Angeles is the opportunity to hang out with the guy who put Charles Manson in prison , the most successful criminal prosecutor we 're ever likely to see , Vince Bugliosi ( 105 convictions in 106 felony jury trials , 21 convictions in 21 murder trials ) .
Email
Printer friendly I spoke with him on Tuesday about his forthcoming documentary film ( pre-order DVD here http://www.indiegogo.com/bush ) .
I consider Vince a friend , an ally , and a hero , but we do n't see eye to eye on everything .
I oppose the death penalty and all manifestations of revenge .
I 'm an atheist .
I think the United States had a pretty darn horrible government before George W. Bush even came on the scene and that war lies have been a proud tradition of ours for centuries .
I see strategic advantage in pushing for accountability from underlings and for less than the most severe charges .
Vince disagrees to various degrees on each of these points .
I do n't object to Vince 's choice to focus exclusively on one thing , because what he is focused on is one of the most important things anyone could .
He is seeking to prosecute George W. Bush for the murder of the U.S. soldiers he sent into war on false pretenses .
Vince has written three New York Times # 1 bestseller books , so he expected his latest The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder to do well .
It has , in fact , sold nearly 100,000 copies .
But that is a shocking disappointment to its author .
The difference with this book was that the corporate media completely whited it out .
There has not been a single review in a major newspaper ( although the New York Times published an article about the lack of coverage ) .
And Bugliosi has not been put on national television to talk about this book , as he was with his other books .
So , his publisher has been thrilled with the sales that have been generated through the independent media .
Vince told me he thought a blackout like the one of his book would not happen in any other country except perhaps Russia .
His topic , an illegal war on Iraq based on lies and the need to hold a former President accountable , is not discussed in the corporate media or even much by independent sources any more .
It was a hot topic in 2005 and 2006 , but the Democrats in Congress dropped it in 2007 when they obtained the power to do something about it .
Vince has been flabbergasted by this every time I 've talked to him for years now :
" How is it possible for George W. Bush to take this nation to war on false pretenses with the cataclysmic results that there have been , and America does absolutely nothing about it - How is that possible ? "
I asked Vince if there was anything people could compel Congress to do that would help in any way .
He said that a congressional committee had made a criminal referral to the Department of Justice which was now investigating whether baseball pitcher Roger Clemens had committed perjury when he testified that he had n't used steroids .
Bugliosi suggests , rather reasonably , that an apparent case of lying the nation into war should be similarly referred for prosecution .
He made this same suggestion in his testimony before the House Judiciary Committee last July .
Why does this not happen ?
In Vince 's analysis , " the Democratic Party is much too civilized .
They 're not fighters like the shrill and strident Republicans . "
Vince has spoken to large crowds around the country about his book .
The forthcoming documentary , making the same case as the book , is built largely around a speech Bugliosi made at UCLA Law School .
Also included in the film is footage of my friends Carlos and Melida Arredondo who lost their son Alex in the Iraq War .
Another survivor shown in the film is Jane Bright who lost her son and expresses the guilt she feels for not having been there to stop a rocket from hitting him .
She holds no ill will toward the Iraqi who shot the rocket who , she says , was just doing his job : " George Bush murdered my son . "
The film is still a work in progress , but a rough cut was shown to a group in Los Angeles last week , not a group of peace activists , but not necessarily a strictly representative sample of the country either .
For what it ’s worth , over 90 percent of the viewers said they would definitely urge their friends to see it , and the rest said they probably would .
Just as torture photos move Americans much more powerfully than written evidence of torture , the passion of the film may have an impact that reaches much further than the book .
Footage of bloodshed in Iraq is juxtaposed with footage of Bush joking about WMDs , intended to show Bush 's lack of interest in honesty , as well as footage of Bush enjoying himself , intended to encourage the hatred that Bugliosi feels .
I asked Vince , as I always do , to explain his targeting of Bush for killing American soldiers who participated , but not innocent Iraqis who did not .
Vince said that Bush was clearly guilty of the deaths of Iraqis ( he STILL uses the outrageously low figure of 100,000 dead Iraqis in order to not overstate it ) .
However , Vince explains , he was not able to establish jurisdiction in America for trying Bush for those murders .
I asked why it is that the highest laws of our land cannot be enforced .
The Constitution makes treaties , like the UN Charter , the supreme law of the land , but unless there 's a corresponding statute in the U.S.
Code there 's nothing a prosecutor can do .
Vince 's explanation was that , sadly , that 's just the way it is .
So I asked whether he would approve of the International Criminal Court developing the jurisdiction to prosecute the crime of aggressive war , and / or approve of Congress legislating criminal penalties for the same crime .
In the case of Congress , Bugliosi expressed concern that the creation of such a new law ( which could not be used against Bush 's past crimes due to the Constitution 's ban on ex-post - facto laws ) might be used to argue that heretofore the activity has been legal .
Bugliosi explained that the biggest obstacle he 's faced with his book has been the assumption by all sorts of people ( he mentions Jerry Brown , once and perhaps future governor of California , as an example ) that it 's simply not possible to prosecute a President for a war .
But , Vince says , every single person who has argued that has admitted that they have not yet read his book .
I asked Bugliosi whether Jay Bybee 's Oct. 23 , 2002 , memo purporting to legalize aggressive wars , could make him complicit in murder .
The question , Bugliosi said , would be one of proving that Bybee knew what he was writing to be false .
There are a million things I know I could never do , but I think I could persuade a jury on this one with no sleep , no breakfast , and a ban on using words with the letter ' E ' in them .
I have no doubt that Bugliosi could do it in a brief afternoon .
I asked Bugliosi what he would think if the Department of Justice were to indict Bush for the felonies of misleading Congress and making false statements to Congress .
Bugliosi 's response was what it has been before : " That 's such small potatoes . "
Vince would be glad to include those charges as one count of an indictment , but only if another count was murder .
The punishment for lying to Congress is far too low , he thinks , and -- says Bugliosi -- presidents lie to Congress all the time .
( He acknowledged that while I think they do this about wars all the time , he thinks they do it only about other topics . )
We also talked about Pakistan and what we are doing there , in particular with drones .
Bugliosi said the killing there could certainly be murder , regardless of whether it's a war or what we call it .
And we talked about the just - opened investigation of Iraq war lies in England .
" I'm impressed with England , " said Bugliosi .
" Their nation is not in the decline that America is .
I salute them for what they 're doing .
If there 's a prosecution of George W. Bush in the United States , and if I 'm involved , several of those witnesses would be asked to testify , including Manning and Dearlove . "
What about Blair ?
Has Tony Blair committed murder ?
We discussed this for a while .
Vince stressed that his focus has been on Bush .
The question of whether Blair is guilty , Vince said , comes down to whether he lied to the British people in taking them to war .
We discussed areas where it looked like Blair had lied .
Bugliosi pointed to the Downing Street Minutes in which the attorney general of the UK ( Goldsmith ) tells Blair that his planned war has no legal basis .
The minutes state : " The Attorney General said that the desire for regime change was not a legal base for military action .
There were three possible legal bases : self - defence , humanitarian intervention , or UNSC authorisation .
The first and second could not be the base in this case .
Relying on UNSCR 1205 of three years ago would be difficult .
The situation might of course change . "
Bugliosi decided that the more he talked about it the more he would find Blair deserving of prosecution , but that Blair 's responsibility did not compare to Bush's .
[ You can get this DVD at http://www.indiegogo.com/bush ]
David Swanson is the author of the new book Daybreak : Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union by Seven Stories Press .
You can order it and find out when tour will be in your town : http://davidswanson.org/book.
[ This article previously appeared at Afterdowningstreet.org . ]
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
One of the most interesting things about the unveiling of the new Windows Phone 7 platform by Microsoft at the World Mobile Conference was the announcement that AT&T will be Microsoft's " premier partner " in the United States .
As much flack as AT&T takes from customers and media , it is still the " chosen one " for premier smartphone platforms .
When Apple held its much - anticipated press event launching the iPad , it was widely expected that Apple might also reveal details of the next - generation iPhone , or announce the end of its exclusivity arrangement with AT&T as the sole distributor of the iPhone in the United States .
That did n't happen .
On the contrary , Apple executives , speaking to investors and analysts on the quarterly earning call that preceded the iPad launch , defended AT&T 's data network and reinforced Apple 's faith that AT&T can meet the demands , and renewed Apple 's commitment to AT&T .
Now , only a few weeks later , Microsoft finally unleashes Windows Mobile 7 -- rebranded as Windows Phone 7 -- and also throws its support behind AT&T .
Granted , Microsoft plans to distribute Windows Phone 7 devices through all four of the major wireless carriers in the United States , but Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer singled out AT&T as a " premier partner " .
AT&T has been the target of a variety of complaints from users -- primarily iPhone users -- who are frustrated with spotty 3G connectivity , and saturated or slow data speeds , among other things .
It 's public whining in response to Verizon 's " there 's a map for that " ad campaign served only to draw more attention to AT&T 's network issues and support Verizon 's claims .
Suffice it to say , there are a large number of current iPhone users who feel enslaved to AT&T against their will because it 's the only way they can use the smartphone of their dreams .
There are also a large number of users who wish they could use the iPhone , but have reluctantly settled on alternative handsets because they refuse to do business with AT&T .
It is unclear exactly what " premier partner " status means .
Perhaps AT&T will get exclusive rights to the cream of the crop of the Windows Phone 7 handsets .
Maybe AT&T will get preferential treatment in terms of Windows Phone 7 availability .
Maybe both .
However " premier partner " shakes out , the fact remains that AT&T is the anointed carrier for both Apple and Microsoft when it comes to premium smartphones .
Of course , Android - based devices like the Motorola Droid and the Google Nexus One have emerged as alternative next - generation smartphones providing an exception to the AT&T " chosen one " status .
While AT&T has yet to add any Android handsets to its inventory of devices , the other three major wireless carriers have embraced the open - source Google platform as an iPhone alternative .
Network complaints notwithstanding , AT&T is a very capable wireless service provider .
AT&T has already stated its intention to invest heavily in beefing up its network data capacity , and recently unveiled plans to begin rolling out next - generation 4G access beginning in 2011 .
For small businesses , AT&T also appears to be the more cost - effective option .
For service on five wireless phones , with unlimited data , and unlimited text messaging and a combined pool of 4000 minutes -- 4500 minutes for Verizon , along with the other standard nights and weekends , mobile to mobile , and other calling plan benefits , AT&T is about $ 100 a month less than equivalent service from Verizon .
Granted , if you have 10 , or 50 , or 300 wireless lines to deal with , the numbers can vary widely and it's up to each business to do its own homework to determine where the best value lies .
Obviously , a strong desire for a given device -- like the iPhone or the Droid - - will predetermine your wireless carrier choice by virtue of the existing exclusivity .
Apparently , though , Microsoft and Apple both see some redeeming qualities in AT&T that set it apart from the competition and make it the carrier of choice for high - end devices like the iPhone , iPad , and now Windows Phone 7 handsets .
Tony Bradley is co-author of Unified Communications for Dummies .
He tweets as @ Tony_BradleyPCW , and can be contacted at his Facebook page .
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
The first decade of the twenty - first century was the hottest since recordkeeping began in 1880 .
With an average global temperature of 14.52 degrees C ( 58.1 degrees F ) , this decade was 0.2 degrees C ( 0.36 degrees F ) warmer than any previous decade .
The year 2005 was the hottest on record , while 2007 and 2009 tied for second hottest .
In fact , 9 of the 10 warmest years on record occurred in the past decade .
Temperature rise has accelerated in recent decades .
The earth ’s temperature is now 0.8 degrees C ( 1.4 degrees F ) higher than it was in the first decade of the twentieth century , and two - thirds of that increase has taken place since 1970 .
Even with these seemingly small increases in global temperature , natural systems are already starting to respond , as evidenced by melting ice sheets and glaciers , shifting weather patterns , and changes in the timing of seasonal events .
If temperatures continue to rise on their current trajectory , by the end of the century they will have left the narrow range in which human civilization has developed and flourished .
Though temperatures are rising around the globe , some areas are warming faster than others , with the greatest warming taking place in the Arctic .
Paleoclimate records from Arctic lakes , tree rings , and ice cores reveal that the past decade was the warmest of the past two millennia .
Warming is amplified in the Arctic for a number of reasons , including the loss of the region ’s extensive snow and ice cover : as temperatures rise and light - reflecting ice melts , it is replaced by darker water , which absorbs more energy from the sun , thereby accelerating warming .
In parts of the Arctic , average annual temperatures have increased by as much as 2 –3 degrees C ( 3.6 –5.4 degrees F ) since the 1950s .
In 2007 , Arctic summer sea ice shrank to its lowest extent on record , leaving the Northwest Passage completely ice - free for the first time in human memory .
Then 2008 and 2009 brought the second and third lowest extent of Arctic summer ice on record .
The earth ’s temperature is determined by a number of factors .
One major influence is the El Niño–Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) .
This cycle , which involves large shifts in atmospheric and ocean temperatures over the tropical Pacific , has two phases : El Niño , which typically raises average global temperature , and La Niña , which lowers it .
Year - to - year temperature variations are also influenced by the amount of energy the earth receives from the sun : increases in solar activity tend to raise global temperatures , while decreases in solar activity lower them .
These natural cycles alone , however , fail to explain the temperature patterns of the last decade .
While the strongest El Niño of the century pushed 1998 temperatures up to their then - record high , temperatures in the hottest year ( 2005 ) did not receive a boost from El Niño .
And 2007 was tied for second hottest year on record , despite the development of a cooling La Niña .
Furthermore , while global temperatures have been climbing to record heights , incoming solar energy has in fact been declining since the beginning of the decade .
In early 2009 , solar activity reached its lowest level in a century .
Rather than ENSO cycles or variations in solar irradiance , human - induced warming from heat - trapping greenhouse gases has become the dominant climate influence .
Carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere have risen rapidly since the start of the Industrial Revolution , climbing from 280 parts per million ( ppm ) in the late eighteenth century to 387 ppm today .
Researchers recently reported that the last time atmospheric carbon dioxide levels were this high was roughly 15 million years ago , when sea level was 25 – 40 meters ( 80 to 130 feet ) higher , and temperatures were approximately 3 –6 degrees Celsius warmer .
The risks posed by rising global temperature are widespread .
As the atmosphere warms , mountain glaciers that provide water to over a billion people are melting .
Melting ice sheets and thermal expansion of oceans raise sea levels , threatening coastal populations .
Increasing temperatures bring decreasing crop yields , putting world food supplies at risk .
And ecosystems worldwide are irrevocably altered , placing large numbers of species at risk of extinction .
Higher global temperatures also bring with them more frequent and severe extreme weather events .
Over the past few decades , scientists have noted an increase in hot extremes and a decrease in cold extremes across the globe .
As temperatures rise further , heat waves will become more frequent and intense .
Longer and more severe droughts will take place over wider areas ; an upsurge in global drought since the 1970s , associated with higher temperatures , has already been observed .
At the same time , as temperatures rise , the water - holding capacity of the atmosphere increases , leading to more intense storms and flooding in areas that are already wet .
The past decade saw many record - breaking extreme weather events , providing examples of the kinds of incidents expected to become more frequent with global warming .
In the summer of 2003 , Europe experienced an intense heat wave that led to over 52,000 deaths .
In the United States , where daily record high temperatures occurred twice as often as record lows over the last 10 years , persistent drought plagued parts of the South and West for much of the second half of the decade .
A 2006 heat wave affecting the West and Midwest was blamed for 140 deaths in California .
The combination of high temperatures and drought makes a dangerous recipe for wildfire ; indeed , 2006 and 2007 saw the worst fire seasons on record in the United States .
A similar combination led to disaster in southeastern Australia in early 2009 : on what is now known as Black Saturday , intense , rapidly spreading bushfires killed 173 people and burned over a million acres .
Other areas have experienced unusually heavy rains and flooding over the past decade .
Record flooding hit Central Europe in 2002 , causing over 100 deaths and forcing 450,000 people to evacuate .
In summer 2007 , the worst flooding in 60 years in England and Wales killed nine people and caused billions of dollars worth of damage ; that May to July period was the wettest in the region since recordkeeping began in 1766 .
In 2008 , extensive flooding occurred in several parts of the African continent ; Algeria saw its worst floods in a century , while Zimbabwe ’s floods were its worst on record .
As temperatures rise , warmer oceans provide more energy to feed tropical storms .
The past few decades have seen an increase in the frequency of the most severe hurricanes , and researchers have identified rising sea surface temperatures as the primary cause .
The 2005 Atlantic hurricane season was the worst on record , with 27 named storms , 15 of which were classified as hurricanes — including Hurricane Katrina , which caused over 1,300 deaths and $ 125 billion in financial losses .
In 2007 , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , an international body of over 2,500 scientists , released its Fourth Assessment Report , in which it called the recent warming of the globe “ unequivocal . ”
The report projected a rise in average global temperature of 1.1 –6.4 degrees C ( 2 –11 degrees F ) by the end of the century .
Based on the most recent scientific assessments , if greenhouse gas emissions continue to grow at their current pace , the temperature rise by the end of the century will likely reach or exceed the upper end of these projections .
Already , effects of increasing temperatures such as accelerating ice melt and sea level rise are outpacing the IPCC ’s predictions of just three years ago .
Without significant cuts in greenhouse gas emissions , global temperature will rise dramatically by the end of the century , creating a world that looks vastly different from the one we know today .
Data and additional resources available at www.earthpolicy.org.
I know , we ’ve seen lots of topless pictures of Lucy Pinder over the years , but she ’s always been one of my favorites and as always she delivers .
This is a concept UI under development .
Designs are subject to change .
This page contains visual explorations of how a Chrome OS tablet UI might look in hardware .
Some possibilites they explore include : Keyboard interaction with the screen : anchored , split , attached to focus .
Launchers as an overlay , providing touch or search as means to access web sites .
Contextual actions triggered via dwell .
Zooming UI for multiple tabs
Tabs presented along the side of the screen ( see Side tabs )
Creating multiple browsers on screen using a launcher UI Concepts
Video Concepts
Please see attached video at the bottom of this page .
Aus Piratenwiki
Sitzung des Bundesvorstandes am 2009 - 12 - 23 Einwahl via NRW-Mumbleserver Bundesvorstandsraum
Uhrzeit {{ {2}}} CET oder CEST
Als Gast bitte selber stummschalten , solange man nichts sagen möchte , um unnötige Hintergrundgeräusche zu reduzieren oder die Push - to - talk - Funktion verwenden .
Ebenso sollte die Verwendung von Freisprechfunktionen vermieden werden , da diese Echos erzeugen .
Achtung : Die Vorstandssitzungen werden gestreamt und aufgezeichnet .
Der Bundesvorstand behält sich ebenfalls vor diese Aufzeichnungen ganz oder in Teilen nachträglich im Internet zu veröffentlichen !
Aufzeichnungen und Protokolle vergangener Sitzungen finden sich im Portal des Bundesvorstands .
Tagesordnung / Protokoll
Beginn : 19:00 Ende : 20:20
Versammlungsleiter : Bernd
Auf die Protokollführung wird verzichtet , Bernd wird beauftragt , einen Ergebnisvermerk anzufertigen .
Bestimmung von Ort und Zeit des BuPT 2010.1
Ergebnisvermerk der außerordentlichen Sitzung vom 23.12.2009 :
Auf Bitten des Mitglieds des Bundesvorstands Thorsten Wirth wird am Nachmittag des 23 .
Dezember 2009 eine außerordentliche Sitzung des Bundesvorstands der Piratenpartei Deutschland einberufen .
Hintergrund der Bitte ist die Kritik des LV Nordrhein - Westfalen an der Festlegung des Zeitpunkts für den nächsten Bundesparteitag 2010 .
Ihr Einverständnis zur außerordentlichen Sitzung geben :
Thorsten Wirth
Jan Simons
Aaron Koenig
Bernd Schlömer
Andreas Popp
Jens Seipenbusch entschuldigt sich für die Sitzung ; er gibt Vorstands - intern bekannt , eine Beschlussfassung des Bundesvorstands zu diesem einzigen Tagesordnungspunkt mitzutragen .
Nicole Hornung konnte aufgrund der engen Zeitplanung nicht erreicht werden .
Dies ist falsch .
Weiteres in der Sitzung am 7.1.2010 .
-- JensSeipenbusch
Der Bundesvorstand betrachtet sich als beschlussfähig in dieser Angelegenheit .
An der öffentlichen Telefonkonferenz nehmen unter anderem aktiv teil :
Vertreter des LV Nordrhein - Westfalen
Vertreter des LV Niedersachsen
Vertreter des LV Baden - Württemberg
Vertreter des LV Hessen
Vertreter des LV Hamburg
Vertreter des LV Rheinland - Pfalz
Vertreter des LV Thüringen
Vertreter des LV Bayern
Vertreter des BezV Schwaben
Vertreter des BezV Unterfranken
Die Mitglieder des Bundesvorstands bitten die Kritiker zu der Wahl des Zeitpunkts Stellung zu nehmen .
Insbesondere Vertreter aus NRW , Hessen und Niedersachsen bitten nachdrücklich um alternative Festlegung .
Der Vorstand diskutiert angeregt mit den Vertretern der Landesverbände .
Folgende Beschlussvorschläge werden getätigt :
a ) Verlegung des BPT auf einen Zeitpunkt nach der Landtagswahl in NRW :
Abstimmungsergebnis : 2x Nein ( Bernd Schlömer , Andreas Popp ) , 2x Ja ( Jan Simons , Aaron Koenig ) , 1x Enthaltung ( Thorsten Wirth )
b) Beibehaltung von Ort und Zeit des BPT :
Abstimmungsergebnis : 2x Nein ( Jan Simons , Aaron Koenig ) 2 x Ja ( Andreas Popp , Bernd Schlömer ) , 1x Enthaltung ( Thorsten Wirth )
c ) Vor-Verlegung des BPT :
Abstimmungsergebnis : 2x Nein ( Andreas Popp , Bernd Schlömer ) , 2x Ja ( Jan Simons , Aaron Koenig ) , 1x Enthaltung ( Thorsten Wirth )
Der Bundesvorstand diskutiert angeregt die Abstimmungsergebnisse .
Verschiedene Alternativen zu Ort und Zeit werden vorgeschlagen .
Der Versammlungsleiter stellt einen Vorschlag aus dem Auditorium zur Beschlussfassung .
d ) Der Bundesvorstand möge beschließen , den nächsten BPT im Zeitraum 13 .
Mai 2010 - 16 .
Mai 2010 in Bingen durchzuführen .
Abstimmungsergebnis : 2x Nein ( Andreas Popp , Thorsten Wirth ) 3 x Ja ( Jan Simons , Aaron König , Bernd Schlömer )
Der Vorschlag wird angenommen .
Jan Simons erklärt sich bereit , die notwendigen Vorbeitungsarbeiten zu übernehmen .
gez .
Bernd Schlömer
Persönliche Stellungnahme von Bernd Schlömer :
Man muss unpopuläre Entscheidungen treffen , Hauptsache ist es , man trifft eine Entscheidung .
Es tut mir leid , dass Andreas Popp drei Wochen in mühevoller Kleinarbeit viel Engagement gezeigt hat , das sich nunmehr als ergebnislos erweist .
Ich hoffe darauf , dass die wertvolle Arbeit von Andi hinreichend Anerkennung findet .
-- Bernd Schlömer 21:34 , 23 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
Persönliche Stellungnahme von Thorsten Wirth :
Meine Absicht und der Grund warum ich diese Sitzung initiiert habe war der , dass wir über die Entscheidung von Andreas reden .
Dies sollte geschehen um die unterschiedlichen Interessen gemeinsam , gegeneinander abzuwägen .
Ich war davon überzeugt das dies für mehr Verständnis gesorgt hätte .
Leider ist das gescheitert .
Diese Abstimmung gegen Ende der Sitzung war nicht meine Absicht und ich hätte mich gefreut wenn wir es schaffen würden uns freundlicher aufeinander einzulassen und zuhören würden .
Mir war es so zum Beispiel nicht vergönnt , zu Beginn der Sitzung zu erklären warum ich diese Sitzung initiiert habe , worauf ich hätte bestehen sollen .
-- zack 23:41 , 23 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
Persönliche Stellungnahme von Jan Simons :
Ich bin ebenso überrascht vom Ergebnis dieser Sitzung , halte das Ergebnis jedoch für den Wahlkampf in NRW für gut .
Es tut mir sehr leid , dass die Entscheidung die Augsburger Piraten vor den Kopf stößt , jedoch waren die ursprünglichen Planungen ohnehin so , dass der Parteitag in RLP oder BaWü stattfinden sollte ( Bayern ist erst sehr spät von Andi in Rennen aufgenommen worden ) .
Meine Hauptmotivation für Bingen zu votieren ist die , daß wir dort auf einen erfahrenen und lokal etablierten Organisator von Großevents mit viel technischer Infrastruktur zurückgreifen können und das Budget hoffentlich so ausfällt , daß wir uns eventuell sogar noch einen 2 . BuPT oder eine Klausurtagung in diesem Jahr leisten können .
Ich möchte dazu anmerken das Bayern bereits vor RLP im Gespräch war und das Bingen die teuerste und kleinste der vorgeschlagenen Locations war .
-- AndiPopp 01:08 , 30 . Dez. 2009 ( CET )
Persönliche Stellungnahme von Aaron Koenig :
Mir tut es auch leid , dass Andi und die Augsburger Piraten drei Wochen Arbeit umsonst geleistet haben .
Die berechtigten Bedenken der NRW - Piraten hätten besser einige Wochen früher angemeldet werden sollen .
Hier ist die Kreativität der NRWler gefragt , wie sie Andis berechtigte Verstimmung wieder auflösen .
Die Verlegung des Parteitags nach die NRW - Wahl halte ich dennoch ( wie auch bei früheren Vorstandssitzungen bekundet ) für absolut richtig , da ein Parteitag mitten im bisher wohl wichtigsten Wahlkampf der Piratenpartei Deutschland unnötig Kräfte abgezogen hätte .
Die Art und Weise , wie diese Entscheidung zustande gekommen ist , halte ich allerdings für ziemlich grotesk .
Daher bin ich dafür , solche Entscheidungen nicht mehr vom Bundesvorstand treffen zu lassen , weil dort wie in diesem Fall eine einzige Stimme den Ausschlag geben kann , sondern ein neues demokratisches Entscheidungsgremium einzuführen , wie in meinem Blogpost angeregt .
Ob dies mit dem Parteiengesetz übereinstimmt , sollten unsere Juristen prüfen .
Aber ich denke , wenn wir das alle wollen , werden wir auch einen gesetzlich korrekten Weg finden .
Zur
Not lässt man erst den virtuellen Parteitag informell abstimmen und danach stimmt der Vorstand offiziell ab .
Das hätte uns in der Situation vom 23.12 .
sehr geholfen .
The Islanders will spend nine days in China next September as part of their training camp , the team ’s owner , Charles Wang , confirmed Monday in an interview .
The team will be in China from Sept. 14 - 23 , with most of that time spent in Beijing , Wang said .
The Islanders will also visit Harbin and Qiqihar in Heilongjiang Province in the northeast , the most popular area for winter sports in China .
The trip will conclude what he called the team ’s “ friendship tour ” in Shanghai .
“ We have gotten approval from the N.H.L. Players ’ Association , the N.H.L. and the Chinese government , and they are welcoming us and are excited about us coming , ” Wang said .
Wang said the Islanders would combine training sessions during the tour with games in four cities .
Some would be intrasquad games , and others would involve the Chinese national team .
He said half the Chinese players would combine with half the Islanders players to create two mixed teams , which would play exhibition matches .
United States Supreme Court CITIZENS UNITED v. FEDERAL ELECTION COMMISSION ( 2010 ) No. 08-205 Argued : March 24 , 2009 Decided : January 21 , 2010
As amended by §203 of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 ( BCRA ) , federal law prohibits corporations and unions from using their general treasury funds to make independent expenditures for speech that is an " electioneering communication " or for speech that expressly advocates the election or defeat of a candidate .
2 U. S. C. § 441b .
An electioneering communication is " any broadcast , cable , or satellite communication " that " refers to a clearly identified candidate for Federal office " and is made within 30 days of a primary election , § 434 ( f ) ( 3 ) ( A ) , and that is " publicly distributed , " 11 CFR § 100.29 ( a ) ( 2 ) , which in " the case of a candidate for nomination for President ... means " that the communication " [ c ] an be received by 50,000 or more persons in a State where a primary election ... is being held within 30 days , " § 100.29 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( ii ) .
Corporations and unions may establish a political action committee ( PAC ) for express advocacy or electioneering communications purposes .
2 U. S. C. § 441 b( b ) ( 2 ) .
In McConnell v. Federal Election Comm'n , 540 U. S. 93 , 203-209 , this Court upheld limits on electioneering communications in a facial challenge , relying on the holding in Austin v. Michigan Chamber of Commerce , 494 U. S. 652 , that political speech may be banned based on the speaker 's corporate identity .
In January 2008 , appellant Citizens United , a nonprofit corporation , released a documentary ( hereinafter Hillary ) critical of then - Senator Hillary Clinton , a candidate for her party 's Presidential nomination .
Anticipating that it would make Hillary available on cable television through video - on - demand within 30 days of primary elections , Citizens United produced television ads to run on broadcast and cable television .
Concerned about possible civil and criminal penalties for violating § 441b , it sought declaratory and injunctive relief , arguing that ( 1 ) § 441b is unconstitutional as applied to Hillary ; and ( 2 ) BCRA 's disclaimer , disclosure , and reporting requirements , BCRA §§201 and 311 , were unconstitutional as applied to Hillary and the ads .
The District Court denied Citizens United a preliminary injunction and granted appellee Federal Election Commission ( FEC ) summary judgment .
Held :
1. Because the question whether § 441b applies to Hillary cannot be resolved on other , narrower grounds without chilling political speech , this Court must consider the continuing effect of the speech suppression upheld in Austin .
Pp. 5 - 20 .
( a) Citizen United 's narrower arguments -- that Hillary is not an " electioneering communication " covered by § 441 b because it is not " publicly distributed " under 11 CFR § 100.29 ( a ) ( 2 ) ; that § 441b may not be applied to Hillary under Federal Election Comm'n v. Wisconsin Right to Life , Inc. , 551 U. S. 449 ( WRTL ) , which found § 441b unconstitutional as applied to speech that was not " express advocacy or its functional equivalent , " id. , at 481 ( opinion of R oberts , C. J. ) , determining that a communication " is the functional equivalent of express advocacy only if [ it ] is susceptible of no reasonable interpretation other than as an appeal to vote for or against a specific candidate , " id. , at 469-470 ; that § 441 b should be invalidated as applied to movies shown through video - on - demand because this delivery system has a lower risk of distorting the political process than do television ads ; and that there should be an exception to § 441 b's ban for nonprofit corporate political speech funded overwhelming by individuals -- are not sustainable under a fair reading of the statute .
Pp. 5 - 12 .
( b) Thus , this case cannot be resolved on a narrower ground without chilling political speech , speech that is central to the First Amendment 's meaning and purpose .
Citizens United did not waive this challenge to Austin when it stipulated to dismissing the facial challenge below , since ( 1 ) even if such a challenge could be waived , this Court may reconsider Austin and § 441 b 's facial validity here because the District Court " passed upon " the issue , Lebron v. National Railroad Passenger Corporation , 513 U. S. 374 , 379 ; ( 2 ) throughout the litigation , Citizens United has asserted a claim that the FEC has violated its right to free speech ; and ( 3 ) the parties cannot enter into a stipulation that prevents the Court from considering remedies necessary to resolve a claim that has been preserved .
Because Citizen United 's narrower arguments are not sustainable , this Court must , in an exercise of its judicial responsibility , consider § 441 b 's facial validity .
Any other course would prolong the substantial , nationwide chilling effect caused by § 441 b 's corporate expenditure ban .
This conclusion is further supported by the following : ( 1 ) the uncertainty caused by the Government 's litigating position ; ( 2 ) substantial time would be required to clarify § 441 b 's application on the points raised by the Government 's position in order to avoid any chilling effect caused by an improper interpretation ; and ( 3 ) because speech itself is of primary importance to the integrity of the election process , any speech arguably within the reach of rules created for regulating political speech is chilled .
The regulatory scheme at issue may not be a prior restraint in the strict sense .
However , given its complexity and the deference courts show to administrative determinations , a speaker wishing to avoid criminal liability threats and the heavy costs of defending against FEC enforcement must ask a governmental agency for prior permission to speak .
The restrictions thus function as the equivalent of a prior restraint , giving the FEC power analogous to the type of government practices that the First Amendment was drawn to prohibit .
The ongoing chill on speech makes it necessary to invoke the earlier precedents that a statute that chills speech can and must be invalidated where its facial invalidity has been demonstrated .
Pp. 12-20 .
2. Austin is overruled , and thus provides no basis for allowing the Government to limit corporate independent expenditures .
Hence , § 441 b 's restrictions on such expenditures are invalid and cannot be applied to Hillary .
Given this conclusion , the part of McConnell that upheld BCRA § 203 's extension of § 441 b 's restrictions on independent corporate expenditures is also overruled .
Pp. 20 -51 .
( a) Although the First Amendment provides that " Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of speech , " §441 b 's prohibition on corporate independent expenditures is an outright ban on speech , backed by criminal sanctions .
It is a ban notwithstanding the fact that a PAC created by a corporation can still speak , for a PAC is a separate association from the corporation .
Because speech is an essential mechanism of democracy -- it is the means to hold officials accountable to the people -- political speech must prevail against laws that would suppress it by design or inadvertence .
Laws burdening such speech are subject to strict scrutiny , which requires the Government to prove that the restriction " furthers a compelling interest and is narrowly tailored to achieve that interest . "
WRTL , 551 U. S. , at 464 .
This language provides a sufficient framework for protecting the interests in this case .
Premised on mistrust of governmental power , the First Amendment stands against attempts to disfavor certain subjects or viewpoints or to distinguish among different speakers , which may be a means to control content .
The Government may also commit a constitutional wrong when by law it identifies certain preferred speakers .
There is no basis for the proposition that , in the political speech context , the Government may impose restrictions on certain disfavored speakers .
Both history and logic lead to this conclusion .
Pp. 20 - 25 .
( b) The Court has recognized that the First Amendment applies to corporations , e.g. , First Nat. Bank of Boston v. Bellotti , 435 U. S. 765 , 778 , n. 14 , and extended this protection to the context of political speech , see , e.g. , NAACP v. Button , 371 U. S. 415 , 428-429 .
Addressing challenges to the Federal Election Campaign
Act of 1971 , the Buckley Court upheld limits on direct contributions to candidates , 18 U. S. C. § 608 ( b ) , recognizing a governmental interest in preventing quid pro quo corruption .
424 U. S. , at 25 - 26 .
However , the Court invalidated § 608 ( e ) 's expenditure ban , which applied to individuals , corporations , and unions , because it " fail[ed ] to serve any substantial governmental interest in stemming the reality or appearance of corruption in the electoral process , " id. , at 47 - 48 .
While Buckley did not consider a separate ban on corporate and union independent expenditures found in §610 , had that provision been challenged in Buckley 's wake , it could not have been squared with the precedent 's reasoning and analysis .
The Buckley Court did not invoke the overbreadth doctrine to suggest that § 608 ( e ) 's expenditure ban would have been constitutional had it applied to corporations and unions but not individuals .
Notwithstanding this precedent , Congress soon recodified § 610 's corporate and union expenditure ban at 2 U. S. C. § 441b , the provision at issue .
Less than two years after Buckley , Bellotti reaffirmed the First Amendment principle that the Government lacks the power to restrict political speech based on the speaker 's corporate identity .
435 U.S. , at 784-785 .
Thus the law stood until Austin upheld a corporate independent expenditure restriction , bypassing Buckley and Bellotti by recognizing a new governmental interest in preventing " the corrosive and distorting effects of immense aggregations of [ corporate ] wealth ... that have little or no correlation to the public 's support for the corporation 's political ideas . "
494 U. S. , at 660 .
Pp. 25 -32 .
( c) This Court is confronted with conflicting lines of precedent : a pre-Austin line forbidding speech restrictions based on the speaker 's corporate identity and a post - Austin line permitting them .
Neither Austin 's antidistortion rationale nor the Government 's other justifications support § 441 b 's restrictions .
Pp. 32 -47 .
(1) The First Amendment prohibits Congress from fining or jailing citizens , or associations of citizens , for engaging in political speech , but Austin 's antidistortion rationale would permit the Government to ban political speech because the speaker is an association with a corporate form .
Political speech is " indispensable to decisionmaking in a democracy , and this is no less true because the speech comes from a corporation . "
Bellotti , supra , at 777 ( footnote omitted ) .
This protection is inconsistent with Austin 's rationale , which is meant to prevent corporations from obtaining " 'an unfair advantage in the political marketplace ' " by using " ' resources amassed in the economic marketplace . ' " 494 U. S. , at 659 .
First Amendment protections do not depend on the speaker 's " financial ability to engage in public discussion . "
Buckley , supra , at 49 .
These conclusions were reaffirmed when the Court invalidated a BCRA provision that increased the cap on contributions to one candidate if the opponent made certain expenditures from personal funds .
Davis v. Federal Election Comm'n , 554 U. S. ___ , ___. Distinguishing wealthy individuals from corporations based on the latter 's special advantages of , e.g. , limited liability , does not suffice to allow laws prohibiting speech .
It is irrelevant for First Amendment purposes that corporate funds may " have little or no correlation to the public 's support for the corporation 's political ideas . "
Austin , supra , at 660 .
All speakers , including individuals and the media , use money amassed from the economic marketplace to fund their speech , and the First Amendment protects the resulting speech .
Under the antidistortion rationale , Congress could also ban political speech of media corporations .
Although currently exempt from § 441b , they accumulate wealth with the help of their corporate form , may have aggregations of wealth , and may express views " hav[ing ] little or no correlation to the public 's support " for those views .
Differential treatment of media corporations and other corporations cannot be squared with the First Amendment , and there is no support for the view that the Amendment 's original meaning would permit suppressing media corporations ' political speech .
Austin interferes with the " open marketplace " of ideas protected by the First Amendment .
New York State Bd. of Elections v. Lopez Torres , 552 U. S. 196 , 208 .
Its censorship is vast in its reach , suppressing the speech of both for - profit and nonprofit , both small and large , corporations .
Pp. 32 -40 .
(2) This reasoning also shows the invalidity of the Government 's other arguments .
It reasons that corporate political speech can be banned to prevent corruption or its appearance .
The Buckley Court found this rationale " sufficiently important " to allow contribution limits but refused to extend that reasoning to expenditure limits , 424 U.S. , at 25 , and the Court does not do so here .
While a single Bellotti footnote purported to leave the question open , 435 U. S. , at 788 , n. 26 , this Court now concludes that independent expenditures , including those made by corporations , do not give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption .
That speakers may have influence over or access to elected officials does not mean that those officials are corrupt .
And the appearance of influence or access will not cause the electorate to lose faith in this democracy .
Caperton v. A. T. Massey Coal Co. , 556 U. S. ___ , distinguished .
Pp. 40 - 45 .
(3) The Government 's asserted interest in protecting shareholders from being compelled to fund corporate speech , like the antidistortion rationale , would allow the Government to ban political speech even of media corporations .
The statute is underinclusive ; it only protects a dissenting shareholder 's interests in certain media for 30 or 60 days before an election when such interests would be implicated in any media at any time .
It is also overinclusive because it covers all corporations , including those with one shareholder .
P. 46 .
(4) Because § 441b is not limited to corporations or associations created in foreign countries or funded predominately by foreign shareholders , it would be overbroad even if the Court were to recognize a compelling governmental interest in limiting foreign influence over the Nation 's political process .
Pp. 46 - 47 .
(d) The relevant factors in deciding whether to adhere to stare decisis , beyond workability -- the precedent 's antiquity , the reliance interests at stake , and whether the decision was well reasoned -- counsel in favor of abandoning Austin , which itself contravened the precedents of Buckley and Bellotti .
As already explained , Austin was not well reasoned .
It is also undermined by experience since its announcement .
Political speech is so ingrained in this country 's culture that speakers find ways around campaign finance laws .
Rapid changes in technology -- and the creative dynamic inherent in the concept of free expression -- counsel against upholding a law that restricts political speech in certain media or by certain speakers .
In addition , no serious reliance issues are at stake .
Thus , due consideration leads to the conclusion that Austin should be overruled .
The Court returns to the principle established in Buckley and Bellotti that the Government may not suppress political speech based on the speaker 's corporate identity .
No sufficient governmental interest justifies limits on the political speech of nonprofit or for - profit corporations .
Pp. 47-50 .
3. BCRA §§201 and 311 are valid as applied to the ads for Hillary and to the movie itself .
Pp. 50 - 57 .
( a) Disclaimer and disclosure requirements may burden the ability to speak , but they " impose no ceiling on campaign - related activities , " Buckley , 424 U. S. , at 64 , or " ' " prevent anyone from speaking , " ' " McConnell , supra , at 201 .
The Buckley Court explained that disclosure can be justified by a governmental interest in providing " the electorate with information " about election - related spending sources .
The McConnell Court applied this interest in rejecting facial challenges to §§201 and 311 .
540 U. S. , at 196 .
However , the Court acknowledged that as - applied challenges would be available if a group could show a " ' reasonable probability ' " that disclosing its contributors ' names would " ' subject them to threats , harassment , or reprisals from either Government officials or private parties . ' " Id. , at 198 .
Pp. 50 - 52 .
( b) The disclaimer and disclosure requirements are valid as applied to Citizens United 's ads .
They fall within BCRA 's " electioneering communication " definition :
They referred to then - Senator Clinton by name shortly before a primary and contained pejorative references to her candidacy .
Section 311 disclaimers provide information to the electorate , McConnell , supra , at 196 , and " insure that the voters are fully informed " about who is speaking , Buckley , supra , at 76 .
At the very least , they avoid confusion by making clear that the ads are not funded by a candidate or political party .
Citizens United 's arguments that §311 is underinclusive because it requires disclaimers for broadcast advertisements but not for print or Internet advertising and that §311 decreases the quantity and effectiveness of the group 's speech were rejected in McConnell .
This Court also rejects their contention that § 201 's disclosure requirements must be confined to speech that is the functional equivalent of express advocacy under WRTL 's test for restrictions on independent expenditures , 551 U. S. , at 469-476 ( opinion of R oberts , C.J. ) .
Disclosure is the less - restrictive alternative to more comprehensive speech regulations .
Such requirements have been upheld in Buckley and McConnell .
Citizens United 's argument that no informational interest justifies applying § 201 to its ads is similar to the argument this Court rejected with regard to disclaimers .
Citizens United finally claims that disclosure requirements can chill donations by exposing donors to retaliation , but offers no evidence that its members face the type of threats , harassment , or reprisals that might make § 201 unconstitutional as applied .
Pp. 52 -55 .
( c) For these same reasons , this Court affirms the application of the §§201 and 311 disclaimer and disclosure requirements to Hillary .
Pp. 55 - 56 .
Reversed in part , affirmed in part , and remanded .
Kennedy , J. , delivered the opinion of the Court , in which Roberts , C. J. , and Scalia and Alito , JJ. , joined , in which Thomas , J. , joined as to all but Part IV , and in which Stevens , Ginsburg , Breyer , and Sotomayor , JJ. , joined as to Part IV .
Roberts , C. J. , filed a concurring opinion , in which Alito , J. , joined .
Scalia , J. , filed a concurring opinion , in which Alito , J. , joined , and in which Thomas , J. , joined in part .
Stevens , J. , filed an opinion concurring in part and dissenting in part , in which Ginsburg , Breyer , and Sotomayor , JJ. , joined .
Thomas , J. , filed an opinion concurring in part and dissenting in part .
CITIZENS UNITED , APPELLANT v. FEDERAL
ELECTION COMMISSION
on appeal from the united states district court for the district of columbia
[ January 21 , 2010 ]
Justice Kennedy delivered the opinion of the Court .
Federal law prohibits corporations and unions from using their general treasury funds to make independent expenditures for speech defined as an " electioneering communication " or for speech expressly advocating the election or defeat of a candidate .
2 U. S. C. § 441b .
Limits on electioneering communications were upheld in McConnell v. Federal Election Comm'n , 540 U. S. 93 , 203-209 ( 2003 ) .
The holding of McConnell rested to a large extent on an earlier case , Austin v. Michigan Chamber of Commerce , 494 U. S. 652 ( 1990 ) .
Austin had held that political speech may be banned based on the speaker 's corporate identity .
In this case we are asked to reconsider Austin and , in effect , McConnell .
It has been noted that " Austin was a significant departure from ancient First Amendment principles , " Federal Election Comm'n v. Wisconsin Right to Life , Inc. , 551 U. S. 449 , 490 ( 2007 ) ( WRTL ) ( Scalia , J. , concurring in part and concurring in judgment ) .
We agree with that conclusion and hold that stare decisis does not compel the continued acceptance of Austin .
The Government may regulate corporate political speech through disclaimer and disclosure requirements , but it may not suppress that speech altogether .
We turn to the case now before us .
I
A
Citizens United is a nonprofit corporation .
It brought this action in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia .
A three - judge court later convened to hear the cause .
The resulting judgment gives rise to this appeal .
Citizens United has an annual budget of about $ 12 million .
Most of its funds are from donations by individuals ; but , in addition , it accepts a small portion of its funds from for - profit corporations .
In January 2008 , Citizens United released a film entitled Hillary : The Movie .
We refer to the film as Hillary .
It is a 90 - minute documentary about then - Senator Hillary Clinton , who was a candidate in the Democratic Party 's 2008 Presidential primary elections .
Hillary mentions Senator Clinton by name and depicts interviews with political commentators and other persons , most of them quite critical of Senator Clinton .
Hillary was released in theaters and on DVD , but Citizens United wanted to increase distribution by making it available through video - on - demand .
Video - on - demand allows digital cable subscribers to select programming from various menus , including movies , television shows , sports , news , and music .
The viewer can watch the program at any time and can elect to rewind or pause the program .
In December 2007 , a cable company offered , for a payment of $ 1.2 million , to make Hillary available on a video - on - demand channel called " Elections ' 08 . "
App. 255a-257a .
Some video - on - demand services require viewers to pay a small fee to view a selected program , but here the proposal was to make Hillary available to viewers free of charge .
To implement the proposal , Citizens United was prepared to pay for the video - on - demand ; and to promote the film , it produced two 10 - second ads and one 30 - second ad for Hillary .
Each ad includes a short ( and , in our view , pejorative ) statement about Senator Clinton , followed by the name of the movie and the movie 's Website address .
Id. , at 26a - 27 a .
Citizens United desired to promote the video - on - demand offering by running advertisements on broadcast and cable television .
B
Before the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 ( BCRA ) , federal law prohibited -- and still does prohibit -- corporations and unions from using general treasury funds to make direct contributions to candidates or independent expenditures that expressly advocate the election or defeat of a candidate , through any form of media , in connection with certain qualified federal elections .
2 U. S. C. § 441 b ( 2000 ed. ) ; see McConnell , supra , at 204 , and n. 87 ; Federal Election Comm'n v. Massachusetts Citizens for Life , Inc. , 479 U. S. 238 , 249 ( 1986 ) ( MCFL ) .
BCRA §203 amended § 441b to prohibit any " electioneering communication " as well .
2 U. S. C. § 441 b( b) ( 2 ) ( 2006 ed. ) .
An electioneering communication is defined as " any broadcast , cable , or satellite communication " that " refers to a clearly identified candidate for Federal office " and is made within 30 days of a primary or 60 days of a general election . § 434 ( f ) ( 3 ) ( A ) .
The Federal Election Commission 's ( FEC ) regulations further define an electioneering communication as a communication that is " publicly distributed . "
11 CFR § 100.29 ( a) ( 2 ) ( 2009 ) .
" In the case of a candidate for nomination for President ... publicly distributed means " that the communication " [ c ] an be received by 50,000 or more persons in a State where a primary election . . . is being held within 30 days . " § 100.29 ( b) ( 3 ) ( ii ) .
Corporations and unions are barred from using their general treasury funds for express advocacy or electioneering communications .
They may establish , however , a " separate segregated fund " ( known as a political action committee , or PAC ) for these purposes .
2 U. S. C. § 441 b( b ) ( 2 ) .
The moneys received by the segregated fund are limited to donations from stockholders and employees of the corporation or , in the case of unions , members of the union .
Ibid .
C
Citizens United wanted to make Hillary available through video - on - demand within 30 days of the 2008 primary elections .
It feared , however , that both the film and the ads would be covered by § 441 b's ban on corporate - funded independent expenditures , thus subjecting the corporation to civil and criminal penalties under § 437g .
In December 2007 , Citizens United sought declaratory and injunctive relief against the FEC .
It argued that ( 1 ) § 441b is unconstitutional as applied to Hillary ; and ( 2 ) BCRA 's disclaimer and disclosure requirements , BCRA §§201 and 311 , are unconstitutional as applied to Hillary and to the three ads for the movie .
The District Court denied Citizens United 's motion for a preliminary injunction , 530 F. Supp. 2d 274 ( DC 2008 ) ( per curiam ) , and then granted the FEC 's motion for summary judgment , App. 261a-262a .
See id. , at 261a ( " Based on the reasoning of our prior opinion , we find that the [ FEC ] is entitled to judgment as a matter of law .
See Citizen[s ]
United v. FEC , 530 F. Supp. 2d 274 ( D.D.C. 2008 ) ( denying Citizens United 's request for a preliminary injunction ) " ) .
The court held that §441b was facially constitutional under McConnell , and that §441b was constitutional as applied to Hillary because it was " susceptible of no other interpretation than to inform the electorate that Senator Clinton is unfit for office , that the United States would be a dangerous place in a President Hillary Clinton world , and that viewers should vote against her . "
530 F. Supp. 2d , at 279 .
The court also rejected Citizens United 's challenge to BCRA 's disclaimer and disclosure requirements .
It noted that " the Supreme Court has written approvingly of disclosure provisions triggered by political speech even though the speech itself was constitutionally protected under the First Amendment . "
Id. , at 281 .
We noted probable jurisdiction .
555 U. S. ___ ( 2008 ) .
The case was reargued in this Court after the Court asked the parties to file supplemental briefs addressing whether we should overrule either or both Austin and the part of McConnell which addresses the facial validity of 2 U. S. C. § 441b .
See 557 U. S. ___ ( 2009 ) .
II
Before considering whether Austin should be overruled , we first address whether Citizens United 's claim that § 441b cannot be applied to Hillary may be resolved on other , narrower grounds .
A
Citizens United contends that § 441b does not cover Hillary , as a matter of statutory interpretation , because the film does not qualify as an " electioneering communication . " § 441 b ( b ) ( 2 ) .
Citizens United raises this issue for the first time before us , but we consider the issue because " it was addressed by the court below . "
Lebron v. National Railroad Passenger Corporation , 513 U. S. 374 , 379 ( 1995 ) ; see 530 F. Supp. 2d , at 277 , n. 6 .
Under the definition of electioneering communication , the video - on - demand showing of Hillary on cable television would have been a " cable . . . communication " that " refer[red ] to a clearly identified candidate for Federal office " and that was made within 30 days of a primary election .
2 U. S. C. § 434 ( f ) ( 3 ) ( A ) ( i ) .
Citizens United , however , argues that Hillary was not " publicly distributed , " because a single video - on - demand transmission is sent only to a requesting cable converter box and each separate transmission , in most instances , will be seen by just one household - - not 50,000 or more persons .
11 CFR § 100.29 ( a ) ( 2 ) ; see § 100.29 ( b) ( 3 ) ( ii ) .
This argument ignores the regulation 's instruction on how to determine whether a cable transmission " [ c ] an be received by 50,000 or more persons . " § 100.29 ( b) ( 3 ) ( ii ) .
The regulation provides that the number of people who can receive a cable transmission is determined by the number of cable subscribers in the relevant area . § § 100.29 ( b) ( 7 ) ( i ) ( G ) , ( ii ) .
Here , Citizens United wanted to use a cable video - on - demand system that had 34.5 million subscribers nationwide .
App. 256a .
Thus , Hillary could have been received by 50,000 persons or more .
One amici brief asks us , alternatively , to construe the condition that the communication " [ c ] an be received by 50,000 or more persons , " § 100.29 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( ii ) ( A ) , to require " a plausible likelihood that the communication will be viewed by 50,000 or more potential voters " -- as opposed to requiring only that the communication is " technologically capable " of being seen by that many people , Brief for Former Officials of the American Civil Liberties Union as Amici Curiae 5 .
Whether the population and demographic statistics in a proposed viewing area consisted of 50,000 registered voters -- but not " infants , pre-teens , or otherwise electorally ineligible recipients " -- would be a required determination , subject to judicial challenge and review , in any case where the issue was in doubt .
Id. , at 6 .
In our view the statute cannot be saved by limiting the reach of 2 U. S. C. § 441 b through this suggested interpretation .
In addition to the costs and burdens of litigation , this result would require a calculation as to the number of people a particular communication is likely to reach , with an inaccurate estimate potentially subjecting the speaker to criminal sanctions .
The First Amendment does not permit laws that force speakers to retain a campaign finance attorney , conduct demographic marketing research , or seek declaratory rulings before discussing the most salient political issues of our day .
Prolix laws chill speech for the same reason that vague laws chill speech : People " of common intelligence must necessarily guess at [ the law 's ] meaning and differ as to its application . "
Connally v. General Constr. Co. , 269 U. S. 385 , 391 ( 1926 ) .
The Government may not render a ban on political speech constitutional by carving out a limited exemption through an amorphous regulatory interpretation .
We must reject the approach suggested by the amici .
Section 441b covers Hillary .
B
Citizens United next argues that § 441b may not be applied to Hillary under the approach taken in WRTL .
McConnell decided that § 441 b( b ) ( 2 ) 's definition of an " electioneering communication " was facially constitutional insofar as it restricted speech that was " the functional equivalent of express advocacy " for or against a specific candidate .
540 U. S. , at 206 .
WRTL then found an unconstitutional application of § 441 b where the speech was not " express advocacy or its functional equivalent . "
551 U. S. , at 481 ( opinion of Roberts , C. J. ) .
As explained by The Chief Justice 's controlling opinion in WRTL , the functional - equivalent test is objective : " a court should find that [ a communication ] is the functional equivalent of express advocacy only if [ it ] is susceptible of no reasonable interpretation other than as an appeal to vote for or against a specific candidate . "
Id. , at 469-470 .
Under this test , Hillary is equivalent to express advocacy .
The movie , in essence , is a feature - length negative advertisement that urges viewers to vote against Senator Clinton for President .
In light of historical footage , interviews with persons critical of her , and voiceover narration , the film would be understood by most viewers as an extended criticism of Senator Clinton 's character and her fitness for the office of the Presidency .
The narrative may contain more suggestions and arguments than facts , but there is little doubt that the thesis of the film is that she is unfit for the Presidency .
The movie concentrates on alleged wrongdoing during the Clinton administration , Senator Clinton 's qualifications and fitness for office , and policies the commentators predict she would pursue if elected President .
It calls Senator Clinton " Machiavellian , " App. 64a , and asks whether she is " the most qualified to hit the ground running if elected President , " id. , at 88a .
The narrator reminds viewers that " Americans have never been keen on dynasties " and that " a vote for Hillary is a vote to continue 20 years of a Bush or a Clinton in the White House , " id. , at 143a - 144a .
Citizens United argues that Hillary is just " a documentary film that examines certain historical events . "
Brief for Appellant 35 .
We disagree .
The movie 's consistent emphasis is on the relevance of these events to Senator Clinton 's candidacy for President .
The narrator begins by asking " could [ Senator Clinton ] become the first female President in the history of the United States ? "
App. 35a .
And the narrator reiterates the movie 's message in his closing line : " Finally , before America decides on our next president , voters should need no reminders of ... what 's at stake -- the well being and prosperity of our nation . "
Id. , at 144a - 145a .
As the District Court found , there is no reasonable interpretation of Hillary other than as an appeal to vote against Senator Clinton .
Under the standard stated in McConnell and further elaborated in WRTL , the film qualifies as the functional equivalent of express advocacy .
C
Citizens United further contends that § 441 b should be invalidated as applied to movies shown through video - on - demand , arguing that this delivery system has a lower risk of distorting the political process than do television ads .
Cf. McConnell , supra , at 207 .
On what we might call conventional television , advertising spots reach viewers who have chosen a channel or a program for reasons unrelated to the advertising .
With video - on - demand , by contrast , the viewer selects a program after taking " a series of affirmative steps " : subscribing to cable ; navigating through various menus ; and selecting the program .
See Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union , 521 U. S. 844 , 867 ( 1997 ) .
While some means of communication may be less effective than others at influencing the public in different contexts , any effort by the Judiciary to decide which means of communications are to be preferred for the particular type of message and speaker would raise questions as to the courts ' own lawful authority .
Substantial questions would arise if courts were to begin saying what means of speech should be preferred or disfavored .
And in all events , those differentiations might soon prove to be irrelevant or outdated by technologies that are in rapid flux .
See Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. v. FCC , 512 U. S. 622 , 639 ( 1994 ) .
Courts , too , are bound by the First Amendment .
We must decline to draw , and then redraw , constitutional lines based on the particular media or technology used to disseminate political speech from a particular speaker .
It must be noted , moreover , that this undertaking would require substantial litigation over an extended time , all to interpret a law that beyond doubt discloses serious First Amendment flaws .
The interpretive process itself would create an inevitable , pervasive , and serious risk of chilling protected speech pending the drawing of fine distinctions that , in the end , would themselves be questionable .
First Amendment standards , however , " must give the benefit of any doubt to protecting rather than stifling speech . "
WRTL , 551 U. S. , at 469 ( opinion of Roberts , C. J. ) ( citing New York Times Co. v. Sullivan , 376 U. S. 254 , 269-270 ( 1964 ) ) .
D
Citizens United also asks us to carve out an exception to § 441 b 's expenditure ban for nonprofit corporate political speech funded overwhelmingly by individuals .
As an alternative to reconsidering Austin , the Government also seems to prefer this approach .
This line of analysis , however , would be unavailing .
In MCFL , the Court found unconstitutional § 441 b 's restrictions on corporate expenditures as applied to nonprofit corporations that were formed for the sole purpose of promoting political ideas , did not engage in business activities , and did not accept contributions from for - profit corporations or labor unions .
479 U. S. , at 263-264 ; see also 11 CFR § 114.10 .
BCRA 's so - called Wellstone Amendment applied § 441 b 's expenditure ban to all nonprofit corporations .
See 2 U. S. C. § 441 b( c ) ( 6 ) ; McConnell , 540 U. S. , at 209 .
McConnell then interpreted the Wellstone Amendment to retain the MCFL exemption to § 441 b 's expenditure prohibition .
540 U. S. , at 211 .
Citizens United does not qualify for the MCFL exemption , however , since some funds used to make the movie were donations from for - profit corporations .
The Government suggests we could find BCRA 's Wellstone Amendment unconstitutional , sever it from the statute , and hold that Citizens United 's speech is exempt from § 441 b 's ban under BCRA 's Snowe - Jeffords Amendment , § 441 b ( c ) ( 2 ) .
See Tr. of Oral Arg. 37-38 ( Sept. 9 , 2009 ) .
The Snowe - Jeffords Amendment operates as a backup provision that only takes effect if the Wellstone Amendment is invalidated .
See McConnell , supra , at 339 ( Kennedy , J. , concurring in judgment in part and dissenting in part ) .
The Snowe - Jeffords Amendment would exempt from § 441 b 's expenditure ban the political speech of certain nonprofit corporations if the speech were funded " exclusively " by individual donors and the funds were maintained in a segregated account . § 441 b ( c ) ( 2 ) .
Citizens United would not qualify for the Snowe - Jeffords exemption , under its terms as written , because Hillary was funded in part with donations from for - profit corporations .
Consequently , to hold for Citizens United on this argument , the Court would be required to revise the text of MCFL , sever BCRA 's Wellstone Amendment , § 441 b ( c ) ( 6 ) , and ignore the plain text of BCRA 's Snowe - Jeffords Amendment , § 441 b ( c ) ( 2 ) .
If the Court decided to create a de minimis exception to MCFL or the Snowe - Jeffords Amendment , the result would be to allow for - profit corporate general treasury funds to be spent for independent expenditures that support candidates .
There is no principled basis for doing this without rewriting Austin 's holding that the Government can restrict corporate independent expenditures for political speech .
Though it is true that the Court should construe statutes as necessary to avoid constitutional questions , the series of steps suggested would be difficult to take in view of the language of the statute .
In addition to those difficulties the Government 's suggestion is troubling for still another reason .
The Government does not say that it agrees with the interpretation it wants us to consider .
See Supp. Brief for Appellee 3 , n. 1 ( " Some courts " have implied a de minimis exception , and " appellant would appear to be covered by these decisions " ) .
Presumably it would find textual difficulties in this approach too .
The Government , like any party , can make arguments in the alternative ; but it ought to say if there is merit to an alternative proposal instead of merely suggesting it .
This is especially true in the context of the First Amendment .
As the Government stated , this case " would require a remand " to apply a de minimis standard .
Tr. of Oral Arg. 39 ( Sept. 9 , 2009 ) .
Applying this standard would thus require case - by - case determinations .
But archetypical political speech would be chilled in the meantime .
" ' First Amendment freedoms need breathing space to survive . ' " WRTL , supra , at 468-469 ( opinion of Roberts , C. J. ) ( quoting NAACP v. Button , 371 U. S. 415 , 433 ( 1963 ) ) .
We decline to adopt an interpretation that requires intricate case - by - case determinations to verify whether political speech is banned , especially if we are convinced that , in the end , this corporation has a constitutional right to speak on this subject .
E
As the foregoing analysis confirms , the Court cannot resolve this case on a narrower ground without chilling political speech , speech that is central to the meaning and purpose of the First Amendment .
See Morse v. Frederick , 551 U. S. 393 , 403 ( 2007 ) .
It is not judicial restraint to accept an unsound , narrow argument just so the Court can avoid another argument with broader implications .
Indeed , a court would be remiss in performing its duties were it to accept an unsound principle merely to avoid the necessity of making a broader ruling .
Here , the lack of a valid basis for an alternative ruling requires full consideration of the continuing effect of the speech suppression upheld in Austin .
Citizens United stipulated to dismissing count 5 of its complaint , which raised a facial challenge to § 441b , even though count 3 raised an as - applied challenge .
See App. 23a ( count 3 : " As applied to Hillary , [ §441b ] is unconstitutional under the First Amendment guarantees of free expression and association " ) .
The Government argues that Citizens United waived its challenge to Austin by dismissing count 5 . We disagree .
First , even if a party could somehow waive a facial challenge while preserving an as - applied challenge , that would not prevent the Court from reconsidering Austin or addressing the facial validity of § 441b in this case .
" Our practice ' permit[s ] review of an issue not pressed [ below ] so long as it has been passed upon . . . .' " Lebron , 513 U. S. , at 379 ( quoting United States v. Williams , 504 U. S. 36 , 41 ( 1992 ) ; first alteration in original ) .
And here , the District Court addressed Citizens United 's facial challenge .
See 530 F. Supp. 2d , at 278 ( " Citizens wants us to enjoin the operation of BCRA § 203 as a facially unconstitutional burden on the First Amendment right to freedom of speech " ) .
In rejecting the claim , it noted that it " would have to overrule McConnell " for Citizens United to prevail on its facial challenge and that " [ o ] nly the Supreme Court may overrule its decisions . "
Ibid . ( citing Rodriguez de Quijas v. Shearson / American Express , Inc. , 490 U. S. 477 , 484 ( 1989 ) ) .
The District Court did not provide much analysis regarding the facial challenge because it could not ignore the controlling Supreme Court decisions in Austin or McConnell .
Even so , the District Court did " ' pas [s ] upon ' " the issue .
Lebron , supra , at 379 .
Furthermore , the District Court 's later opinion , which granted the FEC summary judgment , was " [ b] ased on the reasoning of [ its ] prior opinion , " which included the discussion of the facial challenge .
App. 261a ( citing 530 F. Supp. 2d 274 ) .
After the District Court addressed the facial validity of the statute , Citizens United raised its challenge to Austin in this Court .
See Brief for Appellant 30 ( " Austin was wrongly decided and should be overruled " ) ; id. , at 30 - 32 .
In these circumstances , it is necessary to consider Citizens United 's challenge to Austin and the facial validity of § 441 b 's expenditure ban .
Second , throughout the litigation , Citizens United has asserted a claim that the FEC has violated its First Amendment right to free speech .
All concede that this claim is properly before us .
And " ' [ o ] nce a federal claim is properly presented , a party can make any argument in support of that claim ; parties are not limited to the precise arguments they made below . '
" Lebron , supra , at 379 ( quoting Yee v. Escondido , 503 U. S. 519 , 534 ( 1992 ) ; alteration in original ) .
Citizens United 's argument that Austin should be overruled is " not a new claim . "
Lebron , 513 U. S. , at 379 .
Rather , it is -- at most - -" a new argument to support what has been [ a ] consistent claim : that [ the FEC ] did not accord [ Citizens United ] the rights it was obliged to provide by the First Amendment . "
Ibid .
Third , the distinction between facial and as - applied challenges is not so well defined that it has some automatic effect or that it must always control the pleadings and disposition in every case involving a constitutional challenge .
The distinction is both instructive and necessary , for it goes to the breadth of the remedy employed by the Court , not what must be pleaded in a complaint .
See United States v. Treasury Employees , 513 U. S. 454 , 477-478 ( 1995 ) ( contrasting " a facial challenge " with " a narrower remedy " ) .
The parties cannot enter into a stipulation that prevents the Court from considering certain remedies if those remedies are necessary to resolve a claim that has been preserved .
Citizens United has preserved its First Amendment challenge to § 441b as applied to the facts of its case ; and given all the circumstances , we cannot easily address that issue without assuming a premise -- the permissibility of restricting corporate political speech -- that is itself in doubt .
See Fallon , As - Applied and Facial Challenges and Third - Party Standing , 113 Harv. L. Rev. 1321 , 1339 ( 2000 ) ( " [ O ] nce a case is brought , no general categorical line bars a court from making broader pronouncements of invalidity in properly ' as - applied ' cases " ) ; id. , at 1327 - 1328 .
As our request for supplemental briefing implied , Citizens United 's claim implicates the validity of Austin , which in turn implicates the facial validity of § 441b .
When the statute now at issue came before the Court in McConnell , both the majority and the dissenting opinions considered the question of its facial validity .
The holding and validity of Austin were essential to the reasoning of the McConnell majority opinion , which upheld BCRA 's extension of § 441b .
See 540 U. S. , at 205 ( quoting Austin , 494 U. S. , at 660 ) .
McConnell permitted federal felony punishment for speech by all corporations , including nonprofit ones , that speak on prohibited subjects shortly before federal elections .
See 540 U. S. , at 203-209 .
Four Members of the McConnell Court would have overruled Austin , including Chief Justice Rehnquist , who had joined the Court 's opinion in Austin but reconsidered that conclusion .
See 540 U. S. , at 256- 262 ( Scalia , J. , concurring in part , concurring in judgment in part , and dissenting in part ) ; id. , at 273-275 ( Thomas , J. , concurring in part , concurring in result in part , concurring in judgment in part , and dissenting in part ) ; id. , at 322-338 ( opinion of Kennedy , J. , joined by Rehnquist , C. J. , and Scalia , J. ) .
That inquiry into the facial validity of the statute was facilitated by the extensive record , which was " over 100,000 pages " long , made in the three - judge District Court .
McConnell v. Federal Election Comm'n , 251 F. Supp. 2d 176 , 209 ( DC 2003 ) ( per curiam ) ( McConnell I ) .
It is not the case , then , that the Court today is premature in interpreting § 441 b " ' on the basis of [ a ] factually barebones recor[ d ] . ' " Washington State Grange v. Washington State Republican Party , 552 U. S. 442 , 450 ( 2008 ) ( quoting Sabri v. United States , 541 U. S. 600 , 609 ( 2004 ) ) .
The McConnell majority considered whether the statute was facially invalid .
An as - applied challenge was brought in Wisconsin Right to Life , Inc. v. Federal Election Comm'n , 546 U. S. 410 , 411-412 ( 2006 ) ( per curiam ) , and the Court confirmed that the challenge could be maintained .
Then , in WRTL , the controlling opinion of the Court not only entertained an as - applied challenge but also sustained it .
Three Justices noted that they would continue to maintain the position that the record in McConnell demonstrated the invalidity of the Act on its face .
551 U. S. , at 485-504 ( opinion of Scalia , J. ) .
The controlling opinion in WRTL , which refrained from holding the statute invalid except as applied to the facts then before the Court , was a careful attempt to accept the essential elements of the Court 's opinion in McConnell , while vindicating the First Amendment arguments made by the WRTL parties .
551 U. S. , at 482 ( opinion of Roberts , C. J. ) .
As noted above , Citizens United 's narrower arguments are not sustainable under a fair reading of the statute .
In the exercise of its judicial responsibility , it is necessary then for the Court to consider the facial validity of § 441b .
Any other course of decision would prolong the substantial , nation - wide chilling effect caused by § 441 b 's prohibitions on corporate expenditures .
Consideration of the facial validity of § 441b is further supported by the following reasons .
First is the uncertainty caused by the litigating position of the Government .
As discussed above , see Part II - D , supra , the Government suggests , as an alternative argument , that an as - applied challenge might have merit .
This argument proceeds on the premise that the nonprofit corporation involved here may have received only de minimis donations from for - profit corporations and that some nonprofit corporations may be exempted from the operation of the statute .
The Government also suggests that an as - applied challenge to § 441 b 's ban on books may be successful , although it would defend § 441 b 's ban as applied to almost every other form of media including pamphlets .
See Tr. of Oral Arg. 65 -66 ( Sept. 9 , 2009 ) .
The Government thus , by its own position , contributes to the uncertainty that § 441b causes .
When the Government holds out the possibility of ruling for Citizens United on a narrow ground yet refrains from adopting that position , the added uncertainty demonstrates the necessity to address the question of statutory validity .
Second , substantial time would be required to bring clarity to the application of the statutory provision on these points in order to avoid any chilling effect caused by some improper interpretation .
See Part II -C , supra .
It is well known that the public begins to concentrate on elections only in the weeks immediately before they are held .
There are short timeframes in which speech can have influence .
The need or relevance of the speech will often first be apparent at this stage in the campaign .
The decision to speak is made in the heat of political campaigns , when speakers react to messages conveyed by others .
A speaker 's ability to engage in political speech that could have a chance of persuading voters is stifled if the speaker must first commence a protracted lawsuit .
By the time the lawsuit concludes , the election will be over and the litigants in most cases will have neither the incentive nor , perhaps , the resources to carry on , even if they could establish that the case is not moot because the issue is " capable of repetition , yet evading review . "
WRTL , supra , at 462 ( opinion of Roberts , C. J. ) ( citing Los Angeles v. Lyons , 461 U. S. 95 , 109 ( 1983 ) ; Southern Pacific Terminal Co. v. ICC , 219 U. S. 498 , 515 ( 1911 ) ) .
Here , Citizens United decided to litigate its case to the end .
Today , Citizens United finally learns , two years after the fact , whether it could have spoken during the 2008 Presidential primary -- long after the opportunity to persuade primary voters has passed .
Third is the primary importance of speech itself to the integrity of the election process .
As additional rules are created for regulating political speech , any speech arguably within their reach is chilled .
See Part II - A , supra .
Campaign finance regulations now impose " unique and complex rules " on " 71 distinct entities . "
Brief for Seven Former Chairmen of FEC et al. as Amici Curiae 11 - 12 .
These entities are subject to separate rules for 33 different types of political speech .
Id. , at 14 - 15 , n. 10 .
The FEC has adopted 568 pages of regulations , 1,278 pages of explanations and justifications for those regulations , and 1,771 advisory opinions since 1975 .
See id. , at 6 , n . 7 .
In fact , after this Court in WRTL adopted an objective " appeal to vote " test for determining whether a communication was the functional equivalent of express advocacy , 551 U. S. , at 470 ( opinion of Roberts , C. J. ) , the FEC adopted a two - part , 11 - factor balancing test to implement WRTL 's ruling .
See 11 CFR § 114.15 ; Brief for Wyoming Liberty Group et al. as Amici Curiae 17 - 27 ( filed Jan. 15 , 2009 ) .
This regulatory scheme may not be a prior restraint on speech in the strict sense of that term , for prospective speakers are not compelled by law to seek an advisory opinion from the FEC before the speech takes place .
Cf. Near v. Minnesota ex rel .
Olson , 283 U. S. 697 , 712-713 ( 1931 ) .
As a practical matter , however , given the complexity of the regulations and the deference courts show to administrative determinations , a speaker who wants to avoid threats of criminal liability and the heavy costs of defending against FEC enforcement must ask a governmental agency for prior permission to speak .
See 2 U. S. C. § 437 f ; 11 CFR § 112.1 .
These onerous restrictions thus function as the equivalent of prior restraint by giving the FEC power analogous to licensing laws implemented in 16th - and 17th - century England , laws and governmental practices of the sort that the First Amendment was drawn to prohibit .
See Thomas v. Chicago Park Dist. , 534 U. S. 316 , 320 ( 2002 ) ; Lovell v. City of Griffin , 303 U. S. 444 , 451-452 ( 1938 ) ; Near , supra , at 713-714 .
Because the FEC's " business is to censor , there inheres the danger that [ it ] may well be less responsive than a court -- part of an independent branch of government -- to the constitutionally protected interests in free expression . "
Freedman v. Maryland , 380 U. S. 51 , 57 -58 ( 1965 ) .
When the FEC issues advisory opinions that prohibit speech , " [ m ] any persons , rather than undertake the considerable burden ( and sometimes risk ) of vindicating their rights through case - by - case litigation , will choose simply to abstain from protected speech -- harming not only themselves but society as a whole , which is deprived of an uninhibited marketplace of ideas . "
Virginia v. Hicks , 539 U. S. 113 , 119 ( 2003 ) ( citation omitted ) .
Consequently , " the censor 's determination may in practice be final . "
Freedman , supra , at 58 .
This is precisely what WRTL sought to avoid .
WRTL said that First Amendment standards " must eschew ' the open - ended rough - and - tumble of factors , ' which ' invit[es ] complex argument in a trial court and a virtually inevitable appeal . ' " 551 U. S. , at 469 ( opinion of Roberts , C. J. ) ( quoting Jerome B. Grubart , Inc. v. Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Co. , 513 U. S. 527 , 547 ( 1995 ) ; alteration in original ) .
Yet , the FEC has created a regime that allows it to select what political speech is safe for public consumption by applying ambiguous tests .
If parties want to avoid litigation and the possibility of civil and criminal penalties , they must either refrain from speaking or ask the FEC to issue an advisory opinion approving of the political speech in question .
Government officials pore over each word of a text to see if , in their judgment , it accords with the 11 - factor test they have promulgated .
This is an unprecedented governmental intervention into the realm of speech .
The ongoing chill upon speech that is beyond all doubt protected makes it necessary in this case to invoke the earlier precedents that a statute which chills speech can and must be invalidated where its facial invalidity has been demonstrated .
See WRTL , supra , at 482-483 ( Alito , J. , concurring ) ; Thornhill v. Alabama , 310 U. S. 88 , 97-98 ( 1940 ) .
For these reasons we find it necessary to reconsider Austin .
III
The First Amendment provides that " Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of speech . "
Laws enacted to control or suppress speech may operate at different points in the speech process .
The following are just a few examples of restrictions that have been attempted at different stages of the speech process -- all laws found to be invalid : restrictions requiring a permit at the outset , Watchtower Bible & Tract Soc. of N. Y. , Inc. v. Village of Stratton , 536 U. S. 150 , 153 ( 2002 ) ; imposing a burden by impounding proceeds on receipts or royalties , Simon & Schuster , Inc. v. Members of N. Y. State Crime Victims Bd. , 502 U. S. 105 , 108 , 123 ( 1991 ) ; seeking to exact a cost after the speech occurs , New York Times Co. v. Sullivan , 376 U. S. , at 267 ; and subjecting the speaker to criminal penalties , Brandenburg v. Ohio , 395 U. S. 444 , 445 ( 1969 ) ( per curiam ) .
The law before us is an outright ban , backed by criminal sanctions .
Section 441b makes it a felony for all corporations -- including nonprofit advocacy corporations -- either to expressly advocate the election or defeat of candidates or to broadcast electioneering communications within 30 days of a primary election and 60 days of a general election .
Thus , the following acts would all be felonies under § 441b : The Sierra Club runs an ad , within the crucial phase of 60 days before the general election , that exhorts the public to disapprove of a Congressman who favors logging in national forests ; the National Rifle Association publishes a book urging the public to vote for the challenger because the incumbent U. S. Senator supports a handgun ban ; and the American Civil Liberties Union creates a Web site telling the public to vote for a Presidential candidate in light of that candidate 's defense of free speech .
These prohibitions are classic examples of censorship .
Section 441b is a ban on corporate speech notwithstanding the fact that a PAC created by a corporation can still speak .
See McConnell , 540 U. S. , at 330-333 ( opinion of Kennedy , J. ) .
A PAC is a separate association from the corporation .
So the PAC exemption from § 441 b 's expenditure ban , § 441 b ( b ) ( 2 ) , does not allow corporations to speak .
Even if a PAC could somehow allow a corporation to speak -- and it does not -- the option to form PACs does not alleviate the First Amendment problems with § 441b .
PACs are burdensome alternatives ; they are expensive to administer and subject to extensive regulations .
For example , every PAC must appoint a treasurer , forward donations to the treasurer promptly , keep detailed records of the identities of the persons making donations , preserve receipts for three years , and file an organization statement and report changes to this information within 10 days .
See id. , at 330-332 ( quoting MCFL , 479 U. S. , at 253-254 ) .
And that is just the beginning .
PACs must file detailed monthly reports with the FEC , which are due at different times depending on the type of election that is about to occur :
" ' These reports must contain information regarding the amount of cash on hand ; the total amount of receipts , detailed by 10 different categories ; the identification of each political committee and candidate 's authorized or affiliated committee making contributions , and any persons making loans , providing rebates , refunds , dividends , or interest or any other offset to operating expenditures in an aggregate amount over $ 200 ; the total amount of all disbursements , detailed by 12 different categories ; the names of all authorized or affiliated committees to whom expenditures aggregating over $ 200 have been made ; persons to whom loan repayments or refunds have been made ; the total sum of all contributions , operating expenses , outstanding debts and obligations , and the settlement terms of the retirement of any debt or obligation . ' " 540 U. S. , at 331-332 ( quoting MCFL , supra , at 253-254 ) .
PACs have to comply with these regulations just to speak .
This might explain why fewer than 2,000 of the millions of corporations in this country have PACs .
See Brief for Seven Former Chairmen of FEC et al. as Amici Curiae 11 ( citing FEC , Summary of PAC Activity 1990 - 2006 , online at http://www.fec.gov/press/press2007/
20071009pac/sumhistory.pdf ) ; IRS , Statistics of Income : 2006 , Corporation Income Tax Returns 2 ( 2009 ) ( hereinafter Statistics of Income ) ( 5.8 million for - profit corporations filed 2006 tax returns ) .
PACs , furthermore , must exist before they can speak .
Given the onerous restrictions , a corporation may not be able to establish a PAC in time to make its views known regarding candidates and issues in a current campaign .
Section 441b 's prohibition on corporate independent expenditures is thus a ban on speech .
As a " restriction on the amount of money a person or group can spend on political communication during a campaign , " that statute " necessarily reduces the quantity of expression by restricting the number of issues discussed , the depth of their exploration , and the size of the audience reached . "
Buckley v. Valeo , 424 U. S. 1 , 19 ( 1976 ) ( per curiam ) .
Were the Court to uphold these restrictions , the Government could repress speech by silencing certain voices at any of the various points in the speech process .
See McConnell , supra , at 251 ( opinion of Scalia , J. ) ( Government could repress speech by " attacking all levels of the production and dissemination of ideas , " for " effective public communication requires the speaker to make use of the services of others " ) .
If §441b applied to individuals , no one would believe that it is merely a time , place , or manner restriction on speech .
Its purpose and effect are to silence entities whose voices the Government deems to be suspect .
Speech is an essential mechanism of democracy , for it is the means to hold officials accountable to the people .
See Buckley , supra , at 14 - 15 ( " In a republic where the people are sovereign , the ability of the citizenry to make informed choices among candidates for office is essential " ) .
The right of citizens to inquire , to hear , to speak , and to use information to reach consensus is a precondition to enlightened self - government and a necessary means to protect it .
The First Amendment " ' has its fullest and most urgent application ' to speech uttered during a campaign for political office . "
Eu v. San Francisco County Democratic Central Comm. , 489 U. S. 214 , 223 ( 1989 ) ( quoting Monitor Patriot Co. v. Roy , 401 U. S. 265 , 272 ( 1971 ) ) ; see Buckley , supra , at 14 ( " Discussion of public issues and debate on the qualifications of candidates are integral to the operation of the system of government established by our Constitution " ) .
For these reasons , political speech must prevail against laws that would suppress it , whether by design or inadvertence .
Laws that burden political speech are " subject to strict scrutiny , " which requires the Government to prove that the restriction " furthers a compelling interest and is narrowly tailored to achieve that interest . "
WRTL , 551 U. S. , at 464 ( opinion of Roberts , C. J. ) .
While it might be maintained that political speech simply cannot be banned or restricted as a categorical matter , see Simon & Schuster , 502 U. S. , at 124 ( Kennedy , J. , concurring in judgment ) , the quoted language from WRTL provides a sufficient framework for protecting the relevant First Amendment interests in this case .
We shall employ it here .
Premised on mistrust of governmental power , the First Amendment stands against attempts to disfavor certain subjects or viewpoints .
See , e.g. , United States v. Playboy Entertainment Group , Inc. , 529 U. S. 803 , 813 ( 2000 ) ( striking down content - based restriction ) .
Prohibited , too , are restrictions distinguishing among different speakers , allowing speech by some but not others .
See First Nat. Bank of Boston v. Bellotti , 435 U. S. 765 , 784 ( 1978 ) .
As instruments to censor , these categories are interrelated : Speech restrictions based on the identity of the speaker are all too often simply a means to control content .
Quite apart from the purpose or effect of regulating content , moreover , the Government may commit a constitutional wrong when by law it identifies certain preferred speakers .
By taking the right to speak from some and giving it to others , the Government deprives the disadvantaged person or class of the right to use speech to strive to establish worth , standing , and respect for the speaker 's voice .
The Government may not by these means deprive the public of the right and privilege to determine for itself what speech and speakers are worthy of consideration .
The First Amendment protects speech and speaker , and the ideas that flow from each .
The Court has upheld a narrow class of speech restrictions that operate to the disadvantage of certain persons , but these rulings were based on an interest in allowing governmental entities to perform their functions .
See , e.g. , Bethel School Dist .
No. 403 v. Fraser , 478 U. S. 675 , 683 ( 1986 ) ( protecting the " function of public school education " ) ; Jones v. North Carolina Prisoners ' Labor Union , Inc. , 433 U. S. 119 , 129 ( 1977 ) ( furthering " the legitimate penological objectives of the corrections system " ( internal quotation marks omitted ) ) ; Parker v. Levy , 417 U. S. 733 , 759 ( 1974 ) ( ensuring " the capacity of the Government to discharge its [ military ] responsibilities " ( internal quotation marks omitted ) ) ; Civil Service Comm'n v. Letter Carriers , 413 U. S. 548 , 557 ( 1973 ) ( " [ F]ederal service should depend upon meritorious performance rather than political service " ) .
The corporate independent expenditures at issue in this case , however , would not interfere with governmental functions , so these cases are inapposite .
These precedents stand only for the proposition that there are certain governmental functions that cannot operate without some restrictions on particular kinds of speech .
By contrast , it is inherent in the nature of the political process that voters must be free to obtain information from diverse sources in order to determine how to cast their votes .
At least before Austin , the Court had not allowed the exclusion of a class of speakers from the general public dialogue .
We find no basis for the proposition that , in the context of political speech , the Government may impose restrictions on certain disfavored speakers .
Both history and logic lead us to this conclusion .
A
1
The Court has recognized that First Amendment protection extends to corporations .
Bellotti , supra , at 778 , n. 14 ( citing Linmark Associates , Inc. v. Willingboro , 431 U. S. 85 ( 1977 ) ; Time , Inc. v. Firestone , 424 U. S. 448 ( 1976 ) ; Doran v. Salem Inn , Inc. , 422 U. S. 922 ( 1975 ) ; Southeastern Promotions , Ltd. v. Conrad , 420 U. S. 546 ( 1975 ) ; Cox Broadcasting Corp. v. Cohn , 420 U. S. 469 ( 1975 ) ; Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo , 418 U. S. 241 ( 1974 ) ; New York Times Co. v. United States , 403 U. S. 713 ( 1971 ) ( per curiam ) ; Time , Inc. v. Hill , 385 U. S. 374 ( 1967 ) ; New York Times Co. v. Sullivan , 376 U. S. 254 ; Kingsley Int'l Pictures Corp. v. Regents of Univ. of N. Y. , 360 U. S. 684 ( 1959 ) ; Joseph Burstyn , Inc. v. Wilson , 343 U. S. 495 ( 1952 ) ) ; see , e.g. , Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. v. FCC , 520 U. S. 180 ( 1997 ) ; Denver Area Ed. Telecommunications Consortium , Inc. v. FCC , 518 U. S. 727 ( 1996 ) ; Turner , 512 U. S. 622 ; Simon & Schuster , 502 U. S. 105 ; Sable Communications of Cal. , Inc. v. FCC , 492 U. S. 115 ( 1989 ) ; Florida Star v. B. J. F. , 491 U. S. 524 ( 1989 ) ; Philadelphia Newspapers , Inc. v. Hepps , 475 U. S. 767 ( 1986 ) ; Landmark Communications , Inc. v. Virginia , 435 U. S. 829 ( 1978 ) ; Young v. American Mini Theatres , Inc. , 427 U. S. 50 ( 1976 ) ; Gertz v. Robert Welch , Inc. , 418 U. S. 323 ( 1974 ) ; Greenbelt Cooperative Publishing Assn. , Inc. v. Bresler , 398 U. S. 6 ( 1970 ) .
This protection has been extended by explicit holdings to the context of political speech .
See , e.g. , Button , 371 U. S. , at 428-429 ; Grosjean v. American Press Co. , 297 U. S. 233 , 244 ( 1936 ) .
Under the rationale of these precedents , political speech does not lose First Amendment protection " simply because its source is a corporation . "
Bellotti , supra , at 784 ; see Pacific Gas & Elec. Co. v. Public Util. Comm'n of Cal. , 475 U. S. 1 , 8 ( 1986 ) ( plurality opinion )
( " The identity of the speaker is not decisive in determining whether speech is protected .
Corporations and other associations , like individuals , contribute to the ' discussion , debate , and the dissemination of information and ideas ' that the First Amendment seeks to foster " ( quoting Bellotti , 435 U. S. , at 783 ) ) .
The Court has thus rejected the argument that political speech of corporations or other associations should be treated differently under the First Amendment simply because such associations are not " natural persons . "
Id. , at 776 ; see id. , at 780 , n. 16 . Cf. id. , at 828 ( Rehnquist , J. , dissenting ) .
At least since the latter part of the 19th century , the laws of some States and of the United States imposed a ban on corporate direct contributions to candidates .
See B. Smith , Unfree Speech : The Folly of Campaign Finance Reform 23 ( 2001 ) .
Yet not until 1947 did Congress first prohibit independent expenditures by corporations and labor unions in §304 of the Labor Management Relations Act 1947 , 61 Stat.
159 ( codified at 2 U. S. C. § 251 ( 1946 ed. , Supp. I ) ) .
In passing this Act Congress overrode the veto of President Truman , who warned that the expenditure ban was a " dangerous intrusion on free speech . "
Message from the President of the United States , H. R. Doc. No. 334 , 89th Cong. , 1st Sess. , 9 ( 1947 ) .
For almost three decades thereafter , the Court did not reach the question whether restrictions on corporate and union expenditures are constitutional .
See WRTL , 551 U. S. , at 502 ( opinion of Scalia , J. ) .
The question was in the background of United States v. CIO , 335 U. S. 106 ( 1948 ) .
There , a labor union endorsed a congressional candidate in its weekly periodical .
The Court stated that " the gravest doubt would arise in our minds as to [ the federal expenditure prohibition 's ] constitutionality " if it were construed to suppress that writing .
Id. , at 121 .
The Court engaged in statutory interpretation and found the statute did not cover the publication .
Id. , at 121- 122 , and n. 20 .
Four Justices , however , said they would reach the constitutional question and invalidate the Labor Management Relations
Act 's expenditure ban .
Id. , at 155 ( Rutledge , J. , joined by Black , Douglas , and Murphy , JJ. , concurring in result ) .
The concurrence explained that any " ' undue influence ' " generated by a speaker 's " large expenditures " was outweighed " by the loss for democratic processes resulting from the restrictions upon free and full public discussion . "
Id. , at 143 .
In United States v. Automobile Workers , 352 U. S. 567 ( 1957 ) , the Court again encountered the independent expenditure ban , which had been recodified at 18 U. S. C. § 610 ( 1952 ed. ) .
See 62 Stat. 723-724 .
After holding only that a union television broadcast that endorsed candidates was covered by the statute , the Court " [ r] efus[ed ] to anticipate constitutional questions " and remanded for the trial to proceed .
352 U. S. , at 591 .
Three Justices dissented , arguing that the Court should have reached the constitutional question and that the ban on independent expenditures was unconstitutional :
" Under our Constitution it is We The People who are sovereign .
The people have the final say .
The legislators are their spokesmen .
The people determine through their votes the destiny of the nation .
It is therefore important -- vitally important -- that all channels of communications be open to them during every election , that no point of view be restrained or barred , and that the people have access to the views of every group in the community . "
Id. , at 593 ( opinion of Douglas , J. , joined by Warren , C. J. , and Black , J. ) .
The dissent concluded that deeming a particular group " too powerful " was not a " justificatio[n ] for withholding First Amendment rights from any group - - labor or corporate . "
Id. , at 597 .
The Court did not get another opportunity to consider the constitutional question in that case ; for after a remand , a jury found the defendants not guilty .
See Hayward , Revisiting the Fable of Reform , 45 Harv. J. Legis. 421 , 463 ( 2008 ) .
Later , in Pipefitters v. United States , 407 U. S. 385 , 400-401 ( 1972 ) , the Court reversed a conviction for expenditure of union funds for political speech -- again without reaching the constitutional question .
The Court would not resolve that question for another four years .
2
In Buckley , 424 U. S. 1 , the Court addressed various challenges to the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 ( FECA ) as amended in 1974 .
These amendments created 18 U. S. C. § 608(e ) ( 1970 ed. , Supp. V ) , see 88 Stat.
1265 , an independent expenditure ban separate from §610 that applied to individuals as well as corporations and labor unions , Buckley , 424 U. S. , at 23 , 39 , and n. 45 .
Before addressing the constitutionality of § 608 ( e ) 's independent expenditure ban , Buckley first upheld § 608 ( b ) , FECA 's limits on direct contributions to candidates .
The Buckley Court recognized a " sufficiently important " governmental interest in " the prevention of corruption and the appearance of corruption . "
Id. , at 25 ; see id. , at 26 .
This followed from the Court 's concern that large contributions could be given " to secure a political quid pro quo . "
Ibid .
The Buckley Court explained that the potential for quid pro quo corruption distinguished direct contributions to candidates from independent expenditures .
The Court emphasized that " the independent expenditure ceiling ... fails to serve any substantial governmental interest in stemming the reality or appearance of corruption in the electoral process , " id. , at 47 - 48 , because " [t ] he absence of prearrangement and coordination . . . alleviates the danger that expenditures will be given as a quid pro quo for improper commitments from the candidate , " id. , at 47 .
Buckley invalidated § 608 ( e ) 's restrictions on independent expenditures , with only one Justice dissenting .
See Federal Election Comm'n v. National Conservative Political Action Comm. , 470 U. S. 480 , 491 , n. 3 ( 1985 ) ( NCPAC ) .
Buckley did not consider § 610 's separate ban on corporate and union independent expenditures , the prohibition that had also been in the background in CIO , Automobile Workers , and Pipefitters .
Had §610 been challenged in the wake of Buckley , however , it could not have been squared with the reasoning and analysis of that precedent .
See WRTL , supra , at 487 ( opinion of Scalia , J. ) ( " Buckley might well have been the last word on limitations on independent expenditures " ) ; Austin , 494 U. S. , at 683 ( Scalia , J. , dissenting ) .
The expenditure ban invalidated in Buckley , § 608 (e ) , applied to corporations and unions , 424 U. S. , at 23 , 39 , n. 45 ; and some of the prevailing plaintiffs in Buckley were corporations , id. , at 8 .
The Buckley Court did not invoke the First Amendment 's overbreadth doctrine , see Broadrick v. Oklahoma , 413 U. S. 601 , 615 ( 1973 ) , to suggest that § 608 ( e ) 's expenditure ban would have been constitutional if it had applied only to corporations and not to individuals , 424 U. S. , at 50 .
Buckley cited with approval the Automobile Workers dissent , which argued that §610 was unconstitutional .
424 U. S. , at 43 ( citing 352 U. S. , at 595- 596 ( opinion of Douglas , J. ) ) .
Notwithstanding this precedent , Congress recodified § 610 's corporate and union expenditure ban at 2 U. S. C. § 441 b four months after Buckley was decided .
See 90 Stat. 490 . Section 441b is the independent expenditure restriction challenged here .
Less than two years after Buckley , Bellotti , 435 U. S. 765 , reaffirmed the First Amendment principle that the Government cannot restrict political speech based on the speaker 's corporate identity .
Bellotti could not have been clearer when it struck down a state - law prohibition on corporate independent expenditures related to referenda issues :
" We thus find no support in the First . . .
Amendment , or in the decisions of this Court , for the proposition that speech that otherwise would be within the protection of the First Amendment loses that protection simply because its source is a corporation that cannot prove , to the satisfaction of a court , a material effect on its business or property .
. . .
[ That proposition ] amounts to an impermissible legislative prohibition of speech based on the identity of the interests that spokesmen may represent in public debate over controversial issues and a requirement that the speaker have a sufficiently great interest in the subject to justify communication .
. . . . .
" In the realm of protected speech , the legislature is constitutionally disqualified from dictating the subjects about which persons may speak and the speakers who may address a public issue . "
Id. , at 784-785 .
It is important to note that the reasoning and holding of Bellotti did not rest on the existence of a viewpoint - discriminatory statute .
It rested on the principle that the Government lacks the power to ban corporations from speaking .
Bellotti did not address the constitutionality of the State 's ban on corporate independent expenditures to support candidates .
In our view , however , that restriction would have been unconstitutional under Bellotti's central principle : that the First Amendment does not allow political speech restrictions based on a speaker 's corporate identity .
See ibid .
3
Thus the law stood until Austin .
Austin " uph[eld ] a direct restriction on the independent expenditure of funds for political speech for the first time in [ this Court 's ] history . "
494 U. S. , at 695 ( Kennedy , J. , dissenting ) .
There , the Michigan Chamber of Commerce sought to use general treasury funds to run a newspaper ad supporting a specific candidate .
Michigan law , however , prohibited corporate independent expenditures that supported or opposed any candidate for state office .
A violation of the law was punishable as a felony .
The Court sustained the speech prohibition .
To bypass Buckley and Bellotti , the Austin Court identified a new governmental interest in limiting political speech : an antidistortion interest .
Austin found a compelling governmental interest in preventing " the corrosive and distorting effects of immense aggregations of wealth that are accumulated with the help of the corporate form and that have little or no correlation to the public 's support for the corporation 's political ideas . "
494 U. S. , at 660 ; see id. , at 659 ( citing MCFL , 479 U. S. , at 257 ; NCPAC , 470 U. S. , at 500 - 501 ) .
B
The Court is thus confronted with conflicting lines of precedent : a pre-Austin line that forbids restrictions on political speech based on the speaker 's corporate identity and a post - Austin line that permits them .
No case before Austin had held that Congress could prohibit independent expenditures for political speech based on the speaker 's corporate identity .
Before Austin Congress had enacted legislation for this purpose , and the Government urged the same proposition before this Court .
See MCFL , supra , at 257 ( FEC posited that Congress intended to " curb the political influence of ' those who exercise control over large aggregations of capital ' " ( quoting Automobile Workers , supra , at 585 ) ) ; California Medical Assn. v. Federal Election Comm'n , 453 U. S. 182 , 201 ( 1981 ) ( Congress believed that " differing structures and purposes " of corporations and unions " may require different forms of regulation in order to protect the integrity of the electoral process " ) .
In neither of these cases did the Court adopt the proposition .
In its defense of the corporate - speech restrictions in §441b , the Government notes the antidistortion rationale on which Austin and its progeny rest in part , yet it all but abandons reliance upon it .
It argues instead that two other compelling interests support Austin 's holding that corporate expenditure restrictions are constitutional : an anticorruption interest , see 494 U. S. , at 678 ( Stevens , J. , concurring ) , and a shareholder - protection interest , see id. , at 674-675 ( Brennan , J. , concurring ) .
We consider the three points in turn .
1
As for Austin 's antidistortion rationale , the Government does little to defend it .
See Tr. of Oral Arg. 45 -48 ( Sept. 9 , 2009 ) .
And with good reason , for the rationale cannot support § 441b .
If the First Amendment has any force , it prohibits Congress from fining or jailing citizens , or associations of citizens , for simply engaging in political speech .
If the antidistortion rationale were to be accepted , however , it would permit Government to ban political speech simply because the speaker is an association that has taken on the corporate form .
The Government contends that Austin permits it to ban corporate expenditures for almost all forms of communication stemming from a corporation .
See Part II -E , supra ; Tr. of Oral Arg. 66 ( Sept. 9 , 2009 ) ; see also id. , at 26 - 31 ( Mar. 24 , 2009 ) .
If Austin were correct , the Government could prohibit a corporation from expressing political views in media beyond those presented here , such as by printing books .
The Government responds " that the FEC has never applied this statute to a book , " and if it did , " there would be quite [ a ] good as - applied challenge . "
Tr. of Oral Arg. 65 ( Sept. 9 , 2009 ) .
This troubling assertion of brooding governmental power cannot be reconciled with the confidence and stability in civic discourse that the First Amendment must secure .
Political speech is " indispensable to decisionmaking in a democracy , and this is no less true because the speech comes from a corporation rather than an individual . "
Bellotti , 435 U. S. , at 777 ( footnote omitted ) ; see ibid .
( the worth of speech " does not depend upon the identity of its source , whether corporation , association , union , or individual " ) ; Buckley , 424 U. S. , at 48 - 49 ( " [ T ]he concept that government may restrict the speech of some elements of our society in order to enhance the relative voice of others is wholly foreign to the First Amendment " ) ; Automobile Workers , 352 U. S. , at 597 ( Douglas , J. , dissenting ) ; CIO , 335 U. S. , at 154 -155 ( Rutledge , J. , concurring in result ) .
This protection for speech is inconsistent with Austin 's antidistortion rationale .
Austin sought to defend the antidistortion rationale as a means to prevent corporations from obtaining " 'an unfair advantage in the political marketplace ' " by using " ' resources amassed in the economic marketplace . ' " 494 U. S. , at 659 ( quoting MCFL , supra , at 257 ) .
But Buckley rejected the premise that the Government has an interest " in equalizing the relative ability of individuals and groups to influence the outcome of elections . "
424 U. S. , at 48 ; see Bellotti , supra , at 791 , n. 30 .
Buckley was specific in stating that " the skyrocketing cost of political campaigns " could not sustain the governmental prohibition .
424 U. S. , at 26 .
The First Amendment 's protections do not depend on the speaker 's " financial ability to engage in public discussion . "
Id. , at 49 .
The Court reaffirmed these conclusions when it invalidated the BCRA provision that increased the cap on contributions to one candidate if the opponent made certain expenditures from personal funds .
See Davis v. Federal Election Comm'n , 554 U. S. ___ , ___ ( 2008 ) ( slip op. , at 16 ) ( " Leveling electoral opportunities means making and implementing judgments about which strengths should be permitted to contribute to the outcome of an election .
The Constitution , however , confers upon voters , not Congress , the power to choose the Members of the House of Representatives , Art. I , §2 , and it is a dangerous business for Congress to use the election laws to influence the voters ' choices " ) .
The rule that political speech cannot be limited based on a speaker 's wealth is a necessary consequence of the premise that the First Amendment generally prohibits the suppression of political speech based on the speaker 's identity .
Either as support for its antidistortion rationale or as a further argument , the Austin majority undertook to distinguish wealthy individuals from corporations on the ground that " [ s ] tate law grants corporations special advantages -- such as limited liability , perpetual life , and favorable treatment of the accumulation and distribution of assets . "
494 U. S. , at 658-659 .
This does not suffice , however , to allow laws prohibiting speech .
" It is rudimentary that the State cannot exact as the price of those special advantages the forfeiture of First Amendment rights . "
Id. , at 680 ( Scalia , J. , dissenting ) .
It is irrelevant for purposes of the First Amendment that corporate funds may " have little or no correlation to the public 's support for the corporation 's political ideas . "
Id. , at 660 ( majority opinion ) .
All speakers , including individuals and the media , use money amassed from the economic marketplace to fund their speech .
The First Amendment protects the resulting speech , even if it was enabled by economic transactions with persons or entities who disagree with the speaker 's ideas .
See id. , at 707 ( Kennedy , J. , dissenting )
( " Many persons can trace their funds to corporations , if not in the form of donations , then in the form of dividends , interest , or salary " ) .
Austin 's antidistortion rationale would produce the dangerous , and unacceptable , consequence that Congress could ban political speech of media corporations .
See McConnell , 540 U. S. , at 283 ( opinion of Thomas , J. )
( " The chilling endpoint of the Court 's reasoning is not difficult to foresee : outright regulation of the press " ) .
Cf. Tornillo , 418 U. S. , at 250 ( alleging the existence of " vast accumulations of unreviewable power in the modern media empires " ) .
Media corporations are now exempt from § 441 b 's ban on corporate expenditures .
See 2 U. S. C. § § 431( 9 ) ( B ) ( i ) , 434( f ) ( 3 ) ( B ) ( i ) .
Yet media corporations accumulate wealth with the help of the corporate form , the largest media corporations have " immense aggregations of wealth , " and the views expressed by media corporations often " have little or no correlation to the public 's support " for those views .
Austin , 494 U. S. , at 660 .
Thus , under the Government 's reasoning , wealthy media corporations could have their voices diminished to put them on par with other media entities .
There is no precedent for permitting this under the First Amendment .
The media exemption discloses further difficulties with the law now under consideration .
There is no precedent supporting laws that attempt to distinguish between corporations which are deemed to be exempt as media corporations and those which are not .
" We have consistently rejected the proposition that the institutional press has any constitutional privilege beyond that of other speakers . "
Id. , at 691 ( Scalia , J. , dissenting ) ( citing Bellotti , 435 U. S. , at 782 ) ; see Dun & Bradstreet , Inc. v. Greenmoss Builders , Inc. , 472 U. S. 749 , 784 ( 1985 ) ( Brennan , J. , joined by Marshall , Blackmun , and Stevens , JJ. , dissenting ) ; id. , at 773 ( White , J. , concurring in judgment ) .
With the advent of the Internet and the decline of print and broadcast media , moreover , the line between the media and others who wish to comment on political and social issues becomes far more blurred .
The law 's exception for media corporations is , on its own terms , all but an admission of the invalidity of the antidistortion rationale .
And the exemption results in a further , separate reason for finding this law invalid : Again by its own terms , the law exempts some corporations but covers others , even though both have the need or the motive to communicate their views .
The exemption applies to media corporations owned or controlled by corporations that have diverse and substantial investments and participate in endeavors other than news .
So even assuming the most doubtful proposition that a news organization has a right to speak when others do not , the exemption would allow a conglomerate that owns both a media business and an unrelated business to influence or control the media in order to advance its overall business interest .
At the same time , some other corporation , with an identical business interest but no media outlet in its ownership structure , would be forbidden to speak or inform the public about the same issue .
This differential treatment cannot be squared with the First Amendment .
There is simply no support for the view that the First Amendment , as originally understood , would permit the suppression of political speech by media corporations .
The Framers may not have anticipated modern business and media corporations .
See McIntyre v. Ohio Elections Comm'n , 514 U. S. 334 , 360-361 ( 1995 ) ( Thomas , J. , concurring in judgment ) .
Yet television networks and major newspapers owned by media corporations have become the most important means of mass communication in modern times .
The First Amendment was certainly not understood to condone the suppression of political speech in society 's most salient media .
It was understood as a response to the repression of speech and the press that had existed in England and the heavy taxes on the press that were imposed in the colonies .
See McConnell , 540 U. S. , at 252-253 ( opinion of Scalia , J. ) ; Grosjean , 297 U. S. , at 245-248 ; Near , 283 U. S. , at 713-714 .
The great debates between the Federalists and the Anti-Federalists over our founding document were published and expressed in the most important means of mass communication of that era--newspapers owned by individuals .
See McIntyre , 514 U. S. , at 341-343 ; id. , at 367 ( Thomas , J. , concurring in judgment ) .
At the founding , speech was open , comprehensive , and vital to society 's definition of itself ; there were no limits on the sources of speech and knowledge .
See B. Bailyn , Ideological Origins of the American Revolution 5 ( 1967 ) ( " Any number of people could join in such proliferating polemics , and rebuttals could come from all sides " ) ; G. Wood , Creation of the American Republic 1776 - 1787 , p. 6 ( 1969 ) ( " [ I ]t is not surprising that the intellectual sources of [ the Americans ' ]
Revolutionary thought were profuse and various " ) .
The Framers may have been unaware of certain types of speakers or forms of communication , but that does not mean that those speakers and media are entitled to less First Amendment protection than those types of speakers and media that provided the means of communicating political ideas when the Bill of Rights was adopted .
Austin interferes with the " open marketplace " of ideas protected by the First Amendment .
New York State Bd. of Elections v. Lopez Torres , 552 U. S. 196 , 208 ( 2008 ) ; see ibid .
( ideas " may compete " in this marketplace " without government interference " ) ; McConnell , supra , at 274 ( opinion of Thomas , J. ) .
It permits the Government to ban the political speech of millions of associations of citizens .
See Statistics of Income 2 ( 5.8 million for - profit corporations filed 2006 tax returns ) .
Most of these are small corporations without large amounts of wealth .
See Supp. Brief for Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America as Amicus Curiae 1 , 3 ( 96 % of the 3 million businesses that belong to the U. S. Chamber of Commerce have fewer than 100 employees ) ; M. Keightley , Congressional Research Service Report for Congress , Business Organizational Choices : Taxation and Responses to Legislative Changes 10 ( 2009 ) ( more than 75 % of corporations whose income is taxed under federal law , see 26 U. S. C. § 301 , have less than $ 1 million in receipts per year ) .
This fact belies the Government 's argument that the statute is justified on the ground that it prevents the " distorting effects of immense aggregations of wealth . "
Austin , 494 U. S. , at 660 .
It is not even aimed at amassed wealth .
The censorship we now confront is vast in its reach .
The Government has " muffle [d ] the voices that best represent the most significant segments of the economy . "
McConnell , supra , at 257-258 ( opinion of Scalia , J. ) .
And " the electorate [ has been ] deprived of information , knowledge and opinion vital to its function . "
CIO , 335 U. S. , at 144 ( Rutledge , J. , concurring in result ) .
By suppressing the speech of manifold corporations , both for - profit and nonprofit , the Government prevents their voices and viewpoints from reaching the public and advising voters on which persons or entities are hostile to their interests .
Factions will necessarily form in our Republic , but the remedy of " destroying the liberty " of some factions is " worse than the disease . "
The Federalist No. 10 , p. 130 ( B. Wright ed. 1961 ) ( J. Madison ) .
Factions should be checked by permitting them all to speak , see ibid. , and by entrusting the people to judge what is true and what is false .
The purpose and effect of this law is to prevent corporations , including small and nonprofit corporations , from presenting both facts and opinions to the public .
This makes Austin 's antidistortion rationale all the more an aberration .
" [ T ] he First Amendment protects the right of corporations to petition legislative and administrative bodies . "
Bellotti , 435 U. S. , at 792 , n. 31 ( citing California Motor Transport Co. v. Trucking Unlimited , 404 U. S. 508 , 510 - 511 ( 1972 ) ; Eastern Railroad Presidents Conference v. Noerr Motor Freight , Inc. , 365 U. S. 127 , 137-138 ( 1961 ) ) .
Corporate executives and employees counsel Members of Congress and Presidential administrations on many issues , as a matter of routine and often in private .
An amici brief filed on behalf of Montana and 25 other States notes that lobbying and corporate communications with elected officials occur on a regular basis .
Brief for State of Montana et al. as Amici Curiae 19 .
When that phenomenon is coupled with § 441b , the result is that smaller or nonprofit corporations cannot raise a voice to object when other corporations , including those with vast wealth , are cooperating with the Government .
That cooperation may sometimes be voluntary , or it may be at the demand of a Government official who uses his or her authority , influence , and power to threaten corporations to support the Government 's policies .
Those kinds of interactions are often unknown and unseen .
The speech that § 441b forbids , though , is public , and all can judge its content and purpose .
References to massive corporate treasuries should not mask the real operation of this law .
Rhetoric ought not obscure reality .
Even if § 441 b 's expenditure ban were constitutional , wealthy corporations could still lobby elected officials , although smaller corporations may not have the resources to do so .
And wealthy individuals and unincorporated associations can spend unlimited amounts on independent expenditures .
See , e.g. , WRTL , 551 U. S. , at 503- 504 ( opinion of Scalia , J. )
( " In the 2004 election cycle , a mere 24 individuals contributed an astounding total of $ 142 million to [ 26 U. S. C. § 527 organizations ] " ) .
Yet certain disfavored associations of citizens -- those that have taken on the corporate form -- are penalized for engaging in the same political speech .
When Government seeks to use its full power , including the criminal law , to command where a person may get his or her information or what distrusted source he or she may not hear , it uses censorship to control thought .
This is unlawful .
The First Amendment confirms the freedom to think for ourselves .
2
What we have said also shows the invalidity of other arguments made by the Government .
For the most part relinquishing the antidistortion rationale , the Government falls back on the argument that corporate political speech can be banned in order to prevent corruption or its appearance .
In Buckley , the Court found this interest " sufficiently important " to allow limits on contributions but did not extend that reasoning to expenditure limits .
424 U. S. , at 25 .
When Buckley examined an expenditure ban , it found " that the governmental interest in preventing corruption and the appearance of corruption [ was ] inadequate to justify [ the ban ] on independent expenditures . "
Id. , at 45 .
With regard to large direct contributions , Buckley reasoned that they could be given " to secure a political quid pro quo , " id. , at 26 , and that " the scope of such pernicious practices can never be reliably ascertained , " id. , at 27 .
The practices Buckley noted would be covered by bribery laws , see , e.g. , 18 U. S. C. § 201 , if a quid pro quo arrangement were proved .
See Buckley , supra , at 27 , and n. 28 ( citing Buckley v. Valeo , 519 F. 2d 821 , 839-840 , and nn. 36-38 ( CADC 1975 ) ( en banc ) ( per curiam ) ) .
The Court , in consequence , has noted that restrictions on direct contributions are preventative , because few if any contributions to candidates will involve quid pro quo arrangements .
MCFL , 479 U. S. , at 260 ; NCPAC , 470 U. S. , at 500 ; Federal Election Comm'n v. National Right to Work Comm. , 459 U. S. 197 , 210 ( 1982 ) ( NRWC ) .
The Buckley Court , nevertheless , sustained limits on direct contributions in order to ensure against the reality or appearance of corruption .
That case did not extend this rationale to independent expenditures , and the Court does not do so here .
" The absence of prearrangement and coordination of an expenditure with the candidate or his agent not only undermines the value of the expenditure to the candidate , but also alleviates the danger that expenditures will be given as a quid pro quo for improper commitments from the candidate . "
Buckley , 424 U. S. , at 47 ; see ibid .
( independent expenditures have a " substantially diminished potential for abuse " ) .
Limits on independent expenditures , such as § 441b , have a chilling effect extending well beyond the Government 's interest in preventing quid pro quo corruption .
The anticorruption interest is not sufficient to displace the speech here in question .
Indeed , 26 States do not restrict independent expenditures by for - profit corporations .
The Government does not claim that these expenditures have corrupted the political process in those States .
See Supp. Brief for Appellee 18 , n. 3 ; Supp. Brief for Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America as Amicus Curiae 8 - 9 , n. 5 .
A single footnote in Bellotti purported to leave open the possibility that corporate independent expenditures could be shown to cause corruption .
435 U. S. , at 788 , n. 26 .
For the reasons explained above , we now conclude that independent expenditures , including those made by corporations , do not give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption .
Dicta in Bellotti's footnote suggested that " a corporation 's right to speak on issues of general public interest implies no comparable right in the quite different context of participation in a political campaign for election to public office . "
Ibid .
Citing the portion of Buckley that invalidated the federal independent expenditure ban , 424 U. S. , at 46 , and a law review student comment , Bellotti surmised that " Congress might well be able to demonstrate the existence of a danger of real or apparent corruption in independent expenditures by corporations to influence candidate elections . "
435 U. S. , at 788 , n. 26 .
Buckley , however , struck down a ban on independent expenditures to support candidates that covered corporations , 424 U. S. , at 23 , 39 , n. 45 , and explained that " the distinction between discussion of issues and candidates and advocacy of election or defeat of candidates may often dissolve in practical application , " id. , at 42 .
Bellotti's dictum is thus supported only by a law review student comment , which misinterpreted Buckley .
See Comment , The Regulation of Union Political Activity : Majority and Minority Rights and Remedies , 126 U. Pa. L. Rev. 386 , 408 ( 1977 ) ( suggesting that " corporations and labor unions should be held to different and more stringent standards than an individual or other associations under a regulatory scheme for campaign financing " ) .
Seizing on this aside in Bellotti's footnote , the Court in NRWC did say there is a " sufficient " governmental interest in " ensur[ing ] that substantial aggregations of wealth amassed " by corporations would not " be used to incur political debts from legislators who are aided by the contributions . "
459 U. S. , at 207-208 ( citing Automobile Workers , 352 U. S. , at 579 ) ; see 459 U. S. , at 210 , and n. 7 ; NCPAC , supra , at 500 - 501 ( NRWC suggested a governmental interest in restricting " the influence of political war chests funneled through the corporate form " ) .
NRWC , however , has little relevance here .
NRWC decided no more than that a restriction on a corporation 's ability to solicit funds for its segregated PAC , which made direct contributions to candidates , did not violate the First Amendment .
459 U. S. , at 206 .
NRWC thus involved contribution limits , see NCPAC , supra , at 495- 496 , which , unlike limits on independent expenditures , have been an accepted means to prevent quid pro quo corruption , see McConnell , 540 U. S. , at 136-138 , and n. 40 ; MCFL , supra , at 259-260 .
Citizens United has not made direct contributions to candidates , and it has not suggested that the Court should reconsider whether contribution limits should be subjected to rigorous First Amendment scrutiny .
When Buckley identified a sufficiently important governmental interest in preventing corruption or the appearance of corruption , that inte
Let us construct inductively a sequence of rationals that approximate .
( This is not necessarily the best proof of the irrationality of but it gives an easy illustration of the technique . )
We begin with , and observe that .
If were , then we would have , so the " " at the end of this is our error term in the first approximation .
Now suppose we have defined and in such a way that .
Then set and .
( The justification for this choice is that if were then would be too , as can easily be checked . )
Then
Thus , we have constructed a sequence of rationals , with denominators tending to infinity , such that for every .
But from this we deduce that , and therefore that .
Since ( as may easily be checked ) , this implies that tends to ( at roughly the same rate as ) , and therefore that is irrational .
David Rosenberg is back on housing , and has an interesting non-Case Shiller chart to show you :
Home prices :
There remains a glut of at least two years supply on the market
when the ‘ shadow ’ foreclosed housing inventory data are included in the
calculation and home prices on average have 10 - 15 % downside before fully mean
reverting with respect to residential rents and wage income .
This is the canary in
the coalmine when it comes to wealth , confidence , spending — and writedowns
( the market is expecting write - ups this year ) in the banking sector .
The big surprise
will be the renewed turndown in the closely - watched Case - Shiller ( CS ) index of
home prices , which in the past two months has slowed to an average gain of
+ 0.25 % after 1 % + advances in July - August , which gave beta - hungry investors
more reason to add risk to their portfolios .
But the CS series is a three - month
average and for all we know , the renewed price declines we expect to see may
already be occurring now .
Note that two home price series are already back in
decline for two straight months — LoanPerformance and Radar Logic .
This is key
for any sector that remotely touches the housing industry from the homebuilders ,
to the financials , to the consumer discretionary group .
Do n't miss : David Rosenberg 's key themes for 2010 -- >
There 's only one bkhmer.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
UPDATE PM JANUARY 16 2010 – Jim Hansen has released a statement on his current conclusions regarding the global average surface temperature trends [ and thanks to Leonard Ornstein and Brian Toon for alerting us to this information ] .
The statement is If It ’s That Warm , How Come It ’s So Damned Cold ? by James Hansen , Reto Ruedy , Makiko Sato , Ken Lo
My comments below remain unchanged .
Readers will note that Jim Hansen does not cite or comment on any of the substantive unresolved uncertainties and systematic warm bias that we report on in our papers .
They only report on their research papers .
This is a clear example of ignoring peer reviewed studies which conflict with one ’s conclusions .
*** ORIGINAL POST ***
Thanks to Anthony Watts for alerting us to a news release by NASA GISS ( see ) which reads
“ NASA has not been involved in any manipulation of climate data used in the annual GISS global temperature analysis .
The analysis utilizes three independent data sources provided by other agencies .
Quality control checks are regularly performed on that data .
The analysis methodology as well as updates to the analysis are publicly available on our website .
The agency is confident of the quality of this data and stands by previous scientifically based conclusions regarding global temperatures . ”
( GISS temperature analysis website : http://data.giss.nasa.gov/gistemp/)” [ note : I could not find the specific url from NASA , so I welcome being sent this original source ] .
This statement perpetuates the erroneous claim that the data sources are independent [ I welcome information from GISS to justify their statement , and will post if they do ] .
This issue exists even without considering any other concerns regarding their analyses .
I have posted a number of times on my weblog with respect to the lack of independence of the surface temperature data ; e.g. see
Further Comment On The Surface Temperature Data Used In The CRU , GISS And NCDC Analyses
An Erroneous Statement Made By Phil Jones To The Media On The Independence Of The Global Surface Temperature Trend Analyses Of CRU , GISS And NCDC .
There remain also important unresolved uncertainties and systematic biases in the surface temperature data used by GISS [ and CRU and NCDC ] which we reported in the peer reviewed literature , i.e .
Pielke Sr. , R.A. , C. Davey , D. Niyogi , S. Fall , J. Steinweg - Woods , K. Hubbard , X. Lin , M. Cai , Y.- K. Lim , H. Li , J. Nielsen - Gammon , K. Gallo , R. Hale , R. Mahmood , S. Foster , R.T. McNider , and P. Blanken , 2007 : Unresolved issues with the assessment of multi-decadal global land surface temperature trends .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 112 , D24S08 , doi:10.1029/2006JD008229
with only one Comment in the literature on just two of our issues by the CRU group
Parker , D. E. , P. Jones , T. C. Peterson , and J. Kennedy , 2009 : Comment on Unresolved issues with the assessment of multidecadal global land surface temperature trends .
by Roger A. Pielke Sr. et al. , J. Geophys .
Res. , 114 , D05104 , doi:10.1029/2008JD010450
which we refuted in
Pielke Sr. , R.A. , C. Davey , D. Niyogi , S. Fall , J. Steinweg - Woods , K. Hubbard , X. Lin , M. Cai , Y.- K. Lim , H. Li , J. Nielsen - Gammon , K. Gallo , R. Hale , R. Mahmood , S. Foster , R.T. McNider , and P. Blanken , 2009 : Reply to comment by David E. Parker , Phil Jones , Thomas C. Peterson , and John Kennedy on “ Unresolved issues with the assessment of multi- decadal global land surface temperature trends .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 114 , D05105 ,
doi:10.1029/2008JD010938
with the referees agreeing with our Reply ( see reviews contained within this post ) .
The NASA GISS ( and NCDC and CRU groups ) have also not responded to the systematic warm bias that we reported in
Klotzbach , P.J. , R.A. Pielke Sr. , R.A. Pielke Jr. , J.R. Christy , and R.T. McNider , 2009 : An alternative explanation for differential temperature trends at the surface and in the lower troposphere .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 114 , D21102 , doi:10.1029/2009JD011841 .
Klotzbach , P. J. , R. A. Pielke , Sr. , R. A. Pielke , Jr. , J. R. Christy , and R. T. McNider ( 2010 ) , Correction to “ An alternative explanation for differential temperature trends at the surface and in the lower troposphere ” , J. Geophys .
Res. , 115 , D01107 , doi:10.1029/2009JD013655 .
The GISS news release is symptomatic of the continued attempt to ignore science issues in their data analysis which conflict with their statement in the press release .
This is not how the scientific process should be conducted .
We urge , based on the exposure of such type of behavior in the CRU e-mails ; i.e. see
The Crutape Letters by Steven Mosher , Thomas W. Fuller , 2010 ISBN / EAN13 : 1450512437 / 9781450512435
that the suppression of alternative viewpoints ends .
Recently , researchers have found even more positive news .
The brain , as it traverses middle age , gets better at recognizing the central idea , the big picture .
If kept in good shape , the brain can continue to build pathways that help its owner recognize patterns and , as a consequence , see significance and even solutions much faster than a young person can .
Image A really old brain — from a 19th - century textbook .
Credit ...
Illustration from iphotostock.com
The trick is finding ways to keep brain connections in good condition and to grow more of them .
“ The brain is plastic and continues to change , not in getting bigger but allowing for greater complexity and deeper understanding , ” says Kathleen Taylor , a professor at St. Mary ’s College of California , who has studied ways to teach adults effectively .
“ As adults we may not always learn quite as fast , but we are set up for this next developmental step . ”
Educators say that , for adults , one way to nudge neurons in the right direction is to challenge the very assumptions they have worked so hard to accumulate while young .
With a brain already full of well - connected pathways , adult learners should “ jiggle their synapses a bit ” by confronting thoughts that are contrary to their own , says Dr. Taylor , who is 66 .
Teaching new facts should not be the focus of adult education , she says .
Instead , continued brain development and a richer form of learning may require that you “ bump up against people and ideas ” that are different .
In a history class , that might mean reading multiple viewpoints , and then prying open brain networks by reflecting on how what was learned has changed your view of the world .
“ There ’s a place for information , ” Dr. Taylor says .
“ We need to know stuff .
But we need to move beyond that and challenge our perception of the world .
If you always hang around with those you agree with and read things that agree with what you already know , you ’re not going to wrestle with your established brain connections . ”
Such stretching is exactly what scientists say best keeps a brain in tune : get out of the comfort zone to push and nourish your brain .
Do anything from learning a foreign language to taking a different route to work .
Many years ago , I packed all of my belongings into storage and set out on a solo three - month motorcycle trip through the American West , visiting all of the major national parks .
After a couple of weeks , I noticed that I really was n’t meeting people and was getting rather desperate for conversation .
I thought I was pretty clean - cut , for a biker : short hair , minimum stubble , no visible tattoos or bones through my nose .
I was even wearing pants .
But time and time again , people would avoid sitting near me or avoid making eye - contact — even retirees and they ’ll talk to anyone .
Time and time again , people would avoid sitting near me or avoid making eye - contact .
On one occasion , a mother actually pulled her child to the other side of the street to avoid crossing my path .
Smiling or trying to start conversations did n’t seem to help .
In desperation , I even tried showering — to no avail .
I was beginning to get really depressed .
If Gilligan and the Crocodile Hunter had a love child , this is the hat he would wear .
About this time , I realized that I did n’t have a good sun hat and stopped at an over - priced camping shop in Arizona .
The only one I could find that was packable was a floppy , goofy - looking fishing hat — if Gilligan and the Crocodile Hunter had a love child , this is the hat he would wear .
My bald spot was already glowing cherry - red , so I swallowed my pride and bought it .
Imagine my surprise when a crowd of retirees surrounded me at my next stop , asking about the bike and where I was from .
I spent an hour standing in the sun and chatting happily , learning far more than I ever wanted to know about Winnebagos , diesel generators , and retirement savings plans .
My next several stops turned out the same way — everyone I saw had owned a bike at one time or wished they could make a trip like mine .
A couple of people asked if they could take photos of their child sitting on the bike .
I was suddenly the most popular guy around .
What had changed ?
A black motorcycle jacket paired with a floppy fishing hat looked so utterly ridiculous that no one could possibly think I was dangerous .
After awhile , I figured it out : it was the hat .
A black motorcycle jacket paired with a floppy fishing hat looked so utterly ridiculous that no one could possibly think I was dangerous .
It made me approachable .
I tested my theory and it worked every time .
If I wanted solitude , I would leave the hat in my bag .
Feeling social ?
Out came the Friendly Hat .
It was like magic .
Have you had a similar experience ?
What was your version of the Friendly Hat ?
FRZP39VEHENG
My missus always fancied Bouldie … February 18 , 2010
Came the response from our legendary captain , Tony Alexander Adams , following a question from a member of the audience .
The question actually read …
Who would you choose to play alongside you in a dream Arsenal side , Steve Bould or Thomas Vermalen ?
Big
Tone then burst into an impromptu ( and thoroughly hillarious ) about the beautiful colour of Bouldie ’s eyes , and how his wife had her eye on him from the early days .
Eventually …
Tone told us he would choose Bouldie by a country mile .
The media room at the Emirates , on the afternoon of the Porto away day in the Champions League 2nd Round , held the inaugural filming of a new Arsenal TV Online show entitled “ An Audience with ”
Arsenal legends of yester year will be wheeled out in front of a luckily selected audience of gooners , who will come prepared with questions to ask the former great .
They started at the very top of the pile with the first legend , they will be working their way down the list for future episodes .
So , I get to the media entrance , next door to the Armoury Shop , at around half one .
Show the sexy young thing at reception my confirmation email … she ticks my name off her list , and asks me to follow the path down the corridor where refreshments are being served .
Darn , just spent a few quid in the Little Wonder Cafe over the road !
I walk into the waiting area outside the media / press conference room where filming is to take place , roughly 60 other fortunate gooners are sat / standing around supping Coffees and Tea ’s , munching biscuits … each and every one of them looking like 5 yr olds on Christmas morning .
I swiftly make my way towards the toilets at the far end of the room , desperate to spend a penny … only a disabled toilet was available ( yes very funny , and very apt … i’m sure ) so I walk in and do the business … and rush to get back out upon hearing voices directly outside the locked door .
I turn the lock , open the door … and am presented with Mr Tom Watt and Mr Tony Adams having a natter right outside … they look me up and down … then old Lofty breaks out in “ there you go tone , have a quick leak in there ”
We all get seated in the steeped media room , the production guys give out some rules .. mobiles off , no flash photos etc
Tom Watt appears at the front of the room and introduces the agenda for the rest of the afternoon , then calls out Big Tone who receives rapturous applause , he takes his seat alongside TW … let the games begin .
Right , the questions kick off ( incidentally the programme should be ready to air on ATVO from next week ) and what is clear from the offset is Tone loves to go off on a tangent .
The number of times he went into a rant , off topic , and then asked Lofty “ what was the question again ? ” was hysterical , and had the room in fits of laughter .
One of the first questions focused in on the managerial nuances of both Arsene Wenger and George Graham … they were gigantic according to TA6 .
A quick dodgy Scottish accented impression of the stroller was followed by incredible praise .
He described GG as a man who had learnt a lot off Terry Venables , they had done their badges together and worked at QPR together and stayed close to one another .
GG was a workaholic , tactically astute , a hardcore disciplinarian and prepared for every game with intense and minute detail …
TA6 really did go into a long speech extolling the virtues of GG ’s tenure as Arsenal gaffer .
Tony then went on to discuss
Wenger in a slightly different tone , less excitement , but still very respectful .
AW was a man who just let players play , he never told them how to kick , head or do whatever aside from “ just go out and play with freedom ”
I sensed there and then that he had a bee in his bonnet with Le Boss !
He then burst into another impromptu story about an incident between Wenger and Graham at the funeral of an Arsenal staff member a couple of years ago .
It got heated , they were at loggerheads about the way Arsenal play under Wenger .
GG apparently argued they were too open and easy to attack , whilst Wenger argued the great Arsenal of the early 90’s should have been beating teams out of sight with the quality they had and not resting on hard - fought one nils ( to the ars - e - nal )
A member of the audience asked why Tony had not come back to work for the club in a coaching role …
TA6 got VERY animated and screamed “ here i am , take me , i love this club , i want to work for this club in any capacity , i can add value to this club ”
He then went on to state Wenger is loyal and wo n’t change his team , he wo n’t allow newcomers to join his motley crew is what TA6 suggested in a round about kind of way .. and he looked very gutted about this .
I can understand this .
Arsenal are his club , and he wants back in .
Adams continued by telling us he had total belief in himself , he always did as a player .. and he stated his tremendous belief in his coaching abilities … if he did n’t believe he could add value and succeed as a coach / manager he would not bother trying to work his way up the managerial ladder .
He was adamant he would succeed at the top - level in management .
Tony was asked to discuss the best Arsenal team he had played in , he evaded this question in a way .. but answered it by going off on a tangent and discussing a pre-xmas lunch he had with Patrick Vieria last year .
He stated they both agreed that following the 97/98 double success , that squad massively under achieved for a few seasons considering the wealth of talent that composed it .
Apparently Parma could still be playing up till today .. and they still would not have scored past the Arsenal defence during that final in Copenhagen back in 94 .
When asked about how he felt when his name was cheered by the crowd during games .. he told a wonderful story about Paul Mariner .
During a cup tie in the early eighties ( I ’d guess circa 83 ) at Shite Hart Lane , Don Howe selected Mariner to play as a Centre Half following injuries to the first choice CB ’s… TA6 said he was gutted that a centre forward was played in his position .. but that quickly changed as Mariner put in an awe - inspiring performance clearing every ball in the air , that helped the side to a clean sheet and a win against the old enemy .
He recalled the vociferous gooners chanting for Mariner following the game … and that was when the dream started for him to attain the same kind of adulation from the fans .
He then rejoiced in describing the wonderful support he got from the Highbury faithful over his 20 odd years service for The Arsenal .
There were plenty of other questions , ca n’t recall them all … and a plethora of jokes and laughter filled the room .
However the afternoon ended for me on a low point .
The final question posed asked for Big Tone ’s view on the current team … he quickly stated they would win nothing !
It was ok for Barcelona to play this kind of football in La Liga , but you cannot win a Premiership with it .
On a final note his damning indictement of the current Wengerball side was “ they play wonderful football … but … i’m a winner ! ”
There was no need for him to expand upon that statement .
A wonderful afternoon ended on a sombre note for me personally … as I have not given up on this team … there is something there !
Injuries have ravaged us , terrible individual errors have blighted parts of the season , pathetic referee decisions have gone against us …yet we fight on , a mere 6 points off the summit of the Premiership .
I was just as frustrated as every other die - hard gooner following the defeats to Manure and Chelski … but we have to dig in , we just have to get behind em .
We have to because we support our club through thick and thin… and let me tell you , no way is this period in our history anywhere near as thin as some would love to have you believe .
Namely the gutter press and Nuevo goons .
This story was first published on Alternet.org
California ’s Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein showed Californians who she really serves this past Thursday , when news emerged that she was trying to ram through a massive transfer of precious water out of the hands of millions of state residents , and into the private pockets of a clique of billionaire corporate farmers .
Here ’s how the San Francisco Chronicle described the swindle :
Feinstein wants to attach the proposal as an amendment to a fast - tracked Senate jobs bill .
She is pitching the plan as a jobs measure to address the economic calamity in the Central Valley .
It would increase farm water allocations from 10 percent last year to 40 percent this year and next , an amount that farmers say is the bare minimum they need .
Bay Area Democrats were livid , accusing Feinstein of concocting the plan in secret , upending fragile water negotiations that Feinstein has supported and pitting California ’s Central Valley against its coast .
According to McClatchy , the amendment had been around for some time , and had already gone through numerous drafts when it was discovered .
They were right to be upset .
The water transfer would decimate Northern California ’s already fragile ecosystem , threaten endangered species of fish and decrease its scarce drinking water supply .
Water is a sacred issue in California that one day will surely lead to a North - South showdown that could get ugly .
Any major change in the state ’s water policy is so fraught with danger and consequences , that it makes negotiations over how to divide it a long and difficult process .
In our imperfect democratic system , this is how we resolve the most difficult problems we face , when different communities have so much at stake .
Feinstein apparently decided that democracy was n’t in her interests–or the interests of the rich corporate farmers she serves–so she is trying to circumvent the whole process by sneaking through legislation before anyone can figure it out .
For Californians , it was an act of treason , putting the interests of Big Agro above the needs of millions of people who think she represents them .
Feinstein was born and raised in San Francisco , where she rose to political prominence ; now , she ’s screwing her hometown region most of all .
Rep. George Miller , D - Martinez , attacked Feinstein ’s move : “ Best I can see , she ’s making a decision that jobs in the Bay Area and Northern California and the Peninsula south of San Francisco are n’t as important as jobs in the Central Valley [ which has a fraction of the Bay Area ’s population ] . ”
Feinstein ’s sneakiness has something to do with serving Stewart Resnick , a Beverly Hills billionaire and one of the richest men in California .
Resnick owns Fiji Water , Pom Wonderful , pesticide manufacturer Suterra and Paramount Agribusiness , the largest farming company in America and the largest pistachio and almond producer in the world .
Resnick is also the brain behind a little - known water privatization scheme that brought Enron - style deregulation and privatization to California ’s water market and made him one of the largest , if not the largest , private water brokers in America .
He also happens to be friend and major contributor to Feinstein ’s political career .
Lately he ’s been putting pressure on the Senator to badger the Obama administration into loosening environmental regulations and releasing more water to California ’s farmers .
Feinstein complied , even handing a letter written by Resnick directly over to the White House .
News of this sleazy influence - peddling sparked a closer look at Feinstein ’s dealings with Resnick :
Wealthy corporate farmer Stewart Resnick has written check after check to U.S. Sen.
Dianne Feinstein ’s political campaigns .
He ’s hosted a party in her honor at his Beverly Hills mansion , and he ’s entertained her at his second home in Aspen .
And in September , when Resnick asked Feinstein to weigh in on the side of agribusiness in a drought - fueled environmental dispute over the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta , this wealthy grower and political donor got quick results , documents show .
Thanks to his generous relationship with Dianne Feinstein , a corporate farmer is successfully crusading against environmental preservation in California .
Feinstein was n’t bothered a bit by the negative press .
Anyone who followed her senate career knows she is the queen of insider relationships , marrying politics with big business , it ’s something that comes naturally to a hard - hearted career politician married into the world of ruthless businessmen , bankers and corporate sharks .
Her husband of 30 years , Richard Blum , is a classic cutthroat corporate raider who made billions in hostile takeovers , buying up companies , then stripping and selling off their assets and skipping away with the profits .
Blum kept some infamous company , including junk bond conman Michael Milken , who was jailed for his crime .
Blum has been the subject of several media investigations into how he has profited handsomely from his wife ’s political power .
In one of the scandals , Feinstein created a law that happened to steer a lot of easy taxpayer money toward her husband ’s business :
On the day the new Congress convened this year , Sen .
Dianne Feinstein introduced legislation to route $ 25 billion in taxpayer money to a government agency that had just awarded her husband ’s real estate firm a lucrative contract to sell foreclosed properties at compensation rates higher than the industry norms .
Then there was an even bigger scandal linking Feinstein to war profiteering in Iraq :
As chairperson and ranking member of the Military Construction Appropriations subcommittee from 2001 through the end of 2005 , Feinstein supervised the appropriation of billions of dollars a year for specific military construction projects .
Two defense contractors whose interests were largely controlled by her husband , financier Richard C. Blum , benefited from decisions made by Feinstein as leader of this powerful subcommittee .
A crooked politician like Feinstein prefers doing deals like this out of the public eye , just like her corporate raider husband , so her attempt to secretly force through an unpopular law onto her constituency is just business as usual .
Republicans sneer at her for being a San Francisco liberal , but her actual record shows that she ’s about as much a liberal as Paul Bremer , privatizing by the closest thing to a decree , while talking up democracy .
What ’s good for the people does not matter .
It ’s all about stripping public wealth and privatizing state assets for maximum profit — so long as it goes to her husband ’s friends .
And she ’s becoming more brazen , fleecing us right out in the open with no fear of repercussion .
Why should she care ?
It ’s not like California ’s voters have the power not to reelect her .
This story was first published on Alternet.org
Yasha Levine is a mobile home inhabitin’ editor of The eXiled .
He is currently stationed in Victorville , CA .
You can reach him at levine [ at ] exiledonline.com
A drunk Jersey cop whose speeding car mowed down a beautiful aspiring lawyer in the Financial District last year was sentenced today to serve at least 3 and a half years prison .
Family members of Martin Abreu , a 26 - year - old cop from Jersey City , broke into mournful sobs as he was led off to prison .
He ’ll be eligible for parole in 3 and a half years , and will serve a maximum of ten and a half .
Abreu , was off - duty last February , when he plowed into Marilyn Huang Feng , and her hedge - fund analyst boyfriend on West Street .
The couple were both 26 years old at the time , and had been walking home after a tango lesson .
“ There ’s not a day that goes by that I do not wish I could trade my life ” for Feng ’s , Abreu told the judge .
The boyfriend , Dennis Loffredo , suffered a shattered leg and the loss of “ the love of his life , ” said the prosecutor , William Beesch .
Feng was also treasured by her parents in China , for whom she was an only child as mandated by government policy .
“ The pain of losing our only child will never go away , ” the parents , who could not attend the sentencing , said in a statement Beesch read aloud .
Abreu had a blood alcohol level of .124 , well above the legal limit of .08 , and witnesses said he was going more than twice the speed limit .
“ I just do n’t understand how people do it , ” Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Charles Solomon said of drunk driving , noting that this tragedy was “ especially troubling because the defendant is a police officer , sworn to uphold the law . ”
Google ’s taking umbrage over Chinese cyberattacks has security experts talking about just how vast and rich the world of cyber espionage has quietly become .
“ It is n’t just China , ” says Matt Moynahan CEO of applications security firm Veracode .
“ They are the most aggressive .
But all large governments are doing this , as are organized non-government actors . ”
Indeed , China , Russia , North Korea , Iran , Israel , France , the United States and the United Kingdom are widely known to possess state - of - the - art cyber espionage know - how which is put to use gatheringÃ‚Â economic and military intelligence .
Details of covert cyber - ops get discussed at numerous conferences attended by military brass , federal regulators , law enforcement officials , privacy advocates and tech security analysts .
“ The consensus discussion is that everybody is busy spying on everybody else , ” says Jody Westby , CEO of consulting firm Global Cyber Risk and a distinguished fellow at the Carnegie Mellon CyLab think tank .
Ã‚Â “ These countries are doing it to us , but we ’re also doing it to them . ”
With little fanfare , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , underscored as much on 24Jun2009 .
Gates stood up a new Department of Defense subcommand focused on cybersecurity under the U.S. Strategic Command .
“ This is about trying to figure out how we , within this department , within the United States military , can better coordinate the day - to - day defense , protection and operation of the department ’s computer networks , ” Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell told reporters at the time .
And last month , on 22Dec2009 , when many of us were doing last minute gift shopping , President Obama named Howard Schmidt to the newly created post of White House cybersecurity adviser .
Schmidt ’s assignment : coordinate economic and military cybersecurity policy .
Schmidt , former Microsoft exec and Bush Administration appointee , is the cyber czar Obama said he would name in a watershed 29 M ay2009 speech .
He is the linchpin personnel piece to Obama ’s plan for taking a leadership role in making the Internet safer .
Cyber black - ops
The cyber -espionage slice of the Internet underground traces its beginnings back to 1993 when the Russians first began developing black - ops teams to concentrate on intelligence gathering using the Internet , says Alan Paller , managing director of The Sans Institute think tank .
China was fully into cyber - spying by 2003 when a Chinese black - ops team , designated Titan Rain , roamed deep inside U.S. Department of Defense networks .
By 2006 , corporations in the U.S. and Europe were heavily infiltrated by China and other nation - states , says Paller .
A watershed warning came in December 2007 .
Jonathan Evans , Britain ’s Director - General of MI5 , cautioned 300 senior execs to guard against Internet assaults from “ Chinese state organizations . ”
Such attacks ,
Evans warned , are designed to “ defeat best - practice IT security systems . ”
Evans said at the time ” ‘ If you ’re doing business in China , your company ’s network and your company ’s lawyer ’s network are very likely being penetrated , ’ ” says Paller .
Cyber - intruders today routinely go after corporations , their law firms — and even their public relations firms , according to an Evans - like warning issued by the FBI last November .
“ They ’re after the corporate playbook , ” says Paller .
Google ’s patience runs out in 4 years
It took Google this week threatening to pull the plug on its China operations , to shed a brightÃ‚Â light on the rising collateral damage caused by unchecked cyber espionage – Ã ‚Â forÃ‚Â economic and military strategic gain .
Since agreeing to submit to China ’s censors in exchange for opening a beachhead office in Beijing in January 2006 , Ã‚Â Google CEO Eric Schmidt has stated on numerous occasions , as recently as October , 2009 : Ã‚Â “ China has 5,000 years of history , Google has 5,000 years of patience . ”
In Chinese culture , the numbers five , eight and nine are auspicious .
The number four is associated with death and considered extremely unlucky .
On Tuesday , 12Jan2010 , Ã‚Â after just four years in Beijing , Ã‚Â Google ’s patience died .
Ã‚Â Citing irritation over cyberattacks it loosely linked to censorship dictates , the search giant said it will no longer adhere to censorship rules as they stood .
Google chief legal counsel David Drummond issued a press release withÃ‚Â details about how Google got hacked and why its patience had run out :
In mid-December , we detected a highly sophisticated and targeted attack on our corporate infrastructure originating from China that resulted in the theft of intellectual property from Google .
However , it soon became clear that what at first appeared to be solely a security incident–albeit a significant one –was something quite different .
Ã‚Â First , this attack was not just on Google .
As part of our investigation we have discovered that at least twenty other large companies from a wide range of businesses . . . Ã‚Â Ã‚Â Second , we have evidence to suggest that a primary goal of the attackers was accessing the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists …
… These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered –combined with the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web–have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China .
We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results … over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law , if at all .
We recognize that this may well mean having to shut down Google.cn , and potentially our offices in China .
The power of ‘ no mas ’
Google had steppedÃ‚Â forward and madeÃ‚Â the same choice boxer Roberto Duran made , when Duran could tolerate no more elusive footwork and peppering blows from Sugar Ray Leonard .
ThisÃ‚Â seemed to give permission for other Western companies to speak up .
Subsequently , Adobe , Northrup and Juniper came forward to disclose that they , too , were similarly targeted and breached by presumed Chinese attackers .
Then on Thursday , 14Jan2010 , security firm McAfee contacted LastWatchdog with information that several of its customers had been likewiseÃ‚Â hit .
McAfee CTO George Kurtz told me hisÃ‚Â researchers had isolated a sample of the attack sequence and malicious codes used .
According to Kurtz , the attackers began by sending emails and instant messages personally addressed to senior technical managers , enticing them to click on a corrupted Web page link .
Clicking on the link activated a freshly - discovered security hole in Internet Explorer web browser , which Microsoft embeds on all Windows PCs .
Through this hole the attackers installed a program that allowed them toÃ‚Â take control of the PC .
They thenÃ‚Â “ began probing the network for high value intellectual property , ” says Kurtz .
Extracted data was sent to servers hosted by Rackspace , a San Antonio , Tex , web hosting company , and then transferred again to other servers .
This type of hybrid attack was n’t at all innovative , nor was the attackers ’ use of a security hole that exists in all versions of Microsoft ’s Internet Explorer Web browser .
This is referred to as a zero - day vulnerability .
Microsoft has patched hundreds of zero - day vulnerabilities since 2004 .
The software giant said Thursday it has begun work on a patch for the latest zero - day — the one intruders used to extract data from Google .
There ’s a constant flow of fresh zero - days because computer code is complex .
Researchers , known as Whitehats , continually flush them out so they can be patched .
Meanwhile , bad guy programmers , called Blackhats , do the same to sell them to cyber - intruders — for up to $ 100,000 , according to Moynahan — who use them to steal data before any patches exist .
While their methodology was ordinary , the tools and techniques used by the cyberspies who breached its customers ’ networksÃ‚Â were no amateurs .
“ It was n’t a 13 - year - old king who pounded out a quick Trojan , ” says Kurtz .
“ There were no corners cut in targeting these specific companies and in escaping detection as long as possible .
CYBERsitter ’s intellectual property stolen , its law firm targeted
At roughly the same timeÃ‚Â McAfee ’s researchers were reverse engineering the Google attack , a live case of Chinese hackers going after a law firms unfolded in Los Angeles .
Gregory Fayer , Ã‚Â a lawyer at L.A. firm Gipson Hoffman & Pancione received an obviously faked email purporting to come from his managing partner .
Fayer told LastWatchdog thatÃ‚Â more than a dozen employees at the firm had received similar faked e-mail messages on Monday , 11Jan2010 .
A week earlier , Fayer had filed a $ 2.2 billion lawsuit against China on behalf of Santa Barbara - based CYBERsitter , maker of a Web browser filter parents buy to keep their kids off porn sites .
The lawsuit accused China of copying CYBERsitter ’s proprietary program and using it lock , stock and barrell in a misguided Ã‚Â state - sponsored child - protection censorship service , called Green Dam .
“ The Trojan emails were located within China — the ISP routing shows there was a Chinese source , ” says Fayer . ” I ’m not sure I can say a lot beyond that .
We feel reasonably confident at this point that there was a connection with China . ”
By Byron Acohido
January 15th , 2010 | Imminent threats | Obama watch
One way I ’ve found to cut down on support requests is to make sure I write publicly about any issue that keeps coming up for my customers .
Other small companies contact me for advice fairly frequently , and that also tends to retread the same issues , so I ’m going to blog it in depth once rather than giving fifteen people 30 % of my thoughts on the same issue .
One common issue is “ How do I improve our SEO ? ”
Strategy as opposed to tactics : SEO has a lot of opportunities for micro-optimizations in it , from rewriting title tags to dynamically interlinking content pages .
They ’re all interesting subjects and I ’m not going to talk about them .
If you do n’t feel comfortable in your meat & potatoes SEO yet , head on over to SEOBook or SEOMoz .
Both are excellent resources .
I ’m going to focus on core decisions you make about your business and marketing approaches rather than page - level optimization .
Why Startup SEO Is Different
Essentially every business on the Internet from multi-billion dollar giants like Bank of America down to a one - man software business is dependent on SEO , because Google has become the primary navigation tool for the Internet .
( I suppose I could write “ search engines ” but I feel no particular need to maintain the polite fiction that there is more than one search engine in the United States . )
SEO for a small business is very different than it is for Bank of America .
Limited budgets : Startups cannot devote huge amounts to advertising , branding campaigns , or link acquisition .
( Paying for links will theoretically draw the wrath of Google to you .
In practice , once you ’re above a certain size , you ’re immune .
If you ’re reading this article , you do not have immunity . )
Low domain strength / trust : Google tends to trust older domains , domains with lots of links , and domains with lots of older links .
All of these are signals of what one might call trust : the longer you ’ve been on the Internet and the more people who asserted your quality by linking to you , the less likely you are to be a useless spammer .
However , if you just registered your domain last Tuesday , Google has a priori no reason to trust you over the other billion pages on the Internet .
Cultural aversion to SEO :
There is a pernicious myth among startups that SEO is a black art aimed at perverting the purity of the search results .
This is partially because search engine spam is indeed a problem and partially because Google is very good at influencing the culture of technically adept people , and it is in Google ’s best interest to make people think that their algorithms are the authoritative voice of God .
( Google , for all its image as an open company with significant OSS contributions yadda yadda yadda guards their index and algorithms with a ferocity that would do Microsoft credit . )
Algorithms have no moral status .
If your engineering team sorts records using an n^2 sorting algorithm , then tells you that they did it because the sorting has always been n^2 and therefore this is the Morally Correct Way To Sort , you need to whack your engineering team over the head and tell them to do better .
Similarly , your SEO strategy is simply the input you provide Google ’s black - box algorithm which sorts search results : just because it is ineffective does not mean it is the Morally Correct Way To Sort .
A related worry is that SEO hurts the user experience .
It certainly does n’t have to — a good deal of SEO is about creating stuff your users want to use , surfacing content in a way that is understandable to them , and not breaking your site ’s usability when seen from the primary Internet navigation method ( Google ) .
I would n’t advocate black hat methods : the black hatters are better than you are at them , and if you use them you ’re in a constant arms race with Google ( who has billions of dollars , thousands of sharp engineers , and the peaceful conflict resolution skills of Darth Vader ) when as a startup you ’re already biting off more than you can chew .
Why Startup SEO Is Better
On the plus side , you do have some advantages as a startup :
Strong Technical Skills : I ’m a moderator in charge of programming topics at SEOBook and we get an awful lot of nuts and bolts questions like “ How do I edit a title tag ? ” or “ How do I do a 301 redirect in Apache ? ”
Thankfully , since you presumably have programmers who know what they ’re doing , you ’ll never need to ask either of those .
In addition , you can program tools and content to improve your marketing , including SEO .
We ’ll discuss specifics in a moment .
Link Richness : SEO is , at competitive levels , mostly about link acquisition .
It is very difficult to get a link without paying for it in many sectors of the information economy .
For example , while there is probably a thriving micro-community of online taxidermists , they probably control relatively few links compared to their numbers .
However , if you ’re a startup , you probably hang out on Hacker News or similar where the blogs - to - person ratio is 6.3 , a new useful bit of OSS can make news in four continents on the first day , and online interaction forms a substantial portion of the personal and professional identities of your peers .
There are pluses and minuses to this : a lot of people overadapt to the fickle preferences of TechCrunch et al .
That reminds me of dodgeball in fourth grade except there are 100,000 kids and it is mathematically possible for all of them to be picked last .
Appealing to your peers ca n’t be your only marketing strategy .
However , it is helpful for when you ’re making a cold start , to help get the link to rankings snowball running .
One business which did this very well is Balsamiq , which sent letters to blogs big and small to get coverage .
Steal Peldi ’s approach to writing them : it is aboveboard and works .
Strategic SEO Objectives
Ideally speaking , well prior to launch you should figure out exactly what you hope to get for from SEO .
“ Rankings ” is not an acceptable answer .
Neither is “ visitors ” .
I could get your startup ranked for [ fried squirrels with wasabi ] by the end of the day , but unless you ’re selling a book of very eclectic recipes that probably wo n’t do you much good .
If you ’re selling display advertising , coating every search result under the sun might actually work for you .
( Display advertising is , essentially , search advertising ’s less talented brother : it is essentially a second bite at the apple for advertisers to get a click when users avoided the AdWords ads on Google .
I have deep , deep doubts about the sustainability of display advertising as a business model . )
If on the other hand you ’re trying to get users or sales for your application , you have to balance the needs of your SEO operation with the need to convert users .
For example , your homepage will almost invariably be the strongest page on your site .
It probably has to be conversion - oriented rather than conversation - oriented .
However , outside of the home page , conversion - oriented pages do n’t attract links that frequently .
Almost nobody blogs “ Hey guys , I saw an awesome sales letter today , check it out ” and if they do you probably do n’t want their attention anyhow .
So your SEO strategy is likely going to involve a mix : non-commercial offerings designed purely to solicit links / attention , semi-commercial scalable content generation which we ’ll talk about in a minute , and sales funnels supported by the rest of your website .
Aiming at a moving target :
The first cut of your SEO strategy will be wrong , just like v1.0 of your product will be non-responsive to the needs of your users .
That is OK : after you start you ’ll begin collecting insights and data which let you refine it .
You want to get something out the door as soon as possible so that you can begin collecting links , other indicia of trust , and data on what is working for you .
Many startups wait until launch to put a significant amount of content on their websites .
This is almost always a mistake .
If you ca n’t show the application yet , no problem , talk about the problem domain .
Talk about the needs of your customers .
The “ media launch ” where Steve Jobs comes down and presents the iCommandments works very well if you have a built - in base of millions of radical fans and a PR budget which could buy Chile .
If you ’re reading this , that probably does n’t apply to you .
Google is going to hate your bones when your website first debuts onto the world stage : start that clock ticking as soon as possible .
There is no Google sandbox :
If you ’re well read about SEO you ’ve probably heard about the “ Google sandbox ” , where sites languish for months or years prior to ranking .
There is no Google sandbox per se : a site does n’t magically jump from zero to hero because it is 180 days old .
Google can find sites within minutes of them appearing on the Internet and rank them inside of an hour if Google has sufficient reason to .
The sandbox is the perceived reality , though , because from a cold start it takes a while to build up symbols of trust , such as links from trustworthy domains .
All the more reason to get started early .
SEO Is A Feedback Loop
Sites tend to built self - reinforcing authority : the site at the top of the rankings for teddy bears ( almost certainly Wikipedia , I can tell you without looking ) is the first people go for teddy bears and the most likely to collect another citation when someone is writing about teddy bears .
That will help that site rank for teddy bears and everything else in the future .
In this sense , winners win in SEO .
What does that mean for you ?
Well , if your startup does designer teddy bears , Wikipedia has a built - in advantage over you for ranking for [ teddy bears ] and that advantage gets stronger with each passing day .
However , all is not lost : by moving further down the long tail of search terms , you too can benefit from self - reinforcing authority .
If you ’re the best place on the Internet to go for [ kimono teddy bears ] , your site will get stronger each passing day just by virtue of that .
If you ’ve done much conversion optimization this should not be a big surprise to you , but things at the top of a page get clicked much more than things lower on the page , all else being equal .
This is equally true of search results : when AOL released its data , the top result got over 40 % of the clicks , the second result 11.9 % , etc .
The entire second page , by comparison , got only 10 % .
SEO is a winners take most game : for a given search term , the vast majority of the benefits flow to the handful of sites at the top of the first page .
What does this mean to you ?
It means focus on search terms you can win .
You will not prevail against the likes of Microsoft , Google , et al for head keywords in most circumstances , unless your product becomes synonymous with the niche .
( A head search term is at the popular end of the search frequency distribution , as opposed to on the long tail .
This is completely relative : [ money ] is a head term relative to [ bingo cards ] , and [ bingo cards ] is a head term in the bingo niche relative to [ valentines day bingo ] .
Incidentally , I ca n’t recommend The Long Tail enough for anyone interested in SEO .
If you ’ve been on the Internet the last few years you ’re probably sick to death of it and have read the ( accurate ) criticisms of conclusions about books and music being overstated .
However , no single book will improve your thinking on SEO as much as The Long Tail will .
( In particular , read up on tails within tails . )
For the amount of effort it would take you to rank # 12 for the head term of your choice , which will result in marginal traffic even if the head is huge , you could rank in the top three for a huge basket of tail terms .
Additionally , one of the things you ’ll notice is that conversion rates for head terms are terrible .
People searching for the terms on the head are either just beginning their research into a topic or are less sophisticated .
Generally , those are not the searchers you want .
Longer , specific queries are more common among people who have done the research and are nearing a purchasing decision .
Here ’s an example for you : for the last several years I ’ve ranked on the first page for [ bingo cards ] most of the time .
At the moment I ’m probably , oh , eightish or so .
That was worth about 6,300 visits in 2009 .
That resulted in three purchases of my software , for a value per visitor of a bit more than a penny .
Wheeeee .
By comparison , [ free bingo cards ] gets less than a fifth as much traffic , according to Google ’s keyword tool .
However , the 1,200 visitors there also bought 3 copies .
( If that you did n’t expect people explicitly looking for free things to convert at five times the rate of undifferentiated searchers , welcome to the Internet .
Nothing makes sense except the data you collect .
Get something out there so today so you can find which 90 % of everything you know is wrong . )
Now if we go waaaay down the tail to [ geography bingo ] , we find that despite it having fairly few searchers ( I only got about 300 hits visits year from it ) , it is quite lucrative ( $ 70 CPM ) .
I could spend my entire life working in bingo and never be # 1 for [ bingo cards ] , but for a non-competitive tail term like [ geography bingo ] , I ’m # 1 by virtue of showing up .
Sadly , a lot of startups of my acquaintance are so focused on the product that they do n’t bother showing up for the topics that matter to their customers .
I wo n’t pick on anybody in particular ( sidenote : write “ Its OK to mention this conversation publicly ” on an email to me and you might get a backlink when I need an illustrative example , like here ) , but it is very common for startups to launch with less than 1,000 words of text on their website and all the content behind the sign in screen .
That essentially cedes the long tail to your competitors .
Thus , my generic SEO strategy for a startup is a ) be the best on the Internet for b ) as many topics as you possibly can be that c ) matter to your paying customers .
Making SEO Scale
Everything about a startup has to scale ridiculously disproportionately to the time invested in it , because you have too much to do and not enough people to do it with .
Some people say this is why you have to work 80 ~ 100 hour weeks .
If I worked 100 hour weeks , Scholastic Publishing would still be able to afford to devote a thousand man-hours for every one I can , if they chose to .
Your only hope for rising above the din on the Internet is to work smarter than your competitors .
Happily , your small size , technical skill , and agility let you run rings around the other guys .
One way is through scalable content generation .
Content in SEO is sort of a dirty word .
It can mean anything your users can consume : text , video , whatever .
Sadly , when people talk about content they are mostly talking about commoditized garbage , because the quality levels of content produced at scale are generally terrible , as you ’re about to see .
There are about four approaches for creating content at Internet scale :
User - generated content .
Strategies centering around user generated content really devolve into two things : one , you hope people will steal hand - crafted content from elsewhere and put it on your site while you look the other way long enough to build traction ( hello , Youtube , Scribd , etc ) and two , you generate vast amounts of mostly excruciatingly worthless content which happens to match an equally vast amount of search terms .
Then , you sell display advertising against the visits for those searches .
This is essentially the business model for WordPress — give a blog to anybody who asks for one , display AdSense ads to folks who arrive on old posts via Google .
The ads give them the answers the content could not .
I do n’t mean to malign user - generated content too much .
Sturgeon ’s
Law says that 90 % of everything is garbage , which implies that 10 % is not .
However , it is very difficult to use that 10 % that is not garbage to advance your business goals , because it is not conversion - oriented and your advertisers do n’t pay premium CPM rates just because the page the user landed on is worthwhile .
( Actually , in practice it tends to work out the other way around : if the page the user lands on is worthwhile , it will likely satisfy their desire , and economic value from that searcher ends .
That means low CTRs to ads and , accordingly , low CPMs .
If on the other hand the page is useless , then they might click on an AdSense link to continue the search .
This is the perverse incentive by which advertisers pay to make the Internet a mass of garbage . )
Mass Semi-Amateur Content Creation : The Demand Media model is capturing quite a bit of attention these days : take an authority domain like eHow , use sophisticated algorithms to generate article ideas for it , pay an army of underemployed freelancers miniscule wages to write uninspired content about the suggested titles , collect hundreds of millions in AdSense revenue .
The quality of Demand Media ( et al ) content is a cut above Youtube comments , but not by all that much .
I do n’t really recommend implementing this model for startups .
First of all , I think Google is going to have to crush it like a bug in the next 12 months , because currently it is a license to print money and is polluting far too much of the search space .
Second , the amount of sophistication it requires is considerable , and while I think that is probably duplicable for a startup ( particularly if you used something like TextBroker to automate dealing with the freelancer army )
I think you ’re better off with your engineering investments in more defensible places .
That being said , study this model and study it well : they ’ve got a tight analytics - to - pipeline loop , they ’ve got almost everything automated , and their margins are out of this world .
There is no reason you ca n’t do those things while producing great content by taking advantage of focus and engineering ability that Demand Media cannot devote to every microniche they want to expand into .
DemandMedia can saturate the world in How To questions but will never be able to outpublish me for bingo cards , because they will never detail someone to write a CMS to let their freelance army make those easily .
Talented expert workers :
You can have all of your website content created by talented artisans who laboriously polish every bit to perfection .
For example , you could write every page by hand yourself , or hire a team of journalists to do it for you .
Have you seen the financial results for the New York Times recently ?
Still want to do this except without the 200 year old megabrand ?
Good , moving on .
Scalable Content Creation That Works
So how are you going to create large amounts of content that satisfies needs for your users while still advancing your business needs and not being garbage ?
You leverage the unfair advantages that you have because you ’re the smallest guy in the room .
Data You Ca n’t Get Anywhere Else :
If you hang out around geeks who ca n’t get dates , you ’ve seen a series of posts by OKCupid on topics such as how your race affects responses in online dating .
This is brilliantly done linkbait : it takes a huge amount of proprietary data ( OKCupid response analytics ) and exposes it in such a way that it is interesting ( “ Whoa , the very hottest women really do get hit on less than than you would expect “ ) , easily consumable ( “ Whoa , this pretty picture demonstrates that black guys have it hard when dating . ” ) , and easily shareable ( “ Guys , I found scientific proof of why we need to take our shirts off ! ” )
If you ’re J. Random Dating Affiliate , you ca n’t possibly duplicate that linkbait .
OKCupid can do it over and over and over again , though : they ’ve written the analytics tools , they ’ve figured out how to do the research and visualizations , all they need to do is come up with a new hook and bam they ’re at the top of the social news sites collecting links again .
If you do n’t have interesting data , you should start collecting interesting data .
However , in the meanwhile you can start visualizing or crunching existing data .
This is less defensible — anybody can go to the Census and get a few gigs of various poorly conceived slices to fill their hard drive — but you can add a whole lot of value in less time than you think with some SQL , your graph library of choice , and a well - written executive summary .
One of the few bright points for the New York Times is that they ’re capable of doing things like this , for example .
You could have done that .
If you were in the job board industry , you could do something like that every Friday afternoon , by using open source , agile development , and all that jazz .
Pretty soon you ’ll be cited as an authority on the subject — because , ahem , someone who publishes repeated analyses of raw data is an authority on the subject ( or at least appears to be , which is 90 % of what matters on the Internet , for better or worse ) .
Focus on evergreen content : A lot of people like blogs as content generation engines , and indeed , I think every startup should probably have a blog .
Then people blog on current events .
Bad call !
You see , today ’s news is worth reading for about a day — less , in some sectors of the economy .
You ’re a hamster on a wheel if you ’re trying to keep up with the news — tomorrow , everything you write today is worth markedly less , and a week from now it will be almost totally forgotten .
Instead , pick the concerns of your audience that are roughly static and that will be pretty much the same next week , next month , next decade .
Alternatively , create resources that do n’t go stale .
For example , for a bit of extra work that NYT visualization above could use live data , and instead of being a wonderful piece of technology becoming quickly irrelevant to a story from years ago , it could be a hub for the enduring issue of Racial Difference In America .
The NYT is interested in that issue and still will be in 2012 .
They do n’t have the strategic vision to make that graph with live data , though .
Luckily , your business is not a maladapted dinosaur reacting too little and too late to the changing business landscape .
I like to call this “ evergreen content . ”
For example , if you have a website selling a service teaching people Japanese , a page on how to make requests in Japanese will be good for generations .
It is evergreen .
Or エバーグリーン , I suppose .
Agile — Not Just For The Product : Because you have excellent internal analytics ( you do , right ? ) and you track what is working and what is n’t ( you do , right ? ) and you can quickly bring resources to “ market ” because you ’re using highly productive programming environments ( you are , right ? ) , you can try ten things , watch eight fail , and then try ten variations on the best two .
For example , suppose you have a mailing list of customers or fans ( you do , right ? ) .
Pitch ( comparatively ) low cost explorations of ideas to them , like blog posts about topics A / B/C/ D/E.
Observe which one gets the most play with your existing customers .
Build ( more expensive ) resources about that topic , like something which requires custom programming .
( Bonus points : credit your customers with the inspiration for building the new thing !
You want a 95 % certain way to get a link from Bob Smith ’s blog to your new article ?
Cite his contribution to it .
Help them help you get the ball rolling with their blogs , Twitter accounts , blah blah . )
Obviously , if one idea works out well for you , going in more depth or breadth on the same theme allows you to possibly re-use code , link sources ( “ Hey Cindy , this is Patrick from Random Job Startup .
A few months ago you had some great comments about our unemployment visualization .
We ’re putting together something similar and I wanted to ask if you had any more insights … ” ) , marketing tacks that worked , etc .
( A great micro - idea I heard the other day : watch what people tweet about your stuff , use that as the title next time .
This may be the first time I ’ve ever heard of an idea to get actual value out of Twitter . )
Pillar Content vs. Bill ‘er Content
As mentioned , you ’re going to have to strike a balance between creating content designed to spread and gather links , attention , etc. and content designed to sell your stuff .
They ’re not totally disjoint sets , but in practice non-commercial content will form the vast majority of your links .
If you do n’t have any great ideas for non-commercial content ( “ How do we get people talking about our new squeegee brush ?
It is a boring subject ” ) , here ’s a couple :
Open Source Software :
You ’re a programmer and you probably use vast amounts of OSS .
It is highly likely that in the process of creating your startup you will write some plumbing which is not your source of competitive advantage , but would solve problems for other people .
Since you already wrote it , why not OSS it ?
Spend a few hundred on a nice logo ( this is rounding error next to the engineering time you have invested and will greatly increase spread , trust me ) , write up a decent page on your website with examples and documentation , and send it to folks you think could use it .
I did this for my Rails A/ B testing software , which at the time was a sorely underserved niche .
That is probably my best links - to - unit - effort idea ever , and it got links from authoritative sources like the Ruby on Rails official site who may not have been interested to hear about my new and improved Jane Austen bingo cards .
( Some people have no appreciation for the finer things in life — at least according to the rabid Jane Austen fans on the Internet . )
I have one comment on OSS for SEO which may cost me geek cred : does Github pay your salary ?
I love them .
They ’re wonderful people .
They contribute a lot to OSS .
They are also quite good at marketing their business and do not require your help to do it .
If you ’re going to do OSS to get links , get links to your own site .
Blog Your Email :
Do you get pre-sales inquiries or support requests ?
Take careful note of how your customers ask questions , because they speak a different language than you do .
I describe bingo cards as “ unique ” , my customers frequently describe them in email as “ not the same ” or “ not alike ” , as it “ How do I make bingo cards that are not the same ? ”
Using the same language that your customers use , answer their questions in public .
This can be bill ‘er content , since somebody asking this question likely has a need they ’re interested in paying money in to solve ( after all , a person just like them has sent you an email about it , knowing that your answer is going to involve “ Oh , you do this on our product ” ) .
Thus , while you are answering the question , you can probably work in a plug for your product .
Good SEO Can Make Your Startup
Your startup can succeed at SEO via the sweat of your brow and a bit of focused creativity , without having to spend hundreds of thousands to do so .
In terms of cost efficiency , organic SEO is probably the most efficient distribution method ever created .
Even with very modest amounts of resources , you can have get hundreds of thousands of visits and add thousands of users to your product .
( I do , and I ’m certainly not a towering giant conquering the Internet from my local rice field .
You can do better . )
If you take one thing from this article , please , take this : you cannot afford to not have an SEO strategy .
If the idea of being an SEO gets your dander up , get over it drop me a comment and I ’ll suggest something you can do that you wo n’t dislike but will still improve your SEO .
The usual disclaimers : I do n’t get compensated for using people as examples .
I do try to write most people who ask for advice ( odds are better if you ask good focused questions , let me get a blog post out of it , etc ) but I know a few have slipped through the cracks as of late .
I ’m by no means the world expert at this — take everything I say with a grain of salt .
Ben Goldacre , The Guardian , Saturday 27 February , 2010
After the Science and Technology committee report this week , and the jaw dropping stupidity of “ we bring you both sides ” in the media coverage afterwards , you are bored of homeopathy .
So am I , but it gives a very simple window into the wider disasters in all of medicine .
Homeopathy , our first example , is a small sector of the pharmaceutical industry , a few sugar pill companies worth a couple of billion pounds a year in europe .
Overall , trials show their pills perform no better than placebo .
We therefore know that all claims to the contrary are bullshit , but bullshit being tolerated by plenty of MPs , huge swathes of the media , a fair few GPs , and most worryingly of all , the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Authority , who permit homeopathy pill companies to list diseases they say they can treat on the side of the bottle , with no requirement that they come up with any evidence that their treatment works .
This does n’t only tell you a story about homeopathic sugar pills : this tells you how doctors , politicians , the media , and regulators deal with the issue of evidence in medicine .
How closely do the great and the good , for example , scrutinise the promotional material for medical drugs ?
The latest paper looking at this question is published this month .
Researchers in Holland went through all the biggest medical journals in the world – the Journal of the American Medical Association , the Lancet , the New England Journal of Medicine , and so on – between 2003 and 2005 .
All adverts were included , once each , if they made a claim about the effect of a drug .
For all the claims in the ads , they checked the references , found the trials they referred to , and then gave them out to an easily exploited workforce of assessors : 250 medical students who ’d just finished their evidence based medicine teaching .
Each student independently assessed 2 trials , and its associated advert , using a pre-specified questionnaire and a well - established scoring system to assess the quality of trials .
Scores were given for things like : whether the method of randomly assigning patients to one treatment or another was adequate , and clearly described ; whether patients could know which treatment they were getting ; whether drop - outs were appropriately included in the analysis , and so on .
These are good measures of whether a trial is a “ fair test ” of a treatment .
By now you will rightly be worrying that medical students – although cheap and easy to come by – are not reliable raters , so you will be pleased to hear that each trial was scored by between 2 and 6 students , and if there was a discrepancy in scores , that trial was reviewed by a panel of 4 academics .
The results were abysmal .
Only half of the claims in the adverts were actually supported by the specific trials they referenced , and of all the trials , only 55 % got a score of “ high quality ” : overall , only 39.2 % of these adverts – in the leading medical journals in the world – referenced a high - quality trial which actually supported their claim .
This is not the first time such a study has been conducted .
Villanueva and colleagues , in 2003 , published a paper in the Lancet assessing claims for cardiac medication adverts in six Spanish medical journals : of the 102 references they could trace , 44 % did not support the promotional statement .
Similar results have been found in psychiatric drug adverts , and in the field of rheumatology .
To offset any suggestion that I am cherry - picking , a systematic review of this question in the open access journal PLoS ONE found 24 similar studies , and overall only 67 % of the claims in adverts were supported by a systematic review , a meta - analysis or a randomised control trial .
Quacks see the shortcomings in medicine as a justification for their own even more dubious behaviour , but in reality , the horror is this : homeopathy is the obvious , easy , tip of the iceberg .
It is the simplest and clearest story of how bad things are , how dumb doctors and politicians can be about evidence , and how lame regulation has become .
But it is only the most obvious illustration of the dark , fearsome depths into which these problems extend .
We are in very big trouble .
Morocco , Algeria and Tunisia have a common culture and cuisine , an oversupply of educated young people , and an undersupply of capital investment .
Together , they would prosper , but their governments do n’t see it that way
Anyone visiting the eastern Moroccan city of Oujda encounters a bizarre sight : the nearby crossing point into Algeria , which should be bustling , is oddly calm , with only a few policemen wandering around and construction works blocking the road .
The silence of the closed border reflects the generation - long enmity between Rabat and Algiers .
The failure of the Maghreb ( Morocco , Algeria and Tunisia ) to create a common market has cost the region dearly in energy , banking , transport , agribusiness , education , culture and tourism .
Trade between North African countries is only 1.3 % of their foreign exchange , the lowest rate for a region in the world .
Two conferences on “ The cost to the North African Tiger of the lack of economic integration ” ( 1 ) and a report by the Peterson Institute ( 2 ) have demonstrated the benefits that open borders would have for people there .
Most North African business leaders say they would like nothing more than to be able to operate freely across frontiers .
Both rich and poor suffer from the inability of the region ’s political leaders to work together .
The Maghreb showed little enthusiasm for the Barcelona Process ( 3 ) , and it is doubtful it will be any more proactive with its successor , the Union for the Mediterranean ( 4 ) .
The Maghreb has many natural resources : oil , gas , phosphates , agricultural land ( although it suffers from a worsening shortage of grain ) ; a beautiful landscape that attracts millions of foreign visitors ; and a youthful population that has become much better qualified since the countries gained independence .
The problem is that with so many young people entering the job market , half are now unemployed .
The region would need a higher growth rate than China over the next two decades to accommodate them – and not trading with its neighbours costs each Maghreb country two percentage points of growth .
Every year thousands of migrants drown in the Mediterranean trying to reach Europe .
Graduates leave because there are so few opportunities at home , where the best jobs are given to family members of the elite .
Eight billion dollars of private capital leaves the region every year , adding to an estimated total of $ 200 bn already gone .
As the former governor of the Bank of Algeria , Abderrahmane Hadj Nacer , put it , North Africa ’s middle class is being formed outside its borders .
Ever since Carthage was founded in the 7th century BC , North Africa has taken advantage of its strategic position : the ships that sailed from the ports of Salé , Algiers and Tunis in the 17th century were renowned , there were more English people living in Morocco and Algeria in 1660 than in the colonies of the New World , and European heads of state treated North African leaders as equals ( 5 ) .
Now the Maghreb is isolated not only from Europe but the rest of the world .
Politics gets in the way
The lack of economic integration in the Maghreb has a major impact on the energy sector .
Algeria is the third - largest provider of gas to Europe , after Russia and Norway .
Morocco has almost half the world ’s reserves of phosphate but to turn it into fertiliser , it needs energy , sulphur and ammonia : three things Algeria has in abundance , and at competitive prices .
Morocco ’s huge phosphate company , OCP , exports most of its fertiliser to India , Brazil and China .
A partnership between OCP and the Algerian state - owned oil company Sonatrach could turn the Maghreb into the most competitive centre of fertiliser production in the world , attracting foreign investment , supporting subcontractors and creating a huge number of jobs .
But the only cooperation that exists between the countries is the Maghreb - Europe gas pipeline that crosses Morocco from Algeria to Spain – and even that will soon be replaced by a new pipeline , Medgaz , which will link Algeria and Spain directly .
It is a similar story with the car industry .
Renault has invested in a new car plant near Tangiers to produce 400,000 vehicles a year by 2012 .
But it would never occur to the Algerian leadership to negotiate with Morocco to be part of that venture , or to set up a sovereign wealth fund to invest in Renault , or in another multinational company , so that it could get much needed new technology .
Algeria ’s leadership lacks the vision to make strategic investments of this kind .
It is also unwilling to give up absolute control of the country ’s resources and take part in any transaction that would require transparency and the application of internationally recognised rules .
Morocco ’s leadership is making no effort for greater cooperation either .
The cost of this lack of economic integration can also be seen in the agribusiness sector .
For a long time the Common Agricultural Policy ( CAP ) restricted the export of citrus fruits and tomatoes from North Africa to Europe .
But various factors have combined to revolutionise this situation : the lifting of these restrictions , changes in eating habits among North Africans , new strategies by agribusiness multinationals , the ending of western subsidies for grain exports , and the emergence in the Maghreb of a new generation of ambitious private entrepreneurs .
Trade within an industrial sector such as agribusiness can contribute substantially to economic growth .
Such trade would be ideal for the Maghreb , especially since agribusiness uses a lot of manpower .
The extraordinary growth in the export of Tunisian olive oil , and the partnership between Tunisian and Spanish businesses in this sector , along with the revival of long abandoned vineyards in the region , demonstrate the benefits of creating links between private companies in the Maghreb and Europe in terms of the transfer of technology , markets and wealth .
Without opening its borders , how can this region make the most of its assets , protect its fishing and agricultural resources , manage its water resources and become less dependent on grain imports ?
Globalisation has created a world of uncertainty , with genetically modified organisms , climate change , the rising cost of energy , and pandemics .
As a net importer of grain , the Maghreb is vulnerable to the rise in food prices .
It must take advantage of the opportunities provided by globalisation while avoiding its negative effects , if it is to help its rural poor – any progress in the agricultural sector would reduce the economic gulf between the town and the countryside .
Morocco and Tunisia export food to Europe and beyond , and in Algeria , private investment in this area is growing rapidly .
But this contrasts sharply with a very low volume of agricultural trade within the region ( unless we include cannabis ) .
Most North African businessmen are desperate to build partnerships both within the region and internationally , but have huge obstacles to overcome .
Talent wasted
If the countries of the Maghreb do not improve their relations , Morocco and Tunisia will continue to go their own way , exporting abroad , and many of the challenges facing the region will remain .
This inability to work together is all the more ironic , considering that the Maghreb shares a cuisine that is becoming more appreciated internationally .
The region has a common history and culture , but it cannot benefit from this , in investment , production and employment , unless businesses are set up across the Maghreb , and in cooperation with multinationals already active in the region .
In contrast with China and India , North Africa makes little use of the talent within its large diaspora in Europe , the United States and the Middle East .
Remittances sent home by Moroccans abroad are worth twice as much as direct foreign investment : $ 8.8 bn deposited in Moroccan bank accounts every year , 38 % of the total .
These young people could act as bridges to the rest of the world .
When will Morocco , Algeria and Tunisia ask their diaspora to be ambassadors for the modernisation of their home countries ?
When will the Maghreb have an equivalent to the Indus Entrepreneurs ( 6 ) , an Indian network set up in 1992 in Silicon Valley , bringing together 12,000 people from 12 countries ?
Europe is reluctant to offer its southern neighbours ambitious partnership projects , and its leaders and media too often cultivate a fear of the other , linked to Islamophobia .
Europe has brought in a Kafkaesque visa policy , which even restricts the movements of North Africa ’s elite .
It refuses to believe North Africa could be part of the solution to its own problems , such as an ageing population and the growing strength of China .
Big Brother Brazil 10 , currently airing .
Her name is Cláudia .
Quotations by Author
Dylan Thomas ( 1914 - 1953 )
Welsh poet [ more author details ]
Showing quotations 1 to 5 of 5 total
- 3 Quotations in other collections
- Search for Dylan Thomas at Amazon.com
Showing quotations 1 to 5 of 5 total
Browse our complete list of 3444 authors by last name :
The last episode of troubled drama Dollhouse is definitely the end of the story , according to creator Joss Whedon .
He 's confirmed that there 's no chance of continuing it in other media , and explained why ( Not necessarily what you think ) .
Advertisement
Talking to Comic Book Resources ,
Whedon seemed resigned to the show 's cancellation , as well as the role he played in taking it to that point :
The only regrets I have about it are the things I did n't do right .
26 hours of television is a lot of time to tell story , and everybody involved was great .
I just look back and go , ' I wish I had figured some things out a little earlier . '
But that 's all the time I have for regret .
It is what it is .
Advertisement
He also finally answered rumors about the possibility of a Dollhouse comic :
I do n't think it 's a comic .
It 's a TV show ... apparently not a
Fox show , but it is a TV show .
There are themes in it and ideas that could work in a comic , but for me to spend the amount of time it would take keeping the comic true to what 's already out there when I 'm already doing that with ' Buffy ' would be a ridiculous waste of my time .
And ultimately that would net me a piece of something that belongs to Fox .
It just makes no sense to do a comic with ' Dollhouse . '
I do n't get it , and I 'm not sure I 'd read it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Instead ,
Whedon plans to create new comic properties , he says , as well as continue Buffy at Dark Horse .
But , come on .
I can't be the only one who gave a little cheer about the " that would net me a piece of something that belongs to Fox , " right ?
Joss Whedon Says Goodbye To " Dollhouse " [ Comic Book Resources ]
Adult education is getting the chop as schools axe night classes after Government Budget cuts .
Almost half the schools offering adult education have pulled out and one estimate is that only 10 per cent of last year 's student numbers will be in the classroom this year .
Access to classes that remain could be determined by the size of students ' bank balances as fees soar .
The Government 's $ 13.1 million funding cut for Adult Community Education , announced in the 2009 Budget , has seen the number of community - based courses plummet .
More than 100 of 212 schools offering continuing education last year have pulled out and just 24 are still receiving government funding , with another 24 in " partnerships " with funded schools .
Maryke Fordyce , president of the Continuing Education Association through Schools , said it was yet to be seen how many classes would survive .
Last year 200,000 people attended subsidised night classes in schools , but only 25,000 places were subsidised this year .
In the Greater Wellington region 15 of the 20 schools offering adult courses last year have effectively shut up shop .
Other groups such as polytechnics and rural and Maori groups also offer continuing education but the Government has indicated their funding is likely to be cut next year .
The Government will still fund " core " literacy and numeracy courses such as te reo , English for speakers of other languages and sign language .
PPTA president Kate Gainsford is warning that night schools could become the domain of the affluent because falling numbers mean fees are increasing .
" We 're looking at the beginning of a pattern being revealed which is that schools servicing well - off areas only will be the ones who are offering [ courses ] . "
One of Wellington 's biggest night schools , Wellington High School , is offering more than 900 courses this year but has cancelled some courses because students cannot afford rising fees .
" We 'll miss a whole block of the lower socio- economic grouping of our people in our communities who now will have to really struggle if they want to do courses , " adult community education centre director Colin Wharton said .
At Wellington
High most courses faced an increase of about $ 10 , but subjects like foreign languages had risen in price from $ 96 to $ 145 .
One casualty had been a popular welding course which " was meeting a real need but had high materials costs .
We think it 's totally unfair ... because it 's such an integral part of what people in New Zealand do " , Mr Wharton said .
Ms Fordyce said staff were also losing jobs , and New Zealand 's reputation for encouraging lifelong learning was being diminished .
Tertiary Education Minister Steven Joyce said that though adult education courses benefited students , it was a question of whether taxpayers should foot the bill .
" We support continuing education and will continue to support courses that deliver clear economic benefits .
We simply cannot justify spending millions of dollars of taxpayers ' money on courses that do not clearly deliver these benefits . "
Brown to ask MPs to vote on electoral reform referendum
Any change will not affect the upcoming election MPs are to be asked to vote next week on holding a referendum on electoral reform , the BBC has learnt .
Gordon Brown is backing a vote as the first step towards replacing the " first past the post " system of electing MPs with an " alternative vote " system .
Under an AV system , voters are asked to rank candidates by preference rather than putting a cross by a single name .
The BBC's Political Editor Nick Robinson said any change would not take effect before this year 's election .
The Conservatives accused the prime minister of wanting to " fiddle " the voting system while the Lib Dems , who back a fully proportional electoral system , said the proposal did not go far enough .
Protracted debate
The prime minister is set to announce on Tuesday that a referendum on changing the longstanding Westminster voting system could be held by the autumn of 2011 if the plan is approved by MPs .
The proposal follows a protracted debate with senior Labour ranks about the merits of a move to a different system .
WHAT IS ALTERNATIVE VOTE ?
Voters rank candidates in order of preference and anyone getting more than 50 % in the first round is elected .
If that does n't happen , the candidate with the fewest votes is eliminated and their second choices allocated to the remaining candidates .
This process continues until a winner emerges
Q&A : Voting reform referendum Nick Robinson 's blog Under the AV system backed by Mr Brown - and currently used in Australia - voters rank candidates by preference on the ballot paper .
If no candidate wins more than 50 % of votes in the first round , the votes of the candidates with the least support are , in turn , redistributed until a candidate gets a majority of votes cast .
Its backers say the system , while not a form of proportional representation , is fairer than the current system - in which many MPs are elected on a minority of the overall vote - while retaining the link between MPs and constituencies .
The expenses scandal has fuelled calls for wider political reform but there are several major obstacles standing in the way of any change .
Mr Brown wants the referendum plan to be inserted as an amendment into the Constitutional Reform and Governance Bill currently before Parliament but there may not be enough time for it to be approved before the next election .
Many Labour
MPs remain sceptical , fearing it will damage their electoral prospects .
But our correspondent said a growing number of senior ministers were keen on the move as a way of trying to depict the Conservatives as opponents of political reform .
Opposition
The Conservatives are strongly opposed to replacing the current " first past the post " system , saying it results in stable governments .
" Gordon Brown avoided a leadership election , bottled a general election and now wants to fiddle the electoral system , " said Conservative chairman Eric Pickles
" It is not the voting system that needs changing ; it 's this weak and divided government . "
The Liberal Democrats say the AV option is " a small step in the right direction " but not a substitute for a fully - fledged proportional system .
" If they agree it , this is a death - bed conversion from a party facing defeat at the general election , " said its home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne , confirming the party would put forward its own amendment .
" It [ the AV system ] does not give voters real power over both the party and the person elected as MP . "
Electoral reform campaigners say the public should get a say on different voting systems in any referendum .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A Kate - centric episode ?
GASP !
The horror .
When it comes to any episode that 's centered around Kate , there are some LOST fans that will never be pleased .
If Kate is selfish and self - centered , she 's villainized .
If she pulls a few selfless acts ( as in tonight 's case ) , the episode is declared boring or slow - paced .
Action - packed writing is great , but character - driven writing is what has always made LOST stand out from other TV shows .
The recipe for LOST 's success has been an equal amount of both , which is why we can't always jump on the ' lame , boring , filler ' bandwagon whenever it rolls into town .
Last night 's episode was good but not great , but even a good episode of LOST is better than 95 % of everything else on television these days .
The other day I was trapped in a waiting room while they made vibrator jokes on The View ( no joke ) .
Ugh.
Kate - haters and action - junkies aside , What Kate Does was pretty solid .
Things I Noticed :
Kate - Centric Episodes v6.0 . . .
Now With 50 % More Gunplay !
If there 's one thing Kate knows , it 's the value of a good hostage .
Her departure from LAX may have seemed rather cold , but that 's because getting away from the marshal requires some serious effort .
Kate was n't too good at noticing that Claire was pregnant , but she sure as hell recognized Jack as the taxi driver stopped so Arzt could pick up his , uh , excessive baggage .
" But Vozzek , Kate 's gaze lingered on Jack only because she recognized him from the airplane ! "
Yeah , okay .
And Claire blurted out Aaron 's name this episode because it happened to be rattling around in her head after reading a baby name book .
C'mon , really .
It 's season six .
We threw coincidence out the window years ago , and it cartwheeled through the jungle like the fuselage of Flight 815 .
At this point , the looks and sudden flashes of recognition we 're seeing are our main characters channeling their experiences from another timeline .
Kate and Jack did n't lock eyes simply because she remembered stealing his pen as he left the can ... her look was a lot more telling than that .
But hey , I 'm not here to convince anyone .
If you want to believe the alternate timeline has nothing to do with the previous events we 've seen for the last five years , go crazy . :)
No More Whoooosh
For five years , we 've heard the same familiar sound byte used as a changeover effect , signifying on - island events transitioning to off - island memories or flashbacks .
Yet these new flashes sound different now ; broken or disjointed ... maybe even from the other side of a mirror .
It reminded me of the lead - in from the backward episode of Seinfeld .
Miles , Get Us Some Water ...
And None of that Brown Stuff They Drowned Sayid In
Sayid seemed more than a little confused after his apparent resurrection .
He was totally blanked out - his mind resetting to the moment he got shot .
Jack makes no bones about the fact that he died , and the temple - dwellers seem to understand this too .
If Sayid had been healed by the water , he would 've been fine , but that 's not what happened .
Somehow Sayid has returned from the dead , and in the eyes of Dogen 's people , that presents a very big problem .
Did Sayid spend some time at the " in - between " place mentioned in the Eko - centric episode entitled ?
Totally .
Just as Charlotte Malkin drowned and later came back to life , it seems Sayid might 've dipped into this realm for a few minutes himself .
It should be interesting if he regains memories of being in that place , and can somehow talk about it the way Charlotte told Eko of seeing his brother , Yemi .
Sayid 's mention of the last thing he remembered also seemed similar to Locke 's words when he woke up on the beach after the Ajira flight : " I remember dying " .
Sawyer 's line about Sayid coming back because he was a torturer and child - killer was him channeling his anger at what happened to Juliet .
Yet in a very ' only the good die young moment ' , it reminded us of some Purgatory - like rules : the greater the sin , the more the suffering .
Perhaps Sawyer has it all backward .
Maybe Juliet was allowed to pass on because she 'd reconciled herself and made peace with her past .
Sayid on the other hand , had drifted into unconsciousness knowing and believing he 'd end up in a very terrible place .
That place ?
The island , all over again .
If it does turn out to be a place of suffering , it would make sense that the island is n't done with him yet - the same way it was n't done with Michael .
After We Torture Sayid For a While , We'll Be Happy To Do Some Q&A
It 's funny how much less patience our main characters have with the Others nowadays .
Their captivity somehow feels different this time around , and it 's like they all know it .
Jack does n't believe for a single minute that they 'll get any form of answers from Dogen or his people , and Sawyer 's willing to back out of the temple behind the business end of a heavy pistol .
Nobody does much to stop him , and I think that 's for a variety of reasons .
His loaded gun aside , the temple - dwellers simply can't force Sawyer to stay .
They could bring him there , bully him , and even claim they were protecting him .
But the moment Sawyer decided to leave on his own volition ?
I got the definite feeling they had to let him go .
I think this had to do more with the concept of free will , and allowing individual choices .
It also seems critical that the people on Jacob 's list stay safe , because if they were to be killed off it would apparently ruin everything .
For these two reasons Dogen steps forward , and using English , very nicely asks Sawyer to stay .
When he refuses , he allows Kate and Jin to go after him because , as Kate puts it , she intends to ' convince him ' to come back .
Although they might 've dragged Sawyer there the first time around , I think Dogen knows it 's important that he come back to the temple on his own , like the rest of Jack 's group did .
Maybe this is even why Sawyer leaves in the first place .
I 'm still not sure how Dogen 's diagnosis of Sayid was supposed to work .
Either he electrocuted Sayid because he'd watched a little too much Rambo II , or he felt the need to perpetuate the season one parallel of Rousseau zapping Sayid with a car battery .
After sprinkling him with some volcanic ash , Dogen wordlessly seared Sayid 's wound with a hot poker , all the while looking into his eyes for his reaction .
I watched this scene several times , and I 'm not sure at which point Dogen determines that Sayid is somehow infected .
The first scream he lets out seems a bit inhuman and unlike Sayid , but I guess that 's to be expected .
Ash or no ash , you could 've covered Sayid with cherry Fun Dip and he was still going to scream like that .
Cool Star Wars reference when Sayid was returned , post - torture , to see the rest of his friends .
" They did n't even ask me any questions . "
Excellent job channeling the Han Solo .
Not Too Worried About Hurley 's Red Shirt
I 'm thinking they 've dressed Hugo in a red shirt this season in complete defiance of the red=dead policy .
If you believe like I do , Hurley is and has always been completely untouchable by all island forces .
The color of his shirt might be the writers handing us a 4XL clue : no matter what the hell happens , Hugo just can't be affected .
Red shirt or not , we 'll dress him however we like .
Are You A Zombie Dude ?
Well , not yet , anyway .
The LOST zombie season ( or at least zombie - episode ) is foreshadowed here , and I think it 's all a matter of destiny .
Break out the makeup , and check your S6 DVD for easter eggs .
Please Don't Go? Dogen 's Making Tea , and Later On We 're Picking Sides For Baseball ...
Dogen was good this episode - I liked him much better than last time .
He demonstrated some qualities that seemed to humanize his character , from contemplatively spinning the baseball to pounding out his letter to Santa on that old typewriter .
Although still cryptic and demanding , the Other Others chilled out a lot more this episode , and started recognizing our 815 characters as both equals and allies .
With the exception of Aldo ( who thanks to Claire I do n't have to worry about anymore ) the temple - dwellers are actually starting to grow on me .
The scenes in which Dogen spoke to Jack were also pretty telling .
As he explained his arrival on the island , I got the impression he'd been there for quite a long while .
You could also tell that he missed home .
Speaking Japanese in lieu of English might 've been Dogen 's way of protesting the island 's captivity , and this was something he and Jack both shared .
At this point , everyone is showing a weary bitterness at having been dragged to the island and not permitted to leave .
For a fleeting moment , I also got the impression of even greater age - as if Dogen 's history extended back way beyond modern times , back to when having such a territorial disdain for the English language might be a lot more common .
While I 'm not saying he's as old as Richard Alpert - not even close - I will go out on a limb and say perhaps he 's from another era , or time .
Maybe even during WWII , an already common theme throughout LOST .
How Dogen got to the island is n't as important as his role as temple leader .
He has a sense of duty and an air of resentful detachment .
He 's still very secretive , but in S6 style he also relents and eventually reveals some big information ( although it takes Jack almost killing himself to do it ) .
The coolest part about watching these temple scenes is that , at any moment , huge answers could suddenly be revealed .
Claire 's Back !
And This Time Around , She 's Taking The Bus
Taxi - jacked at gunpoint ... all of your belongings stolen ... dropped off in the middle of nowhere with a bootprint on your ass .
Do you call the police ?
Dial 911 ?
Nah .
Instead you find the nearest bus stop , sit down , and wait for your assailant to return with a free ride .
Hey , what can you do ?
It 's all necessary to advance the plot .
While it was n't the most believable storyline , Kate returning to bring Claire her stuff was a major deviation from her past character .
In prior seasons , Kate would 've been flying down some highway with the occasional glance in her rear - view mirror .
Instead , Kate not only risks returning to the very scene of her escape , but she offers Claire a ride and even accompanies her to the doorstep of her adoptive parents ' home .
This time around however , as in many other places , something has changed .
This time Claire might have to raise the baby - an idea that was a pretty hot topic back in season one .
Even Kate suggests that she keep her son , as if she inwardly knows it 's the right thing to do .
If this alternate timeline is indeed the corrected one , then Claire staying with Aaron is an important positive change .
Claire forging a friendship with Kate might be another .
The fact that they bonded over some very intense experiences here may mean that Kate later becomes a big part of Claire 's life , playing a mother - like role to Aaron after all .
The big evolution here is that Kate 's suddenly a sucker for some baby washcloths and a big stuffed orca .
Whatever Kate did , this is now what she does .
These important character developments in the LAX timeline signify core changes in Kate 's fugitive - like behavior .
Apparently , Kate 's now a fugitive with heart .
Bringing Claire to the hospital was another big risk for her , and it almost got her caught .
Still , people probably wo n't give Kate nearly enough credit here .
Despite the fact that she 's no more a murderer than Sayid , Locke , Eko , or Sawyer , Kate has traditionally received far less fan forgiveness for the things she 's done .
Kate - hating will still run rampant , due not so much to her characterization but to the fact that she 's bounced back and forth between Jack and Sawyer , and this seems to piss people off to no end .
It 's true that Kate has pulled some real wishy - washy romantic shit that has made us want to wring our own necks .
But lately ?
The love triangle has been shoved aside in light of the sheer number of overwhelming experiences these characters have gone through .
The writers want us to forget about love for a while , and this is good .
The time for sweaty naked writhing on the jungle floor is over , just as our heroes sitting around waiting for The Others to always make the first move seems to be over too .
Ethan - Still Badass , Even In A Long White Lab Coat
Seeing Ethan in the alternate timeline was cool , but not all that surprising .
As with everything else that 's destiny - related , this seems to be a case of always having to do something over and over again .
Just as Charlie is always supposed to die , Ethan is always supposed to be involved in Claire 's pregnancy .
This is apparently an unchangeable , uncorrectable event - like him not wanting to put needles into her belly .
As cool as William Mapother 's character is , I have to say I still miss psychotic , Terminator Ethan .
That guy was badass .
Would 've loved to have seen a fight between him and Keamy .
Notice how the baby 's heartbeat disappears the moment Claire says " I 'm not ready " .
Not until Claire gets distressed enough to cry out Aaron 's name does the heartbeat come back into view on the monitor .
Once again , here 's a case where wanting or believing in something seems to make it more concrete and tangible .
The further Claire seems to get from her baby , the more disconnected she and Aaron become .
Damn , Justin Was Just About To Tell Us Cool Stuff !
Aldo 's character was about as interesting and effective as Pryce .
He quickly made us hate him this episode , not just because of his disdain for our main characters but also for trying to keep us eternally in the dark .
Justin on the other hand , was about to reveal some cool and important shit .
We were going to find out a little about jungle - commando Claire , and maybe even what happened to the forgotten Ajira people .
Aldo shutting him up was similar to Widmore shutting up Cunningham during Jughead , although not as violently or permanently .
After Kate chumped Aldo for the 2nd straight time , it was cool to see Jin take on an agenda of his own .
Following Kate on her never - ending Sawyer quest would 've been outright lame .
All too often Jin gets relegated to the back seat of LOST 's big ride , but here he finally steps up to form his own plan .
I was glad to see Jin taking steps to find Sun , especially after realizing they were probably in the same timeline .
It 's exactly what he should , and would do .
Justin's cryptic last words to Aldo regarding Jin also seemed important : " He might be one of them . "
We already know Jin is on Jacob 's list , and both Aldo and Justin should know it too .
So what else does " one of them " mean ?
Is there an ultimate purpose these people need to stay alive in order to accomplish ?
I 'm thinking yes .
What that purpose is however , will probably be one of our last mysteries .
What Part Of " Do n't Come After Me " Did You Not Understand ???
Josh Holloway was great in this episode .
Sawyer 's emotional struggle on the dock no longer included anger for Jack , but only self - loathing and blame at causing Juliet 's death .
This was similar to Ben 's slow realization that he himself was responsible for the death of Alex , and not Martin Keamy or Charles Widmore .
Sawyer saw himself as selfish for keeping Juliet on the island , just as Ben saw himself as selfish for trying to raise Alex as his own daughter when he really should 've known better .
And Sawyer throwing his engagement ring into the water mirrored Desmond 's past actions in a very touching scene .
These types of parallels are always cool , and this one was done exceptionally well .
In my opinion ?
This much selflessness completes Sawyer 's journey .
His character has come full circle .
At this point we should be worried about losing him , as characters on LOST who have such deep revelations almost always end up leaving the realm of the island .
Who knows where Sawyer might 've ended up if Kate had n't chased after him ?
Perhaps he would 've completed his journey of self - discovery , like Boone ... Shannon ... Ana Lucia ... Michael .
Not all characters who reach enlightenment have happy endings on LOST , as Rose & Bernard seem to have .
We need to recognize that .
Jack Shephard , Free Will , And The Importance Of Cleaning Up One 's Own Mess
In what was the most crucial part of the episode , Jack storms into Dogen 's study for some hard answers .
Watch as he tells the armed guards to " step aside " ... they glance at each other for a moment , then move to let him through as if they did n't have a choice .
This seemed to make Jack important , even if he does n't yet know it .
Lennon 's next words to him ?
" We were hoping you 'd come on your own " .
They did n't send for him - possibly because they could n't - but they needed him nonetheless .
Throughout LOST , one of the bigger recurring themes has always been choice .
Dogen and Lennon needed Jack to show up here because he's the one who must deliver Sayid 's ' medicine ' .
When Jack asks why they do n't just give it to him themselves , he 's told " Because it wo n't work unless he takes it freely .
And he wo n't take it freely unless you give it to him " .
Think back to season two for a minute , where Ms. Klugh was asking Michael to lure four of his friends to The Others ' encampment .
" Why do n't you just get them yourselves ? "
Michael had asked her , to which Klugh replied " It does n't work that way , Michael " .
The Others could 've taken these people by force any time that they wanted , but for some reason they did n't .
They even had three out of four of them at gunpoint , on the day Mr. Friendly drew a line in the sand .
Yet somehow , for some reason , they needed these people to come on their own .
Just like Jack did , here and now .
Now think back to season three , where Benjamin Linus was trying to convince Jack to do his spinal surgery .
" You want me to save your life ? "
Jack had asked him incredulously .
" No " , Ben responded .
" I want you to want to save my life " .
Although there were any number of ways
Ben could 've forced Jack to operate , he never did .
He used Kate and Sawyer ( and a live video feed of their heated cage - sex romp ) to soften Jack up , and then sweetened the pot with an offer of freedom .
Once this happened , Jack was willing to do the operation of his own free will ... and I got the impression back then this was the only way it could 've been done .
Here , Dogen wants to poison Sayid .
He 's already had him pinned down , strapped to a table , and could 've killed him any time he wanted .
We know now however , that this is not how things work .
Maybe it 's because Sayid is on Jacob 's list , or maybe it 's for another reason ... whatever the case , there are some definite rules involved that prevent the temple - dwellers from just outright killing Sayid .
Dogen and his crew need him to accept the pill willingly , yet one more direct parallel to the way Neo took his own pill during The Matrix .
Ah , but here 's where things get even more interesting .
Not only do the temple - dwellers need Sayid to effectively kill himself , but they need Jack to act as the accomplice .
You could argue that Dogen used Jack because Sayid inherently trusts him , but that 's not the sole reason .
Jack , and Jack alone , must be the person who gets Sayid to take the poison .
And the reason for this is simple : Jack must clean up his own mess .
Go back to last episode .
Right before they dipped Sayid in the spring , Dogen says " Who did this to him ? "
Jack steps up and claims responsibility .
" My fault .
I did n't shoot him , but it 's my fault . "
This seemed pretty out of place back then , but Dogen puts the same question to Jack right now .
He asks again how Sayid got shot , and Jack tells him what happened .
" So , he was helping you ? " , Dogen asks , very specifically .
" Yes " , Jack says again .
And from here , two things become brutally obvious .
First , Jack has to be the one to give Sayid the pill .
It ca n't be Hurley , it can't be Miles ... because Jack was the person directly responsible , he must also be the one to clean up his own mess .
This very line is used more than once in past seasons , and we 've already seen the theory in action :
During season three , Ben tried to make Locke kill Anthony Cooper .
He even made it seem as if it were some strange test he had to pass .
The truth of the matter however , is that Ben could n't kill Cooper for a much different reason :
Ben was n't the person who brought the man from Tallahassee to the island in the first place .
He thought it was Locke , and therefore needed Locke to commit the murder .
But Ben turned out to be wrong here , because it was actually Sawyer who had brought Cooper to the island - a manifestation of his intense desire to find the man responsible for the death of his parents .
Even Locke realized this , when he somehow could n't even bring himself to kill the man who had caused his paralysis .
Instead , Locke lured Sawyer to the Black Rock , where he strangled Cooper Jabba - the - Hutt style .
Confused ?
Do n't be .
Sawyer had to deal with Cooper because he was the one who brought him to the island , just as Jack had to deal with Christian and Hurley had to deal with Dave .
In that respect , the island is much like that evil cave on Dagobah .
What 's in there ?
Only what you bring with you .
The second fact that becomes obvious here is how slick and manipulative Dogen can be .
Knowing that Jack is the only person who can give Sayid the ill - pill , he uses Jack 's guilty conscience against him .
" Have there been others who have been hurt , or who have died helping you ? "
As Jack nods his head , Dogen offers him a chance at false redemption .
He tries playing upon Jack 's need to constantly save people , threatening the fact that his friend will die without taking the medicine .
Jack is smart enough not to go for it , and for that I give him credit .
Dogen actually had me convinced the pill was a good idea .
I thought it might 've contained the volcanic ash , and that it would somehow exorcise the demons ( or ' growing darkness ' ) about to possess Sayid .
Instead , it was meant to kill him - something Jack selflessly figured out on his own in much the same way he power - played Ben and Mr. Friendly to facilitate Sawyer & Kate 's escape from zoo -island .
Jack 's need to look out for Sayid overrode his own safety here .
He was already feeling responsible for too many deaths .
Although I do n't think Jack has always given himself a fair shake , this was just another one of those times where he put other people above himself .
When they live , he 's a hero doctor .
When they die , he gets slapped by others with the responsibility of their demise .
In the grand scheme of things , Jack has a lot of messes that still need to be cleaned up .
Fortunately for him , he also seems to hold some hidden power we do n't yet know about .
The Closest Translation Would Be ... Annoying
Sayid 's soon - to - be metamorphosis seems almost moth - like , and raises some very big questions .
Is the dark man the one who will be claiming Sayid , or will Jacob himself do it ?
I vote for Jacob - if only because it might mean Sayid 's continued safety .
I also think it 's important that Sayid was dipped in the temple pool - whatever was left of Jacob 's physical spirit may have entered him through that nasty water .
The dark - shirted man also seems busy at the moment , and perhaps the Other Others do n't know about him already claiming Locke .
But if Claire was claimed in the same way ... then whatever is about to happen to Sayid might be independent of both Jacob and his nemesis .
Maybe .
Jungle Commando Claire Has A Bad Case Of The Frizzies
The sickness is back ... and this time it 's real ?
That one threw me .
Even more important , why has Claire jumped into Danielle Rousseau 's exact role ... filth - smeared complexion , rifle , lost baby and all ?
Did Claire skip through time with the island 's movements last season ?
Did she spend three years on the island during 70's Dharma , or did she remain in the island present from 2004 through 2007 ?
There are lots of immediate questions we need answers too , the least of which is what happened when she hooked up with ghost Christian Shephard .
Claire 's existence as Danielle Rousseau should be more than a little troubling here .
It 's as if her body has jumped into a whole new role , adapting a whole new set of rules .
Remember that Claire 's mind was once " reset to the crash " , way back in season one .
What if this happened to her again ?
Or what if Claire 's mind was reset so many times she went berserk with the sickness , with only vague recollections of her previous times through the island 's historic loop ?
Maybe she wo n't recognize Jin at all , but my guess is that some flash of vague recognition has given her pause right now .
Just as Claire slowly began remembering things after returning from Ethan 's captivity , perhaps her season one through four memories are being suppressed much the same way .
If two weeks of her life went missing during Homecoming , why not three whole years ?
Yet none of this explains how closely she can be channeling Danielle Rousseau .
It 's not like making coconut net traps is a skill she could 've picked up from one of Locke 's survival magazines .
We need more .
A quick glance and a squint is n't much to go on , so hopefully next week will provide some answers .
We 're eagerly waiting to find out more about the Lucian Alliance on Stargate Universe , since they were the bandits that forced the Destiny crew to flee in the first place .
And new casting pages reveal a villain and a rebel .
Advertisement
We uncovered two new character sides for the first episode of the show 's second season .
As we learned a while a go with SGU , their casting sides are n't always 100 % guaranteed to be the final script for the episode , and are often changed around to protect plot lines .
But there are still some clues in each script .
The first casting slide is for a character named Ginn , a female science officer .
Ginn is talking to Darlene , which is not a " real name " except for in Roseanne , so lets assume it 's actually a different character from the show .
They are both in an interview room talking about what the Lucian Alliance wants with the Destiny .
Advertisement
Ginn is trying to explain how cruel the " warlord " Lucians are , so she never really knows what they want , and tells the story about how they burned down the food in her land and sold her people " addictive crops . "
Which is a pretty clever manipulation tool .
This officer was later forced into the Lucian army , so even though she is " one of them , " she hates them .
And so do the rest of her crew members who stowed away on the Destiny .
But we digress - apparently , the Lucians see the Destiny as a tool , that dates back to their ancient legends .
This Destiny was a key to harnessing the power of the Gods , but they did n't know it was an actual ship until much later .
Hence why the Lucian Alliance wants it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Then there is a lot of talk about the lack of food .
So it looks like the Destiny 's crewmembers still have n't figured out how to grow / produce their own supplies yet .
Either way , Ginn sounds like one tough character , and we 're excited to meet her and the rest of the Lucian Alliance , loyal or not .
The second casting side is for Simeon .
Who we mentioned last week as a possible new bad guy .
Simeon 's script pages reveal a coarse character , who loves pushing everyone 's buttons .
Although we 're not really sure why his actions are making everyone so uncomfortable , we can only assume it 's because he is part of the Lucian Alliance .
But whether or not he 's defected remains to be seen .
Advertisement
In this scene Simeon is going back and forth with Riggs - you remember , the eternally pissed off character .
Riggs does n't want Simeon talking to " Jen , " and Jen is just kind of getting in the way .
The two end up in each other 's faces and an exhausted Simeon exclaims that he feels like a prisoner on the Destiny or somewhere , where the Destiny crew is holding him hostage .
Which Riggs says is the point .
Perhaps this is another member of Ginn 's misfit Lucian team .
Either way , we like that he does n't back down easily .
And screams things like , " you can tell me what to do , " and " You do n't know who you are dealing with ! "
Advertisement
Then there is another Simeon scene with " Morrison . "
Morrison appears to be his captor or terrified underling that wo n't eat food Simeon 's given him unless Simeon bits into it too .
Quizzing him about being on the fabled Destiny , Simeon gets mysteriously diabolical .
Clearly he has n't been aboard yet and has a serious desire to .
In fact he says he 'll kill Morrison if he can't make the " connection " to the Destiny .
Is this character the Lucian Rush ?
Paul Vasey is one of the luckiest sexuality researchers working today .
Not only has he secured funding for basic sexuality research — a low priority for most research institutions — but he also gets to do his work on the tropical islands of Samoa .
“ Samoa has become a second home to me , ” said Vasey , who teaches at the University of Lethbridge in Alberta , Canada .
Since 2003 , he has spent up to a third of every year on the remote archipelago in the central South Pacific .
It ’s there he hopes to understand the evolutionary basis for what would appear to be a genetic dead end — same - sex attraction .
With little acknowledged evidence for the existence of homosexuality in nature , and no sound theories to explain its evolutionary purpose , much of society and science have long viewed same - sex attraction as abnormal and deviant .
Only in 1973 did the American Psychiatric Association remove homosexuality from its list of mental disorders .
Today , we know homosexual behavior occurs in many animals — from beetles to birds to bison — as well as in humans , but scientists still question how such behavior could have arisen naturally .
Vasey believes Samoa may hold a possible answer .
He has found evidence on the tropical islands he frequents to support a hypothesis that same - sex attraction confers an evolutionary advantage to humans by increasing a family ’s reproductive rates , as well as ensuring the well - being of future generations .
Studies on families with gay members have repeatedly suggested homosexuality has a genetic component .
However , biologists struggle to explain how genes contributing to homosexuality could have stuck around in human evolution .
Normally , traits that reduce an individual ’s reproductive success , which same - sex attraction would appear to do , would not be maintained in the gene pool .
The kin selection hypothesis , introduced in the 1970s , proposed a possible advantage homosexuality would have for humans .
The hypothesis says that while homosexual individuals do not directly pass on their genes to successive generations by having children , they indirectly spread their genes through their families .
By devoting their energy to raise their nieces and nephews instead of having children of their own , homosexuals would allow their siblings to have more children and ensure that these offspring live to have children of their own .
Thus , homosexual individuals would promote greater reproductive and survival rates of the relatives who share many identical genes with them — including those that may contribute to homosexuality — guaranteeing these genes are passed on to future family members .
Though seemingly logical to many researchers , the idea lost credibility as European and North American studies failed to find evidence that gays devote a significant amount of time and energy to caring for their siblings ’ children .
Vasey decided to test the hypothesis somewhere else .
To eliminate influences Western culture may have had on previous studies , Vasey studies the faʻafafine , feminine Samoan males who reject the labels of “ gay ” and “ homosexual ” but acknowledge their primary sexual attraction to adult men .
Vasey is also interested in the Samoans because their social environment closely resembles the one in which our ancestors evolved .
“ Individuals in the family are interconnected in ways that do n’t characterize European society anymore , ” Vasey said .
“ Samoans remain close to their family in ways that characterize the evolutionary past . ”
Also , Samoan society fully accepts the faʻafafine , who Vasey said are considered to occupy a third gender and are respected for their commitment to taking care of their families .
Vasey analyzed how Samoan men , women and faʻafafine acted toward their nieces , nephews and unrelated children living in the same village , looking at behavior and attitudes such as their willingness to babysit and contribute financial resources .
In results to be published in the February 2010 issue of Psychological Science , Vasey found the faʻafafine were more willing to help their nieces and nephews and less likely to help other children compared to their straight counterparts , even when controlling for age , income levels and number of biological children .
Though not conclusive , these results fall in line with the kin selection hypothesis .
“ You would expect there to be selection to make faʻafafine as efficient as possible in terms of channeling resources and energy toward nieces and nephews without having resources and energy diverted toward non-kin , ” Vasey said .
Cognitive biologist Qazi Rahman from the Queen Mary , University of London believes Vasey ’s work has revitalized the kin selection hypothesis .
“ I did n’t think it had any use anymore , ” he said .
“ But now the science is different . ”
Nevertheless , some experts caution against jumping to conclusions based on Vasey ’s results .
“ While his science is strong , a lot more has to be done to convince me , ” said Northwestern University psychologist Michael Bailey , who found no evidence supporting kin selection in a 2001 study with American homosexual males .
“ The math still is n’t there . ”
Also , while this work might explain the prevalence of gay men , evidence of evolutionary pathways for female homosexuality has proven elusive , as female sexuality seems “ more fluid , ” and harder to categorize than male sexuality , according to Vasey .
Next year , Vasey plans to further test the kin selection hypothesis by studying faʻafafine avuncularity , or uncle - like behavior , and its measurable effects on children .
He also plans to investigate whether Samoans “ just expect faʻafafine to behave in a more avuncular manner . ”
However , Vasey stresses that a cultural expectation does not “ invalidate the evolutionary mechanism , ” as biological and cultural influences most likely work in concert .
Vasey , who is gay , understands that some may use his sexuality to discount his results .
Nevertheless , he stands by his work .
“ We ’ve just found over and over again consistent evidence in support of these evolutionary pathways , ” Vasey said .
“ When I first started , I thought we ’d do one study on this , the results would be negative , and that would be the end of it .
No one is more surprised by the results than me . ”
* Correction ( January 11 , 2010 ) : This sentence originally read : “ Only since 1973 has the American Psychological Association removed homosexuality from its list of mental disorders . ”
** Correction ( January 13 , 2010 ) : This sentence originally read : “ By providing support to raise their nieces and nephews instead of having children of their own , homosexuals would allow their siblings to have more children and ensure that these offspring live to have children of their own . ”
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
LAST JANUARY , shortly before President Obama took office , veteran Democratic pollster John Marttila conducted a series of focus groups on a range of issues in the Philadelphia and Baltimore areas .
When the conversations turned to the economy , Marttila was shocked .
In the middle of the financial collapse , these people — men and women of different ages , incomes , races , and political affiliations — were predictably ticked off .
But , he recalls , the “ dominant emotional dynamic was self - criticism .
They really felt that they had failed .
They had spent too much on things they did n’t need . ”
The pollster had expected rage at Wall Street and George W. Bush , but the people in the groups barely mentioned Bush .
And though they were upset by the shady and incomprehensible machinations of big banks , they were not revved up for revenge .
“ Their intellectual criticism was directed at the financial world , ” Marttila says , “ but their emotional criticism was directed at themselves . ”
Bottom line :
They were not reaching for the pitchforks .
A year later , as Congress struggles with financial reform , populist fury aimed at the one - time masters of the universe has yet to materialize in any targeted manner ; there ’s no mass movement demanding fundamental change .
Sure , outrage over executive compensation caught the attention of regulators and lawmakers , and President Barack Obama and the Federal Reserve have taken limited steps to curb pay .
But lawmakers have apparently not been fretting too much about public sentiment as they followed the urgings of finance lobbyists and weakened legislation to rein in Wall Street .
So where ’s the wrath ?
I asked a number of public opinion experts and politicians that question .
Most of them said there was indeed anger outside the Beltway — just not the sort of vocal indignation that directly translates into action in Washington .
Why ?
Politicians Do n’t Care .
“ People do n’t know what to do with the anger they do have , ” says Marttila , because they feel blocked by “ senators , representatives , and [ Treasury Secretary ] Timothy Geithner , who speaks gobbledygook . ”
Wall Street , in other words , is protected by the people ’s representatives .
“ There is a layer between Americans and the villains of Wall Street , and that ’s Congress , ” Marttila contends .
With Obama adopting mostly mainstream positions on economic issues , no national figure has stepped in to rally the resentment .
Nobody has put popular anger to good use , because nobody really wants to .
Fear , Not Loathing .
As a leading Democratic opponent of the banking bailouts , Rep. Brad Sherman of California has thought a fair amount about public sentiment and the economic crisis .
“ The public is very angry at Wall Street , ” he says .
“ But they are constantly told by all the respected voices that if we do n’t protect and preserve the institutions on Wall Street , we ’ll be fighting for rat meat on the streets . ”
And this fearmongering works .
Fear , Sherman says , is generally stronger than anger .
The resentment that does exist is diffuse ; it is not channeled toward specific solutions .
The fear , however , is specific :
What will happen to me and my family ?
With authorities in government and the media incessantly bleating that what ’s good for Wall Street is good for the country , Sherman adds , “ we ’re angry at those people and we ’re too fearful to do anything about it . ”
It ’s Complicated .
There ’s no doubt Americans are upset about paying for the failures of banks and corporations , says Democratic pollster Mark Mellman .
But the financial issues involved appear “ incredibly arcane and difficult to penetrate .
How do you regulate derivatives when 99 percent of the public do n’t understand it ? ” Marttila agrees :
“ The public policy implications are beyond the reach , vocabulary , and discussion of many .
So the bad guys escape . ”
Big Business vs. Big Government .
For many decades , Americans have held negative attitudes toward the titans of industry .
“ It ’s a constant , ” says Frank Newport , editor - in - chief of the Gallup Poll .
“ You never go wrong vilifying big business . ”
But Americans also do n’t fancy the counterbalance to corporate power : government .
Since 1965 , Gallup has asked survey respondents to choose the biggest future threat to the country : big business , big labor , or big government .
Big government always wins — by a lot .
In December 2006 , 61 percent said they fretted about the government , compared with 25 percent who feared corporate power .
Last spring , when Wall Street was in deep disrepute , the numbers changed only slightly : 55 percent still fingered big government as the greatest threat .
“ People always have concern about the government doing too much , ” says Newport , “ even when [ it ’s ] regulating financial institutions they do n’t like . ”
In fact , as recently as September , Gallup found that 45 percent of Americans believed there was too much government regulation of business .
Only 24 percent said there was too little .
“ The lucky thing for business is that its foil is government , ” concludes Andrew Kohut , president of the Pew Research Center .
This past summer , right - wing activists appeared to corner the market on populist rage .
David Winston , a Republican consultant , maintains that this particular anger — over “ death panels ” and Obama “ socialism ” — was not widespread .
Still , in September , when Rasmussen pollsters asked people how angry they were at current federal policies , without specifying which ones , two - thirds said “ very ” or “ somewhat . ”
Another Rasmussen poll found that 53 percent opposed greater regulation of the finance industry .
WHAT ELSE COULD $ 14 TRILLION BUY ?
That ’s the real size of the bailout .
What else could it buy ?
— Marian Wang 10 years of vaccines for kids in 117 countries
$ 110 billion 10 years of $ 10,000 bonuses for all US public school teachers
$ 318 billion Sending all 2009 US high school grads to private college
$ 347 billion Doubling US spending on HIV / AIDS and cancer research for 20 years
$ 493 billion 10 years of CO2 offsets for all Americans
$ 559 billion Meeting UN anti-poverty goals by 2015
$ 757 billion 20 years of universal preschool in US
$ 860 billion Buying a house for every homeless American
$ 878 billion 10 years of helping developing countries deal with the effects of climate change
$ 2 trillion Buying the world an iPhone 3GS
$ 2 trillion 10 years of private health insurance for uninsured Americans
$ 2.2 trillion Paying off 1/3 of US home mortgages
$ 3.5 trillion Total : $ 14 trillion
And even when Americans like a new regulatory idea — such as the proposed Consumer Financial Protection Agency , which several pollsters said is popular — public sentiment has n’t been powerful enough to give lawmakers pause .
Without noticeable public demand for an agency with teeth , it was easy for Congress to water down the proposal .
As the House was working on this legislation in October , a consultant for the financial services industry told me that big banks were even cutting back on public relations help because they were n’t sensing much popular animus and , consequently , did not expect to be whacked too hard on the Hill .
Too Many Targets .
Wall Street is also fortunate that it ’s not the only target of popular anger .
Kohut ’s polls have found resentment at bailed - out banks , at homeowners who purchased houses they could n’t afford , and at the ballooning federal deficit .
Because banks are seen as just one of the problems , “ there ’s a little more support — but not a sea change — in how people feel about the government overseeing financial institutions . ”
And in polling conducted since Obama took power , Kohut notes , respondents have been giving more conservative answers over time .
In exit polls on Election Day 2008 , more voters were in favor of activist government than had been four years earlier .
But by February 2009 , as an activist president settled into office , that number had already started dropping .
The Obama presidency practically began with a backlash .
Jobs , Jobs , Jobs .
Winston , the GOP consultant , says that Americans share “ a broad sense of frustration that Wall Street has been taken care of ” — and they ’ve gotten nothing .
Even though the Obama administration and the Democratic Congress passed a hefty stimulus package that likely contributed to GDP growth , the jobs picture — what Americans care about the most — keeps getting worse .
“ Unemployment trumps Wall Street malfeasance , ” Winston maintains .
“ And most people do n’t see a financial protection agency or more regulation as a solution to unemployment . ”
So is Wall Street in the clear ?
Just a few new regulations here and there , and then it ’s game on ?
The pollsters I consulted agreed that anyone tracking popular anger in the coming months should be watching not the Dow but the unemployment numbers .
Anger prompted by joblessness will focus on politicians , not hedge fund managers .
Which means that if politicians let Wall Street get away with shenanigans that kill jobs , they could end up paying for it with their careers .
“ Wall Street has probably weathered the worst , ” Rep. Sherman says ruefully .
“ And Washington has not faced the worst . ”
In an interview released today , Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri expressed growing concern about the number of threats against the nation made by the Israeli government .
“ This is something that is escalating , and this is something that is really dangerous , ” Hariri warned .
He cautioned that in the event of an Israeli invasion , the government would stand united with Hezbollah to oppose the Israeli forces .
Hezbollah was Hariri ’s chief rival in the most recent elections , but has been part of a broad , albeit tenuous , coalition government .
The Lebanese government essentially stayed out of the war in 2006 , when Israel invaded southern Lebanon and clashed with Hezbollah forces for nearly a month .
Since the end of that war the nations have had a somewhat stable ceasefire .
But that stability may be coming to an end , as last month Israeli minister Yossi Peled warned that another war with Lebanon was inevitable .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu insists that the war is not imminent , but the prospect of a new war , so soon after the previous one killed over 1,100 Lebanese civilians , has raised serious concerns .
The federal income tax is one of the most complicated innovations in human history .
However , we ’re going to try and simplify the whole enchilada with this handy federal income tax guide .
Use it as a reference to help you prepare your tax return .
It ’s a “ high altitude look ” at dozens of tax issues , just to keep you on track .
You ’ll need to do a deep dive to get more information if anything about your tax situation is the least bit unusual .
2020 Tax Guide
As of the date of this guide , exact 2019 tax filing information is still preliminary .
We ’ve summarized the information presented in the IRS ’s 1040 and 1040 - SR Instructions booklet , published on October 10 .
It ’s specifically stamped :
Caution : DRAFT – NOT FOR FILING .
The IRS will likely continue to finalize the details even early into 2020 .
This guide is provided strictly to give you a heads up on tax regulations for the coming tax year in advance .
Do You Need to File a Tax Return ?
If you do n’t know if you ’re required to file an income tax return , you can use the IRS Do I Need to File a Return tool .
But , here are the general requirements :
Income Limits
You are required to file if your income exceeds the following limits for 2019 :
Single , under 65 – $ 12,200
Single , 65 or older – $ 13,850
Married filing jointly , both spouses under 65 – $ 24,400
Married filing jointly , one spouse 65 or older – $ 25,700
Married filing jointly , both spouses 65 or older – $ 27,000
Married filing separately , any age – $ 12,200
Head of household , under 65 – $ 18,350
Head of household , 65 or older – $ 20,000
Qualifying widow ( er ) , under 65 – $ 24,400
Qualifying widow ( er ) , 65 or older – $ 25,700
Additional Requirements
You will still need to file a tax return if any of the following apply :
You had at least $ 400 in self - employment income .
This will also extend to freelancers , people with side businesses , and anyone who engages in gig work .
You owe household employment taxes .
Social Security and Medicare taxes owed on unreported tip income .
You received a distribution from a retirement plan , medical savings account ( MSA ) or a health savings account ( HSA ) .
You received an advance payment on the Premium Tax Credit .
Expect to qualify for the earned income tax credit ( EIC ) .
If you may be subject to the alternative minimum tax .
You want to claim a refundable Health Coverage Tax Credit .
You had wages of $ 108.28 or more from a church or qualified church - controlled organization exempt from employer Social Security and Medicare tax .
How to Determine Your Tax Filing Status
There are five basic tax filing statuses :
Married filing jointly ( MFJ ) :
This is generally the most beneficial filing status , since it offers lower tax brackets and a higher standard deduction .
You ’re eligible if you ’re married as of December 31 of the tax year .
This is generally the most beneficial filing status , since it offers lower tax brackets and a higher standard deduction .
You ’re eligible if you ’re married as of December 31 of the tax year .
Married filing separately ( MFS ) :
This will usually result in higher tax liability .
But , there are times when it makes sense .
This can happen when one partner is self - employed and makes much less money than the other .
It can also make sense if one partner has a much higher level of deductible itemized expenses .
You may also want to file separately if you lived apart during the year .
This will usually result in higher tax liability .
But , there are times when it makes sense .
This can happen when one partner is self - employed and makes much less money than the other .
It can also make sense if one partner has a much higher level of deductible itemized expenses .
You may also want to file separately if you lived apart during the year .
Head of household ( HOH ) :
You can claim this status when you are a single taxpayer , legally separated , or when your spouse did n’t live with you during the second half of the tax year .
But , here is the determining factor : you must have a qualifying child or dependent for which you paid at least half of their support .
You do n’t qualify for this status if you are otherwise married , or your spouse spent even one night in the same residence as you .
You may need to provide specific documentation to prove the status ( separation agreement , evidence of separate residences , documentation that you provided more than half of the dependence support ) .
You can claim this status when you are a single taxpayer , legally separated , or when your spouse did n’t live with you during the second half of the tax year .
But , here is the determining factor : you must have a qualifying child or dependent for which you paid at least half of their support .
You do n’t qualify for this status if you are otherwise married , or your spouse spent even one night in the same residence as you .
You may need to provide specific documentation to prove the status ( separation agreement , evidence of separate residences , documentation that you provided more than half of the dependence support ) .
Single :
This is your tax status if you are not married – or legally separated – as of December 31 of the tax year .
This is your tax status if you are not married – or legally separated – as of December 31 of the tax year .
Qualifying Widow ( er ) :
You must have a qualifying dependent to be eligible for the status .
It enables you to have the same tax benefits as if you are married filing jointly .
You are only eligible for this status in the year in which your spouse died , and the following year .
Tax Preparation Considerations
DIY Tax Preparation
Millions of people are now preparing and filing their own tax returns .
This is easier to do than ever , since there are so many affordable tax preparation software packages .
Even if you do n’t know much ( or anything ) about preparing taxes , most are incredibly user - friendly .
All you need to do is gather your information and put the required numbers in the boxes .
If you decide to DIY your taxes this year , you ’ll have no shortage of tax software options .
The key is finding the best price and features for your needs .
We ’ve compiled our list of the best tax software , and these programs top the list :
CPA vs. Enrolled Agent ( EA )
If you still do n’t feel comfortable preparing your own taxes , or if you ’re tax situation is incredibly complicated , you can use a tax professional .
The two most reliable preparers are certified public accountants ( CPA ) and enrolled agents ( EA ) .
A CPA is a professionally licensed accountant who works in public accounting and usually prepares income taxes .
To get the license , you have to pass a rigorous multi-day examination , and meet certain state - issued education and experience levels .
CPAs are best used by people who have the most complicated tax returns .
EAs are n’t accountants ( or CPAs ) , but they are licensed to prepare taxes , as well as represent their clients before the IRS .
They generally charge lower preparation fees then CPAs .
A Checklist to be Ready to File
No matter how you decide to prepare your taxes , you ’ll need to assemble all the documents needed .
Having them available will make the entire preparation process much easier .
The most basic information you need to have available includes :
Social Security numbers for each member of your household Complete copies of the prior year ’s income tax returns ( you ’ll need these to provide any carryforward information )
Income information for your dependent children Home office information ( if you plan to take the deduction ) – square footage of your office , and of your home Your ex-spouse ’s Social Security number if you receive or pay alimony or child support Marketplace exemption certificate , if you received an exemption from your state ’s health insurance exchange
Income Documentation
W2s from any employment sources
1099 - MISC for additional income for which income taxes were not withheld ( like contract income )
1099s reporting Social Security income , interest , and dividends ; pension , IRA or annuity income ; state income tax refund or unemployment insurance ; or reporting the sale of stock or other securities
K - 1’s reporting partnership or S - Corporation income
W - 2G reporting gambling winnings ( you should also have records proving gambling expenses )
Documentation of alimony received , including the Social Security number of the payee
If you ’re self - employed , a complete accounting of all your business income
Evidence of rental income received if you own investment property
Documents for Reporting Expenses
Potentially tax - deductible expenses are reported on the following documents :
1098 reporting mortgage interest and property taxes paid , educational expenses , and student loan interest paid Statements from charities reporting contributions 1095 - A , 1095 - B , or 1095 - C , reporting health insurance premiums paid , and to whom Various forms 5498 reporting IRA , HSA or ESA payments made during the year
There are a lot of situations involving tax - deductible expenses that are not neatly reported on a government form from third - party sources .
You may also need documentation for the expenses in the following section .
Expenses That May Require Additional Documentation
Documentation of all self - employment expenses
Expenses for rental property
Documentation for the purchase of depreciable assets for business or investment activity
Property taxes paid but not reported on Form 1098 by a lender
Federal and state - estimated tax payments made for the tax year
Cost basis of investments sold ( if the information is not provided by a broker )
Indirect expenses related to investment activity
Documentation of alimony paid
Receipts from the purchase of energy efficient equipment installed in your home
Charitable contributions made but not reported by the receiving organization
Mileage driven for business , employment , medical or charitable activities , as well as records of payment for tolls , parking , and ad valorem taxes
Evidence of payment of health insurance , out - of - pocket medical , dental and vision expenses , medical mileage , and long - term care insurance
Childcare expenses paid , if not supplied by the provider ( including the provider ’s tax ID number )
Wages paid to a domestic care provider , including that provider ’s tax ID number
An itemized list of higher education expenses paid out - of - pocket , with documentation
Cost of preparation of last year ’s income tax returns
Sales tax paid on major purchases
Federal Income Tax Rates for 2019
Tax Bracket / Filing Status Single Married Filing Jointly or Qualifying Widow Married Filing Separately Head of Household 10 % $ 0 to $ 9,700 $ 0 to $ 19,400 $ 0 to $ 9,700 $ 0 to $ 13,850 12 % $ 9,701 to $ 39,475 $ 19,401 to $ 78,950 $ 9,701 to $ 39,475 $ 13,851 to $ 52,850 22 % $ 39,476 to $ 84,200 $ 78,951 to $ 168,400 $ 39,476 to $ 84,200 $ 51,851 to $ 84,200 24 % $ 84,201 to $ 160,725 $ 168,401 to $ 321,450 $ 84,201 to $ 160,725 $ 84,201 to $ 160,700 32 % $ 160,726 to $ 204,100 $ 321,451 to $ 408,200 $ 160,726 to $ 204,100 $ 160,701 to $ 204,100 35 % $ 204,101 to $ 510,300 $ 408,201 to $ 612,350 $ 204,101 to $ 306,175 $ 204,101 to $ 510,300 37 % Over $ 510,300 Over $ 612,350 Over $ 306,175 Over $ 510,300
2018 Tax Changes for 2019
General Changes
Standard deduction has increased .
For 2019 , they ’ve increased a bit to $ 12,200 for singles and married filing separately , $ 24,400 for married filing jointly , and $ 18,350 for heads of household .
Form 1040 only for most taxpayers .
Another reminder for 2018 and beyond , 1040A and 1040 EZ have been eliminated .
Form 1040 - SR added .
1040 - SR has been added for seniors .
You ’ll need to file this form if you were born before January 2 , 1955 .
If you are preparing your return using tax preparation software , or a paid tax preparer , this form will be used automatically .
The elimination of the Affordable Care Act penalty .
The penalty for not having health insurance coverage under the ACA has been eliminated for 2019 .
The elimination of alimony as a tax factor .
This change took place in 2018 , but it ’s worth mentioning again for 2019 .
It ’s still deductible by the payor and taxable to the recipient under existing divorce decrees .
But for divorce decrees issued after December 31 , 2018 , it will no longer be a tax consideration for either party .
Changes for Families
Personal Exemptions are gone :
This change took place in 2018 , so this is just a reminder that you can no longer claim personal exemptions in 2019 and subsequent years .
Higher medical expense deduction threshold .
If you itemize your deductions , you can still deduct unreimbursed medical expenses that exceed 10 % of your adjusted gross income in 2019 .
This is an increase from 7.5 % in 2018
The “ Kiddie Tax ” :
If your child has unearned income , it will be taxed as follows :
The first $ 1,050 in unearned income by the minor is tax - free
Above $ 1,050 is taxed at the child ’s rate , not the parent ’s rate
The child must be either under 19 years old , or under 24 years old and a full - time student .
Changes for Small Businesses
Qualified business income deduction .
Small businesses may be able to deduct up to 20 % of their qualified business income , plus 20 % of qualified real estate investment trust dividends , and qualified publicly traded partnership income .
The deduction phases out with incomes over $ 160,700 for singles , $ 160,750 for married , filing separately and over $ 321,400 for married filing jointly .
This one is a bit complicated , so if you ’re self - employed you ’ll need a good tax preparation software or the services of a tax professional .
This deduction was implemented for tax years beginning in 2018 , but it will now be reported on Form 8995 .
Changes to Mileage Allowances
Mileage allowances increased .
The mileage allowances for 2019 are as follows :
Business mileage – 58 cents per mile
Charitable mileage – 14 cents per mile ( unchanged from 2018 )
Medical and moving mileage – 20 cents per mile
Income Thresholds for the Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) Increase
The AMT is a special tax provision designed to prevent high - income taxpayers from avoiding taxes through tax breaks .
Those breaks can be either preferential income sources or excessive deductions .
It imposes a higher tax rate on your income with the preference items added back .
The income threshold has been increased for 2019 , removing the AMT threat from many middle and upper - middle income taxpayers .
The income thresholds are as follows :
Married filing jointly and surviving spouse – $ 111,700 ( exemption phase - out begins at an income of $ 1,020,600 ) .
Single – $ 71,700 ( exemption phase - out begins at an income of $ 510,300 ) .
Married filing separately – $ 54,700 ( exemption phase - out begins at an income of $ 500,000 ) .
No Change in the Net Investment Income Tax ( NIIT )
The Net Investment Income Tax , or NIIT is another provision of the Affordable Care Act .
Since 2010 , the NIIT extends the Medicare tax at a rate of 3.8 % to investment income for those with certain high - income levels .
For 2019 , those income thresholds are as follows :
Married filing jointly – $ 250,000
Married filing separately – $ 125,000
Single – $ 200,000
Head of household – $ 200,000
Qualifying widow ( er ) with dependent child – $ 250,000
If your adjusted gross income exceeds these levels , the tax will be applied to net income from rents , royalties , interest and dividend income , capital gains , and annuities .
The Net Investment Income
Tax will also apply to any passive income from your trade or business , so be sure to factor those ventures in .
Tax Deductions and Credits
Standard Deduction
The standard deduction for 2019 is as follows :
Married filing jointly and surviving spouses – $ 24,400
Heads of household – $ 18,350
Single , or married filing separately – $ 12,200
You can itemize your deductions if they exceed the limits above .
Itemized deductions include medical expenses ( in excess of 10 % of your AGI ) .
Taxes ( state , local , real estate , and sales taxes ) and mortgage interest are subject to the limitations discussed earlier , and charitable donations are still fully deductible .
The phase - out for itemized deductions that used to apply to high income taxpayers has been eliminated .
That means there is no longer a limit on how much you can deduct .
In addition to standard deductions and itemized deductions , the IRS has dozens of credits that directly reduce your tax liability .
Some of the more popular tax credits include :
Child tax credit .
The credit is $ 2,000 for 2019 .
It ’s subject to being phased - out , beginning with a modified adjusted gross income of $ 200,000 , or $ 400,000 if married filing jointly .
Earned income tax credit ( EIC ) .
The earned income tax credit is generally available for low income taxpayers .
It ’s based on adjusted gross income , earned income , and investment income .
Education credit .
The education credit is for expenses related to higher education .
Child and Dependent Care credit .
The child and dependent care credit applies to dependents under age 13 .
It ’s also available for the care of a spouse or dependent of any age who is incapable of taking care of themselves .
It provides a credit of up to 35 % of the qualifying expenses , based on adjusted gross income .
Savers
Tax credit .
The savers tax credit applies if you make contributions to a retirement plan .
The credit can be as high as $ 2,000 for single filers , and $ 4,000 if you ’re married filing jointly .
The income thresholds are fairly low , but it ’s worth applying for if you make a retirement contribution and you have a moderate income .
Tax Deductions and Credits for Small Business Owners
Generally speaking , any expense that ’s used in the production of self - employment income is tax - deductible .
The most typical self - employed business expense deductions include :
The cost of inventory sold
Expenses connected with the rent , ownership , and operating of business property
Business use of your home , if any
The costs and expenses for vehicles purchased by and for your business
Costs and expenses of equipment purchased for your business ( Note : you can deduct up to $ 1 million paid for business equipment under Section 179 depreciation in the year of purchase )
Expenses related to the business use of a personal vehicle
Sales , marketing , and advertising costs
Legal and professional fees
Business - related education costs
Start - up costs ( usually amortized or depreciated over several years )
Business insurance premiums paid
Interest on business - related loans
Travel expenses for business purposes
Meals and entertainment ( subject to a 50 % limit )
Phones and Internet usage
Postage and delivery costs
Miscellaneous office and business expenses
Contributions to self - employed retirement plans – IRA , Solo 401( k ) , SEP , or SIMPLE IRA
Keep accurate records of all business - related expenses throughout the year so that you can take advantage of any that apply to you .
Tax Deductible Medical Expenses
There are two ways that you can deduct medical expenses :
By itemized deduction .
If you itemize your deductions , you can write off medical expenses .
But , there is a catch – they are only deductible to the extent that they exceed 7.5 % of your adjusted gross income ( AGI ) .
If your AGI is $ 100,000 , then you will only be able to deduct medical expenses to the degree that they exceed $ 7,500 .
Medical expenses can include :
Premiums paid for health insurance ( not as part of an employer - sponsored plan ) , including Medicare premiums ( if you ’re self - employed , you can deduct the full amount of health insurance premiums paid , without having to itemize deductions )
Out - of - pocket costs for medical , dental , and vision
Uncovered medical expenses
Prescription drugs not covered by insurance
Medically necessary travel expenses
Medical mileage
Deductibles and copayments
Premiums paid for long - term care insurance
Paying through a Health Savings Account ( HSA ) .
You can set up an HSA either through your employer or on your own through a bank .
By paying medical expenses ( not including insurance premiums ) through the account , you can deduct up to $ 3,500 if you ’re single , and up to $ 7,000 if you ’re married filing jointly .
You do n’t need to itemize your deductions to take advantage of this program .
Tax Deductions for Charitable Deductions , Including Clothing
You can deduct charitable contributions , but only if you itemize your deductions .
Cash donations are easy enough to prove .
You ’ll typically get a statement from the charity acknowledging how much you ’ve contributed throughout the year .
If not , you can use copies of canceled checks or other written evidence of your contributions .
Less certain is donations of items , like clothing .
It ’s common for people to give clothing donations to organizations like Goodwill and the American Kidney Association .
When you do , you can estimate the value of the items given , unless the organization provides you with some sort of written evidence .
You can list the items donated , and use different estimates of value .
One of the most common is what is referred to as Thrift Shop Value .
You can do this on items totaling up to $ 500 .
If the value is higher than $ 500 , you ’ll need to file IRS Form 8283 , Noncash Charitable Contributions .
Mortgage Interest Deduction
As in 2018 , the mortgage interest deduction will be limited to loans up to $ 750,000 , or $ 350,000 for married filing separately .
Under the old tax law you could deduct interest paid on mortgage indebtedness on loans up to $ 1 million .
You can continue deducting mortgage interest on up to $ 1 million of indebtedness on loans taken before December 15 , 2017 .
But any new indebtedness will be subject to the new limits .
Deduction for State Income , Real Estate , and Sales Tax
For 2019 , your deduction is limited to $ 10,000 if you are married filing jointly , or $ 5,000 if you ’re married filing separately .
The deduction limit applies to all state and local taxes paid , not to each tax type individually .
Tax Gift and Inheritance Rules
IRS Gifting Rules
A major area of confusion with gift taxes is who pays it ?
It would seem logical that the recipient of the gift pays the tax , but that ’s not how it works .
Under IRS regulations , it ’s the giver of the gift who pays the tax .
Generally speaking , the gift tax comes into the picture only when you are transferring money to someone other than your spouse .
It often does apply when you ’re transferring money to your children .
Most people wo n’t be affected by the gift tax , which is also closely tied to the estate tax .
For example , for 2019 , taxpayers have a lifetime exclusion of $ 11.4 million , or $ 22.8 million for married couples .
The tax is only applicable on amounts that exceed that limit .
For 2019 , you can gift up to $ 15,000 without incurring the gift tax .
If you exceed that amount in any given year , you can apply the gift as a reduction of your lifetime exclusion .
This can be done by filing IRS Form 709 , United States Gift ( and Generation - Skipping Transfer ) Tax Return , which will apply the excess against your lifetime exclusion .
Understanding Estate / Inheritance Tax and Inherited IRA Rules
Estate tax – a .k.a. , inheritance tax– is closely tied to gift taxes ( gifts are essentially an advance on an inheritance ) .
Much like the gift tax , they do n’t apply to money inherited by your spouse , but can apply to your children .
Once again , they are due only on estates with a value of more than $ 11.4 million ( for 2019 ) or $ 22.8 million for married couples .
The estate tax – sometimes known as the death tax– can be as high as 40 % of the estate transferred , beyond the lifetime exclusion .
But again , because of the exclusion , it wo n’t apply to most people .
Inherited IRAs .
There are special rules for these accounts .
When a spouse inherits an IRA , it ’s subject to required minimum distributions ( RMD ) after age 70 ½.
But , if an IRA is inherited by children or grandchildren , the rules are different .
You ’ll have to begin taking IRA distributions in one of the following two ways :
Taking distributions over five years , sufficient to empty the account , or taking annual distributions , determined by the beneficiary ’s life expectancy .
The second method will preserve the account for the beneficiary ’s lifetime and enable continued accumulation of tax - deferred investment income .
Should You Do a Charitable Remainder Trust ?
This is a type of trust that provides you with a reliable stream of income for the rest of your life .
It ’s also an irrevocable trust , which means that once it ’s established , it can not be revoked .
A charitable remainder trust ( CRT ) has certain tax advantages .
The income that it generates is not subject to income tax , unless it has unrelated business income .
You can transfer appreciated assets into the trust where they can be liquidated .
No capital gains tax will apply .
Funds will become taxable only when they are distributed to you in accordance with the payout plan set up for the trust .
A CRT can also be a benefit if you have a large estate that may be subject to estate tax .
The transferred funds reduce your estate , and thereby the tax that may apply upon your death .
CRTs are complex legal arrangements that will require the services of an attorney .
Tax Considerations for Your Children
Custodial Accounts for Minors – UGMAs and UTMAs
Many parents want to create savings and investments for their children .
But , minors are not legally capable of owning accounts .
The workaround for this limitation is to set up an account under the Uniform Gifts to Minors Act ( UGMA ) or the Uniform Transfers to Minors Act ( UTMA ) .
With one of these accounts , you act as custodian , then the account transfers to your child once they reach the age of majority .
You can set up one of these accounts in all types of financial institutions , including banks and brokerage firms .
There is no ceiling on how much you can contribute , but most parents limit contributions to $ 15,000 to avoid the gift tax .
The money in the account can be used for any purpose related to your child .
This eliminates the restriction that funds be used strictly for education , as is the case with 529 plans and education savings accounts ( ESAs ) .
Income earned within a UGMA / UTMA account can be subject to the “ kiddie tax . ”
As shown earlier , Iit works like this :
The first $ 1,050 in unearned income by the minor is tax - free .
Above $ 1,050 is taxed at the child ’s rate , not the parent ’s rate .
If the income is over $ 2,100 , and the parents are in the 25 % tax bracket , then that ’s the tax rate that will apply .
529 Plans
If you have children , you ’ll want to check out the 529 College Savings Plan .
There ’s no immediate tax benefit to you as the contributor to the plan .
But the 529 Plan does allow for tax - deferred accumulation of investment earnings that will enable you to save for your childrens ’ college educations .
You invest money primarily in mutual funds , and the funds can be withdrawn tax - free when taken for qualified education expenses .
In this way , you get an important tax break on the back end when the funds are withdrawn .
529 plans are administered by each individual state .
Check and see the details of the plan available in your state .
Tips to Pay Your Taxes
Paying Taxes on Earned Income
If you ’re paid by salary , taxes will be withheld and paid to the IRS for you .
But , if you ’re self - employed or a contractor , you ’ll need to set up estimated tax payments .
To do that , you ’ll first have to make a reasonable estimate of the income you expect to receive during the course of the year .
You will also have to make a good estimate of the expenses incurred to produce that income .
You will then have to calculate your income tax liability based on your net profit .
You ’ll also have to pay self - employment tax , which is the self - employed equivalent of the FICA tax .
It ’s equal to 15.3 % of your net profit .
That ’s in addition to federal income tax .
Estimated taxes are due on four dates each year :
April 15
June 15
September 15
January 15 of the following year
You can make the payments either by completing form IRS 1040 - ES , Estimated Tax and mailing it with a check to the United States Treasury or by making your payment online from your bank account through IRS Direct Pay .
Paying Federal Income Tax on Retirement or Bonus Income
What can you do if you receive a bonus , one large enough to impact your tax situation ?
Or , how do you handle the tax liability on retirement income ?
You can avoid the tax liability at filing time by making additional tax payments .
There are three ways that you can do this :
If the bonus comes early in the year , contact your payroll department and have your withholding tax increased .
If it occurs later in the year , make estimated tax payment directly to the IRS .
Using IRS Direct
Pay you can make a payment using a credit card or directly from your bank account .
Ask your retirement plan trustee to withhold income taxes on your distributions , similar to federal withholding on your payroll .
If you make an estimated tax payment , do it as soon as you receive your bonus or retirement income .
This ensures you will have the money available to pay the tax .
Paying it immediately will also eliminate the possibility of interest and penalties .
How to Pay Your Taxes Online ( with a Credit Card )
You can pay your taxes online directly to the IRS , using either a credit or debit card .
There is a small fee of $ 2 to $ 2.59 if you pay by debit card and just under 2 % of the amount paid if you use a credit card .
The fees may be a small price to pay if you need to make a quick payment .
They will most likely be less than the penalties and interest the IRS will impose on late payments .
You can use online payments to pay your remaining tax bill , your estimated taxes , or any other tax due to the IRS .
How to Get Your Tax Refund As Soon As Possible
The best way to expedite your refund is to e-file your return .
You ’ll generally get your refund back within two weeks .
If you paper file your return , it can take 6 to 8 weeks .
So if you ’re in a hurry , e-file .
To get the refund even quicker , set up direct deposit .
You can do that on page 2 of your tax return .
It will enable the IRS to get your refund in your bank account without the delay caused by mailing a check .
You ’ll probably want to avoid instant tax refund offers .
This is where tax preparers offer to provide your refund upon the completion of your return .
But , it ’s actually what ’s known as a refund anticipation loan , not the actual receipt of your refund .
You will pay interest and fees on the loan , which will reduce the size of your refund .
Exactly how much depends on the tax preparer .
How to Avoid Income Tax Refund Fraud
Tax refund fraud is one of the fastest - growing forms of identity theft .
A thief steals your identity then uses it to file a bogus tax return with the IRS .
The return includes a very generous refund , which is paid to the thief .
The thief files the return early in the year before you have a chance to do so .
The refund is sent directly to the thief .
Once the fraud occurs , you ’re prevented from filing your tax return .
You ’re notified that it ’s already been filed .
It ’s a messy situation , but fortunately , it can be resolved cleanly .
The IRS is aware of the problem and works with taxpayers to get it resolved .
You need to file IRS Form 14039 , Identity Theft Affidavit , and attach any necessary documentation .
You may be asked to supply your state issued ID card or driver ’s license .
The process can take up to six months , but once it ’s completed , your tax situation will be corrected .
That will include the proper tax refund or liability , based on your actual return .
What to Do with Unfiled Tax Returns and Back Taxes Owed
Let ’s start with unfiled tax returns .
You will need to gather any documents that you need , just as you would for preparing your current return .
Any documents you do not have – possibly due to the passage of time – you may be able to obtain from the IRS .
This can include W - 2s and 1099s that have been provided to the IRS by employers and vendors .
You should prepare and file each return individually , assuming you need to file for more than one year .
It may turn out that you have a refund coming .
But , you may also owe taxes .
If you do , you should make a payment as soon as possible .
The IRS will assess penalties and interest that will be billed at a later date .
If you ca n’t pay the tax liability due , there are two ways to handle the situation :
Make an Offer in Compromise .
The IRS may agree to accept a lower amount if you qualify for a hardship .
Set up an installment agreement .
You can arrange to pay your tax liability over as long as 72 months .
It wo n’t make the debt go away , but it will give you an extended time to pay with an affordable monthly payment .
How to Avoid a Tax Audit – And What to Do if You Are Audited
Your chance of being audited is relatively small , especially if you have a relatively ordinary tax situation .
But , the likelihood increases if you are high income , self - employed , have unusual income sources , or take very large deductions .
In most audits , the IRS is looking for a specific piece of information .
For example , they may request that you document a certain expense category you have taken .
This usually involves supplying information by mail .
You should cooperate fully by providing all information requested in a timely fashion .
The more detailed face - to - face audit occurs in one of two situations :
You ’ve understated your income , and / or you ’ve overstated your expenses .
You can avoid the first problem by accurately reporting all income .
In the second case , make sure that your deductions are reasonable .
Outsized expenses are one of the major triggers for audits .
For example , if you claim business travel equal to 60 % of your income , you ’re inviting an audit .
If your business consistently loses money – or earns very little – that ’s another red flag .
A large deduction for business use of the home is still another factor .
Be sure that you document all expenses , and that they are reasonable in comparison to the income they are producing .
If your tax returns are prepared by a CPA or an enrolled agent , either can represent you before the IRS .
If you use a tax software preparation program , you can often purchase some form of audit defense to provide assistance in an audit .
How Does Consumer Debt Affect Your Taxes ?
There ’s a little - known wrinkle in the tax code when it comes to consumer debt .
No , it ’s not that the interest on consumer debt is tax - deductible .
It generally is n’t .
This has to do with unpaid consumer debt .
If you fail to pay a debt , or you settle the debt for less than the full amount owed , the IRS allocates that to the taxable income .
For example , if you fail to pay a $ 10,000 credit card debt , the full amount of the debt is considered taxable income .
If you pay only $ 4,000 of the debt , and default on the remainder , then $ 6,000 is considered taxable income to you .
The debtor can issue IRS Form 1099 - C , Cancellation of Debt .
You will have to report the amount on your tax return , where it will be taxed as ordinary income .
If the canceled debt is $ 10,000 , and you ’re in a 15 % tax bracket , you will owe $ 1,500 in additional income tax .
How To File a Tax Extension
Tax Extension Requirements
You ’ve just been busy .
I know , me too .
Your hard drive crashed and you need to gather up your notes and all your stock transactions .
Your aunt in New Jersey passed away , and suddenly April 14th is here now that you ’ve returned from the funeral .
I do n’t care what your reason is for needing to file late ( although I am sorry if you lost a relative or loved one ) and truth be told , neither does the IRS .
They do , however , care about two things : first , that you tell them via Form 4868 ( Application for Automatic Extension of Time to File U.S. Individual Income Tax Return ) , and that you pay most of your tax liability for the year .
In this case , this probably means that if you owe the greater of 10 % of your final tax liability or $ 1000 , you will be hit with a penalty in addition to interest on the amount owed .
So as long as you ’ve paid this amount , you will only be charged interest .
You can always find the most current interest rate by going to News Releases and Fact Sheets and looking for the news release with Interest Rates in the title .
If you owe an amount small enough to carry no penalty , this is a pretty reasonable rate , certainly better than charging the fee to your credit card .
Filing a Tax Extension Gives You Time
Keep in mind , the extension also gives you the extra six months to recharacterize money you converted from a Traditional IRA to a Roth .
By changing some of it back , you might reduce your tax liability just enough to avoid the penalty .
This involves a bit of tinkering with your tax software , but it ’s worth the effort to save those dollars .
On this note , there is a Roth trick that savvy planners have been using to maximize their clients ’ wealth .
Say you wish to convert $ 5000 to a Roth account .
Right now , chose two funds or stocks worth $ 5000 and convert to two separate Roth accounts .
When your tax return is due , recharacterize the account that ’s lower in value .
This strategy can be done with any number of accounts , so long as you remember to recharacterize .
Otherwise , you ’ll get a hefty unwanted tax bill .
If you simply do n’t file your tax return , you can be penalized 5 % of the amount owed up to 25 % maximum .
Ouch .
Tax Extensions for Business Owners
For a self - employed individual , there is an added benefit to requesting an extension – retirement accounts can be funded right up until the due date of the return , including the extension .
This gives you until the October 15th date to raise the money to put into the plan .
For those whose business is cyclic or simply going through a down year , this extra time is a perk to be aware of .
How to File An Amended Tax Return
Reasons for Filing an Amendment
Having a Homer Simpson “ Doh ! ” like moment when it comes to filing your tax return is not the most comforting feeling .
But , mistakes do happen , even to the best of us .
Realizing that a mistake was made on a tax return can cause one to get nervous about audits or delayed refunds – sweaty palms , anyone ?
However , it happens all the time , and the IRS even has a specific form just for filing amendments .
When one files an amended tax return it voids the previously filed return and becomes the new tax return .
The reasons for filing a tax amendment can vary .
Typically , the filing status was chosen incorrectly ( for example , single instead of head of household ) , income amounts were reported wrong ( perhaps a forgotten W - 2 arrived in the mail after the return was filed ) , or deductions and credits were miscalculated .
In some cases , the number of dependents is claimed incorrectly .
This can often happen in the case of divorce , where both parents attempt to claim the children as dependents , or neither claims the children ( assuming the other had ) .
The IRS says that common calculations errors caught by the IRS computer system are not a reason to have to file an amended return .
Where to Begin the Amendment Process
Your first stop is to visit www.irs.gov or the local library for a copy of Form 1040X , Amended U.S. Individual Income Tax Return .
The form will need to be completed carefully and accurately .
The only information that needs to be entered is the corrected information .
It is helpful to have the original tax return on hand to view and to take note of the items needing to be corrected .
Where Should an Amendment be Filed ?
If an additional refund is owed , taxpayers must wait until the original refund is issued and may cash that refund check before filing an amended return .
If additional tax is due , the tax must be paid by April 15th of the year that the amendment is filed .
One should NOT file another original return with changes made after the first return is submitted , even if the original return looks to have not been received or processed by the IRS yet .
This can cause confusion and a delay in any refunds .
Is There a Time Limit ?
Typically amendments must be filed within 36 months of the date that the tax return needing corrections was filed .
There are some exceptions to this rule , details of which can be found at the IRS website : www.irs.gov.
How to File
Each amended return must be filed by mail in a separate envelope with the year of the return written on the form .
There is also an area on Form 1040X to explain the reasons for the amendment which must be filled out .
Additionally :
Any additional schedules , W2’s , 1099 ’s , or other forms affecting the amendment must be included .
Amended returns can not be filed electronically and must be sent by regular postal mail .
It can take 8 - 12 weeks for the IRS to process an amended return .
If a taxpayer is amending a return in response to a letter from the IRS , the address of where to mail the amended return will be included .
To find out where to mail an amended return in other situations , refer to the instruction booklet or the IRS website for the address for each state .
As always , if you ’re not comfortable doing it on your own , consult a tax professional to assist you .
How to Lower Your Tax Bill This Year
Nobody likes paying taxes .
Not that they do n’t pay for some things we definitely need .
Roads , some kinds of healthcare , representation in the government , and lots of other things America needs to keep itself running .
They are a necessary evil in a civilized society .
But still – we all hate paying them .
Anybody with me ?
And , if possible , I think everyone would like to pay less money into them .
I ’m here to tell you that it ’s possible to reduce your taxes with a couple of different tactics .
Some of them may mean the money you ’d spend is contributed anyway , but others allow you to keep the money in different ways .
Reduce Taxes Through Your 401k , 403b , or 457
One of the best possible ways to reduce your taxes is to contribute to a 401k or some kind of IRA ( like a Roth , SIMPLE , or Education IRA ) .
These retirement - oriented investments allow you to put money away into safekeeping to be withdrawn at a future date .
If you leave the money in for the term agreed to by the individual IRA situation , you get to withdraw it completely tax - free .
So , by investing your money into retirement funds before it is taxed , you completely avoid the tax on those dollars and you get to keep the money .
If you are not self - employed , employer sponsored plans are your largest resource to reduce your taxes while simultaneously saving for your retirement .
Do n’t Forget the Match
Additionally , your employer may offer to match your contributions up to a certain percent .
That ’s an absolute no brainer .
When an employer offers to match your contribution , you should almost always take advantage of that to its full extent .
It ’s like free money .
My top recommendation to people looking to lower their taxes is to get involved with some kind of IRA or retirement planning .
Look For All Possible Deductions
Additionally , make sure that you look through the list of possible adjustments to your tax bill every year .
You can deduct things like student loan interest paid , classroom related expenses , and other items .
There are a number of pages in your tax documentation every year listing the possible adjustments you can take .
Deductions are the other major area to take advantage of when looking to reduce your taxes .
There ’s a standard deduction for most people , and there are additional deductions that some people may be able to itemize .
Things like vehicle expenses , expenses involved with running your own business , interest paid on your mortgage , fees related to investments or tax preparations , or even donations to charity .
All of these items give you some wiggle room in lowering your taxes .
Give Me Some Credit
Once you ’ve found all the ways to save money on taxes , it ’s a good idea to look at potential tax credits .
One that most people can take advantage of is the Lifetime Learner tax credit .
This tax credit allows you to write off the costs of college classes no matter what your level of education .
There ’s also no requirement that college classes be germane to your area of study or employment .
If you work as a computer programmer but have an interest in the history of Presidents of the United States , classes on that topic would likely qualify you for the Lifetime Learner Credit .
Another credit you might apply for is if you make energy efficient changes to your home .
If you ’re not sure what deductions or credits you may apply for , find a good accountant to help you out .
Many people I talk to think it ’s not worth hiring an accountant to do their taxes , but what if they introduce you to a few deductions or credits that you were n’t aware of ?
The tax preparation fee could be offset by them .
It never hurts to ask , especially if it helps reduce your taxable income .
Strategies to Lower Your Bill
For the calendar year just past ( 2019 ) , your options here are limited .
There are two that you can make , however , as long as you act prior to April 15 :
Make an IRA contribution , if it will be tax - deductible .
You ’re eligible to make this contribution right up until the tax filing deadline .
Make a contribution to a health savings account ( HSA ) .
For the current tax year ( 2020 ) , you have a lot more options :
Increase your tax withholding or your estimated tax payments .
Pay any allowable deductible expenses before the current year end ( expenses that could be paid in either December or January ) .
Maximize contributions to retirement plans .
Make an IRA contribution , if it is deductible under IRS income limits .
Purchase energy efficient equipment for your home and get a tax credit .
Sell losing investment positions just before year - end , to offset gains .
Purchase a hybrid or electric car .
You can get a tax credit of up to $ 7,500 ( however , this credit is due to begin phasing out in 2019 so you wo n’t get the full credit ) .
Take advantage of any available education tax credits .
How Starting a Business Can Lower Next Year ’s Tax Bill
Starting a business this year can lower your tax bill when you file next spring .
It ’s because businesses have certain tax advantages that are not available to salaried workers .
There are several ways this is possible :
You can deduct from your income any expenses incurred to produce that income .
Self - employed retirement plans are more generous than those typically available for salaried workers :
Net Operating Loss Carryforward .
Most businesses sustain a loss in the first year of operation .
But , that loss can be carried forward to future tax years , reducing future tax liabilities .
Most businesses sustain a loss in the first year of operation .
But , that loss can be carried forward to future tax years , reducing future tax liabilities .
Tax - Deductible Health Insurance Premiums .
If you ’re self - employed , you can deduct the cost of health insurance without needing to itemize your deductions .
You can also set up an HSA to pay out - of - pocket medical costs , and also get a tax deduction .
If you ’re self - employed , you can deduct the cost of health insurance without needing to itemize your deductions .
You can also set up an HSA to pay out - of - pocket medical costs , and also get a tax deduction .
Depreciation and Amortization .
Business equipment purchased can be depreciated over several years .
Organization costs can be amortized in the same way .
This will give you “ paper losses ” for tax purposes for several years going forward .
Final Thoughts
This guide should cover all the basics of preparing your tax return , as well as introduce you to some of the more complex issues .
Use it as a guide to get started , then get as much information as you need wherever necessary .
If you ’re using a paid preparer , or a tax preparation software package , most of this will be handled for you automatically .
But , it will help to know everything that applies to your tax situation so you will be fully prepared with any information or documentation necessary .
While CPAC may seem like hostile territory for liberals , reporters from Huffington Post , Talking Points Memo and ThinkProgress are all on hand today at the Marriott Wardman Park .
And MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow , one of the left ’s leading voices , is also taking in the conservative action .
“ I did n’t plan to come to Washington to cover CPAC , ” Maddow told POLITICO , adding that she was actually in the city for a Library of Congress event .
“ Since I was in town , and I knew we ’d be talking about CPAC , it made sense to just stop by and see for myself , ” Maddow said .
Maddow said she ’s been invited in the past and praised CPAC for opening the door to media that are not exactly sympathetic to the cause .
“ They ’ve made very overt efforts in years past , even when they were n’t nearly as big a deal on the political scene , with outreach to talk radio , including progressive talk radio , ” Maddow said .
“ I do appreciate the way they ’ve been unafraid in terms of the media that they ’ve invited , ” she continued .
“ I think that ’s one of the things CPAC ’s done right .
I ’ve always had a lot of respect for them for that . ”
Some other events on the right , she said , have n’t been so open to left - leaning press .
“ You see it now at a lot of conservative events happening now , GOP events and conservative events where they ’re closed to the media or [ open just to ] handpicked media , and that ’s an embarrassment , ” she said .
“ CPAC ’s never been like that . "
Maddow will be hosting her show from Washington over the next two days but wo n’t be sticking around for Saturday ’s closing night speaker , Fox ’s Glenn Beck .
( Photo courtesy of Patrick Gavin , one of the POLITICO reporters flooding the zone at CPAC )
UPDATE : Gavin also caught up with Maddow , who mentions our similar taste in eyewear .
Video after the jump .
comments closed
permalink
Blue Hill Farm .
He 's a very smart , very funny guy , who 's passionate about food on every level from preparing the ingredients of the dishes in his restaurants to the logistics of feeding the planet .
" data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
Every so often at Davos you have a short , startling conversation which completely changes the way you think about a subject — and I just had one of those standing next to Dan Barber , the chef of Blue Hill Farm .
He ’s a very smart , very funny guy , who ’s passionate about food on every level from preparing the ingredients of the dishes in his restaurants to the logistics of feeding the planet .
I bumped into Barber as we were milling around the Davos conference center , waiting for the panel on “ rethinking how to feed the world ” to begin .
I asked him what he thought of the food in Switzerland ; he compared in unfavorably to what he was fed by the airline on the way over here .
“ I have n’t seen a vegetable since Thursday , ” he added , looking a bit overwhelmed by the number of things that the Swiss seem to be able to do with bread , cheese , and bit of veal .
When the panel started , I could almost see the steam coming out of Barber ’s ears .
It featured two heads of state ; two agribusiness CEOs ; a representative from the World Bank ; and Bill Gates .
All of them looked at food mainly as a matter of logistics and problem - solving , and they seemed to do so with real good will and good motives .
( Well , maybe not the CEO of ADM . )
But they were all very much bought into a model which looks , to Barber ’s eyes , incredibly shaky .
Essentially the problem is that the people on the panel have internalized the principles of comparative advantage and free trade to the point at which they are more or less incapable of thinking any other way .
In a Ricardian world it makes sense for Ohio to overwhelmingly grow corn and soy , since growing corn and soy is what it does best .
And because of economies of scale , it makes sense to grow just one type of each , on farms of mind - boggling size .
Ohio can then trade all that corn and soy for the food it wants to eat , and everybody is better off .
Except in reality it does n’t work like that .
Monocultures are naturally prone to disastrous outbreaks of disease , which can wipe out an entire crop .
The panel at Davos has a favored method of dealing with such things : the development of disease - resistant crop strains , often through high - tech and patentable genetic modification .
Bright research scientists create clever transgenic crops , and then people like Bill Gates and the World Bank try to get them broadly adopted while setting well - intentioned staffers to work minimizing potential problems with IP licensing .
Innovation through agricultural technology is the obvious and necessary solution to the problem of global hunger .
Barber is n’t anti-science , nor is he anti-innovation .
But he knows ( and the panelists know too ) that a system of globalized agriculture can break down , as we saw during the commodity boom of 2008 .
As the price of soy and rice and wheat soared , exporters started hoarding rather than selling , and importers could n’t obtain necessary supplies at any price .
As the World Bank ’s Ngozi Okonjo - Iweala noted , Ukraine had 5 million tons of surplus wheat , but the international food markets were very thin , and it was extremely difficult to get that wheat exported .
The system did n’t work like it was meant to : when put to a real - world test , it broke down .
Problems associated with monocultures can pop up even when there is n’t a commodity - price bubble , too : look , for instance , at the tomato plight which devastated the northeast US last year .
Barber explains clearly what happened : millions of more - or - less identical starter plants were transported across the US by huge corporations like Home Depot and Wal - Mart which have neither the inclination nor the ability to notice when the plants are showing signs of blight .
Those starters , planted by enthusiastic amateurs across the nation , then started “ transferring their pathogens like tiny Trojan horses ” into the local biosphere .
The solution to this problem , in Barber ’s view , is indeed disease - resistant plants , but not in the sense that a company like DuPont thinks of such things .
To many advocates of sustainability , science , when it ’s applied to agriculture , is considered suspect , a violation of the slow food aesthetic …
That includes the development of plants with natural resistance to blight and other diseases — plants like the Mountain Magic tomato , an experimental variety from Cornell that the Stone Barns Center is testing in a field trial .
So far there ’s been no evidence of disease in these plants , while more than 70 percent of the heirloom varieties of tomatoes have succumbed to the pathogen .
Mountain Magic is an example of regionalized breeding .
For years , this kind of breeding has fallen by the wayside …
Healthy , natural systems abhor uniformity — just as a healthy society does …
What does the resilient farm of the future look like ?
I saw it the other day .
The farmer was growing 30 or so different crops , with several varieties of the same vegetable .
Some were heirloom varieties , many were n’t .
He showed me where he had pulled out his late blight - infected tomato plants and replaced them with beans and an extra crop of Brussels sprouts for the fall .
He wo n’t make the same profit as he would have from the tomato harvest , but he was n’t complaining , either .
This kind of thinking involves education , but not education of the top - down , web - enabled type that one hears so much about at Davos every year .
Instead , it ’s a slower but more robust form of bottom - up education , enabling farmers to identify problems , find their own individual solutions , and reject one - size - fits - all approaches .
Everybody in the audience was excited when Bill Gates started talking about how much extra wealth flood - resistant rice strains brought to some of the poorest rice farmers in south - east Asia .
But no one talked about creating relatively small and self - sufficient agricultural communities : the model is still very much that you sell your one crop for money , and then use that money to buy whatever other food you might need .
And there are big problems with that model , not least because the hungriest nations on earth tend to lack the transportation infrastructure necessary to affordably get different crops from one side of the country to the other .
There was some interesting talk on the panel about what the CEO of ADM called “ post - harvest innovation ” — research into the questions of how to get food from big producers of single crops and into the mouths of the hungry without it spoiling or getting somehow diverted or lost .
And there was lots of talk based on a simple — indeed , simplistic — syllogism : there are 1 billion hungry people in the world who suffer from malnutrition , therefore there is n’t enough food in the world and we need to invest in agricultural innovation so that we can produce more .
But Barber does n’t buy it : there ’s more than enough food in the world already , he says .
Literally more than enough : look at what ’s happening to obesity rates , and look at how much food is wasted every day .
In a world producing corn and soy on a mega - industrial scale , more food does n’t necessarily mean less hunger : it ’s much more likely to simply result in more waste and worse public health .
Barber ’s vision of farmers listening to nature and producing a wide variety of crops suited to the local terroir is compelling , even if it is n’t a panacea : I ’d urge you to watch his TED talk , especially where he ties it all together in the final three minutes .
Food will always be a commodity , and as the world becomes increasingly urbanized , it will always be trucked in to massive cities over long distances .
But there ’s no reason why different cities in the same country should increasingly eat exactly the same food .
Localization and heterogeneity have to be part of the solution , and there was no sense of that at all on the Davos panel .
When I was at Davos two years ago , Michael Pollan and Alice Waters were big draws .
This year , Barber is getting a lot of attention .
But there seems to be a disconnect : people think of the locavores as solving a luxury problem of how to eat healthier and more delicious food in rich countries , and they ’re not asking whether they have anything to teach with respect to big questions like world hunger .
That might be changing : Barber told me about a brief conversation he had with Bill Clinton , where Clinton said that he now greatly regrets a lot of the agricultural policies he put in place as president .
And Clinton , of course , is thinking long and hard about designing agricultural systems these days , given that agricultural production accounts for most of the wealth of Haiti and needs to be rebuilt more or less from scratch .
Here ’s hoping that Clinton helps to build an agricultural system in Haiti which is designed first and foremost to feed Haitians through diverse local food production , and only secondarily to provide export income to buy food and other necessities .
Because the cash - crop model , as we ’ve seen many times , is far too prone to disastrous failure .
Behold !
A comic !
We found the time to make this comic even though Tony was doing a cameo in an SMBC Theater sketch and Wes … well , we do n’t talk about what Wes did .
In one of the clearest statements of US intentions towards Iran , the defence secretary , Robert Gates , talked on a visit to Iraq in December about the inherent unpredictability of war .
If they had learned anything from the past six years in Iraq , he said , it was that .
Mr Gates said that military strikes would only delay Iran 's nuclear programme by about " two or three years " and that significant additional sanctions were the best of a series of bad options .
If Mr Gates ' view still holds , yesterday 's reports that the US administration was fast - forwarding deployment of anti-missile defences in at least four Arab countries , and placing ships off the Iranian coast , should be seen as a preparation not for war , but for more sanctions .
Unfortunately , any US military buildup in the Persian Gulf is inherently unpredictable .
Seen from inside Iran , the threatened deployment of anti-missile defences can only be bad news .
The two defeated candidates , Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi , called on Saturday for a mass protest on 11 February , the anniversary of the Islamic revolution , despite the hanging of two dissidents last week and warnings from the Revolutionary Guard that the protest would be crushed .
We do n't know how deep the crack is inside the Iranian regime , but with every mass demonstration and subsequent act of state repression it widens slightly .
The Iranian regime explains the increasing domestic foment to itself , and the nation at large , as the work of foreign powers .
It has recently turned on German diplomats , but India has been accused of meddling in Baluchistan ; Britain and the US are for ever in the frame , and there is now a list of 60 " subversive " international organisations , among them the BBC , accused of conspiring against the state .
What deterrence do Patriot missiles or Aegis cruisers provide for a regime yearning for an opportunity to put a definitive end to months of political unrest ?
It provides them with every incentive to brand legitimate political opponents as the enemy within .
Mr Obama is signalling that he is about to withdraw the hand he extended , after the offer to enrich uranium outside Iran 's borders was rejected .
In truth , negotiations were too narrowly focused and given too little time – months , in comparison to the years in which sanctions have operated unsuccessfully .
Instead of probing the divisions that exist between pragmatists and ideologues within the ruling elite , Mr Obama may be unintentionally cementing them .
He is reverting to a policy that his predecessor , George Bush , followed on Iran , and it is far from clear whether the result will be any different .
China and Russia will not follow him down this path .
Canadian Cpl. Joshua Caleb Baker died in Afghanistan Friday in a shooting range accident during normal training , a senior officer said Saturday .
Baker 's death raises to 140 the number of Canadian soldiers to die in the country since 2002 .
Four Canadian civilians have also been killed , including a diplomat , a journalist and two aid workers .
Baker , 24 , died and four other soldiers were hurt at a shooting range about four kilometres from Kandahar .
" This type of training is normal for soldiers in - theatre and essential in helping them to maintain high levels of expertise , " Brig . - Gen. Daniel Menard , Canada 's top commander in Kandahar , said in a news release .
The nature of the accident has not been disclosed .
The military is investigating .
Baker 's casket was loaded on a plane for the return to Canada Saturday as sombre soldiers saluted and a piper played .
Baker " had a laugh rumoured to cure cancer , " Menard said .
The four wounded were taken by helicopter to hospital at Kandahar airfield and are in stable condition .
Their names will not be released .
Baker , from Edmonton , served with the Loyal Edmonton Regiment , 4th Battalion Princess Patricia 's Canadian Light Infantry , the Defence Department said .
Flags at the Edmonton garrison flew at half mast Saturday .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper issued a statement expressing his condolences to family and friends .
Baker 's body is scheduled to arrive at CFB Trenton on Monday .
Putting together the picks of the decade in food and drink books has been rather a painful process , not least due to the number of outstanding volumes published in the last gasp of the old century .
The trickiest example was Fergus Henderson 's Nose to Tail Eating , which was first published in 1999 , so in a nearly - cheating move , we allowed our contributors to pick it in its later various guises , all referring back to the influence of the original .
Thomas Keller 's French Laundry Cookbook and Gary Rhodes ' New British Classics , a book on British cooking that many feel has n't been rivalled since , also first saw the light of day in 1999 .
It was also in the same year that the Naked Chef was published , the first title released by the then fresh - faced Jamie Oliver who has since become something of an icon and dominated the bestselling food and drink books list ever since .
It 's an oft - noted fact that sales of celebrity chef cookbooks and autobiographies have taken off as the publishing industry has slumped , as both slot neatly into the ' book as gift ' phenomenon .
We have included a few notable examples in the list as they have had undeniable influence , but for the most part we 've averted our gaze from the bestsellers and focused more on the books that our contributors - a well read and thoughtful bunch of food lovers - have cherished , and we hope you 'll find some titles you were unaware of .
We 've ummed and aahhed , mulled and moaned , and in the end compiled the list of the top 40 you see here .
Interestingly , every single one of our panel plumped for McGee as a pick of the noughties ( and many for Michael Pollan 's In Defence of Food ) until I asked them to stop in the interests of variety ( and even then , they persisted ! ) .
We had an interesting nomination that I think is worthy of mention , David Foster Wallace 's essay Consider the Lobster , written originally for the now defunct Gourmet magazine , which , argued the contributor , " set the bar for food writing for a generation " .
If you have n't already read it , do .
But back to the books .
Of course , no list is definitive so you will , of course , let us know what you think we got wrong , but hopefully there will be some titles here that you might be inspired to seek out or that move you to add your voice to the chorus of praise .
Our top 10 are those that were most consistently nominated by our panel , the next six were picked by more than one person and the rest were the choice of a single panel member .
We also asked you to contribute thoughts , via the blog and Twitter , and we 've weaved some of these in too .
Finally , our panel , in no particular order , includes : the award - winning food writer and cook Fuchsia Dunlop , Rosie Boycott , the former newspaper editor who now advises London 's mayor on matters of food , columnist and author Tom Parker Bowles , Jay Rayner , Allegra McEvedy , Matthew Fort , Alex Renton , Joanna Blythman , Richard Ehrlich , and Tim Hayward who need no introduction here .
We 're also very grateful to restaurant critic Marina O'Loughlin , Tom Jaine of Prospect books , Bob Granleese , editor of Weekend magazine 's food section , and Will Skidelsky , the Observer 's books editor and author for their invaluable contributions .
The past decade has produced some real gems , and that lot are likely to have read most of them , so here are the books we think no serious food lover should have missed in the last 10 years .
The top 10
McGee on Food and Cooking : An Encyclopedia of Kitchen Science , History and Culture by Harold McGee
( Hodder & Stoughton , 2004 , £ 30 )
Click to buy
A greatly expanded edition of his earlier On Science and Lore of the Kitchen , Fuchsia Dunlop picked On Food and Cooking out as " one of the essential books in any cook 's library .
Useful as a reference book , and fascinating to dip into . "
Tom Jaine points out that " though molecular gastronomy may never have much impact on home cooking , this book has permanently affected how we look at food and cookery , " and Richard Ehrlich says the book " secures McGee 's position as one of the pre-eminent writers on food .
It helps to have some scientific knowledge , but even without that On Food and Cooking illuminates and stimulates on every single page .
A great book , and not just for reference but for casual or sustained reading . "
Matthew Fort has it that it is " science as it should be written - practical , clear , elegantly presented , with an astounding range of non-scientific reference . "
Bob Granleese agreed it explains in full " what really happens when you chill , freeze or apply heat to food .
All the answers are in here . "
Beyond Nose to Tail : A Kind of British Cooking : Part II , by Fergus Henderson and Justin Piers Gellatly
( Bloomsbury , 2007 , £ 17.99 )
Click to buy
Bob Granleese , like many others , chose Part II " because Part I , which is even better , came out in 1999 , so does n't count for this round - up .
Most influential British cook of his generation .
Nuff said . "
Several other panel members tried to shoehorn a reference to Henderson 's first book in too , such as Will Skidelsky : " It feels like a cookbook of the last decade , so great has its influence been during that time .
Henderson 's superb and charmingly written recipes made the whole idea of British cooking exciting again . "
Fuchsia Dunlop loved Henderson's " precise , minimalist and witty writing , and I love his recipes .
More than that , he 's the man who led the revival of British cooking , and for that I am very thankful .
For years I was embarrassed talking to Chinese friends about contemporary British food - now there 's so much to be proud about , and he planted the seed from which it all grew . "
Alex Renton plumped for The Whole Beast ( Ecco , 2004 ) " Henderson of St John is the foremost apostle of noses , trotters and every lump and gland in between .
A carnivore 's bible , a call to arms against the food waste culture . "
Tom Jaine agreed it was " the best chef 's cookbook of recent years .
He brings a new meaning to the word laconic and his choice of words is as accurate as his spicing .
And the food is mostly British which is a true relief . "
Nose to Tail eating , thinks Tim Hayward , " is a beautiful book which , quite aside from its vast influence on British cooking , speaks in the same endearingly queer cadences of its brilliant author .
It makes me smile whenever I read it . "
Kitchen Confidential , Anthony Bourdain
( Bloomsbury , 2000 , £ 8.99 in paperback )
Click to buy
This was a favourite with the restaurant critics on our panel .
" Rarely has a single book been seized upon by a profession as the true gospel in such a manner .
Kitchen Confidential , with its shameless , no - bodily - fluid - spared approach to the slippery business of kitchen life , managed exactly that , " said Jay Rayner , while Marina O'Loughlin wrote : " Like a bodice - ripper heroine , I do n't know whether I love ' Tony ' or want to smack him in the chops .
Especially since this snake - blood drinking , pig- killing memoir [ A Cook 's Tour ] launched a whole host of inferior , extreme - eating imitators .
Drenched in testosterone , it may be , but it was the original and the best . "
For Fuchsia Dunlop , " this exposé of life in the ' culinary underbelly ' of the restaurant industry is gruesome and hilarious . "
Alex Renton was amazed " to think this sweltering account of life and death beyond the swing doors is only 9 years old - Bourdain put the rock ( and the speed and the coke and the smack ) into chefs ' memoirs , and started a legend of knife - fighting , hard - drinking , Ramones - loving psycho- cooks that Gordon , Marco and co continue feebly to exploit .
Brand me with a red - hot skillet , I still love this book . "
" Reading Kitchen Confidential for the first time was an unalloyed joy , " says Tim Hayward .
" Bourdain spoke honestly about the kind of kitchens I 'd grown up in - the visceral thrill , the camaraderie , the sheer rock and roll excitement , the fire and the knives .
Nothing could have been further from the Elizabeth David books I was stuck with at the time and nothing could have been more appropriate .
For me , Bourdain rescued food from the writing of women 's magazines and made it muscular , tattooed and ripped to the gills on cheap speed . "
In Defence of Food , and The Omnivore 's Dilemma by Michael Pollan
( Penguin , 2009 , £ 9.99 ( new paperback edition ) and Bloomsbury , 2006 , £ 7.99 respectively )
Click to buy
Another hugely popular author who was picked several times for both titles .
Rosie Boycott proclaims that " Pollan is the best writer about food in the world !
In this book [ The Omnivore 's Dilemma ] he follows how various foodstuffs have come to dominate what we eat .
Anything by him is worth reading . "
For Joanna Blythman , " the urbane US writer tackles contemporary nutritional orthodoxy like a hot knife slicing through butter .
Although apparently rooted in a scientific approach , he says it is just ideology , sometimes well - intentioned , but often driven by a hunger for corporate profit .
' 30 years of nutritional advice have left us fatter , sicker , and more poorly nourished , ' he concludes .
How true . "
Click to buy
Alex Renton has it that " putting together all our fears and worries about the modern food system in one immensely readable narrative , Pollan is the James Lovelock of the better food movement . "
Fuchsia Dunlop adds : " In a world full of faddish diets and cleverly - marketed junk comestibles , Michael Pollan 's is a voice of reason .
The solution to the dietary ills of the modern western world , he argues persuasively , is simple : forget about ' nutrition ' and just eat real food , not too much , and mostly plants .
It all makes sense . "
Richard Ehrlich points out that " Pollan emerged in the '00s as one of the most thoughtful and original commentators on the modern food world , from farm to feedlot to dinner table .
This [ In Defence of Food ] is my favourite of his books , a bracing jeremiad against what 's bad ( industrial food , inane nutritional ideas , dumb- ass politicians and journalists ) and a plea for sensibly hedonistic eating . "
The River Cottage Meat Book by Hugh Fearnley - Whittingstall
( Hodder & Stoughton , 2004 , £ 30 )
Click to buy
Jay Rayner echoed a number of online voices with this choice : " Quite simply the most comprehensive and therefore influential volume on the business of cooking animals so far published .
I know any number of chefs who swear by this title . "
For Tom Parker Bowles , the book is " a mighty , comprehensive tome , but hardly a word is wasted and the perfect introduction to every form of British meat .
Barely a week passes without me hauling it down from the shelf , and I use it as much for reference as I do for recipe inspiration . "
Will Skidelsky points out that " Fearnley - Whittingstall has been at the forefront of the meat renaissance of the last decade ; this encyclopedic volume is his grand statement on the subject . "
For Tim Hayward this book " was the point for me where Fearnley - Whittingstall stopped being a hairy , posh TV eccentric and damn near attained sainthood .
He was always a good writer but the passion and knowledge in Meat really shine through .
It deserves its ' bible ' status .
Even today , it 's rare I 'll tackle a new cut or type of joint without thumbing through Hugh . "
Thai Food by David Thompson
( Pavillion , 2002 , £ 25 )
Click to buy
Bob Granleese opted for this slightly lesser known collection : " One of the world 's great cuisines finally gets the epic treatment usually reserved for classic western food cultures .
Terrifyingly well informed , unashamedly authentic ; shame it did n't sell . "
Tom Parker Bowles called it " the greatest book on Thai cookery in the English language .
Filled with history , anecdote and an astonishing range of recipes , this is the cook book at its very finest . "
Matthew Fort ( and some of our readers ) also loved it : " this changed the rules of engagement for the ethnic cookery book : more encyclopaedic , more genuine , harder work .
Brilliant . "
Sichuan Cookery by Fuchsia Dunlop
( Penguin , 2003 , £ 14.99 )
Click to buy
Tom Parker Bowles picked Sichuan Cookery because " Dunlop mixes scholarship with elegant prose and real experience of the Sichuan kitchen and in doing so created the seminal English language tome on this vibrant regional Chinese cusine . "
For Marina O'Loughlin it is " not simply a recipe book , but a real adventure round a cuisine and region that , at the time of publication , was as untravelled as the moon .
Who in 2001 had heard of ma-la , or fish - fragranced food ?
Ms Dunlop 's writing involves and enthuses – and makes you really , really hungry . "
Will Skidelsky thought the book " opened a window onto a totally different style of Chinese cooking from what one gets in most British Chinese restaurants ( although , thanks in part to its influence , that is now changing ) .
The spicy , lip - tingling recipes are easier than they look , and are all delicious . "
There were also votes for her second title , the Revolutionary Chinese Cookbook .
The Kitchen Diaries : A Year in the Kitchen by Nigel Slater
( Fourth Estate , 2007 , £ 16.99 in paperback )
Click to buy
Matthew Fort described Slater 's book as : " My friend in the kitchen .
The book I wish I had written .
Except that I do n't have Nigel Slater 's industry , ingenuity or warm , affectionate , kindly way with words .
No wonder the man 's a national treasure . "
For Joanna Blythman , it was " the first mainstream cookbook to make seasonal eating look delicious and credible .
Ever since I got it , 95 % of my cookbooks have become redundant " .
Slater 's Kitchen Diaries , Toast , and Appetite were probably the books most mentioned by online readers .
The Moro Cookbook by Sam and Sam Clark
( Ebury , 2003 , £ 17.50 )
Click to buy
Jay Rayner admitted that : " like thousands of others I own this rather lovely book but ... I 've never cooked from it .
No particular reason .
It just never offered what I wanted at any particular moment .
However , so many of my friends have cooked from it for me at dinner parties , that the influence of its clever riffs on Iberian and Moorish cuisine cannot be denied . "
Tom Parker Bowles has it that this book " wafted onto an adoring public upon a cloud of woodsmoke and good paprika , moving away from familiar tapas and paella and instead exploring the Moorish influence on Spanish food .
The restaurant is still as good as ever , and my copy of the book battered from constant use . "
Will Skidelsky says : " the Clarks ' no -nonsense approach to Spanish and north African cooking translated wonderfully well into the domestic kitchen , making this one of the must - have cookbooks of the last 10 years . "
The Big Fat Duck Cook Book by Heston Blumenthal
( Bloomsbury , 2008 , £ 125 )
Click to buy
Matthew Fort recognised that " of course , none but the most bonkers will attempt the recipes , but as an all - singing , all - dancing , once - and - for - all history of one of the most extraordinary restaurants ever , this is a monster , and worth every penny . "
Jay Rayner felt similarly : " It 's gargantuan , unwieldy and the recipes are all but uncookable .
None of that is important .
It stands as a wonderful document of the work of a chef who is about as important as anybody in his profession can ever be . "
We received other nominations for this , and its smaller , cheaper incarnation The Fat Duck Cookbook online .
So that 's the top 10 .
The next six were independently nominated by more than one of the panel .
British Regional Food : In Search of the Best British Food Today by Mark Hix
( Quadrille , 2008 , £ 14.99 )
Click to buy
Matthew Fort opted for Hix 's book because " few people have done more to raise the profile and appreciation of our native foods than Mark Hix .
He writes with unobtrusive balance and clarity that lets the subjects speak for themselves .
And the recipes are n't bad , either . "
Tom Parker Bowles described it as " the comprehensive guide to British food from one of the godfathers of modern British cooking .
Well - written and stuffed full with decent recipes and fascinating tales , this is an instant classic . "
The Taste of Britain by Laura Mason and Catherine Brown
( HarperCollins , 2006 , £ 25 )
Click to buy
Allegra McEvedy says : " With the revival in the belief that Britain had a culinary history worth shouting about , this is a book that quite simply had to be written .
But where it could have fallen foul of being a dull encyclopedia , its regional entries are kept short and to the point , with no space given to waffle .
The illustrations suit perfectly , and I never leave London now without chucking it into the back of the car ( along with the good pub guide ) to make sure I eat exactly what I need to as I traverse this great country of ours . "
Matthew
Fort chose this book too : " A buffed and polished , reordered and re-edited version of Traditional Foods of Britain originally published by the irrepressible Prospect Books .
A magnificent and absolutely essential reference tome for anyone remotely interested in British food .
Drole and drily witty , too . "
Shopped : the shocking power of Britain 's supermarkets by Joanna Blythman
( Harper Perennial , 2005 , £ 7.99 in paperback )
Click to buy
Bob Granleese described Joanna Blythman's
The Food We Eat , reprinted by Penguin on the first day of the decade , as a " wonderfully irate and persuasive polemic on Britain 's so - called food culture " while Alex Renton chose Shopped for being " gripping and shocking .
Amazing we still have n't got [ the supermarkets ] under control . "
European Festival Food and Classic Spanish Cooking by Elisabeth Luard
( Grub Street , 2009 , £ 20 and MQ Publications , 2006 , £ 14.99 respectively )
Click to buy
Richard Ehrlich says : " Once upon a time in the noughties , loads of publishing houses let the best books on their cookery lists go out of print .
Grub Street , a small independent publisher , grabbed the rights to ( among others ) E David , J Grigson , C Roden , and Elisabeth Luard .
The bone - headed publishers did us all a favour : Grub Street 's editions are lovely .
Ms Luard is a great cookery writer and this book , originally published in 1990 , is one of her best . "
Matthew Fort and Catherine Phipps both recently recommended this as a book of the year too .
Allegra McEvedy opted for Luard 's Classic Spanish Cooking : " I find this cute little volume very attractive physically - not in a flash way , but it 's a sturdy hold , and beautifully illustrated in watercolours by this most - respected author .
The chapters are divided sensibly , so though it is regional the divisions are chicken to eggs to tapas to beans and so on .
Recipe - wise it's an intriguing stretch from great versions of the standards ( tortilla Catalan ; clams in sherry ) to those a bit more special ( potatoes with almonds and saffron ; goose with turnips and pears ) , all with interesting notes from Luard , and all in all , it 's the authenticity that sings out from the pages that makes this a fave of mine . "
Not on the Label by Felicity Lawrence
( Penguin , 2004 , £ 8.99 )
Click to buy
Rosie Boycott said " this book lifted the lid on the dubious ways in which our food gets to our tables .
The stories make for grim reading , but Lawrence is a brilliant writer and investigator and she handles the complex material effortlessly . "
Alex Renton says this book lifts the lid on " what really goes into the food on your plate - brave , fascinating , diet - altering investigations from a great journalist . "
Culinary Pleaures by Nicola Humble
( Faber & Faber , 2006 , £ 9.99 )
Click to buy
Will Skidelsky puts it thus : " A history of Britain 's culinary development as told through its cookbooks , this scholarly volume offers a feast of diverting information . "
And , pointed out Tim Hayward , it 's " an immensely readable history of the cookery book which puts our obsession with the outpourings of Jamie , Gordo and Nigella firmly into perspective . "
Lastly , we have some titles given very honourable mentions by single members of the panel .
Jay Rayner : " Yes , the book is beautiful to look at , and the recipes detailed and enticing .
But what really separated this volume out was the prose .
With the help of his ghost writer , Sheila Keating , Giorgio proved himself to be a wonderful story teller . "
Falling Cloudberries by Tessa Kiros
( Murdoch Books , 2009 , £ 17.99 )
Click to buy
Allegra McEvedy : " This is a beauty of a book with stunning photography - the antidote to all those samey celebrity chef potboilers that seem to dominate the bookshops .
One woman 's culinary heritage , unapologetic in its diversity from Cyprus to Finland to South Africa via a couple of other countires that have influenced her .
Told from the heart , with recipes that feel and look so special ... because they are to her - thanks for sharing , Tessa . "
The Return of the Naked Chef by Jamie Oliver
( first published Michael Joseph , 2000 , new Penguin edition due January 2010 , £ 15.99 )
Fuchsia Dunlop : " I gave this book to several male friends who were inspired by it to make their first culinary experiments , and I 've chosen it in tribute to Jamie 's work over the last decade .
He could simply have sat back and enjoyed his wealth and fame - instead he 's worked like a maniac to try to improve the way people eat . "
The Oxford Companion to Food by Alan Davidson
( revised 2006 edition edited by Tom Jaine , OUP , £ 40 )
Bob Granleese : " The book that has ( almost ) everything .
Every home should have one .
Who needs Larousse ? "
How to be a Domestic Goddess by Nigella Lawson
( Chatto & Windus , 2003 , £ 17.99 )
Click to buy
Marina O'Loughlin : " Even I bought briefly into the gushing , breathy gorgeousness that is Nigella .
Somewhere at the bottom of a kitchen drawer are cupcake cases and Cath Kidston pinny .
Responsible for a rash of smug yummy mummies whose raison d'etre was the new domestic perfection .
Now I can't bear the book and all it stands for , but undeniably hugely influential . "
Matthew Fort : " Someone once said that the enduring fascination of the trifle lies in that fact that it is all the best British puddings rolled into one .
This tells you how and why with wit and learning masking cheery greed .
Actually a reprint , but re-issued this year . "
Fork to Fork by Monty and Sarah Don
( Conran Octopus Ltd , 2009 , £ 25 )
Rosie Boycott : " Monty and Sarah Don 's cook book / growing guide is a wonderful treat .
Monty understands the importance and wonder of growing your own and Sarah understands how good it is to eat food straight from your garden . "
Forgotten Skills of Cooking by Darina Allen
( Kyle Cathie , 2009 , £ 30 )
Click to buy
Joanna Blythman : " Chatelaine of the impeccable Ballymaloe Cookery School , Darina reacquaints us with time - honoured cooking skills that might otherwise be lost : making your own buttermilk , smoking meat and fish in an old biscuit tin , curing ham .
An inspiring and empowering book that helps keep traditional food culture and knowledge alive and kicking . "
Jay Rayner : Everitt - Matthias is the quiet superstar , a chef with a unique gutsy palatte and approach to food , which is realised through immense technique at his Michelin 2 star restaurant Le Champignon Sauvage in Cheltenham .
This book documents those recipes in a clear , clean and approachable manner .
A gem .
Marina O'Loughlin : " The most dog-eared , stained and generally abused cookbook in my kitchen .
Every one of the 50 curries is a fragrant joy and the no-nonsense Ms Panjabi is responsible for not only demystifying their creation , but also presenting them to the world in her terrific restaurants . "
Riverford Farm Cook Book by Guy Watson and Jane Baxter
( Fourth Estate , 2008 , £ 16.99 )
Click to buy
Joanna Blythman : " I 'm a fan of this veteran Devon - based organic veggie box outfit , and especially Jane Baxter 's cooking .
Organised by fruit or vegetable ingredient , it has the appeal of Jane Grigson 's perennially useful Fruit Book and Vegetable Book , all rolled into one but updated for the climate - challenged , more environmentally - aware 21st century . "
Tim Hayward : " An example of how following something simple to the point of obsession can make a rivetting read .
Absolutely fascinating and a must read for the completist food geek . "
Fast Food Nation by Eric Schlosser
( new edition , Scholastic Educational , 2009 , £ 4.10 )
Rosie Boycott : " This is a classic of investigative reporting .
Schlosser burrows deep into the heart of MacDonald 's and reveals the multinational 's secrets "
The Man Who Ate the World by Jay Rayner
( Headline Review , 2009 , £ 8.99 )
Click to buy
Tim Hayward : " Jay Rayner 's Man Who Ate the World is one of the quirkiest and bravest bits of food writing of the decade .
It 's easy to boff on about foams and airs but Rayner asks uncomfortable questions about why and how we engage with the huge industry of high - end dining .
Thinking more as a writer than a critic , he digs into his own motivations and forces us to do the same .
I can't think of anyone else who 's addressed this and it 's something we really ought to be thinking about as we go into the next decade . "
Marina O'Loughlin : " Well , eating out for a living does take its toll .
And these two are gals who love both food and looking good and have found a way of having their cake and eating it .
They took Atkins and made it sane .
Plus they 're very relaxed about booze intake . "
It must Have Been Something I Ate by Jeffrey Steingarten
( Headline Review , 2003 , £ 6.99 )
Click to buy
Tim Hayward : " By 2000 Jeffrey Steingarten was already established as a food writer on American Vogue .
I most certainly was not .
To realise that one could write intelligently and amusingly about food without recycling recipes or obsessing about celebrity chefs was an epiphany for me .
He 's witty , erudite , waspish and as you 'd expect from an ex-lawyer , forensically accurate .
Without Steingarten
I 'd be writing about deodorant in an ad agency . "
Joanna Blythman : " I love to giggle at Barnes ' witty road testing of cookbook authors .
Self - mockingly literal , his pedantic unpicking of recipes - " How big exactly , is a lump ? " - has me in stitches .
It reminds me of quite a few male cooks I know . "
Matthew Fort : " One of my favourite ' end of the world ' books , which brought home to us the real peril of overfishing and underlined that our resources are finite . "
A New Way to Cook by Sally Schneider
( Artisan Division of Workman Publishing , 2003 , £ 18.99 )
Click to buy
Richard Ehrlich : " This is the intelligent person 's guide to healthy cooking .
The New York based Schneider has rethought the culinary use of fats , sugar etc from the ground up , and this vast book is all about how to go on using them but using a bit less by deploying techniques that maximise their impact .
One of the few truly original cookbooks of the last decade ; I wish it had made more of a splash on this side of the pond . "
Tom Jaine : " The beauty of Joan Thirsk 's book is that she emphasises change at a time when we all dream that everything is stable .
Cavaliers and roundheads had fads and fashions too .
Illuminating . "
Essential Winetasting by Michael Schuster
( Mitchell Beazley , 2009 , £ 16.99 )
Click to buy
Richard Ehrlich : " Several books provide a guided tour of this subject , but I think Schuster 's is easily the best .
He earns his living as a wine educator , and he is a precise , focused , and oenologically erudite teacher .
And the book is beautifully designed and illustrated .
If you know someone who has recently become interested in wine ( or if you fit that description yourself ) , this is the first book to buy . "
Tim Hayward : " The most impressive of an entire genre of books that looked at social and political history through a single foodstuff .
Kurlansky combined scholarship with a terrifically accessible style .
Salt is so interesting .
Who knew ? "
Richard Ehrlich : " Part of the consistently diverting and informative ' English Kitchen ' series from Prospect Books , the distinguished publisher of scholarly food books .
This one gives the deep background on Britain 's love of Indian cooking , with historical ( but usable recipes ) from the 18th century onwards . "
Cookbookyssey
This blog will document my successes and failures as I cook my way through my vast and ever - growing collection of cookbooks , just one recipe per book , at least once a week .
Theproject was born out of my daily food blog Michelle - Meals , which chronicles , for better or for worse , what I eat for dinner every day .
When Results Matter , People Turn To Tylka Law Attorneys in Galveston & League City
Lawrence M. Tylka has more than 30 years of experience and has represented thousands of clients in personal injury claims .
He is a member of the Multi-Million Dollar Advocates Forum , one of the most prestigious groups of trial lawyers in the United States .
Fewer than 1 percent of attorneys are members .
When every dollar counts , who will you turn to ?
An attorney who is learning personal injury law on the job or a trial lawyer who has been there , tried the toughest cases and prevailed ?
When you are ready to talk to us , we will be here for you .
Call us :
Video Salvan a federales de morir linchados en Milpa Alta .
Pobladores de San Pedro Atocpan los acusaban de ser secuestradores ; los supuestos policías , dicen , investigaban una casa de seguridad
Agentes indicaron que los Policías Federales que sufrieron un intento de linchamiento antier no consideraron las características de los pobladores de la zona
Data about flu rates in different parts of London will be released More than 200 data sets detailing life in London are to be put online by the capital 's governing body .
Information about planning decisions , crime rates , abandoned vehicles , house prices , road accidents and many other metrics will form the London datastore .
The Greater London Authority said the online data warehouse will officially open on 29 January .
Boris Johnson , London Mayor , said releasing the data would make the GLA more open and accountable .
" I firmly believe that access to information should not just be the preserve of institutions and a limited elite , " said Mr Johnson in a statement .
" Data belongs to the people - particularly that held by the public sector - and getting hold of it should not involve a complex routine of jumping through a series of ever decreasing hoops , " he said .
The data is likely to prove attractive to the growing cadre of web developers and programmers keen to put it to use .
Those who come up with the most innovative ways to harness the data could get a substantial grant to help them bring their idea to life .
4iP , Channel 4's Innovation for the Public Fund , said it would back the best ideas with a £ 200,000 cash pot .
The decision to set up the datastore follows a similar move by central government to start releasing some official datasets to programmers and developers .
The data .gov.uk site will act as a repository for centrally held information and was unveiled in November 2009 .
It will go fully live in April 2010 .
Similarly , many developers have been badgering local authorities to release the data they hold so they can put it to public use .
Sites such as Openly Local and Mash The State have been campaigning for more access to data .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When Major League Baseball made it clear this week that guns were banned in clubhouses by posting signs articulating that policy , it seemed a no - brainer .
The guns - in - workplace issue gained steam with the indefinite suspensions slapped on Washington Wizards Gilbert Arenas and Javaris Crittenton after they brought firearms to practice .
New York Giants receiver Plaxico Burress remains imprisoned after accidentally discharging a firearm in a New York nightclub .
But it took less than a day for a hunting - happy ballplayer to take offense .
St. Louis Cardinals closer Ryan Franklin is upset about the ban , telling the St. Louis Post - Dispatch that " a few guys screwed it up for everybody . "
Says Franklin :
" If you grew up around it , being in the outdoors and stuff , I was taught as a young kid how to respect firearms , " Franklin said following Saturday 's workout .
" First of all , you do n't get stupid with it .
Always treat a gun like it 's loaded .
That 's what I taught my son and daughters .
There 's a place for them . "
While Franklin clearly stated he uses guns in the sportsman 's sense and not for self - defense , here 's guessing his comment will draw the ire of anti-gun activists , particularly given the St. Louis and Missouri areas ' rank in various homicide rates .
By Gabe Lacques
The Camper Bike – Click above for high - res image gallery
Our initial reaction when laying eyes on the Camper Bike was , " Ah , there go necessity and invention hand - in - hand again ... "
But we were wrong .
The Camper Bike – yes , with a fully working camper – is a " functional sculptural piece , " which is to say , it 's art .
Reading a little further , though , we began to wonder just what kind of art : paintings of it come with slogans like " Scaling the summit with the Motherland in your heart , " and " Camping far out in the wilderness forges a revolutionary heart . "
We do n't know if that makes this a propaganda piece , but we do know that riding a bike fitted with a camper , in the city , is plenty revolutionary .
After that , it does n't really matter where you go .
Click the link for more on the visual candy that is the Camper Bike .
The Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , has unilaterally taken control of the country ’s top electoral watchdog , provoking outrage from western diplomats , the Guardian has learnt .
The Electoral Complaints Commission ( ECC ) , which forced Karzai into a runoff election after it disqualified nearly 1 m fraudulent votes in last year ’s presidential election , previously included three foreign experts named by the UN .
However , according to a new presidential decree published today , Karzai will have the exclusive power to appoint all five panel members .
[…]
Diplomatic sources say Kai Eide , the head of the UN in Afghanistan , had struck a private deal with Karzai under which he will use his new powers to appoint at least two foreigners to the election watchdog .
But that will mean Karzai ’s Afghan appointees would hold the balance of power in the commission and be unlikely to challenge his wishes .
The violence and cruelty of Arabs often perplexes Westerners .
Not only does the leader of Hizbullah proclaim " We love death , " but so too does , for example , a 24 - year - old man who last month yelled " We love death more than you love life " as he crashed his car on the Bronx - Whitestone Bridge in New York City .
As two parents in St. Louis honor - killed their teenage daughter with thirteen stabs of a butcher 's knife , the Palestinian father shouted " Die !
Die quickly !
Die quickly ! . . .
Quiet , little one !
Die , my daughter , die ! " – and the local Arab community supported them against murder charges .
A prince from Abu Dhabi recently tortured a grain dealer whom he accused of fraud ; despite a video of the atrocity appearing on television internationally , the prince was acquitted while his accusers were convicted .
On a larger scale , one accounting finds 15,000 terrorist attacks since 9/11 .
Governments throughout the Arabic - speaking countries rely more on brutality than on the rule of law .
The drive to eliminate Israel still persists even as new insurrections take hold ; the latest one has flared up in Yemen .
Several excellent attempts to explain the pathology of Arab politics exist ; my personal favorites include studies by David Pryce - Jones and Philip Salzman .
Now add to these The Strong Horse : Power , Politics , and the Clash of Arab Civilizations ( Doubleday , $ 26 ) , an entertaining yet deep and important analysis by Lee Smith , Middle East correspondent for the Weekly Standard .
Smith takes as his prooftext Osama bin Laden 's comment in 2001 , " When people see a strong horse and a weak horse , by nature , they will like the strong horse . "
What Smith calls the strong - horse principle contains two banal elements : Seize power and then maintain it .
This principle predominates because Arab public life has " no mechanism for peaceful transitions of authority or power sharing , and therefore [ it ] sees political conﬂict as a ﬁght to the death between strong horses . "
Violence , Smith observes is " central to the politics , society , and culture of the Arabic - speaking Middle East . "
It also , more subtly , implies keeping a wary eye on the next strong horse , triangulating , and hedging bets .
Smith argues that the strong horse principle , not Western imperialism or Zionism , " has determined the fundamental character of the Arabic - speaking Middle East . "
The Islamic religion itself both fits into the ancient pattern of strong - horse assertiveness and then promulgates it .
Muhammad , the Islamic prophet , was a strongman as well as a religious figure .
Sunni Muslims have ruled over the centuries " by violence , repression , and coercion . "
Ibn Khaldun 's famous theory of history amounts to a cycle of violence in which strong horses replace weak ones .
The humiliation of dhimmis daily reminds non-Muslims who rules .
Smith 's prism offers insights into modern Middle East history .
He presents Pan -Arab nationalism as an effort to transform the mini-horses of the national states into a single super - horse and Islamism as an effort to make Muslims again powerful .
Israel serves as " a proxy strong horse " for both the United States and for the Saudi - Egyptian bloc in the latter 's cold war rivalry with Iran 's bloc .
In a strong - horse environment , militias appeal more than do elections .
Lacking a strong horse , Arab liberals make little headway .
The United States being the most powerful non-Arab and non-Muslim state makes anti-Americanism both inevitable and endemic .
Lebanese Druze leader Walid Jumblatt suggests American car bombings in Damascus .
Which brings us to policies by non-Arab actors : unless they are forceful and show true staying power , Smith stresses , they lose .
Being nice – say , withdrawing unilaterally from southern Lebanon and Gaza – leads to inevitable failure .
The George W. Bush administration rightly initiated a democratization project , raising high hopes , but then betrayed Arab liberals by not carrying through .
In Iraq , the administration ignored advice to install a democratically - minded strongman
More broadly , when the U.S. government flinches , others ( e.g. , the Iranian leadership ) have an opportunity to " force their own order on the region . "
Walid Jumblatt , a Lebanese leader , has half - seriously suggested that Washington " send car bombs to Damascus " to get its message across and signal its understanding of Arab ways .
Smith 's simple and near - universal principle provides a tool to comprehend the Arabs ' cult of death , honor killings , terrorist attacks , despotism , warfare , and much else .
He acknowledges that the strong - horse principle may strike Westerners as ineffably crude , but he correctly insists on its being a cold reality that outsiders must recognize , take into account , and respond to .
Mr. Pipes is director of the Middle East Forum and Taube distinguished visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution of Stanford University .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Feb. 16 , 2007 update :
The " we love death " boast is not something new in Islamic history .
One famous example involved the Muslim commander , Khalid ibn al - Walid , who in 636 , Steven Stalinsky relates ,
sent an emissary with a message from Caliph Abu Bakr to the Persian commander , Khosru .
The message stated : " You should convert to Islam , and then you will be safe , for if you do n't , you should know that I have come to you with an army of men that love death , as you love life . "
Stalinksy notes that this account " is recited in today 's Muslim sermons , newspapers , and textbooks . "
Manage your ' runtimepath ' with ease .
In practical terms , pathogen.vim makes it super easy to install plugins and runtime files in their own private directories .
Add this to your vimrc :
execute pathogen#infect ( )
Now any plugins you wish to install can be extracted to a subdirectory under ~/.vim / bundle , and they will be added to the ' runtimepath ' .
Use : Helptags to run : helptags on every doc/ directory in your ' runtimepath ' .
For more detailed , better formatted documentation , see the README on GitHub :
http://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen
Scripting with IDA
Pro has always been a very handy feature , not only when used in scripts but also in expressions , breakpoint conditions , form fields , etc …
In IDA Pro 5.6 we improved the IDC language and made it more convenient to use by adding objects , exceptions , support for strings with embedded zeroes , string slicing and references .
General language improvements
Local variables can now be declared and initialized anywhere within a function :
static func1 ( ) { Message ( " Hello world
" ) ; auto s = AskStr ( " Enter new name " , " noname00 " ) ; // ... auto i = 0 ; // .... }
Global variables can be declared ( in a function or in the global scope ) with the extern keyword :
// Global scope extern g_count ; // Global variables cannot be initialized during declaration static main ( ) { extern g_another_var ; g_another_var = 123 ; g_count = 1 ; }
Functions can be passed around and used as callbacks :
static my_func( a , b) { Message ( " a= %d , b=%d
" , a , b ) ; } static main ( ) { auto f = my_func ; f( 1 , 2 ) ; }
Strings can now contain the zero character thus allowing you to use IDC strings like buffers .
This is extremely useful when used with Appcall to call functions that expect buffers :
auto s = " \x83\xF9\x00\x74\x10 " ; Message ( " len=%d
" , strlen ( s ) ) ; // Construct a buffer with strfill ( ) s = strfill ( '!' , 100 ) ; Message ( " len=%d
" , strlen ( s ) ) ;
Strings can be easily manipulated with slices ( Python style ) :
# define QASSERT (x ) if ( ! ( x ) ) { Warning ( " ASSERT : " #x ) ; } auto x = " abcdefgh " ; // get string slice QASSERT ( x [ 1 ] == " b " ) ; QASSERT ( x [ 2 : ] == " cdefgh " ) ; QASSERT ( x [ : 3 ] == " abc " ) ; QASSERT ( x [ 4:6 ] == " ef " ) ; // set string slice x [ 0 ] = " A " ; QASSERT ( x == " Abcdefgh " ) ; x [ 1:3 ] = " BC " ; QASSERT( x == " ABCdefgh " ) ; // delete part of a string x [ 4:5 ] = " " ; QASSERT( x == " ABCdfgh " ) ; // patch part of the string with numbers x [ 0:4 ] = 0x11223344 ;
Strings and numbers are always passed by value in IDC , but now it is possible to pass variables by reference ( using the ampersand operator ) :
static incr( a ) { a ++ ; } static main ( ) { auto i = 1 ; incr ( &i ) ; Message ( " i=%d
" , i ) ; }
Note that objects ( described below ) are always passed by reference .
IDC classes
Classes can now be declared in IDC .
All classes derive from the built - in base class object :
auto o = object ( ) ; o.ea = here ; o.flag = 0 ;
User objects can be defined with the class keyword :
class testclass { testclass ( name ) { Message ( " constructing : %s
" , name ) ; this .
name = name ; } ~ testclass ( ) { Message ( " destructing : %s
" , this .name ) ; } set_name (n ) { Message ( " testclass.set_name -> old= %s new=%s
" , this .name , n ) ; this .
name = n ; } get_name ( ) { return this .
name ; } } static f1 ( n ) { auto o1 = testclass ( " object in f1 ( ) " ) ; o1.set_name(n ) ; } static main ( ) { auto o2 = testclass ( " object2 in main ( ) " ) ; Message ( " calling f1 ( )
" ) ; f1 ( " new object1 name " ) ; Message ( " returned from f1 ( )
" ) ; }
Which outputs the following when executed :
constructing : object2 in main ( ) calling f1 ( ) constructing : object in f1 ( ) testclass.set_name -> old=object in f1 ( ) new=new object1 name destructing : new object1 name returned from f1 ( ) destructing : object2 in main ( )
To enumerate all the attributes in an object :
auto attr_name ; auto o = object ( ) ; o.attr1 = " value1 " ; o.attr2 = " value2 " ; for ( attr_name=firstattr ( o ) ; attr_name != 0 ; attr_name=nextattr(o , attr_name ) ) Message ( " -> %s : %s
" , attr_name , getattr ( o , attr_name ) ) ;
If object attribute names are numbers then they can be accessed with the subscript operator :
class list { list ( ) { this .
__count = 0 ; } size ( ) { return this .
__count ; } add(e ) { this [ this .
__count ++] = e ; } } static main ( ) { auto a = list ( ) ; a.add ( " hello " ) ; a.add ( " world " ) ; a.add ( 5 ) ; auto i ; for ( i=a.size ( ) - 1;i>=0 ;i--) print ( a [ i ] ) ; }
IDC classes also support inheritance :
class testclass_extender : testclass { testclass_extender ( id ) : testclass ( ' asdf ' ) { this .id = id ; } //
Override a method and then call the base version set_name (n ) { Message ( " testclass_extender -> %s
" , n ) ; testclass : : set_name ( this , n ) ; } }
They also support getattr / setattr hooking like in Python :
class attr_hook { attr_hook ( ) { this .id = 1 ; } // setattr will trigger for every attribute assignment __setattr__ ( attr , value ) { Message ( " setattr : %s-> " , attr ) ; print ( value ) ; setattr ( this , attr , value ) ; } // getattr will only trigger for non-existing attributes __getattr__ ( attr ) { Message ( " getattr : '%s '
" , attr ) ; if ( attr == " magic " ) return 0x5f8103 ; //
Ofcourse this will cause an exception since // we try to fetch a non-existing attribute return getattr ( this , attr ) ; } }
Exceptions
Normally when a runtime error occurs , the script will abort and the interpret will display the runtime error message .
With the use of exception handling , one can catch runtime errors :
static test_exceptions ( ) { // variable to hold the exception information auto e ; try { auto a = object ( ) ; //
Try to read an invalid attribute : Message ( " a.name=%s
" , a.name ) ; } catch ( e ) { Message ( " Exception occured .
Exception dump follows :
" ) ; print(e ) ; } }
Resulting in the following output :
Executing function ' main '... Exception occured .
Exception dump follows : object description : " No such attribute : object.name " file : " C:\\Temp\\ida56.idc " func : " test_exceptions " line : 91 . 5Bh pc : 31 . 1Fh qerrno : 1538 .
602h
IDC debugging tips
Last but not least , we would like to mention two useful IDC debugging tips .
The first ( we used it previously ) involves the print ( ) function :
// Print variables in the message window //
This function print text representation of all its arguments to the output window .
//
This function can be used to debug IDC scripts void print (... ) ;
This function can be very handy when used to print a variable of any type especially objects and all their nested attributes .
And the second tip involves the use of the command window to evaluate commands .
The trick is to type an IDC statement without a terminating semicolon .
To illustrate , we will first use the DecodeInstruction ( ) with a semicolon :
And now the same thing , repeated , without a semicolon would automatically invoke the print ( ) against the returned result , thus :
Although we said two debugging tips , but here ’s the third : you can use the peroid key ( “. ” ) to jump from an IDA View to the command window and the escape key to return to the IDA View .
The script snippets used in this blog entry can be downloaded from here .
Editor ’s Note :
In honor of the United States women ’s national ice hockey team winning the 2018 Olympic Gold Medal in the shoot - out after a dominating overtime period versus Canada in Pyeongchang , we wanted to revisit this article from 2010 .
The United States women ’s hockey team has n’t won a Gold Medal in the Olympics since Nagano in 1998 , despite fabulous success in World Championship play .
This victory was a long time coming , as the Canadians had won the past four golds , and it should be celebrated by all Americans .
If you ’re a hockey fan , the Olympics are the one sporting event that can bring out your inner seven - year old .
Before NHL players were allowed to participate in the Olympic Games , hockey fans had to get their International fix from World Championships , World Junior , and the occasional Canada Cup or World Cup .
Below we have a list of some of the most unforgettable moments from International hockey play .
Some are moments of celebration that will be ingrained in our memories forever , others being enormous upsets or acts of violence that can be swept under the rug but certainly not forgotten .
10 ) Belarus Upsets Sweden
Salt Lake City 2002 Olympics
When Vladimir Korpat scored the eventual game winner on a 70 - foot clapper it not only signaled the arrival of Belarus on the International hockey scene , but it launched Sweden ’s poor Tommy Salo into a downward spiral that saw him out of the NHL less than three seasons later .
Belarus went on to place fourth in 2002 after notching their first Olympic win in what is considered one of the greatest upsets in Olympic history .
9 ) Broad Street Bullies Topple Red Army
Super Series 1976
Not International competition per se , but when HC CSKA Moscow ( a.ka .
“ The Red Army ” ) and the Soviet Wings visited North America over New Years ’ 76 several NHL clubs treated the games with no less intensity than a communist invasion .
The Red Army had already taken two out of three contests versus the New York Rangers and Boston Bruins , while managing a tie against the great Montreal Canadiens .
Hell would freeze over before Bobby Clarke and the goonish Stanley Cup champion Philadelphia Flyers were going to fall to the hated Russians .
8 ) Pavel Bure ’s Five Goal Game
Nagano 1998 Olympics
The “ Russian Rocket ” Pavel Bure was one of the NHL ’s most prolific scorers and arguable its most exciting player before a series of knee injuries cut his career short .
During the 1998 Olympics in Nagano , Bure piled up nine goals in six games including his incredible five - goal performance to lead Russia 7 - 4 over Finland in semi-final play .
Russia would later fall to Dominik Hasek and the Czechs in the gold medal game , but Bure ’s performance against Finland stands as one of the most dominant displays in the history of International play .
7 ) Canada vs. Russia Super Brawl
World Junior Championship 1987
This infamous bench - clearing brawl would cost Canada a shot at the gold medal ( although leading the Russians 4 - 2 at the time , the Canadians need to win by five goals to claim gold ) .
At the center of the melee was Theoren Fleury , but everyone on both sides would become involved before this one cleared .
Both Canada and Russia were disqualified from the tournament , and this epic , epic brawl stands as a testament that shutting off the lights is no way to break up a ruckus .
6 ) Bobby Clarke ’s Campaign of Terror
Summit Series / International “ Friendly ” 1972
If you thought Bobby Clarke was a hothead as a general manager then you probably have n’t seen much from his playing days .
Although Clarke was a part of Canada ’s best line with Paul Henderson and Ron Ellis , there is one play in particular that Clarke is best remembered for from the ’ 72 Summit Series .
His slash of superstar Valeri Kharlamov broke the Russian ’s ankle and eventually eliminated him from competing .
Just one day after claiming victory in the Summit Series , Clarke and his Canadian teammates played a “ friendly ” versus Czechoslovakia in Prague .
You ’d think Clarke would be looking to repair his International image , but the feisty Flyer threw a butt - end right into the kisser of a defenseless Frantisek Pospisil .
5 ) Hasek ’s Dominance
Nagano 1998 Olympics
Hasek ’s brilliant play against Canada , and shootout shutdown was just the beginning for the 1998 Czech machine .
They would later shutout the Russians 1 - 0 to be the first country to claim Olympic gold with the help of professional hockey players .
4 ) Gretzky & Lemieux Seal It For Canada
Canada Cup 1987
Some call the 1987 Canada Cup the greatest hockey tournament ever played .
Mario Lemieux ’s go - ahead goal versus the Russians is arguable Canada ’s second most famous goal ever scored , but a look at the replay shows a missed call on Hawerchuk for hooking on the play .
Was it missed , or simply ignored as Wayne Gretzky fed the puck to an open 66 in the high slot ?
3 ) Canada Ends Olympic Gold Drought
Salt Lake City 2002 Olympics
Canada was n’t just carrying the burden of 50 - years without gold , but they also had the weight of crumbling under expectations in Nagano on their shoulders .
Looking to match the Canadian women ’s hockey team ’s gold medal performance , the men had no other option than to win .
Backstopped by Martin Brodeur and led by the play of Joe Sakic and Jarome Iginla , Canada would put the their critics to rest with a win over the United States in the gold medal game .
2 ) Peter Forsberg ’s Shootout Dominance
Lillehammer 1994 Olympics
The Lillehammer games became Peter Forsberg ’s stage .
Forberg scored twice in the gold medal deciding shootout , including his winner which might be one of the prettiest goals of all - time .
Lillehammer was the first sign that the Flyers may have got the wrong man after acquiring Eric Lindros from the Quebec Nordiques for a plethora of players , including Peter Forsberg .
1 ) The Miracle On Ice
Lake Placid 1980 Olympics
There ’s not much to be said about “ The Miracle On Ice ” that has n’t already been said .
It ’s possibly the greatest upset in the history of sport , and this clip of the final seconds is exhilarating .
Evangelical pastors , writers , and activists have stepped up to condemn Pat Robertson ’s remarks about Haiti , saying that he does not represent them , nor do comments represent Christianity .
If that ’s true , why does anyone care about anything Robertson says at all ?
Judging a public figure ’s influence is a tricky business .
Sure , best - selling books , sell - out crowds and the like tell you something .
You could look at the 700 Club ’s Nielsen ratings , or do a public opinion survey on someone ’s favorability ratings , or ask other other evangelicals to name their most “ influential ” brethren .
Or you could perform the Washington journalist ’s task of eliciting gossip ( “ asshole ” is how one conservative operative once described Robertson to me ) and figure out whether the person in question has any “ juice . ”
But all of that , even , makes it difficult to prove just how “ influential ” or “ powerful ” someone is .
Surely there are 700 Club viewers who hang on Robertson ’s every word , and others who would fast - forward through them if they could .
The collapse ( and feeble reinvention ) of the Christian Coalition surely played a role in Robertson ’s diminished standing .
For politicians , Rudy Giuliani was the only Republican presidential candidate in 2008 who sought — and received — Robertson ’s endorsement .
( Speaking of curses . . . )
Peter Wehner , a former Bush speechwriter and fellow at the conservative Ethics and Public Policy Center , noted at the National Review :
I fully realize that Robertson long ago ceased being a serious figure in the eyes of many people .
Still , he remains a person of some influence , an individual who ran for president , whose words still garner attention , and whose views reflect a strand of thought within Christendom .
Of course , conservatives see the PR disaster in not distancing themselves from Robertson — that ’s why many of them have .
Yet there is n’t , and probably could n’t be , a push to drive Robertson off the airwaves .
Robertson ’s empire will soldier on in spite of him .
Robertson presides over an enormous ( and tax - exempt ) conglomerate comprised of the Christian Broadcasting Network , Regent University ( of which the governor - elect of Virginia , Bob McDonnell , is a graduate ) , the American Center for Law and Justice ( whose president , Jay Sekulow , is considered “ the leading Supreme Court advocate of the Christian right ” ) , and Robertson ’s “ humanitarian ” arm , Operation Blessing ( which has been involved in highly questionable — but lucrative — relationships with brutal dictators like former Liberian president Charles Taylor , speaking of pacts with the devil ) .
These are far - reaching , well - funded organizations with collective hundreds of million in assets and donations , which interact with the world ’s powerful , educate the next class of policymakers and lawyers , and project a conservative evangelical interpretation of politics and world affairs around the globe .
Is Pat Robertson influential ?
Maybe just a little bit .
The second half of the book is a frontal attack on natural selection itself .
The main argument is very odd .
It is allowed that there is differential reproduction .
Some organisms have many offspring , and some have just a few .
It is even allowed that the reason why some succeed and others do n’t might have to do with the superior features possessed by the winners and not the losers .
At which point you might think : Darwinism wins , because what else is there to natural selection ?
To which Darwinians can only respond , wearily again , that they have known about constraints since “ The Origin of Species . ’’
Because body weight cubes as length increases , you cannot build a cat the size of an elephant .
The elegant feline legs needed for jumping must be replaced by tree trunks able to carry many pounds .
And examples of plausible self organization have been fitted into the Darwinian picture for many years .
A favorite example is the way that many flowers and fruits ( like pine cones ) exhibit patterns following the Fibonacci series , made famous by “ The Da Vinci Code . ’’
Chauncey Wright , a 19th century pragmatist , discussed these patterns in detail , showing how formal rules of mathematics can nevertheless yield organisms that are highly adapted and that natural selection is the vital causal element .
The rules give the skeleton , and then selection fills in the details .
The order of a plant ’s leaves may be fixed , but how those leaves stand up or lie down is selection - driven all of the way .
Why write such a book ?
The authors would respond in two ways .
First , in a section that would be better described as “ What Darwin Did n’t Know , ” rather than “ What Darwin Got Wrong , ” they tell us that today ’s cutting - edge biology has all sorts of explanations of organic origins that make Darwinism otiose .
We learn that life is constrained by the laws of physics and chemistry , and that something like natural selection , which supposedly molds organic life into sophisticated bundles of adaptations , simply can not get off the ground .
To the contrary , evolution is all a matter of molecular development , guided by the self - organizing laws of the physical sciences .
You would think that somewhere in the pages there would be one - just one - discussion of the work that evolutionists are doing today to give a sense of how the field itself has evolved .
Peter and Rosemary Grant on Darwin ’s finches for example ; Edward O. Wilson and Bert Hölldobler on ant social structures perhaps ; David Reznick on Trinidadian guppies perchance ?
But no such luck .
A whole book putting in the boot and absolutely no serious understanding of where the boot is aimed .
Not so fast , however .
Our authors take as gospel the argument of the late Stephen Jay Gould and the geneticist Richard Lewontin that although some features may be adaptive others may not .
This argument is then used to say that if an organism succeeds in life ’s struggles , you can never conclude that a particular feature was essential for this success , because there may be other features linked to it .
Perhaps it was the latter features that were essential .
Natural selection fails therefore as a mechanism of change .
I read all of this stuff a couple of times .
I am just not used to people giving the opposition everything for which they have asked and then plowing on regardless .
But , even if you ignore the apparently shared belief that selection is at work - we may not know which features were crucial , but that hardly stops us saying that there was selection at work - the other points hardly crush the Darwinian .
It has long been known that features get linked .
And in any case , we can ferret out which features are most useful and which are just along for the ride .
Suppose eyes , which are surely necessary , are linked to tufts of hair , which may not be .
Well , experiment and see how the organisms get along without eyes and then without hair .
Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini will not allow this , because apparently we are now ascribing conscious intentionality to the nonconscious world .
We are saying the eyes were designed for seeing in a way that the tufts were not .
And they stress that the whole point of a naturalistic explanation , to which the Darwinian is supposedly committed , is that the world was not designed .
In response , one can only say that this is a misunderstanding of the nature of science .
The Darwinian does not want to say that the world is designed .
That is what the Intelligent Design crew argues .
The Darwinian is using a metaphor to understand the material nonthinking world .
We treat that world as if it were an object of design , because doing so is tremendously valuable heuristically .
And the use of metaphor is a commonplace in science .
Why then do we have these arguments ?
The clue is given at the end , when the authors start to quote - as examples of dreadful Darwinism - claims that human nature might have been fashioned by natural selection .
At the beginning of their book , they proudly claim to be atheists .
Perhaps so .
But my suspicion is that , like those scorned Christians , Fodor and Piattelli - Palmarini just cannot stomach the idea that humans might just be organisms , no better than the rest of the living world .
We have to be special , superior to other denizens of Planet Earth .
Christians are open in their beliefs that humans are special and explaining them lies beyond the scope of science .
I just wish that our authors were a little more open that this is their view too .
Michael Ruse is the Lucyle T. Werkmeister professor of philosophy and the director of the program in the history and philosophy of science at Florida State University .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
BAGHDAD 
At least 21 people were killed Wednesday in Karbala when a bomb was detonated only miles from a sacred Shiite shrine during a week in which millions of pilgrims are converging on the holy city .
In addition to the fatalities , more than 100 people were wounded , according to local and national officials .
It was the second major bombing against Shiite pilgrims this week , and it underscored the helplessness of Iraq ’s security forces to prevent attacks despite an imposing show of force .
Local officials said the attacker drove a motorcycle , pulling a cart laden with explosives , and detonated the bomb by remote control after parking in a crowded area .
However , an official at the Interior Ministry said that it was a suicide bombing , with the attacker steering a minibus rigged with explosives into a crowd on the outskirts of the city .
When will Michael Kettenbach and Gary Crossen ever learn ?
Last we saw Kettenbach , one of the more prominent in - laws in the feuding Demoulas family , he was on the losing end of a string of rulings in the fight over control of the $ 1 billion - plus supermarket fortune .
At the same time , Crossen , one of his lawyers , was stripped of his law ... ( Full article : 1322 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
A team of Michigan State University scientists -- using a new cooling method they created -- has uncovered the inner workings of a key iron - containing enzyme , a discovery that could help researchers develop new medicines or understand how enzymes repair DNA .
Taurine / alpha - ketoglutarate dioxygenase , known as TauD , is a bacterial enzyme that is important in metabolism .
Enzymes in this family repair DNA , sense oxygen and help produce antibiotics .
Specifically , the MSU team was interested in how iron and oxygen atoms reacted together in the enzyme .
Understanding how TauD works , which serves as a model for many other proteins , has implications in the scientific and medical fields , said Robert Hausinger , MSU professor of microbiology and molecular genetics .
" This is a broad enzyme family with similar mechanisms , " he said .
" Understanding how TauD works sheds light on how many other enzymes function from bacteria to humans .
This can be applicable to a wide variety of essential enzymes of medical and agricultural interest . "
For example , Hausinger said , understanding how the enzyme works can help scientists design inhibitors to prevent it from doing its job , which is a key step in preventing diseases .
Also , understanding how the iron inserts oxygen atoms into other molecules provides insight into how enzymes metabolize the majority of medical drugs or environmental pollutants in the human body .
As understanding how enzymes work can be very complicated -- such reactions often are complex , fast and require multiple steps -- the MSU team developed a new method to follow the TauD reaction .
The difficult part for researchers was to slow down the reaction enough that the individual steps can be observed ; one way to slow down an enzymatic reaction is to cool it .
The team used a stream of cold nitrogen gas to slow down the reaction at - 36 C ( - 33 F ) .
To prevent freezing and to keep the reaction going , the scientists used ethylene glycol -- the same antifreeze that goes in vehicles .
Once the reaction started , the team used lasers -- in an advanced method called Raman spectroscopy -- to follow the vibrations of iron and oxygen atoms in TauD to determine how the reaction progressed .
They found never seen before steps in the TauD reaction , overturning conventional thought .
The project was a collaboration between the laboratories of Hausinger and Denis Proshlyakov of MSU 's Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology , with support from MSU colleague Piotr Grzyska and Evan Appelman of the Argonne National Laboratory in Chicago .
The research , supported by the National Institutes of Health , was recently published in the Proceedings of National Academy of Sciences Early Edition .
President Obama proposed a tax on the country 's largest banks to help recover the money lost under the Troubled Assets Relief Programme ( Tarp ) .
This tax is a positive step .
However , it will not come close to recovering the losses incurred in the bailouts and it will do almost nothing to change the way that the banks do business .
For this we will need a larger financial speculation tax .
First , it is necessary to be clear on the extent of the losses incurred in the bailouts of the financial system .
The losses in the Tarp are currently pegged at close to $ 120bn , mostly due to the bailout of AIG , the giant US insurance company .
This money was virtually a direct handout to several large banks , as the government 's money allowed AIG to make payments to Goldman Sachs and other large banks that would not have been possible if it had fallen into bankruptcy .
But these losses are far from the complete picture with the Tarp .
On the night before Christmas , the Treasury department lifted the $ 200bn cap on the amount that both the mortgage agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac can draw on the Treasury .
They both now have unlimited lines of credit .
No one knows how much their bailouts will eventually cost taxpayers , but it is almost certain that their losses are not entirely attributable to the portfolio that the mortgage giants held on 7 September 2008 when they were put into government conservatorship .
Many of the losses incurred by Fannie and Freddie are almost certainly due to losses on mortgages they purchased from banks after they went into conservatorship .
In other words , Fannie and Freddie were paying too much for the mortgages they purchased from the banks .
This is exactly what the Tarp was originally supposed to do .
In effect , the treasury department has run a version of Tarp through Fannie and Freddie .
If we want to calculate the money taxpayers lost through from the Tarp programme we should certainly include the money lost bailing out these mortgage giants , which can now exceed $ 400 bn if events turn out badly .
This means that if the point is to recover the money lost in the Tarp , the bank tax is likely to fall short by a large margin .
The other key consideration in making the banks pay should be to structure a tax that changes the way the banks do business .
This money lost in the Tarp programme is just a small fraction of what the banks ' greed cost the country .
We will likely lose more than $ 4tn in output in this downturn , more than 40 times the projected revenue from the tax over the next decade .
The $ 9bn that is projected to be collected each year is equal to about 5 % of their annual profits and bonuses .
It is unlikely to have any noticeable impact on the way they do business .
In other words , we can still expect them to be pursuing short - term profits and giving little consideration to long - term investments .
A tax on financial speculation more generally , which will also apply to hedge funds and other financial institutions , would be a far more effective mechanism in changing behaviour .
It could also raise very substantial revenue .
In the UK , a tax of 0.25 % on the purchase and sale of shares of stock raises the equivalent of $ 30bn annually in the US relative to the size of its economy .
A broadly based transactions tax – that would apply not only to stock , but also to options , futures , credit default swaps and other financial instruments – could raise more than $ 150bn a year in the US .
Such a tax would also make the financial sector more efficient by reducing the volume of short - term trading that serves no productive purpose .
The share of the private sector that is devoted to investment banking and commodities trading has nearly quadrupled in the last three decades .
By reducing the volume of trading this tax would make the financial sector more efficient , freeing up resources for productive uses .
This would be comparable to improving the trucking sector by reducing the number of trucks and drivers it takes to deliver goods to wholesalers and retailers .
Industries are supposed to become more efficient as the economy develops .
It is only finance that is becoming less efficient due to its ever - growing complexity .
In short , a tax on financial speculation is a win for just about everyone but the speculators .
President Obama 's bank tax is a good start but we have to go much further .
JERUSALEM , Nov 3 ( Reuters ) - Jews took over another house in Arab East Jerusalem on Tuesday in what Palestinians say is a systematic campaign to drive them out and strengthen Israel 's hold on all of Jerusalem .
The house , built 10 years ago by the al - Kurd family , is the seventh this year to be awarded to Jewish settlers following legal battles in the Israeli courts , where the Palestinians say a fair hearing is impossible to obtain .
The houses , in a predominantly Palestinian district , now fly the Israeli flag and are protected by men with guns .
The al - Kurd house was unoccupied and locked for eight years by court order pending settlement of a land - ownership dispute .
Police kept members of the family back as a dozen Israeli men removed furniture .
" They can go to Syria , Iraq , Jordan .
We are six million and they are billions , " said Yehya Gureish , an Arabic - speaking Yemen - born Jew who said his family owned the land and had Ottoman Empire documentation to prove it .
" This land is Israel .
We are in Israel .
God gave this land to the Jews .
The Torah tells us so .
You want war ?
Declare war on God , not on us , " he said .
Israel annexed East Jerusalem after capturing the area in a 1967 war and regards all of the city as its capital , a claim not recognised internationally .
Some 200,000 Jews live in East Jerusalem , alongside about 250,000 Palestinians .
Palestinians , who want East Jerusalem as the capital of a state they hope to create in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , say they have little chance of winning property cases in Israeli courts or reclaiming land or homes in West Jerusalem and Israel .
The home takeover was filmed by an activist from the pro-Palestinian International Solidarity Movement , whose video includes some cursing and a brief scuffle , but no violence .
" I am Jerusalemite , a Palestinian .
I did n't come from all over the world , " said Rifka al - Kurd , who had the house built 10 years ago for her married daughter .
A group of Orthodox religious Jews watched the scene from the rooftop of a nearby house they took over in early August , on the same day as its Palestinian residents were evicted onto the street .
An Israeli flag fluttered from the roof .
Also watching were members of the al - Ghawi family , who have symbolically camped on the sidewalk next to their former home for three months in a protest against eviction .
Their tent was broken up by Israeli police last week but they set it up again .
The United States and the United Nations have demanded Israel stop evicting Palestinians in East Jerusalem or demolishing their homes .
Israel says it is on solid legal ground in tearing down structures built without permits .
Palestinians says building permission is impossible to obtain from Israeli authorities .
( Writing by Douglas Hamilton ; Editing by Myra MacDonald )
5 Chapters of O’Reilly ’s Ruby Best Practices – Free !
By Peter Cooper
Ruby Best Practices is a book by Gregory Brown ( and published by O'Reilly ) that looks into the " Ruby way " of doing things in the Ruby language and , specifically , why Rubyists tend to write Ruby the way they do .
It 's an engaging book and we took a look at it and interviewed Gregory Brown about it just over a year ago .
Gregory always wanted to be able to give away his book with a Creative Commons license eventually and O'Reilly have kindly allowed him to start doing that , a chapter at a time .
So far , the first five chapters are available to download at GitHub ( in PDF format ) .
Specifically :
However , it 's not just a free for all !
If you read these chapters , Gregory ( the primary author of the book ) implores you to comment and offer any advice or insights you might have on the relevant posts on the RBP blog ..
he also suggests that if you really like it , you should buy a copy of the book somehow , if only to convince O'Reilly that this publishing model is a " Good Thing . "
Gregory claims that the book has n't even made its advance back yet ( how ! ? ) , which makes this gesture all the better .
To buy a copy , head over to O'Reilly for e-book and print copies or go to your usual bookselling site ( Amazon.com are probably the cheapest as usual ) .
Kudos to Gregory and O'Reilly for this move .
Quantum computing — using individual atoms as information carriers — could transform the way we study the world , solving problems that would take many human lifetimes for today ’s supercomputers in a matter of days .
Unlike conventional computers , which store each piece of data as a single value ( either zero or one ) , quantum processors can take on multiple values simultaneously , which is why they are so efficient .
Or rather why they would be , if we could figure out how to build them .
So engineers in the field are abuzz about two major advances toward the creation of a practical quantum computer .
Researchers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology ( NIST ) in Colorado unveiled a device that meets the basic criteria for a scaled - up quantum computer .
It can store and display data , shuttle information around the processor , and perform repeated logic operations with a consistently low error rate .
“ We ’ve pulled all the components together for the first time , ” says Jonathan Home , a physicist at NIST who leads the project .
His team accomplished the feat by pairing quantum bits — in this case , super - cold beryllium atoms used to store data — with magnesium atoms that act as refrigerants .
( Even a little heat makes it difficult to control the atoms . )
Lasers allowed the scientists to direct the computations performed by the atoms .
Meanwhile , a separate group headed by physicist Robert Schoelkopf at Yale University has built the first solid - state quantum processor .
Unlike most quantum computing systems , the structure of this device resembles that of the integrated circuits in current computers , which could help bridge the gap between today ’s technology and tomorrow’s .
Certified Virgin -
Make it official
Whether you are a virgin , feel like a virgin , or want to be a virgin again , getting a virginity certificate is probably the easiest way to go .
Show your friends you care ,
and certify them as well .
Getting a certificate is easy and wo n't hurt your wallet .
A disgruntled reader shares his letter to his Senator , Chuck Schumer .
What could he have done to help out the hurting people of America ?
1 . Put his foot down when they Jacked our Credit Cards rate to 30 % ( I have never missed a payment and I pay more then the minimum payment .
2 . Put his foot down on GS , MS , JPM buying tankers full of oil and parking them all over the world .
There 's enough oil tankers full of oil to block the English channel , thats 26 miles or tankers ( Lets put more money in the hands of Terrorists )
3. Audit the Fed , what is he hiding ?
How many Detroit and Cleavland Crack Houses does he own ( or should it be WE OWN ) .
He bought these for what Wall Street said they were worth , you know we got screwed on that deal !
Its not getting any better here , Unemployment is not coming down , its going up .
Look at the money the US .
Government pays out every month for UI benefits it 's going up at a rate 20 % + a month ( That figure is an Understatement )
I have been working all my life , for the last 25 years as a Industrial Electrician making over $ 80,000 a year , now I can't find a job .
All I have to look Forward to is to see if I Quality for the $ 3000 Welfare tax credit on my 2009 income taxes so I can pay my State and local property taxes .
The only thing he is doing is causing TRADER INFLATION , let see how far we can run the price up on food , gas and heat and if we blow ourselves up , it wo n't be the first time OH - WELL ( if we do n't we can keep the money . )
I have never voted Against the Democrats in my life , BUT I WILL THIS TIME just like the people of Mass .
did last week .
Its your time to stick up for the people of New York State and this country we call home .
I will be watching to see what you do for us .
The people of America are to the breaking point and if we snap how long do you think Citi , Bank of America , and Wells Fargo will last if everybody stops paying ther Morgages and Credit Cards .
I do n't know if you will see this letter , I hope you do .
Thank You
Angelo
London , Feb 15 : Scientists at the University of Cambridge have created a new way of using the genetic code , allowing proteins to be made with properties that have never been seen in the natural world .
According to Jason Chin and his colleagues from the university , the breakthrough could eventually lead to the creation of new or ' ' improved ' ' life forms incorporating these new materials into their tissue .
In all existing life forms , the four '' letters ' ' of the genetic code , called nucleotides , are read in triplets , so that every three nucleotides encode a single amino acid .
Chin and colleagues have now redesigned the cell ''s machinery so that it reads the genetic code in quadruplets .
In the genetic code that life has used up to now , there are 64 possible triplet combinations of the four - nucleotide letters ; these genetic " words " are called codons .
Each codon either codes for an amino acid or tells the cell to stop making a protein chain .
Now Chin ''s team has created 256 blank four - letter codons that can be assigned to amino acids that do n''t even exist yet .
To achieve this , the team had to redesign three pieces of the cellular machinery that make proteins .
The researchers went on to prove their new genetic code works by assigning two " unnatural " amino acids to their quadruplet codons , and incorporated them into a protein chain .
" It ''s the beginning of a parallel genetic code , " New Scientist quoted Chin as saying .
They ''ve also shown that these amino acids can react with each other to form a different kind of chemical bond to those , which usually hold proteins together in their three - dimensional shape .
The normal kind of bonds - disulphide bonds - can be broken by changes in heat and acidity , causing proteins to lose their 3D structure .
However , the bonds created between Chin ' 's new amino acids are stronger - and so could allow proteins to work in a much wider range of environments .
For instance , this could help make drugs that can be taken orally without being destroyed by the acids in the digestive tract .
The study appears in the Journal Nature .
( ANI )
Jeffries played Grandpa Potts in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
The well - known actor and film director Lionel Jeffries has died at the age of 83 , his family has announced .
Best known for directing The Railway Children and appearing in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang , his long career spanned theatre , film and television .
Known for his bald head , baritone voice and bristling moustache , the London - born actor trained at RADA before making his screen debut in 1950 .
In later years he played the loveable Grandad in children 's TV show Woof !
According to a family friend , Jeffries died in a nursing home in Poole , Dorset .
Actress Jenny Agutter , star of The Railway Children , remembered him as being " an extraordinary character " and " wonderfully funny " .
" He was a total dear to work with , " she told the BBC .
" He very much created a family on set . "
He was seen ( with Madge Ryan ) in a 1992 episode of Casualty
Born in the East End in 1926 , Jeffries served in Burma during World War II and would later blame its humidity for his hair loss .
His career saw him play an array of larger - than - life characters , notably the odious Marquis of Queensbury in 1960 drama The Trials of Oscar Wilde .
Despite the success of The Railway Children , whose script he wrote , he only made four more films as a director .
These included The Amazing Mr Blunden in 1972 , Wombling Free in 1977 and The Water Babies the following year .
Jeffries 's features served him well over the years but would often consign him to authority figures and elderly relatives .
He played Dick Van Dyke 's father Grandpa Potts in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang , despite being the US actor 's junior by six months .
It was a wild stay for campers at the San Diego Zoo Wild Animal Park over the weekend .
At 2 AM on Valentine 's Day morning , they awoke to the festive trumpeting of the African elephant herd announcing a newborn calf .
" The herd was celebrating , " said Brittany Trawick , San Diego Zoo 's Wild Animal Park elephant keeper .
" Elephants are social animals .
When a calf is born they let everyone know ! "
The unnamed calf 's mother is Ndlulamitsi ( Ndlula for short ) , a name that means " taller than trees " in the SiSwati language .
The calf was born in the large elephant field in the presence of the entire herd , now made up of 13 elephants , including the calf 's father and Ndlula 's older offspring , Vus'musi , whose name means " to build a family . "
" We have set up the care of the elephant herd to be as natural as possible , including during a birth , " said Randy Rieches , San Diego Zoo 's Wild Animal Park curator of mammals .
" During an impending birth we keep a close eye on the cow and make sure she is in the company of at least one other elephant to provide her with support .
In this case she surprised us and had the birth at little earlier than we expected , so she had the comfort of the entire herd , creating a very natural birth . "
At sunrise , the Roar & Snore campers were finally able to see why the elephants had been excited just a few hours earlier .
The campers were the first to see the male calf , surrounded by his " aunties " and their calves .
When the keepers arrived a short time later they found the bull and Vus'musi , the herd 's oldest youngster at 6 years old , standing guard a short distance away , acting like a herd would do in the wild .
Rescued by the Wild Animal Park in August 2003 , Ndlula and six other adult elephants were to be culled in Swaziland 's Big Game Parks because of elephant overpopulation .
A lack of space and long periods of drought created unsuitable habitat for a large elephant population in the small southern African country .
Big Game
Parks officials felt they had two options : kill this group of elephants or export them to a zoo willing to care for the pachyderms .
At the San Diego Zoo and the San Diego Zoo's Wild Animal Park , elephant studies are underway on nutrition , daily walking distance , growth and development and bioacoustic communication .
In Africa , the Zoo has a researcher studying human - elephant conflicts as well as habitat range and use .
In 2004 , the Zoo committed to contributing $ 30,000 yearly to Swaziland 's Big Game Parks though 2014 to fund programs like anti-poaching patrols , improved infrastructure and the purchase of additional acreage for the Big Game Parks .
In addition , the Zoo supports other elephant conservation projects through donations to the International Elephant Foundation , an organization that funds elephant conservation projects around the world .
The average gestation period for African elephants is 649 days or 22 months .
A newborn calf is about three feet tall and averages 250 to 300 pounds .
Calves can be weaned at 2 to 3 years old .
An adult African elephant is much larger than its cousin , the Asian elephant .
A male African elephant weighs 7 to 8 tons and can stand about 10.5 feet tall at the shoulders .
A female can weigh approximately four tons and stand 8.2 feet at the shoulders .
Ovechkin - Datsyuk - Semin , Kovalchuk - Malkin- Afinogenov and other lines at Team Russia practice ( Photo © Reuters )
The Russian team practiced for the second time in Vancouver .
According to the Russian channel “ Russia 2 ” the lines were :
Ovechkin – Datsyuk – Semin , Grebeshkov – Korneev .
Kovalchuk – Malkin – Afinogenov , Gonchar – Tyutin .
Zaripov – Zinoviev – Morozov , Markov – Nikulin .
Radulov – Fedorov – Kozlov , Kalinin – Volchenkov .
“ I was sure that our line would look like that ” , said Evgeni Malkin to Russia 2 .
“ I agree with the coaches , it ’s an optimal combination ” .
“ I supposed that our line would look like that because we played together during the Olympic camp ” , Ilya Kovalcuk told Russia 2 .
“ It is a good , interesting and dynamic line .
I think if we try hard we can be very useful to the team . ”
Translation by RussianHockeyFans.com
Funeral services for a recent newlywed and former USC graduate student were held Wednesday in Westwood after the 33 - year - old man died after competing as a contestant on ABC ’s reality show “ Wipeout . ”
Tom Sparks appears to have died of a stroke after trying to complete an obstacle course stunt for the reality competition show , according to preliminary medical findings .
The recent graduate of the USC Annenberg School for Communication & Journalism initially complained of knee pain and was experiencing shortness of breath during the event .
He was later taken to a local hospital for further examination and was subsequently transferred to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center , where after several brain surgeries , he died Nov. 5 .
“ I did not have him in a class , ” said Patricia Dean , associate director of the School of Journalism , “ But he made a point to get to know everyone .
He was the kind of person who -- and this is a great trait for journalism -- when he talked to you , he talked directly to you and cared about what you said . ”
Sparks , who was teamed with his wife , Katie , on the reality show , graduated from USC in 1999 with a bachelor ’s degree in communications .
The couple married a few months ago and had recently returned from a European honeymoon .
Advertisement
Sparks ’ career began at L.A. 's KROQ - FM radio station ; he then became a morning DJ at KSKI - FM in Sun Valley , Ida .
He returned to USC in 2007 to earn a master ’s degree and graduated last spring .
“ He seemed invincible , ” said Keli Moore , a friend and former classmate at USC .
“ He was very talented and was always , always on the go . ”
Sparks ’ cause of death has been deferred pending additional medical tests , said a spokesman for the Los Angeles County coroner ’s office .
According to the Idaho Mountain Express , Bill Sparks ,
Tom ’s father , says that doctors think Tom ’s stroke was most likely caused by a pre-existing conditioned known as antiphospholipid antibody syndrome , a disorder that causes abnormal clotting of the blood .
Advertisement
“ Wipeout , ” currently filming its third season , requires its contestants to engage in physically challenging stunts -- bouncing on giant balls into the water or sailing off of a ramp into the dark -- in an attempt to win a hefty cash prize .
As with many reality shows involving physical exertion , Endemol USA , which produces “ Wipeout , ” requires contestants to sign a release and take a physical exam before their participation .
Sparks did not list any pre-existing conditions in his application for the show but did note that he had recently completed the Long Beach Marathon
“ We offer our heartfelt condolences to the family , ” ABC and Endemol said in a joint statement .
“ This is a tragic loss and our thoughts are with them at this time . ”
--
Advertisement
yvonne.villarreal@latimes.com
As the Boy Scouts of America ( BSA ) turns 100 today , its millions of alumni will nostalgically recall canoe trips , campfires , and hikes along country roads , and wonder what to expect from the future for this iconic American institution .
BSA expects to expand its programs to help young people develop strong characters , good values , and healthy bodies , using the same core value statements – the Scout Oath and Law – it has had for a century .
It expects to attract new members with exciting programs , a renewed commitment to urban youth , and an emphasis on America ’s growing Hispanic population .
It is combating childhood obesity and has updated its delivery methods with blogs , cool websites , and a digital version of the Boy Scout Handbook you can download to your iPhone .
Parents expect a high - quality activity to make their children happy and independent .
The kids expect a great time .
I expect peace .
The Scout oath pledges youth to build things they will need in adult life – physical strength , mental alertness , and good morals .
They also need peace – in their homes , their communities , and their world .
Department of Justice figures show that between 1998 and 2002 almost 3.5 million violent crimes were committed against family members and that , in 2008 , 19 out of every 1,000 Americans experienced violent crime .
War and terrorism plague the international scene .
People who are responsible for one another value peace with one another .
Family members do n’t abuse relatives to whom they ’re committed , neighbors do n’t destroy the community they ’ve built together , and countries that cooperate in solving common problems seek ways other than war to resolve their differences .
Scouting ’s outdoor experiences teach young people to be responsible – not only for themselves , but for those around them .
A patrol of eight Scouts on a weekend camp out quickly learn life lessons in their minicommunity .
When the new boy lags behind on the hike , the other Scouts have to figure out how to help him lighten his pack , and get to camp .
When the Eagle patrol forgets oil for its pancakes , the Bobwhite patrol gets to decide whether it can spare some , even if it means going without oil for its stew .
Sometimes parents in my troop remark about their son ’s growth , or a good turn he has done , or how an older Scout helped a younger one .
I reply , “ This isScouting .
This is the way the world could be . ”
When the late Judge Edward Coulson ascended to the Texas trial court bench , one of the gifts he asked his friends for was a copy of the Boy Scout Handbook .
He set it on his credenza .
Once , when mediating a case in chambers , the defendant told Judge Coulson he thought they could settle the case without the lawyers .
He said , “ Your Honor , I see you have a copy of the Boy Scout Handbook .
I ’m an old Scout myself .
I bet if we use the Scout Oath and Law , we can come to a fair result in this dispute . ”
They settled that afternoon .
This is Scouting .
This is way the world could be .
Because the Scout Oath and Law enunciate principles common to all religions and cultures , it is a common bond among peoples throughout the world that promotes peace .
Nearly every country on earth has Scouting .
For years , Scouting associations from several Arab nations pressed the World Organization of the Scout Movement to grant membership to the Palestinian Scout Association ; the rule that member groups must represent a sovereign country kept it out .
The issue was a principal topic of conversation at the World Organization ’s 1996 meeting and , by the time of the closing session , everyone expected a vote on the question .
Morris Zilka was the delegate of the Israel Boy and Girl Scouts Federation , an umbrella organization representing the Scout associations of many religions .
Delegates from countries friendly to Israel asked Morris how they could help .
Morris said , “ Let ’s just see what happens . ”
During the session , secretary - general Jacques Moreillon discussed membership for the Palestinian association .
He spoke of the challenges of providing Scouting for Palestinian youth , and how hard Palestinian Scout leaders had worked to do so .
He called upon Morris to speak to the issue .
Morris began in Arabic , addressing himself to “ My brother and sister Scout leaders ” and made some preliminary remarks .
He continued , “ Mr. Chairman , the Israel Boy and Girl Scouts Federation moves for the immediate recognition of the Palestinian Scout Association as a member of the World Organization . ”
After an ovation , the resolution was voted upon , and passed .
This is Scouting , a program that teaches children to care for the Earth and the people who live together on it .
This is the way the world could be .
We must support its important work into its second century .
Nelson R. Block co-chaired the 2008 Johns Hopkins University program , “ Scouting : A Centennial History Symposium , ” and co-edited the recently published book “ Scouting Frontiers : Youth and the Scout Movement ’s First Century . ”
Acting on a music industry tipoff , Swedish police conducted a raid yesterday which led to the arrest of a man on suspicion of copyright infringement .
The 25 year - old is said to have made 12,000 tracks available on the Internet .
After questioning the man admitted the charge and was later released .
While BitTorrent is far and away the most popular file - sharing protocol in use today , it is relatively rare that its users attract the attention of the police .
The reasons for this are fairly straightforward .
When the police get involved with file - sharers they are usually interested in very large - scale cases of copyright infringement .
While BitTorrent users may indeed be sharing many items at once , it ’s not simply a case of browsing that user ’s shared folder to see what else is on offer – BitTorrent has no ‘ shared - folder ’ - type setup .
Direct Connect , however , does have such a setup and its users are likely to share their whole music collections at once in an easily identifiable way .
Although Direct Connect hubs are more difficult to access than a regular torrent site , once in , investigators find gathering evidence trivial if the sharers make no effort to mask their identities .
While details are scarce at the moment and the use of Direct Connect has not yet been confirmed , it appears that another large - scale file - sharer has fallen foul of the law .
Acting on a tipoff , Swedish police carried out a raid in the Uppvidinge Municipality yesterday .
After a search on the home of a 25 year - old man , he was arrested on suspicion of copyright infringement and his computer was seized .
According to the police , during questioning the man later admitted to sharing 12,000 songs on the Internet , although they probably mean ‘ making available ’ – a subtle but important difference .
He was later released .
Police said the investigation was led by the prosecutors office in Stockholm , who were acting on a tip from what they describe as a “ music interests organization . ”
Although unconfirmed at the moment , this type of tip and raid bears all the hallmarks of IFPI .
Just over a week ago , IFPI submitted a request to the Stockholm District Court to force an ISP to hand over the personal details of another alleged large - scale file - sharer , confirmed to have used Direct Connect .
The action marked the first time a request had been made by the organization under the IPRED legislation introduced in April .
It is unclear why yesterday ’s arrest of an alleged 12,000 track file - sharer means that his case will be dealt with in a criminal court , yet the other detailed above involving a 10,000 track sharer is destined for IFPI civil action .
At the time of writing , Torrent Freak ’s requests for more information from the Stockholm police remain unanswered .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Seniors , Senior Citizen and the elderly are the common terms for a person who comes with the retirement age .
Retirement age at which an individual can retire from his or her job position and receive all the benefits guaranteed under a retirement plan .
A major part of life is working so hard , and the time has come to enjoy the fruits of labor .
Now , what comes next ?
Life continues with the retirees , here are ways how to get more out of life during retirement age :
Stay positive .
Although anxiety usually comes in with the elderly , try to counteract the worries and enjoy life instead .
Every morning is a new day , do something that would keep the spirit alive .
Explore new horizons .
Travelling is one of the most enjoyable and enriching activity after years of hardwork since taking a vacation is often missed because of end to end schedules .
An exploration of new environment gives an opportunity to see more of the beauty of the world , increase knowledge , widens perspective , and able to meet people of different culture .
Pursue and widen interests .
In younger days , personal interests and hobbies are being neglected because the main focus are generating income and taking care of the family .
Now is the time to pursue personal pastimes like writing , gardening , painting , playing a musical instrument , go into sports , learn new things in the computer such as joining social media groups and other networking sites .
Browse the web with subjects of interest and discover untold wealth of information .
It is never too late to learn and keep up with the new generation .
youtube video courtesy of havelah
Keep the heart , mind and body healthy .
• Avoid heated arguments and emotional conflicts .
Have a regular cardiovascular check - up with the family doctor .
• Quit smoking and drink alcohol moderately .
Too much alcohol is bad for arthritis , overweight , and cardiovascular diseases .
• Exercise regularly by doing light exercises or taking a brisk walk around the neighborhood .
Walking stimulates the senses and it gets the blood circulating .
• Eat plenty of protein , iron , ascorbic acid and calcium .
• Drink plenty of plain water without sugar or caffeine and other liquids with chemicals .
Water can keep the body balance and help maintain healthy weight .
It also reduces drowsiness and fatigue .
• Cut down on butter , fats and oil .
• Our body needs exercise so as our mind .
Continue to be updated with the latest news and keep the habit of reading books .
Reading helps largely in sharpening memory .
Build Relationships .
Spend quality moments with family and enjoy being around with grandchildren as well as taking time to have some coffee moments with valued friends who had been there through the years .
Build new relationships by joining a group which brings a sense of belongingness and worthiness .
One example is do volunteering in church or joining charity activities which are opportunities to share oneself in giving time to those in need .
Reconnect with yourself .
Have a regular schedule of giving yourself alone without the noisy distractions around .
Take time to reconnect with your own self and just enjoy the serenity by meditating peacefully in silence .
Keep the religious faith within and reconnect soul to the divine spirit .
Meditation and prayer can keep the mind healthy and rejuvenates the soul .
More articles :
Things People Normally Forget
Home Improvement Planning And Cost Saving Tips
Home Safety 101 : How To Prevent Accidents Inside The House
How to balance housekeeping tasks with your career life without burning out
( See the updated graphics below - h/t Scarce . )
Graphics are a wonderment when a discussion is poisoned with confounding dissemblance , extrapolation of facts beyond reasonableness , and plain shell - gaming .
Here 's an alternative view that 's a little more data intensive .
Thanks to Scarce .
Sorry it took me so long to update the diary , I had to go grocery shopping .
lol
Senate Republicans are using the filibuster to limit and often derail Democrats ' initiatives , paralyzing the Senate and making it nearly impossible to accomplish even the most routine matters .
The filibuster strategy " makes the Senate dysfunctional , " said Mark Strand , the president of the Congressional Institute , a nonpartisan research group .
That , in turn , blocks the Obama administration 's agenda , but it also sours public opinion on Washington , with polls showing clear public disdain for Congress in particular .
Republicans think voters will reward them for that in November .
Republicans believe standing on the brakes is what the country wants , and they will get the credit for being the feet on the pedal .
But what if they 're misreading the teabagger leaves in a way that 's as monumental as the spike in the graphic above ?
It escapes this Kossack how they can possibly spin that keeping government from doing anything is honorable and good governance .
It frankly is n't even clear that a Massachusetts Senate seat being given to a Super Majority breaking republican candidate was a response to " too much , too fast , too far " as they would have voters believe .
It is more likely to me that the Scott Brown anomaly is a take - that swipe by voters of all ilk in response to Democrats not respecting the Sword in the Stone that was pulled from the rock and handed over to their party to slay their foot - dragging dragon once and for all .
" If you can't put your fingers around the throat of this obstructionist lizard and kill it , and get the work done you can ' be trusted with the armor . "
Look at the graphic !
Look at the damage the republicans did in the last session .
And look how much damage they 've caused in this one before it 's even fully begun !
Is it possible that enough of voters even understand what they 've been up to ?
" Being unable to stop filibusters can make the party in power look ineffective , " said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University , who 's written extensively on the filibuster .
" The Republican goal now is to make Obama look like an ineffective leader . "
To that end , Republicans appear to be taking the filibuster to a new level .
They 've filibustered 15 nominees to mid-level jobs that formerly got routine approval ; all ultimately were confirmed except for Craig Becker , whom Obama nominated for the National Labor Relations Board .
Tuesday 's bid to cut off debate on Becker fell eight votes short and infuriated many Democrats , who saw the GOP blockage as " unprecedented , " as Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D - Vt. , put it .
I think it 's time to put an end to the misuse of this emergency tool , and I 'm not claiming to know how .
I concede that to elliminate it all together is a mistake .
But to allow this kind of predictable impasse , especially at a time in our economic history when we need rapid movement more than perhaps any other time , without some kind of tightening regulation of it is dangerous - not for one or the other parties - but for our country .
So there it is in graphic detail .
This McClatchy report makes is pretty simple to see the record of republican abuse of the filibuster , as well as lay the ground work to illustrate the intent - to kill anything and everything that makes Democrats look like they can govern - just to earn votes .
In the old days , you got votes because you were good at governing .
Now , the republicans think , you get votes by preventing it .
If the Civil Rights bill had been exposed to the risk that it would have been ultimately destroyed by an immutable filibuster , would that have been a persuasive enough argument for regulating the tool , if not killing it all together ?
I think it would have been , no matter the spot it put politicians in for their future , or how difficult living in a vote - up - or - down world might have been .
I think the battles we face now are that important , and have as much of an impact on our future , that they warrant a good long look at the self - mutilating effect The Filibuster has on a country governed by a party who thinks holding it hostage is a legitimate bargaining tool .
UPDATE : CDH makes a good call - to - action suggestion .
Well , here .
I 'll let CDH tell you !:
I said goodbye to my product Commuter Feed / www.commuterfeed.com in October of 2012 .
Today I ’m officially saying goodbye to the blog which has been suffering neglect for months .
The following was posted on blog.commuterfeed.com on October 8 , 2012 .
Below this goodbye post , I ’m going to copy over the press page from there as well .
Commuter Feed had a lasting influence on the early social web – the echoes of which linger in many products we know and love today .
This achievement is something I ’m still very proud of .
Saying Goodbye to Commuter Feed
By Ron on October 8th , 2012
The euro : Love it or leave it ?
Barry Eichengreen
Originally posted 17 November 2007 , this Vox column is more relevant than ever arguing that adopting the euro is effectively irreversible .
Leaving would require lengthy preparations , which , given the anticipated devaluation , would trigger the mother of all financial crises .
National households and firms would shift deposits to other Eurozone banks producing a system - wide bank run .
Investors , trying to escape , would create a bond - market crisis .
Here is what the train wreck would look like .
The world economy is continually changing , but one constant is dissatisfaction with the euro .
Toward the beginning of the decade , the main complaint was that the euro was too weak for booming economies like Ireland .
Now the complaint is that it is too strong for growth - challenged countries like Italy .
To be sure , the source of the current problem is external .
It stems from the fall of the dollar , reflecting a combination of economic and financial problems in the United States , and the insistence of the Chinese authorities that the renminbi should follow the greenback .
But that does nothing to defuse the complaints .
The negative impact is being felt by all Eurozone members .
But some countries where growth was already stagnant , such as Italy , are least able to cope .
Already in June 2005 , following two years of euro appreciation , then - Italian welfare minister Roberto Maroni declared that “ the euro has to go . ”
Then - prime minister Silvio Berlusconi followed by calling the euro “ a disaster . ”
But this earlier episode of appreciation pales in comparison with what has happened since .
And if the dollar depreciates further and the US falls into a full - blown recession – both of which are more likely than not – calls like these will be back .
So is the euro doomed ?
After seeing the number of Eurozone countries rise from 10 in 1999 to 15 at the beginning of 2008 , will the process shift into reverse ?
If one country leaves the Eurozone by reintroducing its national currency , will others follow ?
Will the entire enterprise collapse ?
The answer is no .
The decision to join the Eurozone is effectively irreversible .
1
However attractive the rhetoric of defection is for populist politicians , exit is effectively impossible – although not for the reasons suggested in earlier discussions .
A first reason why members will not exit , it is argued , is the economic costs .
A country that leaves the euro because of problems of competitiveness would be expected to devalue its newly - reintroduced national currency .
But workers would know this , and the resulting wage inflation would neutralise any benefits in terms of external competitiveness .
Moreover , the country would be forced to pay higher interest rates on its public debt .
Those old enough to recall the high costs of servicing the Italian debt in the 1980s will appreciate that this can be a serious problem .
But for each such argument about economic costs , there is a counterargument .
If reintroduction of the national currency is accompanied by labour market reform , real wages will adjust .
If exit from the Eurozone is accompanied by the reform of fiscal institutions so that investors can look forward to smaller future deficits , there is no reason for interest rates to go up .
Empirical studies show that joining the Eurozone does result in a modest reduction in debt service costs ; by implication , leaving would raise them .
But this increase could be offset by a modest institutional reform , say , by increasing the finance minister ’s fiscal powers from Portuguese to Austrian levels .
Even populist politicians know that abandoning the euro will not solve all problems .
They will want to combine it with structural reforms .
A second reason why members will not exit , it is argued , is the political costs .
A country that reneges on its euro commitments will antagonise its partners .
It will not be welcomed at the table where other EU - related decisions were made .
It will be treated as a second class member of the EU to the extent that it remains a member at all .
Political costs there would be , but there would also be benefits for politicians who could claim that they were putting the interests of their domestic constituents first .
And politics have not rendered countries like Denmark and Sweden that have steadfastly refused to adopt the euro second - class EU member states .
The insurmountable obstacle to exit is neither economic nor political , then , but procedural .
Reintroducing the national currency would require essentially all contracts – including those governing wages , bank deposits , bonds , mortgages , taxes , and most everything else – to be redenominated in the domestic currency .
The legislature could pass a law requiring banks , firms , households and governments to redenominate their contracts in this manner .
But in a democracy this decision would have to be preceded by very extensive discussion .
And for it to be executed smoothly , it would have to be accompanied by detailed planning .
Computers will have to be reprogrammed .
Vending machines will have to be modified .
Payment machines will have to be serviced to prevent motorists from being trapped in subterranean parking garages .
Notes and coins will have to be positioned around the country .
One need only recall the extensive planning that preceded the introduction of the physical euro .
Back then , however , there was little reason to expect changes in exchange rates during the run-up and hence little incentive for currency speculation .
In 1998 , the founding members of the Eurozone agreed to lock their exchange rates at the then - prevailing levels .
This effectively ruled out depressing national currencies in order to steal a competitive advantage in the interval prior to the move to full monetary union in 1999 .
In contrast , if a participating member state now decided to leave the Eurozone , no such precommitment would be possible .
The very motivation for leaving would be to change the parity .
And pressure from other member states would be ineffective by definition .
Market participants would be aware of this fact .
Households and firms anticipating that domestic deposits would be redenominated into the lira , which would then lose value against the euro , would shift their deposits to other Eurozone banks .
A system - wide bank run would follow .
Investors anticipating that their claims on the Italian government would be redenominated into lira would shift into claims on other Eurozone governments , leading to a bond - market crisis .
If the precipitating factor was parliamentary debate over abandoning the lira , it would be unlikely that the ECB would provide extensive lender - of - last - resort support .
And if the government was already in a weak fiscal position , it would not be able to borrow to bail out the banks and buy back its debt .
This would be the mother of all financial crises .
What government invested in its own survival would contemplate this option ?
The implication is that as soon as discussions of leaving the Eurozone become serious , it is those discussions , and not the area itself , that will end .
Editor 's Note : ' euro area ' was changed to Eurozone in line with Vox style guidelines .
Footnote
1 For details , see The Breakup of the Euro Area .
Barry Eichengreen .
NBER Working Paper No. 13393 .
If you use Linux in any depth , you ’re eventually have to install a program from source code .
Normally the process is pretty quick and painless , but it still has some drawbacks , especially when it comes to upgrading or uninstalling that program .
To help resolve this , we ’ve got checkinstall , a useful tool that adds some cleverness to the process by keeping track of file changes and generating binary packages from your tarballs .
With checkinstall , you can generate a RPM , deb , or Slackware package that can be ported between systems for easy install and removal .
Getting checkinstall
Ubuntu users can install by clicking here or using your normal package manager .
Others can download the tarball from the checkinstall website .
How it Works
Essentially , checkinstall replaces the make install portion of a normal source code installation .
If you ’re unfamiliar with installing from source code in Linux , check out this guide to get the basics .
The rest of this guide will assume basic familiarity of the normal config / make / install process .
Once you ’ve run configure ( if necessary ) and make , you ’d normally run make install to complete the process .
Now you ’d run checkinstall instead , and it would take over the rest .
It will record all the files that would be used by make install and build the proper type of package for your system , so that the existing package manager ( apt , yum , etc ) can handle upgrades and removals .
Running Checkinstall
For this example , we ’ll be using checkinstall to install Python from a source tarball .
To follow along , you can download the same tarball here .
Once extracted to your target location , open that location in your terminal .
Run the normal two steps to start the build
And here is where checkinstall comes in .
Instead of make install we ’re using
If this is the first time checkinstall has been run in this directory , it ’ll start by asking if you want to create a directory to hold some documentation that may be needed for packaging later .
Accept the default of Yes and continue .
Next you ’ll be asked for a description .
This is what will be seen in places like the Summary field when showing package info .
Finally , you ’ll get the last screen confirming all of your package ’s details .
One important aspect of this screen is that you can set dependencies for your package .
For more details on that , see this Debian guide .
Make note of the location of the package generated by checkinstall .
It has been installed , but the package file could come in handy to reinstall later , bring to another computer , or share online .
Options for Checkinstall
Not everything can be covered by defaults , so of course checkinstall comes with a full set of options .
Some of the more useful include :
Full details are of course available with the -- help option or man page .
Web discussion : Google Inc. should buy T - Mobile USA from its German parent and distribute free Nexus One Android - based smartphones to the carrier 's 33 million subscribers .
The free smartphones , of course , would run location - aware Google mobile ads .
Sound ridiculous ?
Or not ?
Well , that scenario builds on the suggestions of a few serious financial thinkers and is still a fairly hot topic among bloggers and others a week after reports surfaced that T - Mobile may sold or spun out of the parent company .
To be perfectly clear : Google buying T - Mobile is just speculation .
In fact , some in the online world are just suggesting the move .
Neither company will comment at all about the speculation .
One apparently serious proponent of Google buying T - Mobile is an unnamed contributor to the Web site of consulting firm Gerson Lehman Group 's Web site .
The contributor is labeled an " expert " whose analysis is his or her own and not that of GLG .
" With Google Voice and now the Nexus One , like it or not , Google is becoming a telecom operator , " the GLG analysis says .
" I believe Google views the largest U.S. operators as competitors and are obstacles to owning the mobile channel , and if they purchased T - Mobile they would pick up 33 million new Google Voice users . "
TmoNews , which calls itself " The unofficial T - Mobile blog " site , took that GLG nugget and added the notion that T - Mobile 's 33 million subscribers should get free , Google ad - supported Nexus One smartphones .
" Imagine Google suddenly has 33 million Google Voice customers , " wrote TmoNews blog contributor David .
" What is to stop them from giving away their phones ad - supported ?
Would people really go for phones that are free , but inundated with ads every time they make a phone call , or go to browse the web ? "
Some TmoNews contributers hated the idea of ad - supported free phones ; others liked it .
One commenter , Ruben , suggested that ad - supported phones could lower subscriber costs and that a Android third - party developer could " come up with something to block [ ads ] on Android phones . "
Some commenters downplayed any thought of a Google - T- Mobile combination , noting that it would hurt other carriers already supporting Android phones .
" Honestly , I do not see Google taking any part of T - Mobile , " wrote voiceofreason .
" They have too much invested in the Android product with other carriers . "
The spector of a Google owning a carrier in addition to all its other products led one commenter , prettyboy 85712 to post : " Google + T- Mobile=Skynet . "
Skynet is an ominous artificial intelligence in the Terminator film series .
A columnist for PC World , David Coursey , picked up on the general discussion , and linked to a video blog by a reader named Mark Russell who sees the long - term logic of Google buying T - Mobile .
Coursey notes that Google has already announced a " What 's Nearby " location - based feature that could be a key in any Google - T - Mobile scenario .
" What 's Nearby " for Googles Maps is available on Android 1.6 and later devices .
The feature lets Android users get a list of the 10 closest places , such as restaurants , shops and points of interest , from any place on a Google map .
Coursey believes with what Google knows about its users that a location - based ad service " could be so finely tuned that users might actually look forward to its messages . "
Aside from Web commenters , two analysts said in e-mails that they do n't see a Google - T - Mobile marriage , although they conveyed a sense of ' nothing would surprise me when it comes to Google . '
A Google - T- Mobile deal " does n't make sense for the Google business model , which is advertising , but neither did making a phone , " remarked Gartner Inc. analyst Phillip Redman .
The biggest doubt is DT [ T - Mobile parent Deutsche Telekom ] actually selling , he added .
" I 'd be surprised that DT would sell off one of its more profitable ventures , as most companies are looking for international expansion in cellular , " Redman said .
Added Jack Gold , analyst at J. Gold Associates : " I 'd be very surprised if Google bought T - Mobile .
It would divert them from their primary business of creating services for users and advertisers .
I assume they could afford such a purchase , but would it make financial sense , given how difficult a business wireless is ?
And do they want to compete with other carriers who are just ramping up Android ? "
Gold said if DT moves ahead with divesting T - Mobile , it is more likely an IPO will be the avenue , " although I 'm not sure it will be very well received . "
A long shot is that a foreign carrier , maybe from China , comes in to buy T - Mobile USA , Gold added .
Matt Hamblen covers mobile and wireless , smartphones and other handhelds , and wireless networking for Computerworld .
Follow Matt on Twitter at @matthamblen , send e-mail to mhamblen@computerworld.com or subscribe to Matt's RSS feed .
Science fiction is full of female sex slaves - especially of the green skinned variety .
But what if you really want a male sex slave ?
Do n't worry .
Science fiction is here to teach you all about that , too .
Here 's how .
Advertisement
NOTE : Do not actually try this at home .
Sex slavery is creepy and wrong , even in science fiction .
Please read this post with extreme sarcasm , directed at stories that feature extreme wrongness .
1. Build your own .
While there are many ways to turn men into slaves to your libidinal needs , the easiest way to do it is just build your own .
That 's why some of the most popular male sex slaves are robots .
In 1980s movie Circuitry Man , we see a classic model :
The " romeo droid , " who can be programmed to love anyone , and will stop at nothing to consummate his feelings .
Sure he gets manipulated by a lot of powerful female gangsters , but that 's OK - he 's just a love slave , after all .
Keep in mind that love is n't the only thing you want from your sex slave .
It 's nice , but the syrupy moments can get a little annoying if you just want to take a ride on his disco stick .
That 's why you should consider using the sex mecha Gigolo Joe in AI Artificial Intelligence as your model .
Not only will he provide anyone with a night of sexytime , but he can also be reprogrammed to have any kind of manly personality his master wants .
He can change hair color , and go from mannered gentleman to rough - and - tumble cowboy , in seconds .
Advertisement
2. Dehumanize them by reducing them to semen dispensers .
If science fiction teaches us anything about men , it 's that they are basically designed to shoot sperm and nothing else .
Sure , sometimes they have cute little thoughts in those brains of theirs , but let 's face it :
Those balls were made for milkin' .
If movies like Hell Comes To Frogtown and A Boy And His Dog are any guide - and they are - it really does n't take much to turn one of those uppity men into a diaper - wearing sperm factory .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Sometimes they need to be tied up and gagged , but most of the time they seem to like wearing the portable jackoff machine ( see above for both techniques ) .
These men are sex slaves , so it 's important to remember that they are there for your comfort and service .
But the great thing about turning them into spooge foundries is that you are doing a service to humanity .
You 're aiding women everywhere who want to get pregnant without having to resort to all of the more complicated and difficult parts of sex slavery .
Advertisement
3 . Use collars , bizarre surgeries , or other physical alterations to make them helpless .
Advertisement
Sex slavery is also a way to express your creativity .
For example , Princess Ardala briefly made Buck Rogers her sex slave early in the 1980s series , and she did it just by offering him a collar and threatening the Earth with extinction if he did n't have sex with her .
Also , she made him disco dance beforehand , just to get him warmed up .
Science fiction teaches us that male sex slaves often enjoy themselves , unlike female sex slaves .
Certainly that was the case with Buck , who had a good time making out with Ardala before he made his escape .
Same goes for Lister from Red Dwarf , who is forced to marry a GELF ( genetically engineered life form ) in the novel Last Human .
Though he 's disturbed , he still enjoys sex with her :
Oh , my God , he was close to climax .
She really knew what she was doing .
Oh , he was so disgusted .
Did he have no self - control ?
She was descended from hippos , for God 's sake .
Advertisement
So in case you had any guilt over a male sex slave , just stop right there .
Men will have sex with hippos , so it 's no big deal if you are forcing them to have sex with you .
Advertisement
Perhaps the most creative form of sex slavery is depicted in Mary Doria Russell 's novel The Sparrow , where a famous alien poet turns a human Catholic priest into his love toy .
To remind the priest of his lowly yet exalted position , the poet has the priest 's fingers cut all the way down to his wrists , so that his hands become a useless set of five extra-long fingers .
I 'm not here to condemn your wish for a male sex slave , but let 's just say that might have been taking things a little too far .
Honestly , if you want to keep a man in line , you do n't need to destroy his hands .
Just do what Six and Three did with Baltar in Battlestar Galactica .
Stash him in a velvety bedroom on your remote spaceship , do n't let him wear anything but a robe , and make him have threesomes with you even if he cries .
He secretly likes it .
Advertisement
4 . Give them drugs or wipe their minds .
The good news for the soft - hearted among you is that you do n't have to torture men a lot to make them your slaves - a little torture can go a long way , especially if you combine it with drugs or mindwipes .
Think of it this way :
When Dollhouse 's Adelle DeWitt needs a little action , she just imprints Victor with a suave British , foxy personality called Roger .
And then she has him visit her at a remote , hidden location every week for romantic dalliances .
Look - she 's a busy woman , and she needs some sex slave action sometimes .
Luckily she runs the Dollhouse , whose specialty is mindwiped prostitutes .
Nobody gets hurt , and everybody is happy .
Roger likes it too !
Advertisement
You can also use your mindwiped sex slave as a gym workout .
In C.J. Cherryh 's classic Downbelow Station , warship captain Signy Mallory keeps a mindwiped spy as her torture pet , which also seems to give her a sexual charge .
Advertisement
Drugs are even easier than mindwiping .
And they 're good for the kids !
In the Harry Potter series , love potions are all the rage - especially among girls who want to get some boy action .
Harry is almost drugged several times , and Ron gets completely slaved when a potion turns him into one girl 's lovemuffin .
Helping somebody drug a guy into sex slavery also wins you points in videogame Fallout 3 .
See how altruism comes up all the time when it comes to male sex slavery ?
It brings out the best in all of us .
Advertisement
Apparently Farscape hero Crichton does n't get that , though , because he fights against his aphrodisiac - enabled enslavement to Grayza .
She never should have let him tie her up for that sex game , since that was his avenue of escape .
Remember :
The slave should be the one tied up , not the master .
5 . Turn your step - son into a love toy .
An unorthodox but common method of developing a sex slave is to just pick from your immediate but non-related family .
The so - weird - it - was - pretty - much - SF TV series Profit shows that if you blackmail your stepson into having sex with you , it can be a source of awesome cars , money and satisfaction .
Jim Profit 's step - mother in the eponymous series forces her son to have a lot of sex with her and give her lots of nice clothes , and is n't afraid to tie him up and whip him for good measure .
Here 's a nice little video that sums up their relationship .
In the Metal Gear Solid games , Dr. Hal Emmerich ( AKA Otacon ) is revealed to have been his step - mother 's sex toy when he was a teenager .
Sadly , she lost control of him and he 's doomed to have terrible relationships because all he 's really good for is slavery .
Let this be a lesson to you :
Do n't let your slave escape .
Once a sex slave , always a sex slave .
Advertisement
6 . Train them early to be love servants and " pretties . "
As these enslaving step - moms teach us , nothing makes a better sex slave than early training .
That 's why the love moppets in Sherri S. Tepper 's novel Six Moon Dance go to school for years to learn the arts of love and comeliness .
If you teach men from a young age that they are there to be looked at , that they should keep their skin soft and their skills limited to the art of seductive dancing , then they become beautiful , pliant slaves for all time .
Massage and oral sex are also good skills to teach early on .
It 's never too soon to learn tongue limbering exercises !
Advertisement
Another way you can train men to stay pliant and complaint is to discover some aspect of their biology that will keep them physically weak and sexually ready .
This is the main lesson taught by L. Sprague de Camp in his 1950s novel Rogue Queen , where our human protagonists visit a planet ruled by savage women who have enslaved their sweet , small men .
It turns out that they keep the men in line by forbidding them from eating meat , so they remain petite - except , of course , in the places where they need to be a little bit heftier if you know what I mean .
The Wheel of Time series describes a good practice for maintaining male slavery .
Husbands give their wives knives that the women can stab them with if the men are displeasing .
That 's a good way to remind men to stay barefoot and ready in the bedroom !
Also , the men in this society are often turned into kept men called " pretties " - much like the men in Six Moon Dance - and that 's obviously another fine tradition for those of us who want our men enslaved rather than free to choose their sex partners .
Advertisement
I hope this set of lessons has been helpful for you in planning ways to dominate men sexually , and turn them into your pliant lovemuffins and jizz producers .
Remember : Keep them down , wipe their minds , and do n't let them out of your sight !
Frederick Seidel .
I wonder :
Is it all true ?
I begin to read his Poems 1959 – 2009 , and the first thing I notice is his poetry 's dazzling mix of the historical and the individual .
Into the emptiness that weighs / More than the universe / Another universe begins / Smaller than the last .
The second thing is the vaginas .
Or I guess I should say “ vaginas , ” since Seidel ’s women feel less like people and more like abstractions .
Nonetheless , the “ vaginas ” are everywhere : in Seidel ’s dreams , in the eyes of a Modigliani subject , on the poet ’s motorcycle .
All it lacked / Between its wheels was hair . / I do n’t care /
We do it anyway .
Seidel had long been in my mind a figure like Clarice Lispector or Georges Simenon : someone of debated importance whose work I ’d failed to investigate for no real reason .
There must be a German word for this type of figure .
Every reader has his own gallery of them .
Poems 1959 –2009 is arranged in reverse chronological order — a decision that squares with the poet ’s obsession with aging and deterioration .
As the poems grow younger , they become less powerful , less potent , less vehement .
They are still these things , but without the full force of Seidel ’s maturation .
Reading the book is an experience in moving from forte to mezzo , the body ’s slowing opposed by the sharpening of Seidel ’s mind .
The arrangement is a smart idea — what other book progresses in a manner that mimics its primary theme ?
Act your age ! / I do n’t have to .
I wo n’t .
You ca n’t make me .
I ’m in an absolute rage .
Profiling Seidel in April , 2009 for the The New York Times Magazine , Wyatt Mason excerpted a recent poem , “ Climbing Everest ” —
The young keep getting younger , but the old keep getting younger .
But this young woman is young .
We kiss .
It ’s almost incest when it gets to this .
This is the consensual , national , metrosexual hunger - for - younger .
and noted that “ much of your susceptibility to Seidel ’s poetry depends upon how you receive — or are repelled by — such loaded lines . ”
I do n’t speak for all of us in that strange minority of female Seidel readers , but repulsion is not something I particularly feel when absorbing Seidel ’s poems .
As is usually the case with poetry , one identifies with the voice of the poet rather than with his subjects , and the voice here is all too human .
My own poetry I find incomprehensible .
/
Actually , I have no one .
Seidel ’s women , on the other hand , feel less like people than like forces reacting to the poems ’ speaker .
Without feeling empathy for the women of Seidel ’s work , it ’s hard to take offense at his brutal talk .
When it comes to his notorious “ I make her oink when we fuck , ” there ’s simply not a “ her ” to be offended on behalf of .
He might as well be fucking air and making it oink .
Which turns out to be quite a feat of willpower and imagination .
I wonder if this is what the crowd of male critics who have been oinking appreciatively since Poems was released last year feel when they read Seidel .
The bulk of these admirers seem to me to be smart , youngish city - dwelling men ( does Seidel have a rural constituency ?
Can someone be devoted to both Jim Harrison and Frederick Seidel , or does the sensibility simply halt at the thought ? ) .
I have to wonder if some of these men adore Seidel the way their forebears might have adored Henry Miller or Charles Bukowski : as a stylish , debauched avatar to borrow from selectively , but also as a retro figure planted firmly in the past .
I remember the vanished days of the great steakhouses .
/ Before the miniaturization in electronics . / When Robert Wagner was mayor and men ate meat .
Like that of Miller and Bukowski , Seidel ’s style is one of incriminating self - exposure coupled with an exacting ( and therefore imitable ) aesthetic .
But here ’s a funny thing .
Writing a poem about lust , pride , imprudence — about ordering a call girl or staying at “ literally the most expensive hotel in the world ” or racing a bike at 200 mph — has a way of neutralizing the unpleasantness of that vice .
To write a good poem about an ugly thing , as Seidel does often , is not to write an ugly poem .
Poems 1959 –2009 is a book in which it ’s not surprising to encounter the words “ anus ” and “ herpes ” or “ Hadrian ” and “ Stradivarius . ”
In other words , it feels like an accurate X -ray of Seidel ’s concerns , a suspicion fortified by the comprehensiveness of the collection , which shows Seidel to have the same voice at 29 as he did at 70 .
Not unchanged , but certainly constant .
A large part of this consistency boils down to Seidel ’s vigor — sexual vigor , imaginative vigor , an appetite for experience on every part of the globe .
And those vaginas .
Seidel is still often miscast as a chauvinist or a perv when what he comes closest to embodying is that bygone type : the rake .
He even uses that word to describe himself , along with “ heartless ” and “ dashing , ” in “ In the Mirror . ”
These words are used tongue in cheek , of course , but not entirely .
It ’s never easy to tell when he ’s joking .
He speaks casually of naked women , war , and Ducati motorcycles , all of which is unsettling to readers who like their “ indeterminacy ” a little more determined .
And then he goes and calls cunnilingus “ muff - diving . ”
Is that horrifying ?
Or is that funny ?
If you ’d never seen a photograph of the poet in your life — if you closed your eyes and conjured an image — he might look something like Jean - Paul Belmondo or Serge Gainsbourg .
Someone filthy - minded and French but with the slightest trace of an American smirk .
I want to date - rape life .
Instead of a mindless Dionysus or a guilt - wracked wretch , Seidel often comes across as a man who ca n’t help thinking cynically about things that might lend a less complicated human an easy pleasure : fucking a younger woman , buying a dozen lilies , wearing a platinum watch .
Christian Lorentzen called Seidel ’s America “ a land of endless delight and unceasing atrocity , ” and it is true that the two sensibilities are never far apart for the poet .
This is another one of those charms that we enjoy so much in our literary antiheroes , from Philip Marlowe to Jack Kerouac .
Perhaps like those men , too , the poet has an unmodern way of seeing people — especially women — that is more a stark beholding than any attempt to empathize .
Ah , Tallulah — /
Always standing there with her mouth hanging open .
Regardless of whether this is acceptable to the equity - minded modern conscience , the aesthetic consequence is that Seidel ’s men and women remain categorically distinct in a way that feels occasionally fierce and occasionally antiquated .
The ways in which the sexes relate in his poems are based on the differences between them and not the common ground , the differences that allow them to dance and to mate , both literally and figuratively , without ever fully understanding each other .
This may be disheartening for the poetic utopian who balks at conflict , but is n’t conflict one of the endlessly fascinating ways of the world ?
This is as sensitive as the future gets .
Original illustrations by Paul Killebrew .
some of these links may be nsfw :
Hello and welcome to the Googleplex in Mountain View , California - where in the next hour or two we are expecting the internet 's most powerful company to unveil its own brand of mobile phone .
Speculation 's run rife over the past couple of months about a new handset from Google - just the latest in what seems like a never - ending about the company 's plans to become a significant force in mobile .
Why does an internet company want a piece of your mobile phone ?
Is it just hi-tech hubris ?
As I told Guardian Daily podcast , Google craves data - and trying to make its Android mobile system ubiquitous is an attempt to place itself at the centre of the world 's information .
Phones are increasingly the way that most of the planet interacts with computers , and Google wants to be there so that it can sell stuff to us along the way .
There 's not a great deal we do n't know about the Nexus One , at least in terms of hardware - particularly given that the blog Engadget got a review unit and posted detailed videos and a writeup .
But there are still some unknowns : when will it go on sale ?
How much will it cost ?
Are there any other services included ?
Will Google be partnering with British phone networks ?
Will it only go on sale through Google itself ?
A lot of people have wondered why it 's creating so much interest - after all , there have been plenty of " Google phones " before , and the company has worked very closely with networks and manufacturers in the past .
So is it a big deal ?
Well , in terms of the phone itself probably not .
The handset is good , but just another iteration of the Android system .
But this is Google , and the important thing is their long - term strategy .
Yes , the company had previously worked on other handsets - but it always took a back seat , publicly , and let its partners do the visible work .
This time Google 's taking the reins - and if you want any bigger signal that the company intends to be the boss this time around , then just remember that the press conference is being held at its headquarters .
So .
Does Google have any surprises up its sleeve ?
We 'll find out shortly : the announcement starts around 10 am Pacific time - that 's 6 pm in the UK - and is expected to last about an hour and a half .
Internet connection willing , I 'll be bringing you the details as they 're announced .
5.34 pm : We 're now inside Google HQ , but the small gaggle of press that 's turned up for the event - a mix of camera crews , reporters and gadget bloggers - are being held outside the press conference room .
Five minutes until we can get in apparently .
5.35 pm : I 'm told that whatever is announced today will be available in the UK soon .
5.40 pm : And we 're in .
A fairly intimate gathering of media in a small room - plenty of cameras lined up to take a look at whatever emerges on the little stage .
Still no word on the announcement itself , which is due to begin in about 20 minutes .
5.44 pm : Sometimes at these events you try to divine what 's going on by the music that they 're playing .
You know , a bit of Paint it Black by the Stones might indicate ( shock ) that whatever 's being announced is BLACK .
Smart , eh ?
It 's like reading tea leaves , and just as accurate .
Today 's soundtrack ?
We 've had a mix of Official Chart Hits - a bit of Cascada 's dirgeful Evacuate The Dancefloor .
Then something that sounded suspiciously like emo scenesters Fall Out Boy , and now Katy Perry 's Waking Up In Vegas .
A nod to Sin City 's Consumer Electronics Show , where I 'm heading this afternoon ?
Suggestions for how to read the runes on these tunes in the comments , please !
5.48 pm : Scanning around the room , I can see Vic Gundotra , Google 's vice president of engineering .
He 's masterminding the company 's entry into mobile , as well as becoming the face of Google at an increasing number of events .
The twist ?
He was poached from Microsoft a few years back - something that the big boys in Seattle are probably regretting these days , but also a sign of how the balance of power in the technology industry is shifting .
Commenter Bauhaus suggests waiting for the Nexus Six .
Nice .
5.53 pm : For anyone who did n't get the Nexus Six joke , give yourselves a slap on the wrist and go and watch Bladerunner .
Immediately .
Well , as soon as I 'm finished this .
6.00 pm : Now we 're listening to the Killers .
Because it 's an iPhone killer , see ?
OK , I 'll stop there .
I hate the phrase " killer " anyway .
6.01 pm : OK , it 's officially past 10 am here on the Pacific coast , and gone 6 pm in London .
A dribble of people are still coming in through the secret Google entrance , but hopefully things will kick off shortly .
The media 's been accused of hyping this event , but if you want excessive then take a look at this comment by G00GL3L0V3R : " The Nexus One will change the way we think about Smartphones .
I applaud Google , as I always have .
Kudos . "
Erm ... is that you , Eric Schmidt ?
6.05 pm : And the music fades out , the lights turn up and ...
6.07 pm : Apparently , we 're about to hear " a series of short presentations " .
Mario Queiroz , a vice president of product management based in Britain , who has apparently been one of the forces pushing this project through .
" Today we 'll unveil the next stage in the evolution of Android , " he says .
" But before that I want to take a quick step back . "
He 's giving us a history lesson on Google 's intentions towards mobile phones - the Open Handset Alliance and so on .
6.11 pm :
Queiroz continues by saying how quickly Google 's mobile ambitions are growing .
From a single device - the G1 last year , Android now boasts more than 20 devices n 58 carriers in 48 countries and 19 languages .
6.13 pm : The blurb continues , but I 'm not going to worry you with the details - it 's really just Google saying " this is still an open platform ... even though we 're in charge of it " .
Commenter HobMcD says there looks to be one major thing missing from the Nexus One , as we know it so far :
" Wake me up when Google add Multitouch to the Nexus .
Call me crazy , but I do n't want a 3rd - party phone , and I do n't want a interface that changes drastically phone by phone ... which I why I stick to my homogenised iPhone ... "
It 's certainly a big downside .
Anyone else ?
6.17 pm : " What if we worked even more closely with our partners to bring devices to market which are going to help us showcase , very quickly , the great software technology we 're working on here at Google .
We 've done just that , and today we 're announcing the Nexus One . "
Tada !
It 's " where web meets phone " , apparently .
And they 're trying to coin a new term - forget phones , forget smartphones , this - they say - is a superphone .
6.20 pm : Peter Chou , the chief executive of HTC - which built the phone - has taken the stage to talk about how it was made .
" We were actually very happy working with Google , " he says .
" It 's one of the best designed phones ... it 's very thin , it feels very good in your hand and has a beautiful , gorgeous 3.7 inch OLED display . "
As we already knew , it 's powered by a Snapdragon processor and runs Android 2.1 software .
6.21 pm : After posing for a few pictures , Chou steps down from the stage .
Queiroz returns to introduce some demos of the handset .
Is this all we 're going to see ?
On Twitter , enthuso - blogger Robert Scoble ( who is here today ) suggested that Google may launch more than one device .
I think they definitely need a surprise , given that the scoop on the Nexus One really came when they gave Engadget a review unit .
6.25 pm : Somebody bring me coffee !
It 's nice enough to go through the specs ( for example , it glows different colours depending on what 's happening - blue for Bluetooth and so on ) and hear how very thin and light it is .
But there 's a certain flatness to announcing something that everybody already knew .
Thins you may appreciate , however : it 's got active noise cancellation , a 5 megapixel camera with flash , and weighs just 137g - " less than a Swiss army knife " .
6.31 pm : " With the hardware , we think we have half the story - but it's not about hardware alone , " says the guy who is doing the demo .
" It 's the combination that makes the package so amazing . "
" Nexus One is running on Android 2.1 .
Applications like Google Maps navigation , Facebook integration ... but we 've also included some new innovations . "
He runs through a number of interface adjustments that have been brought in for this handset ; scroll sideways between different widgets and screens of information .
6.34 pm : Seems like the idea of a " superphone " has got a few people sniggering .
Analyst Michael Gartenberg wonders
Do super phones need secret identities ? , while MacWorld editor Jason Snell can't help but see the irony that superphones might need to change costumes in phone booths .
6.37 pm : Now things are getting a little more snazzy .
The Nexus One will sport a few different 3D viewing , .
These things do n't make a great deal of difference - the 3D helps you navigate a little , but does n't significantly alter the overall concept .
The company has worked with CoolIris to build some new viewing modes - they look nice .
More interestingly , though , they 've included some really good search options that will let you zip to the right picture by looking for date .
That could be handy .
6.39 pm : Now , perhaps , one of the more interesting areas of development : voice .
" Voice is such an integral part of a phone , " he suggests .
It 's amusing that smartphones ( sorry superphones have ignored improvements in this area .
Under Android 2.0 , we hear , you can do the following : tell the phone something like " Ikea " , and it understands what you say , does a Google search on the term and matches it against your GPS location to give you turn - by - turn driving directions to that location .
Just two taps and you have the directions spoken back .
Now , however , Nexus
One will now have full voice enabling for every text field : so that you can write text messages , emails and other simply by speaking .
The demo sentence comes out perfectly , in just a couple of seconds : " Check out this new voice keyboard !
I just hope this demo works . "
Fast , and accurate - at least under these conditions .
6.43 pm : Now they 're giving a sneak preview of the forthcoming Google Earth application for Android .
Simply speak a location to it ( their example is " Mount Fuji " ) and the app will fly you , virtually , to your destination and display it back in 3D graphics .
That gets a round of applause from the Googlers , though frankly it seems like window dressing .
6.47 pm : " We 're also pleased to announce a new , through a google - hosted web store .
The objective of Google 's new consumer channel is to provide an efficient way to link consumers with Android devices .
A simple purchasing process , a simple offering of plans from operators , a simple worry - free delivery and startup of your device . "
" Through the web store you can choose to buy a phone without service , or with service from one of Google 's operator partners .
At launch , from www.google.com/phone, you can purchase a Nexus One with service from T - Mobile USA .
We expect to add more devices and more countries to the programme . "
6.48 pm : This is an interesting move , and while not entirely unexpected , we had n't expected Google to sell phones in partnership with phone networks .
For British users , Queiroz says Vodafone are joining the programme in the near future .
6.49 pm : The Google phone store , does n't look particularly shiny .
It 's a website , largely text , where you select the handset and the deal that you want .
The prices for the Nexus One in America are pretty much what was expected : $ 529 if you buy an unlocked phone , or $ 179 if you get a contract .
This coming spring , we will be bringing the Nexus One to market together with Verizon Wireless [ in the USA ] . "
" Vodafone in Europe will also be added to our site , starting again in Spring 2010 .
We 're working as hard as we can to make sure that the store is ready for business , but also to make sure we offer the different flavours of the phone with these different operators later this spring . "
6.53 pm : Here 's a fun little extra : if you buy the Nexus One through the web store , you can get two lines of laser engraving on the back of the phone - across the little metal bevel that sits about two thirds of the way down .
And if you can't wait for Vodafone to launch the phone in Britain , you can buy the unlocked version through the US store and get it shipped to the UK , Singapore or Hong Kong .
" In the future there will be more operators , there will be more devices , there will be more countries . "
6.56 pm : They 're preparing for Q&A from the floor .
If you have any questions , please leave them in the comments - or tweet them to @bobbiejohnson
6.57 pm : For a company that has always been proud of how it grew through non-traditional means , Google 's been doing a lot of very traditional things recently : billboard advertising , TV advertising , sales and so on .
Questions coming .
7.02 pm : Why only 512MB for app storage ?
Andy Rubin :
It helps protect applications against piracy .
In the future we 'll increase the storage space .
If you order today , does it ship today ?
Yes .
Can you put any SIM card in it ?
Queiroz :
In the US , you have to use a 3G SIM .
There are different 3G frequencies in the US , but in Europe the same frequency is more common .
Are you telling iPhone users that this is an alternative ?
Is it an iPhone killer ?
Rubin : Choice for consumers is a great thing , but this is n't for iPhone users - it 's for consumers .
Chou :
It 's a great phone .
7.05 pm : Why was it necessary for Google to design the phone ?
Could n't it have just been designed by HTC ?
RUBIN : It 's inaccurate to say Google designed the phone .
We 're just merchandising it online , similar to any retailer .
Working closely with Peter , we were able to help them get the new software first .
Will these new features soon be coming to the Droid ( or other Android handsets )
RUBIN : Everyone will get that software within a couple of days .
What will convince users to buy a phone that costs $ 530 ?
QUEIROZ : They have choice .
This is day one , hour one , of operation .
We 've been very careful and very thorough .
7.09 pm : Google is known for many things .
Retailing is not one of them .
How are you guys going to make that work ?
QUEIROZ : It 's not about retailing .
It 's about working closely with our partners to bring out a great phone .
Please clarify what the revenue opportunities are for Google .
Do you get a piece of each phone sold on the website ?
RUBIN : Our primary business is advertising .
The superphone category is a great way to access the internet , and along with that comes our normal business model of advertising on the internet .
There is an opportunity to make margin on unit sales , but that 's not what we 're doing here .
7.16 pm : Went a little quiet because I was queueing to ask a couple of questions :
This is apparently your best phone - and it does n't have a physical keyboard .
Does that mean the keyboard is dead ?
CHOU : What HTC believes is that there are different people who have different preferences .
Our strategy is to have a product portfolio to let people select what they want and what is the best fit for them .
This design really focuses on the screen and the form factor that has one of the best on - screen keyboards - for those people who like this kind of product , this is the best choice for them .
We also have keyboard designs for those people who are heavy email or text users .
RUBIN : There 's voice input too , it 's a middle thing that gives consumers options .
Is this going to lead to Google selling more than just phones online - what about other products ?
RUBIN : Small cars , lava lamps , electric vehicles .
QUEIROZ : We 're not going to comment further on that .
7.19 pm : Why is this just a US play ?
RUBIN : We 're shipping to three other territories outside the US .
As soon as we can get the web store to .co.uk , .de , we will .
Will there be multitouch on these phones ?
There is multitouch on the Motorola Milestone , but not on the Droid ( which is the same phone , essentially )
RUBIN : We leave the option open .
It 's a software thing ... we 'll consider it .
This is a nice phone , but it 's not a revolutionary step .
Why put all your energy behind all this ?
Why is the pricing structure so boring when you 've talked about rolling out an ad- supported phone in the past ?
RUBIN : Before we can revolutionise the world , you have to have a mechanism by which you 're selling product .
The first baby step is getting an online store going and putting best - in - class products on that store ... then we can work out how to make it better .
What 's the difference between superphones and smartphones ?
RUBIN : The definition of superphone for us , it 's the evolution of the platform - it 's such that the openness of the platform and the applications , downloads and so on .
The gigahertz processors , more memory , gigabyte storage - these did n't exist two years ago .
We just thought the industry needed a new term to describe it ; these are as powerful as your laptop was four years ago .
7.28 pm : Some reaction in the comments , from different perspectives :
Fleetwood Max : " The only innovation here is the voice control , which is n't really selling it to me .
OLED & 5 mp cameras are all well & good , but where 's that killer feature ?
It 's ugly as well . "
DavidAZ : " I am following this on my Verizon Droid ( USA ) , which I like a lot .
I am a bit miffed that I got this device on release weekend ( November 5 ) and this is coming out TWO MONTHS later , and will be available soon from Verizon !
But I am glad I will be getting Android 2.1 over the air soon . "
I think the big move here is really the idea that Google is selling products directly to the public .
It could easily be the first step in a wider retailing strategy , but they did n't really want to answer that question , hence the ( eventual ) glib response .
7.32 pm : Questions have been flooding in via Twitter : I 'll try and get them answered , either in this Q&A or in the demos afterwards .
Dude , I 've been typing so fast my hands feel like legs of ham .
Now I 'm thinking about ham .
Should have eaten some breakfast , I suspect .
7.34 pm : What 's broken with phone sales at the moment ?
What do operators think about handing over an important part of their business
RUBIN : In the same way that web stores revolutionised the sale of digital cameras , and now you do n't need to go into the shop and look through the viewfinder - you trust the sites that review the cameras .
We think that online sales of phones will work the same way .
As far as efficiencies go , when you cast a wide net and have TV advertising and so on , it 's expensive .
That leads to increased device prices , increased service plan prices , and so on .
We wo n't have some of those overheads .
7.35 pm : Questions are starting to trickle away now .
That 's good news for me and good news for you : I 'll get my hands on one , and give my fingers a rest for a few minutes .
7.37 pm : Commenter Wikipedia asks " So Bobbie , did they let you use the Nexus One to check out the nearby restaurants and shopping ? "
Not yet .
But we 're heading out of the press conference shortly , which should give me time to play and find some ham sandwiches .
I 'll write a hands - on later this afternoon as I head out to the Consumer Electronics Show .
7.38 pm : Oh , and the questions are still going on - but I 'm not going to inflict them on you because they 're boring .
7.40 pm : One useful clarification from Andy Rubin , who says that not all Android phones will automatically be upgraded to the latest version of the system - because some phones just can't handle it .
" My old laptop wo n't run Windows Vista and Windows 7 , " he says .
7.41 pm : Apparently , the brave few of us who ventured down here will get our own Nexus phones - which should give me a chance to play on it a little more outside the confines of the Googleplex .
With that , the press conference is over - thanks for joining me and leaving your comments and questions .
Always a pleasure , never a chore .
I love Julie Bindel .
There , I 've said it , I love the woman some people love to hate .
We are bonded by offensiveness .
When her activities got her into rucks with strangers who knew no better she 'd pass herself off as me .
Out of sheer malice .
Marvellous .
She is an adversary to be treasured .
She is necessary .
She 's clever and quick , which sometimes makes her rough and even wrong ; and yes , sometimes rude .
Bindel is also an inventive feminist campaigner who has helped to make life better for some women living the worst lives .
Everyone should be entitled to hear her thinking aloud about gender politics .
And she 's a scream , a low - down stand - up ; and she should go on the stage .
Ah , there 's the thing .
It is getting as hard to catch sight of her as it is of Aretha Franklin .
Bindel is , in effect , being banned .
Airing the complications and troubles of transgender politics is being traduced as " transphobia " .
Transgender people who used to live as men and now live as women persuaded the May 2009 NUS women 's conference to mandate its officers to share no platform with Julie Bindel .
Proponents say they are offended by Bindel 's critique – aired in the Guardian since 2004 – of " trannies " ' perceived cultural conservatism and anatomical violence .
The NUS women 's campaign shows no solidarity with women who are offended by the presence in their safe spaces of people who used to be men telling them which women they may listen to and who qualifies as queer .
This month , her enemies mustered a picket outside Queer Question Time in a London pub .
They 're not censoring her , they say , you can read her , they say , just do n't go to hear her .
That renders her " audience " passive consumers but not engaged debaters .
By the way , the blogger 's sexual semantics are interesting : women should " have the balls " to stop Bindel speaking .
They 're offended ?
So what ?
Offensiveness is a discourse shared by both politics and comedy .
" Offendedness " is a privileged , protected category in the NUS against , specifically , rightwing extremists , racists and Julie Bindel .
The women 's officer Olivia Bailey insists this is " not no platform " for Bindel .
" The expression of transphobic views directly discriminates " against " valued members of our campaign . "
It 's just that , " We welcome our trans sisters " and a group of them " had been made to feel uncomfortable " .
Again , so what ?
This solidarity does not extend to women who feel unsettled by the presence of people who used to be men in women - only spaces and services .
This campaign obscures the question of power and the theory and practise of politics .
Politics is the art of peaceful conflict .
Index on Censorship reminds us that conflict and controversy are essential to civil society .
" There is no right not to be offended , " says Padraig Reidy , Index spokesperson .
" To imagine that you should be protected from offense to your sensibilities is neither realistic nor desirable . "
The transgender vigilantes should listen up , wise up and grow up , participate in , not proscribe , the debate they started .
And their best friends in the NUS should do what best friends do : tell them to stop it , their politics stink .
California counties need to show seven or fewer new coronavirus cases per 100,000 residents each day for two weeks to see some restrictions lifted .
That ’s a high bar for some .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected a request by the state of Michigan for an injunction to force the closing of two Chicago - area waterway locks to keep the Asian carp from invading the Great Lakes .
The voracious Bighead and Silver carp are considered a dire threat to the lakes ’ $ 7 billion fisheries .
The state last month took the unusual step of asking the high court for an order that would close the two locks and would require authorities to take all other action necessary to keep the carp from entering the lakes .
Michigan asked that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , the state of Illinois and Chicago ’s sewer authority take more steps to block the carp during flooding and ultimately to separate the Great Lakes from the Mississippi River watershed .
Closing a lock and dam and the other measures could help keep the carp from entering the lakes , but it also court hurt shippers , who transport 15 million tonnes of commodities through the connecting waterways each year .
Nearby Midwestern states such as Minnesota and Ohio supported Michigan ’s request while Illinois and the federal government opposed it .
U.S. Solicitor General Elena Kagan told the court that Michigan failed to show likely irreparable harm , that the state cannot prevail on the merits of its theory and Michigan cannot justify the mandatory relief it demands .
If the Army Corps makes a final decision to reject the steps Michigan wants , then the state can ask a federal judge to decide if the agency acted lawfully , Kagan said .
While the court rejected the preliminary injunction , it took no action on Michigan ’s separate request to reopen cases dating back to the 1920s that control how much water Chicago can withdraw from Lake Michigan .
A huge engineering project a century ago reversed the direction of the Chicago River and diverts lake water into a canal that connects Lake Michigan to the Mississippi River watershed .
The goal was to stop sewage releases into the lake .
Kagan said Michigan was trying to use old cases about water flows and allotments to litigate an entirely different environmental protection issue involving the carp .
by Evert Cilliers
Before I tell you how I 'm a coward , and how Dick Cheney is a coward , and how President Obama is a coward , and how everyone in America is a coward , I want to suck you into my story by starting on a positive note .
To wit : I have a failsafe strategy for when I 'm gobsmacked by the exceptionalism of our incompetent institutions , like the Fed missing the bubble , our intelligence services not nixing the visa of the Explosive Gonads Bomber , our incompetent pols giving an incompetent Wall Street the right to ruin us again in a few years , the Senate letting Joe Liebermann take one last bite out of the healthcare bill , or the CIA putting out the welcome mat for a triple agent who 's about to blow them up .
And then there 's Obama asking ex-Presidents Clinton and Bush to help Haiti , when Bush destroyed Haiti 's democracy in 2004 and Clinton 's been trying to turn the country into a sweatshop .
I 've got this default setting that stops me from foaming at the mouth in Sartrean nausea and grinding my teeth into Heideggerian nothingness .
Here 's what I do : I sit myself down and zen in on how much I still love our failed state of America , and how there are things about America that are actually exceptional .
Freedom of speech .
MLK .
Geeks .
The internet ( invented by the Pentagon ) .
Entrepreneurs .
Paul Krugman .
Elizabeth Warren .
Steve Jobs .
Our generosity to disaster victims .
24/7 innovation .
Matt Taibbi . John Cassavetes .
The Great Gatsby .
Flash drives .
Sylvia Plath .
Wallace Stevens .
A can - do attitude that once landed us on the moon .
Andy Warhol .
Bob Dylan , still doing it .
A Streetcar Named Desire .
The Decemberists .
Warren Buffett .
My Fair Lady .
New
York women who do n't take crap from men like women do in other countries yet give better blowjobs than women in other countries .
And Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys .
Meditating on these things of wonder and beauty helps .
Especially these days .
The incompetence of our institutions is bad enough .
It 's the spin from officials embedded in these institutions after their organizations have stepped armpit - deep in doo - doo that really grates , and makes one almost wish we lived in a post - Baudrillard simulacrum where one could call Jack Bauer for some assembly - line - waterboarding of everyone connected to Washington and Wall Street .
The all - time winner of the Cretin Award for Supremely Smug Self - Delusion has got to be Lloyd Blankstein , CEO of Goldman Sachs , who said : “ I 'm just a banker doing God 's work . ”
Did he ask the Onion for that one ?
This is a firm that shorted the derivatives they created and sold to pension funds and the like ; in one case the derivatives tanked in months .
AsFinancial Crisis Inquiry Commission Chairman Phil Angelides told Blankfein this past Wednesday : “ I 'm just going to be blunt with you .
It sounds to me a little bit like selling a car with faulty brakes and then buying an insurance policy on the buyer of those cars . ”
1. SOME WEIRD US - SPECIFIC PSYCHOSIS ?
Goldman Sachs and Blankfein would 've have been Goldman Blankrupt if his cronies Paulson , Bernanke and Geithner had n't arranged a secret backdoor bailout via AIG and let him switch to being a bank - holding company so he could suck on the Fed 's tit .
Some “ capitalist ” is this Lloyd Scumbag Blankfein : he likes to live by the sword but can't take dying by the sword when his cosmic fraud and intergalactic incompetence backfire on him .
Instead of doing the decent thing and jumping out of the nearest window , he bleats like a baby beggar for help from the very people he screwed , the American taxpayer .
On top of being an immoral scumbag and an indictable crook , the man is also a total coward .
And a great American traitor : Benedict Arnold on steroids .
Today the Goldman Gang That Could n't Trade Straight is still getting cheap money from the Fed and cleaning up now that most of their crooked rivals are gone .
According to Kevin Drum's BRILLIANT article in the current issue of Mother Jones : “ The sliced - and - diced mortgage securities that caused so much trouble during the credit bubble are beingre - sliced and - diced via something called a RE - REMIC ( resecuritization of real estate mortgage investment conduit ) — and business is booming .
At Goldman Sachs , leverage in the first half of 2009 was at its highest level in its history . ”
Bring back Eliot Spitzer as Attorney - General .
If he still had that job , Goldman Sachs would be in the dock and the planet would be a safer place .
I did n't grow up in America , but there must be something that happens to American babies as they suckle at the matronly gazoombas — some weird US - specific psychosis that makes them permanently poop out any ability to feel any shame .
The leaders of our incompetent institutions have one thing in common : they NEVER man up .
Blowing it is never having to say you 're sorry .
A genuine mea culpa and resignation is as rare as a penguin in the Sahara .
Which bring us to seven cases in point , from the CIA to Haiti , after which we 'll get to the cowardice of us all .
2. SEVEN DEGREES OF DYSFUNCTION
Number one : how about our Intelligence Services ?
They let a known rookie terrorist walk onto a plane to America , even though the Brits possessed the nous to withdraw their visa to him , and in the end our nation has to rely on a Dutch tourist to jump the kid while he 's trying to set fire to his nuts on a plane descending over Detroit .
THEN Homeland Security 's Janet Napolitano sits onMeet The Pressand insists that the system worked after the system screwed up , her unapologetic face trying on various forms of a reassuring grin , like a gargoyle whose strings are being pulled by a puppetmaster suffering from dyskinesia .
Number two : how about those stumble - bums at the Fed ?
They can't see the biggest bubble in 80 years ballooning right under their nosehairs , and end up shoveling trillions of our lucre into the pockets of a bunch of Wall Street crooks — mega - Madoffs too connected to be indicted — to stop a Great Recession from becoming a Great Depression .
THEN Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke , the supposed savior of a system he could have and should have prevented from tanking in the first place if he were n't asleep at the wheel over his copy of Atlas Shrugged , tells Congress , when asked if the Fed did a good job supervising and regulating financial institutions before the crisis hit :
“ We did n’t do a perfect job by any means , but I do n’t think we stand out as having done a worse job than other regulators . ”
Is he fucking kidding ?
They did a job a gazillion times worse than any other regulator .
They did the worst job since Hitler did n't foresee losing when he invaded Russia .
In May 2007 when the subprime market was in trouble , Bernanke said : ” Importantly , we see no serious broad spillover to banks or thrift institutions from the problems in the subprime market .
The troubled lenders , for the most part , have not been institutions with federally insured deposits . ”
Meanwhile , 5 of the 10 largest subprime lenders were being overseen by the Fed .
The Fed did n't see the bubble coming , when all Bernanke and his gang of numerate fuckwumps had to do was notice the fact that folks were spending up to twice as much as before on their monthly mortgage payments .
ThenTime Magazinegoes and names this Dunderhead of the Decade their Person of the Year .
Number three : how about our CIA ?
Five CIA guys and two Blackwater guys do n't think they need a Jordanian spy patted down for explosives before they invite him to meet with them , because they know him , and a few minutes later poof !
they 're gone .
THEN the CIA director Leon Panetta writes this in the Washington Post :
“ This was not a question of trusting a potential intelligence asset , even one who had provided information that we could verify independently .
It is never that simple , and no one ignored the hazards .
The individual was about to be searched by our security officers — a distance away from other intelligence personnel — when he set off his explosives . ”
So Leon Panetta is saying the brilliant CIA should be thanked because instead of many more intelligence personnel being blown up , only seven were ?
Is he fucking kidding ?
Was he born with half his brain missing — the part to do with responsibility and accountability ?
As for the dead guys — hard - working professionals doing everything they can to hunt down our enemies — did they ever watch a Mafia movie and notice that everybody pats down everybody else before they have a meeting ?
Does anybody in the CIA have the balls to look reality in the face and say : this was a brilliant terrorist plot , Al - Qaeda totally outsmarted us , and we were really stupid to let the triple agent go past three checking points without having him patted down ?
Number four : how about our Senate ?
Sigh .
Shrug. Gag . Puke .
Let 's observe a moment 's silence in sympathy with our founding fathers , who are currently spinning so fast in their graves they can't tell their femurs from their coccyxes .
Our Constitution created a nifty balance between the legislative , executive and judicial branches of government , and then one of them , our glorious Senate , started a little tradition called the filibuster , which the current GOP threatens to use even if the Democrats want to pass a law urging sons to call their mothers every Christmas , so a straightforward majority of 51 is not good enough to get a bill passed , even though it 's good enough in every deliberative chamber on the third rock from the sun — so what Degree of Dotty Dysfunction do we have here ?
As you know , in order to get the last two Democrats on board a bill that was already whittled down to an everything - must - go give - away to Aetna , Cigna and Fuckya …
… Harry Reid had to make it legal for the federal government to pay the cost of Medicare expansion in Ben Nelson 's state of Nebraska in PERPETUITY while the other states get theirs paid for only three years …
WTF !?
… and Hangdog Harry also had to let Dem Traitor Joe Liebermann vent his elephantine spite by wiping his heinie on the idea that people 55 and older might get the right to buy into Medicare ….
WTF ?
WTF ?
… thereby pissing off the progressive base of Harry 's party so badly , they may not turn out for the midterms , which may cause the Dems to lose the House ( and has turned Ted Kennedy 's safe seat in Massachusetts into a toss - up ) .
WTF !?
WTF !?
WTF !?
In her New York Times column , Gail Collins quotes these stats to bring home the ludicrousness of the filibuster :
“ U.S. population : 307,006,550 .
“ Population for the 20 least - populated states : 31,434,822 .
“ That means that in the Senate , all it takes to stop legislation is one guy plus 40 senators representing 10.2 percent of the country . ”
NOW for the spin … Harry Reid and Barack Obama are both proud as hell that they got a bill passed in the broken institution called the Senate where the fate of our nation is torn to pieces on a daily basis .
They 're happy an extra 30 million Americans can now get affordable healthcare , and that the insurance companies wo n't be able to turn down folks for a pre-existing condition or drop anyone when they actually need care .
And food authority Michael Pollan has pointed out that the health insurance companies might now decide to do something about all that fast food that gives us chronic diseases and the farm subsidies that subsidize the foods that make us sick , because millions of chronically sick Americans will be cutting into their profits .
Imagine that : the health insurance industry vs. agribusiness .
The one fighting for their right to make big profits off our sickness , and the other fighting for their right to make us sick .
Only in America , folks .
OK , maybe we can have between half and one cheer for the Senate 's version of a healthcare bill .
It 's historic and all that , and no one has been able to pass anything like this since Christopher Columbus cut the ears off native Americans , but how about the fact that everyone is now mandated to fork over their hard - earned money to Aetna , Cigna and Bleepya or get hit by taxes or fines : in other words , the government is forcing you to pay for the golden faucets of these predator CEOs , who spend less than 80 % of our premiums on actual healthcare while Medicare spends 96 % .
Howard Dean is right : not having a public option now will keep us fighting the health insurance companies to contain costs for the next 30 years .
Number five : how about the fat cat bankers making out like bandits — which is what they are — less than a year after our taxes saved their incompetent asses , and now fighting tooth and nail for the right to build the next bubble — a fight they 're winning — and for the right to trick us into 30 % interest on credit cards ?
THEN Goldman Sachs CEO
Blankfein tells Congress that the popping of the financial bubble engineered by him and his cronies was as likely as four hurricanes hitting LA .
In that case , why were they betting against their own products ?
The Financial Crisis Inquiry Committee ChairmanPhil Angelides had toremind Blankbrain that hurricanes are acts of God and financial crises are made by men .
The obtuseness of Blankhead was evident in his comment last year when he meant to be wry , perhaps forgetting that the 100 million people all over the world who are now jobless may not appreciate the pitch - imperfection of this wryness : “ I 'm just a banker doing God 's work . ”
I guess when Blankprick got paid $ 68 million in 2007 , that was God giving him all that money for helping 68 million little old ladies across the street .
IfGoldman Sachs were a Chinese institution , their top guys would 've all been hanged by now .
Number six : how about Sen. Barney Frank weakening the Consumer Financial Protection Agency bill , which will establish a body to protect us against dangerous financial products like we 're protected against faulty toasters ?
First thing Barney did was strip out the idea of the White House that banks should be required to offer “ plain vanilla ” versions of financial products , such as mortgages with simple terms , like standard 30 - year fixed mortgages , and low - interest , low - fee credit besides their complicated products .
Next : all the banks with less than $ 10 billion in assets , i.e. 98 % of all banks , are exempted from scrutiny by the Protection Agency .
THEN Barney Frank goes on the Rachel Maddow show and brags about how scared the banks are of his bill .
Number seven : how about the suffering of earthquaked Haiti ?
Well , they might have suffered a little less if we had n't destroyed their peasant agriculture by flooding the country with our subsidized cheap rice ( Congress needs the votes of American farmers , not Haitian farmers ) thereby forcing the peasants to move to Port - au - Prince and build themselves shacks where they can die in the first earthquake .
They might have suffered a little less if we had n't gotten rid of Aristide because he did n't listen to us and was all for doing pesky little things like raising the minimum wage .
Now Bill Clinton and George W. Bush of all people , two presidents in a long line of bastards who 've backed dictators and / or thrust neoliberalism upon this poor country and helped its elite loot it , are called upon by Obama to help Haiti .
First the jackboot , then the helping hand .
The irony is diabolical ; we need a modern Milton to do it justice .
Question : why is Haiti the poorest country in our hemisphere ?
Answer : us .
Seven cases of mind - boggling incompetence and dysfunction :
The Fed is useless , Homeland Security is useless , the CIA are idiots , the Senate is a Maginot Line blocking all progress , Barney Frank is creating a Consumer Financial Protection Agency bill that protects the banks , Bill Clinton is helping Haiti after he screwed it ( probably to screw it better in the future ) , and why have n't the brass of Goldman Sachs and Citigroup been indicted yet ?
Here 's my answer : cowardice .
3. WHY I AM A COWARD
I understand cowardice , because I was once a total coward for four months .
Back in the 90s , me and my muse took off four years from the adworld to write the longest novel in English , a two - generational saga calledLove and Gravityabout the struggle for freedom in South Africa ( unpublished ) and when it was done , we had no more money left .
At one point I took my last $ 20 and bought fourteen cans of tuna , so I knew I would be able to eat for the next fourteen days .
Then I got an out - of - the - blue call from a headhunter , and the next thing I know I 'm on a plane to Winston Salem to work on a pitch for an agency there , where the new creative director had assembled a team of misfits like me .
The campaign that I created got the agency their first piece of big new business .
I stayed there two years , and helped the agency double its size in that time .
One time the whole creative department had to pitch in on a massive campaign for Winston cigarettes .
I do n't smoke and I think cigarettes should be banned .
But did I say I can't work on the campaign ?
Did I resign ?
No , I bent over and went along with the prevailing ethos .
I was a complete coward , and the worst kind : a moral coward .
Why was I such a coward ?
Because I did n't want to stand alone , and because I needed the money .
Those fourteen cans of tuna reared up like the Furies .
I did n't want to face such a humiliation of my body and soul again any time soon .
Rather be a moral coward .
So much for my strength of character .
So why are Cheney and Bernanke and Obama all cowards ?
Not because they 'll be down to their last fourteen cans of tuna if they shut up ( Cheney ) or do something for Main Street instead of support Wall Street ( Bernanke and Obama ) .
So let 's find out how they 're cowards and why .
4. WHY CHENEY IS A COWARD
Cheney appears to be speaking for the GOP and more than half the nation — the 58 % of Americans who want the Explosive Gonads Bomber waterboarded .
Is Cheney a coward because he 's scared of having no money ?
No .
Dick Cheney is a coward because he wet his pants over 9/11 and they 've never been dry since .
But there were some clues to his cowardice before 9/11 .
( Listen up , spineless Dems , these are your talking points against Dick if you 've got the balls to attack him 24/7 and thereby change the conversation and limit your losses in the mid-terms . )
1. Despite his readiness to start wars and send others to war , Cheney himself ducked the Vietnam War , asking for and receiving five deferments .
During the hearings about his nomination as Secretary of Defense in 1989 , Sen. John Warner asked Cheney about these deferments .
Cheney replied : “ I would have been happy to serve if called . ” A lie .
Asked by a Washington Post reporter about his deferments , Cheney said , “ I had other priorities in the '60s than military service . ”
Not a lie .
Back in 1992 , Cheney acolyte Paul Wolfowitz was critical of the decision by Bush Sr not to invade Baghdad and overthrow Saddam .
Later Craig
Unger reflected on this : “ Interestingly , in what critics later termed ‘ Chickenhawk Groupthink , ’ the moderate , pragmatic , somewhat dovish policies implemented by men with genuinely stellar [ military ] records — George H. W. Bush , Brent Scowcroft , and Colin Powell — were under fire by men who had managed to avoid military service — Cheney , Wolfowitz , Libby , and Khalilzad . ”
2 . Then there is Dick Cheney the macho hunter .
His favorite “ sport ” is canned bird shooting .
Here 's a report :
“ Upon his arrival at the exclusive Rolling Rock Club in Ligonier Township , gamekeepers released 500 pen-raised pheasants from nets for the benefit of him and his party .
In a blaze of gunfire , the group … killed at least 417 of the birds .
According to one gamekeeper who spoke to the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette , Cheney was credited with shooting more than 70 of the pen-reared fowl .
“ After lunch , the group shot flocks of mallard ducks , also reared in pens and shot like so many live skeet .
There 's been no report on the number of mallards the hunting party killed , but it 's likely that hundreds fell .
“ Rolling Rock is an exclusive private club for the wealthy with a world - class golf course and a closed membership list .
It is also a “ canned hunting ” operation — a place where fee - paying hunters blast away at released animals , whether birds or mammals , who often have no reasonable chance to escape …
Bird - shooting operations offer pheasants , quail , partridges , and mallard ducks , often dizzying the birds and planting them in front of hunters or tossing them from towers toward waiting shotguns . ”
And Cheney proudly calls himself a hunter .
I 'm reminded of Elvis loading up his pool with lightbulbs and shooting them , with one difference — he shot at defenseless LIGHTBULBS .
These two forms of cowardice should have been a clue to what followed after 9/11 .
3. Before 9/11 , Cheney ignored a memo of August 6 , 2001 that said “ Bin Ladin Determined To Strike In US ” and the Intelligence Services under Cheney did n't connect the dots even though three Hamburg members of Al - Qaeda took flight lessons in South Florida and the FBI expressed concern about that .
The flat - footed non-response by the Bush - Cheney administration to the memo and other signals allowed Al - Qaeda to pull off the biggest act of terrorism ever .
( At this point Cheney was acting as the President behind the scenes , while Bush was a puppet , his strings pulled by Cheney and Rove ; Bush starting doing his job only in his second term and began exercising real power when he fired Rumsfeld in 2006 .
By the time Bush left office , he was so pissed with Cheney he did n't accede to Cheney 's repeated requests to grant Scooter Libby a full pardon . )
After 9/11 , Cheney the coward did two things .
Number one , he wet his pants to such an extent that he sanctioned torture .
He came up with the term ' enemy combatant , ' to make detainees torture - able , and imprisoned them at Guantanamo Bay , US territory in Cuba , where they were supposed to not be on US soil and therefore not subject to US law and torturable .
The men imprisoned here for torture included a 14 - year - old , two 15 - year - olds and an 88 - year - old .
Many of the “ terrorists ” were guys handed to us by thugs of the Northern Alliance in Afghanistan making good money from our bounty of $ 5,000 per head and settling a few scores along the way .
Detainees were tortured at Guantanamo Bay , in Iraq and Afghanistan and at CIA black sites in Europe .
To date 180 people have died in custody , 38 with “ homicide ” on their death certificates .
The innocent Afghan taxi driver Dilawar died within five days of his arrest at Bagram , after two days of continuous beating that pulped his legs , as revealed in the 2007 documentary “ Taxi to the Dark Side , ” where his torturers tell all .
The photos of Abu Ghraib were just the tip of the iceberg ; Obama later refused to release another batch of photos because former CIA directors complained to him and in typical cowardly Obama fashion , our President caved because research showed his approval rating would go down a few points if he released the photos .
As for Cheney , his “ work the dark side ” crimes against humanity have forever endangered our troops who might ever fall in enemy hands .
3 . Then Dick ' Five Deferments '
Cheney sacrificed American kids in two wars he had planned before 9/11 happened , both because of oil .
Afghanistan was over a pipeline , and Iraq was because Saddam had the insolence to cut out American oil companies when he made deals with Russian and other foreign companies .
Cheney had a good excuse for the Afghanistan war : the Taliban , whom we had backed against Russia , and who'd been the guests of Texas oil men , harbored the terrorist master - funder Bin Laden .
The Taliban offered three times to negotiate Bin Laden 's handover , but Cheney refused to negotiate and attacked .
The weird thing about his attack was that when we had Bin Laden cornered at Tora Bora , and our guys there were begging for troops on the ground , Rumsfeld refused to commit ground troops because he was scared of the possible losses , and he and Cheney let Bin Laden get away .
Cowards .
4. Cheney had no excuse to attack Iraq , whom the US had backed against Iran ( even when Saddam Hussein used poison gas against the Iranians ) .
But Cheney had planned a war against Iraq since the 90s , when he was one of the original signers — along with Rumsfeld , Scooter Libby , Paul Wolfowitz and others — of the Statement of Principles of the neocon thinktank PNAC ( Project for the New American Century ) started in 1997 ( and ended in 2006 ) .
PNAC called for the greater militarization of America and hostile intervention in regimes inimical to the US .
These guys were hawks on steroids , actually looking to have wars all over the globe .
On January 16 , 1998 the PNAC sent a letter to Bill Clinton , urging the President to embrace their plan “ for the removal of Saddam Hussein from power . ”
Once Cheney , who headed up the team to find a Vice - President for Bush , suggested himself as Vice - President , and once the Supreme Court handed the presidency to Bush - Cheney , Cheney and his neocon cronies had the power to go after Saddam Hussein .
Problem : how to sell such a war ?
Cheney and crew were casting about for a reason when 9/11 happened .
Now two reasons to sell the war occurred to neocons Cheney , Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz ( who talked Bush on board ) .
One was a connection between Saddam and 9/11 , and the other was that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction .
Both were BS , but they were good enough to sell a BS war .
Cheney could n't make the connection with 9/11 stick , although many Americans believed it , and still do , including Cheney himself .
TheMcClatchy news people reported that one of the reasons Khalid Sheikh Mohammed got waterboarded 183 times and Abu Zubaydah got waterboarded 83 times is that Cheney and Rumsfeld insisted that the interrogators find “ proof of the links between al Qaida and Iraq that ( former Iraqi exile leader Ahmed ) Chalabi and others had told them were there . ”
Meanwhile , there were the weapons of mass destruction .
Said Wolfowitz : “ For bureaucratic reasons , we settled on one issue , weapons of mass destruction , because it was the one reason everyone could agree on . ”
THEN Cheney and Bush later claimed they were misled by faulty intelligence and blamed the CIA when no such weapons were found .
The truth is they wanted a war anyway and did n't give a shit what intelligence said as long as they could use it to sell the war .
Today , revisionism has so taken hold of our commentariat that everybody has bought into the lie of “ faulty ” intelligence that supposedly led Cheney and everyone else astray .
Has Cheney ever manned up about any of this ?
No .
Has he ever apologized for the deaths of thousands of American soldiers and tens of thousands of the wounded and brain - damaged and those with post - traumatic stress disorder ?
No .
Has he ever apologized for the million plus Iraqis killed ?
No .
Has he ever apologized for the fact that these wars played right into Bin Laden 's hands ?
No .
That he was played for a sucker by Bin Laden ?
No .
That his wars led to a huge spike in Al - Qaeda recruitment ?
No .
That his wars led to a huge spike in acts of terror ?
No .
That he made us infinitely less safe than before ?
No .
Has he ever apologized for the fact that there may have been no Explosive Gonads Bomber if it were n't for his wars ?
No .
Why not ?
He 's a coward .
( Has anyone ever tried to nail him on this ?
No .
When they 're not cowards , our mainstream media are doltishly ignorant . )
Instead , Cheney is attacking Obama for not being war - like enough , when Obama is committing the folly of stepping up the Afghanistan war .
It 's like the kettle calling the kettle black .
Here 's what Coward Cheney said after the Explosive Gonads Bomber was foiled :
“ As I 've watched the events of the last few days it is clear once again that President Obama is trying to pretend we are not at war .
He seems to think if he has a low - key response to an attempt to blow up an airliner and kill hundreds of people , we wo n't be at war .
He seems to think if he gives terrorists the rights of Americans , lets them lawyer up and reads them their Miranda rights , we wo n't be at war .
He seems to think if we bring the mastermind of Sept. 11 to New York , give him a lawyer and trial in civilian court , we wo n't be at war .
“ He seems to think if he closes Guantanamo and releases the hard - core Al Qaeda - trained terrorists still there , we wo n't be at war .
He seems to think if he gets rid of the words , ' war on terror , ' we wo n't be at war .
But we are at war and when President Obama pretends we are n't , it makes us less safe .
Why does n't he want to admit we 're at war ?
It does n't fit with the view of the world he brought with him to the Oval Office .
It does n't fit with what seems to be the goal of his presidency — social transformation — the restructuring of American society .
President Obama 's first object and his highest responsibility must be to defend us against an enemy that knows we are at war . ”
Obama has said again and again that we are at war .
So many times that it drives me crazy .
Cheney is flat - out lying again .
Why is he doing this ?
From cowardice .
He 's trying to rewrite history — to make excuses for being a war criminal who 's too scared to go overseas because he might get arrested and find himself in the dock in The Hague .
He 's hiding his criminality behind a torrent of lies .
He 's projecting his own cowardice on the President .
He is not only a cowardly war criminal , he 's unpatriotic .
Instead of condemning the Explosive Gonads Bomber first , and congratulating the people who stopped the bomber , he does nothing but condemn our president from start to finish .
This is the act of an un-American coward .
The same goes for his odious lying daughter Liz .
There 's a stunning contrast between Cheney and Bush , who said about Obama : ” I 'm not going to spend my time criticizing him .
There are plenty of critics in the arena .
He deserves my silence . ”
And : “ I love my country a lot more than I love politics .
I think it is essential that he be helped in office . ”
5. WHY BERNANKE IS A COWARD
The Fed was created in 1913 to be independent of Congress and the President .
But it 's not independent from the banks .
It 's governed by a board of directors dominated by bankers chosen by banks .
Same with the 12 regional Federal Reserve banks , including the NYC one , run by Tim Geithner before he became Obama 's Treasury Secretary .
Which is why the Fed has done nothing about the scandal of overdraft fees on debit cards .
The overdraft industry is only 16 years old , but it 's a business of nearly $ 40 billion .
A typical overdraft fee is $ 35 , which , according to Kevin Drum inMother Jones , gives the bank $ 2 for every buck borrowed : an annual percentage rate 10,000 % .
It sure beats what a Mafia loan shark makes .
In 2004 the Fed ruled that overdraft fees should n't be classified as loans so the banks could continue with their loan sharking .
Rock on , banks : keep gouging America .
This Fed is the outfit that Chairman Bernanke runs and uses to flood the crooks of Wall Street with trillions , so they can keep gambling in the Great Wall Street Casino .
Bernanke is all for saving the banks , but too much of a coward to do anything about saving America from the banks .
He 's got Insider 's Myopia bad .
Why is he a coward ?
Because he wants to keep his job .
Not for the money ; for the power .
6. WHY OBAMA IS A COWARD
Here 's what makes President Obama a coward : having appointed the wrong guys to oversee the economy , Summers and Geithner , he has not fired them yet .
Tax dodger Geithner is the man who with Paulson arranged the backdoor bailout of overseas banks and Goldman Sachs via AIG , and then , coward that he is , asked AIG to keep quiet about it .
Summers is one part of the four - member cabal that stopped the regulation of derivatives under the Clinton administration .
Back then , Brooksley Born was at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( its mission is to protect us from fraud and promote healthy futures and options markets ) .
She did an analysis with her team in the 90s that led them to anticipate the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
Sound familiar ?
So Born suggested regulating derivatives .
She was told to shut the heck up by Greenspan , Rubin , Summer and SEC Chairman Levitt , Bill Clinton 's so - called President 's Working Group .
Her recommendations suppressed , she resigned in frustration as Chair of the Commission .
HOW is it possible that the guy who caused the problem is now charged with saving us ?
This is like appointing Paul Wolfowitz as our Secretary of Defense when Gates leaves .
What the heck is Obama thinking ?
He does have one guy advising him who is not culpable : Paul Volcker , Fed Chairman from 1979 to 1987 , who heads up Obama 's Economic Advisory Board .
Volcker is pushing for regulation to ban commercial banks from securities trading altogether .
Is Obama doing anything about Volcker 's advice ?
No .
Why not ?
Obama is a coward .
Why ?
He needs Wall Street 's money for his campaign in 2012 .
That 's it , plain and simple .
Obama is selling us out , you and me , the American people , because he believes he needs the Wall street crooks to bail out his ass in 2012 .
He needs those fraudsters to help him bamboozle us to vote for him again .
Wall Street contributed $ 475 m during the 2008 election cycle to individuals and PACs ( the healthcare lobby contributed $ 167 m , farm lobby $ 65 m , defense lobby $ 24 m ) .
That 's America , folks .
That 's why we 're a failed state .
The most powerful man on the planet , and Congress itself … both are bending over for a bunch of crooks who are back doing the same socially useless things and making big bonuses — the very same actions that caused over 17 % of Americans to be unemployed or underemployed today .
No one in America has the power or the courage to stop these crooks from practicing their fraud and blowing up our economy again .
In England they 've put a tax of 50 % on the bonuses of their crooks , but in America we 're too cowardly to try that .
In China they hang businessmen for fraud but in America we throw trillions at them so they can keep on ripping us off .
In Europe they 're all for putting a tax on all financial transactions to make some socially useful money off them , but we 're too cowardly to try it .
Now Obama wants to get our TARP money back from the banks via a tax on them over 10 years , which will cause the fat cats as much pain as a sardine wriggling on a whale 's palate causes pain to the whale .
Obama is a big thin coward , but Paul Volcker is not .
Speaking to a conference of top bankers on December 8 , 2009 , Volcker said this about bankers ' pay : “ Has there been one financial leader to say this is really excessive ?
Wake up , gentlemen .
Your response , I can only say , has been inadequate . ”
Bankers say new regulations could stifle innovation ; Volcker said : “ I wish someone would give me one shred of neutral evidence that financial innovation has led to economic growth — one shred of evidence . ”
The reason Volcker wants a ban on commercial banks engaging in securities trading is simple : so they can get back to lending and borrowing , and help the economy instead of sabotaging it .
Are their any signs that Obama is being persuaded by Volcker ?
No .
Our president has got Summers and Geithner so deep up his butt that , whenever he has anything to say about the economy , their arms are moving his tongue .
Poor Barack .
Between a white mother and a black father , he 's genetically engineered to look for the middle .
So he keeps trying to find the middle in Washington , which is not easy , given the fact that , number one , the GOP has morphed into the party of crazy people , and number two , corporate lobbyists have taken over the writing of our laws , something we the people mistakenly thought was supposed to be done by the people we elect .
Between the lobbyists and the GOP , Washington 's middle has moved since Reagan gave it a big push , and now it 's moved so far that today the middle sits maybe an inch away from Mussolini 's right boot .
On a good day .
What should Obama do ?
Here 's a clue from a commenter on a New York Times thread on January 7th , 2010 .
His name is Michael Radosevich .
He spins a great could - have - been fantasy that has the absolute ring of moral truth .
“ The Fed should have forced Bear Stearns into a pre-arranged bankruptcy , with protections for innocent investors .
Then , it should have sold off the solvent parts , and seized & clawed back all the ill - gotten gains from Bear Stearns stockbrokers , managers , & executives .
Then , it should have taken a close look at Citibank , BoA , & the other “ zombie ” banks , seized those banks , busted up those banks , & , again , seized & clawed back all the ill - gotten gains from managers , & executives .
Et cetera with all the other AIGs , Goldman Sachs , et al .
“ Then , the U.S. Attorney for New York City should have prosecuted these thieves & fraudsters , starting with the CEOs & executives of these companies .
As we saw some of these thieves getting ten & twenty year prison terms , we would not have been so dismayed by paying the bills they left for us .
“ Instead we got corporate bailouts & cheated the taxpayers & workers .
Barack “ Wall Street ” Obama , Geithner , Bernanke , Larry Summers & the rest just continued ripping off taxpayers & giving our money to vulture capitalists .
“ Most of us who voted for Obama were looking for intelligent leadership .
Instead , we got more of the same crony ' capitalism ' & stupid , ignorant policy . ”
Pretty crisp , eh ?
The crispest I 've read in two years .
What is Obama doing besides his plan to recover our TARP money — which we know he 's doing simply because White House polling tells him the people are angry out there , and he must do something , so he picks the easiest cosmetic thing to do that changes nothing structurally ?
He 's doing nothing .
Zip. Nada .
Except of course making a little noise every now and then .
In fact , Obama is making damn sure that the fat cat bankers get to keep all the tools they need to cause another disruption three to seven years down the road .
Here 's Kevin Drum in his BRILLIANT report in the currentMother Jonesabout Obama 's regulatory proposal :
“ ' We do n't want to tilt at windmills , ' he explained last June — and there was little doubt which windmill he was talking about .
Just a couple of months earlier the financial industry had won a stunning victory over a seemingly shoo - in administration proposal to modify bankruptcy laws for strapped homeowners — and they had not only won , they had managed to get billions in extra bailout money at the same time .
That remarkable demonstration of raw power caught the Obama administration 's attention , so rather than risk another defeat it began compromising even before its proposal was introduced .
Top bank executives and financial lobbyists were part of the planning from the start , and as a result mutual funds and hedge funds got away with only modest new limits , credit ratings agencies were left largely untouched , the most dangerous varieties of derivatives were left alone , almost nothing was done to reduce the size of the biggest banks , and additional powers were given to the Fed , which has shown repeatedly that it 's too close to Wall Street to ever regulate it effectively . ”
In the first 10 months of of 2009 , the financial industry spent $ 402 million on lobbying and campaign contributions .
More than $ 8 million went to members of the House Committee on Financial Services .
7. WHY THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE COWARDS
We Americans are so used to being screwed over by our elite , we accept it .
In fact , we 're grateful .
We 're big - time victims of Stockholm Syndrome .
Some of us are so deluded we run around waving teabags , calling Obama a socialist , a most peculiar form of Stockholm Syndrome — call it Evangelical Stockholm Syndrome .
When Pat Robertson says the people of Haiti got earthquaked because they made a pact with the devil to win their freedom from the French , he 's doing much more than being dadaesque callous — he 's talking an evangelical dialect that is viscerally understood by his Evangelical Stockholm Syndrome people .
When Cheney says Obama is pretending we 're at war , he 's doing much more than lying — he 's talking a language that is viscerally understood by his Stockholm Syndrome followers on Stockholm Syndrome - engendering Fox News .
When Obama says if the banks can pay their employees big bonuses , they can pay back the American people , he 's trying to appeal to his base of Obamian Stockholm Syndrome victims .
Except a majority of his section of Stockholm Syndrome victims do n't buy it .
OnThe Ed Show , the host asked viewers to call in and answer the question :
Is Obama doing enough to rein in the banks ?
31 % of Stockholm Syndrome victims said he 's doing enough , 63 % of Stockholm Syndrome victims said not .
Call it Stockholm Syndrome or cowardice , it amounts to the same thing : inaction in the face of injustice done to every one of us personally .
How many times have you been hit by an overdraft charge ?
The banks even hit the party who receives the overdraft check .
And we put up with this outrage .
Is your bank account at one of the 25 biggest banks in America ?
If you do n't move it to a smaller bank or a credit union , you 're helping the fat cat bankers to screw you : you 're a coward .
If you 're one of the 58 % Americans who think the Explosive Gonads Bomber should be waterboarded , i.e. you 're willing to sacrifice our principles simply because you 're scared , you 're a coward .
If you keep paying the minimum on your mounting credit card charges , or if you 're paying off an underwater mortgage , you 're a coward .
Billion - dollar corporations walk away from their obligations all the time ; if they 're immoral punks , why not you ?
Especially when they 're ripping you off .
If you 're giving Obama a pass on his coddling of fat cat bankers , you 're a coward .
What is it with us ?
Do n't we have the courage of our convictions ?
Or do n't we have any convictions to be courageous about ?
Last Monday , a 100 - year - old woman died in the Netherlands .
Her name was Miep Gies .
She worked for Anne Frank 's father Otto , and agreed to keep the Frank family and three other Jews in a secret annex to Otto 's office where the Gestapo would n't find them .
Mrs. Gies biked to various groceries so her food purchases would not arouse suspicion .
She and her husband kept the Franks going for more than two years .
After the Gestapo raided the office , she tried to bribe them to save the family .
She kept Anne Frank 's diary , hoping the girl would come back for it .
It 's because of Miep Gies that we have Anne Frank 's Diary .
This is what Miep Gies said about herself : “ I am not a hero .
I was just an ordinary housewife and a secretary . ”
Miep Gies risked her life .
Most of us Americans can't even risk our time .
We spend a great part of it in front of the TV machine .
Our couch - potato passivity and ignorance and cowardice have earned us the right to be screwed by our elite day in and day out .
This is an agonizing time in the life of our nation .
I have friends who 've been devastated by the Great Recession .
A neighboring country is suffering unimaginable devastation .
During days as dark as these , our choices define us more precisely than usual .
We create who we are in our own eyes and in the eyes of our loved ones , our children , our neighbors , our peers , and everyone whose paths we cross .
In pop -Sartrean terms : faced with the absurdity of existence , we 're condemned to exercise our freedom of choice .
Maybe this is a crude , blunt , shallow way to put it , but I look at it like this :
Once I was a coward .
Now I ask myself : who would I rather be from now on ?
Lloyd Blankfein or Miep Gies ?
Over to you , dear reader .
When you look in the mirror , who do you want to see ?
And what do you want to do about it ?
In this country , even a global warming denialist with a carbon fetish and bad intentions has the right to see the inner workings of government .
Or , at least , he should .
When leaked e-mails recently exposed talk of manipulating scientific evidence on global warming , Kevin Trenberth , head of the Climate Analysis Section at The National Center for Atmospheric Research , argued that skeptics and other evildoers had cherry - picked and presented his comments out of context .
To rectify this injustice , I sent Trenberth ( and NCAR ) a Freedom of Information
Act request asking for his e-mail correspondences with other renowned climate scientists in an effort to help contextualize what they 've been talking about .
Surely the tragically uninformed among us could use some perspective on these innocuous comments by Trenberth : " We can't account for the lack of warming at the moment , and it is a travesty that we can't " ; " we are ( not ) close to knowing where energy is going or whether clouds are changing to make the planet brighter . "
Trenberth , lead author of the 1995 , 2001 , and 2007 assessments of climate change by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , obtains approximately 95 percent of his funding through the federal government , via the National Science Foundation .
Well , soon after my request was fired off , I was informed by NCAR 's counsel that the organization is , in fact , not a federal agency — because its budget is laundered through the National Science Foundation — and thus is under no obligation to provide information to the public .
" Why do n't you put all your e-mails online for everyone to see ? "
Trenberth helpfully suggested to me .
" My e-mail is none of your business . "
Now , generally , I would agree .
It 's every American citizen 's hallowed duty to mind his or her own freaking business — except in those rare instances when one of those citizens happens to be a taxpayer - funded eco-crusader utilizing his appointed station in life to promote policy that sticks its nose into the lives of every American .
I 'm afraid snarky columnizing , on the other hand , is not federally funded — at least not yet .
In fact , Trenberth 's work is one reason the nation is moving toward rationed energy use via cap - and - trade legislation .
His work is one reason the Environmental Protection Agency , through its endangerment findings on carbon emissions , can regulate industry by decree .
It is Trenberth 's government - financed science that drives public policy across this country .
Yet Trenberth has less accountability to the public than the local parks department .
He is not alone .
The Competitive Enterprise Institute — one of those troglodyte - funded , big - screen - television - loving outfits — was forced to file three notices of intent to file suit against NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , demanding the organization provide documents and raw data that were requested under the Freedom of Information
Act three years ago .
Chris Horner , an attorney and senior fellow at CEI working on the NASA case , says of NCAR : " Without government , these jobs would not exist ; that is a reasonable threshold test to determine whether documents should be available to the taxpayer . "
Public confidence continues to fall on the global warming alarmism front .
But if the evidence of coming tragedy is as incontrovertible as we 're told , taxpayers certainly should not have to beg those they pay to hand it over .
At the very least , taxpayers should be able to hold government - funded scientific institutions to the same level of accountability to which they hold their local dog pounds .
David Harsanyi is a columnist at The Denver Post and the author of Nanny State .
Visit his Web site at www.DavidHarsanyi.com.
COPYRIGHT 2009 THE DENVER POST
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM
E - book readers are popular for reading digital books , but they 've got their limitations .
If you have a netbook , you already have a powerful and virtually unrestricted portable e-book reader on your hands .
You just need to know how to set it up .
Advertisement
( Photo remixed from nDevilTV and austinevan . )
Dedicated e-book readers do have certain things going for them ; they 're very light weight , have long - lasting batteries , and their digital , e-ink screens are easy - on - the - eyes .
A big negative mark against them — in the minds of most geeks at least — is how dreadfully locked down they are .
You can't tweak them , modify them , or use them as you see fit .
Netbooks , by default of being an unrestricted personal computer capable of running any applications or reading any formats you care to throw at them , suffer from no such shortcoming .
The following guide will help you turn your netbook into a comfortable e-book reader that — while it may not be as ultra lightweight and battery - friendly as a Kindle — will be infinitely more flexible .
Advertisement
Physical Tweaks and Tricks
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Rotate The Screen :
The tiny widescreen format of the netbook is , in the traditional orientation , terrible for reading e-books .
It 's squatty and does n't do a very good job displaying large amounts of text at one time .
Holding the netbook sideways in your hands like a book is the ideal way to maximize the screen real estate and read it comfortably .
Depending on your graphics chip and drivers , you may be able to rotate the screen orientation without any additional software by simply pressing CTRL +ALT + Left Arrow or CTRL+ALT + Right Arrow .
While it 's great to have a built - in solution without installing any additional software , it 's a less than ideal solution .
The built - in screen - rotation trick works great for desktop computers where you might be rotating a widescreen monitor into a portrait position , but it 's not so handy on a netbook or laptop where the orientation of the keyboard and trackpad changes with the orientation of the physical screen .
Advertisement
Fortunately a lightweight solution exists .
EeeRotate is a tiny application that combines the rotation of your screen and the rotation of the touchpad at the same time using a single shortcut .
Once EeeRotate is installed pressing CTRL+ALT + Right Arrow rotates the screen and touchpad 270 degrees and CTRL +ALT + Up Arrow returns it to normal .
EeeRotate is a must have application for setting up your netbook as an e-book reader and we 'd advise downloading it before proceeding .
Advertisement
Adjust The Screen Brightness :
You should decrease the screen brightness to the lowest setting you can comfortably read it at .
Not only will you extend your battery life but you 'll decrease the strain on your eyes .
One of the strong selling points of stand - alone e-book readers is that their digital ink screens are n't back lit and can be read under the same conditions that you would read a regular book .
If your netbook has the ability to turn off the back light altogether you can try it out .
Your experience with no back light can vary wildly though .
With my Asus netbook I can read it comfortably in direct sunlight just like I would read a Kindle but anything less than full and direct sunshine makes the back - light - off setting completely useless .
Advertisement
Use a Special Power Saving Mode : Reading a document for an extended period of time on your netbook requires little to not effort on behalf of the computer .
You can maximize your netbook 's battery life as an e-book reader by setting up a special power saving mode just for the times you 're using it as an e-book reader .
Just switching it to the maximum power - saving mode wo n't cut it , putting your netbook in maximum power save usually has featured not conducive to reading like shutting the screen off after short periods of inactivity .
Your netbook may have an advanced power manager installed , but to quickly tweak the power settings in Windows you 'll want to open up the Power Options menu .
Right click on the battery icon in your system tray or look under Settings -> Power Management .
You 'll want to tweak your power settings so that the monitor never turns off , the hard disks spin down after 5 minutes — once you load an e-book to read it's in the memory of the computer and you wo n't likely need to do any heavy hard disk accessing — and set the system to never go into standby mode .
With the brightness turned down and the hard disk kept quiet , you should be able to squeeze out quite a bit of reading time .
Advertisement
Setting Up E-Book Software
What e-book software you end up using is entirely a matter of personal preference , and the dealbreaker might be as tiny as what key is closest to your thumb when holding the netbook in a comfortable position and what that key does — turns the page , pages down , etc — in a particular e-book application .
With that in mind , we 'd urge you give each of the following free applications a test drive to see which one is the most comfortable option for your netbook , how you hold it , and your reading style .
Advertisement
Kindle for PC ( Windows , Free ) :
Advertisement
I 'm highlighting the Kindle for PC software first for only one reason .
If you want to semi- recreate the experience of having a Kindle without actually buying a dedicated Kindle , you can install Kindle for PC on your netbook .
Unless you absolutely want that experience we can see no reason at all to install Kindle for PC .
You cannot manage your personal library of e-books and documents with Kindle for PC , so you 're essentially importing the experience of having a DRM - locked down Kindle onto your netbook .
If you have a lot of e-books already and do n't have a relationship with Amazon as your e-book provider , Kindle for PC was a no - go right out of the gate for me .
Calibre ( Windows / Mac / Linux , Free ) :
Advertisement
Calibre is an open - source solution for not just reading e-books and other portable document formats but also organizing them in a meticulous fashion .
Calibre is n't just a great option for viewing e-books in a vertical orientation on your netbook ; it 's a great option for organizing your collection , downloading news to read on your netbook - turned - e- book reader , and even syncing your collection to actual e-book readers if you decide to invest in one later on .
Calibre supports nearly every portable document format out there , although less common formats like the CBR comic book container format require conversion — Calibre handles all the conversion in - program .
Mobipocket Reader Desktop ( Windows , Free ) :
Advertisement
Mobipocket Reader has a similar layout to iTunes and gives you a more Kindle - like experience on the Netbook than the actual Kindle for PC software can provide .
Where the Kindle for PC software falls flat and Calibre shines with organization , Mobipocket Reader stands out for having all the neat annotation , bookmarking , and interface tweaking aspects you find in the Kindle Reader but brought to Windows without all the DRM - hassle .
If you 've been pining for a Kindle but find the Kindle for PC experience to be lacking , it 's worth checking out Mobipocket Reader for a bells - and - whistles portable reader .
If you fall in love with Mobipocket Reader Desktop on your netbook you 'll be pleased to know you can get versions for your Blackberry , Windows Mobile phone , Symbian phones , Palm , and several dedicated e-book devices .
You can , of course , use just about any software you want as long as it can run on your OS and works when the orientation of the screen is rotated — good luck with Adobe Reader !
We could n't get most e-books to display correctly once rotated — which is the beauty of using a netbook over a hardware and firmware - locked dedicated e-book reader .
Advertisement
The above tools will get you started with enjoying e-books on your netbook in a more pleasing orientation and format .
If you have a favorite reader or tool for making e-book consumption on your netbook comfortable , we 'd love to hear about it in the comments .
Developers who visit SitePoint are some of the most conscientious on the web .
However , you may be surprised to learn there are people out there who avoid accessibility , shun standards , put down progressive enhancement , and undervalue usability .
I ’m afraid it ’s true .
For every lovingly - crafted accessible site , there are hundreds of shocking examples which prevent access to sectors of the web community .
We ’ve all seen sites which :
break keyboard navigation or enforce the use of a mouse
use small and illegible text which is impossible to set to a larger size
implement forms or page controls which fail without JavaScript
have designs or color combinations which are difficult to read
use distracting animations , or
break in any browser other than the one that organization uses .
Few developers consider accessibility .
Their clients are n’t aware of the implications , the benefits seem inconsequential ( it ’s only about blind people , right ? ) , few users notice any problems , and it ’s normally low down or missing from the list of priorities .
Fortunately , the W3C ’s Web Accessibility Initiative ( WAI ) has released a guidance document for anyone who wants to contact an organization about their website ’s accessibility problems .
Although it ’s aimed at general users , Contacting Organizations about Inaccessible Websites provides information which could be useful to agencies and freelancers who want to approach a company about improving their shoddy site .
The document contains advice such as :
Considering your approach and what you want to achieve .
How to identify the key contacts within the organization .
Describing the accessibility problems .
Where to find accessibility information resources .
Requesting replies and making follow - up calls .
Sample emails .
I doubt the document will change many people ’s attitude , but it might help raise the profile of web accessibility and could provide organizations with a reason to investigate issues further .
Have you contacted an organization about their inaccessible website ?
Did they do anything to resolve the problem ?
Or was your request ignored ?
Image credit : Tim Stubbs
Marc Cieslak looks at some of the latest scams circulating on the internet .
Cyber criminals are always coming up with new and more sophisticated ways to defraud their victims .
While airplane and rocket experiments have proved that gravity makes clocks tick more slowly -- a central prediction of Albert Einstein 's general theory of relativity -- a new experiment in an atom interferometer measures this slowdown 10,000 times more accurately than before , and finds it to be exactly what Einstein predicted .
The result shows once again how well Einstein 's theory describes the real world , said Holger Müller , an assistant professor of physics at the University of California , Berkeley .
" This experiment demonstrates that gravity changes the flow of time , a concept fundamental to the theory of general relativity , " Müller said .
The phenomenon is often called the gravitational redshift because the oscillations of light waves slow down or become redder when tugged by gravity .
A report describing the experiment appears in the Feb. 18 issue of the journal Nature .
Treating particles as waves
Müller tested Einstein 's theory by taking advantage of a tenet of quantum mechanics : that matter is both a particle and a wave .
The cesium atoms used in the experiment can be represented by matter waves that oscillate 3x1025 times per second , that is , 30 million billion billion times per second .
advertisement
When the cesium atom matter wave enters the experiment , it encounters a carefully tuned flash of laser light .
The laws of quantum mechanics step in , and each cesium atom enters two alternate realities , Müller said .
In one , the laser has pushed the atom up one - tenth of a millimeter -- 4/1000 of an inch -- giving it a tiny boost out of Earth 's gravitational field .
In the other , the atom remains unmoved inside Earth 's gravitational well , where time flies by less quickly .
While the frequency of cesium matter waves is too high to measure , Müller and his colleagues used the interference between the cesium matter waves in the alternate realities to measure the resulting difference between their oscillations , and thus the redshift .
The equations of general relativity predicted precisely the measured slowing of time , to an accuracy of about one part in 100 million ( 7x10 - 9 ) -- 10,000 times more accurate than the measurements made 30 years ago using two hydrogen maser clocks , one on Earth and the other launched via rocket to a height of 10,000 kilometers .
" Two of the most important theories in all of physics are Quantum Mechanics and the General Theory of Relativity , " noted Müller 's collaborator , Steven Chu , a former UC Berkeley professor of physics and former director of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( LBNL ) .
Chu was one of the originators of the atom interferometer , which is based on his Nobel Prize - winning development of cold laser traps .
" The paper that we are publishing in Nature uses two fundamental aspects of the quantum description of matter to perform one of the most precise tests of The General Theory of Relativity . "
Precision timekeeping
Far from merely theoretical , the results have implications for Earth 's global positioning satellite system , for precision timekeeping and for gravitational wave detectors , Müller said .
advertisement
" If we used our best clocks , with 17 - digit precision , in global positioning satellites , we could determine position to the millimeter , " he said .
" But lifting a clock by 1 meter creates a change in the 16th digit .
So , as we use better and better clocks , we need to know the influence of gravity better . "
Müller also noted that the experiment demonstrates very clearly " Einstein 's profound insight , that gravity is a manifestation of curved space and time , which is among the greatest discoveries of humankind . "
This insight means that what we think of as the influence of gravity -- planets orbiting stars , for example , or an apple falling to Earth -- is really matter following the quickest path through spacetime .
In a flat geometry , the quickest route is a straight line .
But in Einstein 's theory , the flow of time becomes a function of location , so the quickest path could now be an elliptical orbit or a plumb line to the ground .
Experiments have tested the theory to higher and higher precision , but direct measurements of the gravitational redshift have had to struggle with the minimal size of the effect in Earth 's gravitational field .
These measurements culminated in the 1976 experiment by NASA and the Harvard Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory using hydrogen maser clocks .
That precision was 7x10 - 5 .
Atom interferometers
Just as an optical interferometer uses interfering light waves to measure time or distance to within to a fraction of a wavelength , an atom interferometer uses interfering matter waves .
Because matter waves oscillate at a much higher frequency than light waves , they can be used to measure correspondingly smaller times and distances .
Since 1991 , when Chu was at Stanford University , he and former members of his lab have used Chu 's technique of cooling and trapping atoms with lasers to build the most precise atom interferometers .
In 1999 , one of those students , Achim Peters , now at Humboldt University in Berlin , performed such an experiment on cesium atoms in free fall to precisely measure the acceleration of gravity .
Müller , who was Peters ' graduate student at Humboldt University , subsequently worked in Steve Chu's group at Stanford as a postdoctoral fellow , although Chu left Stanford during that time to become the director of LBNL and later U.S. Secretary of Energy .
After joining the UC Berkeley faculty in July 2008 , Müller attended a conference on frequency and time measurement where he realized that Peters ' experimental data could also yield the most precise measure yet of the gravitational redshift .
Müller approached Chu about the experiment and received an enthusiastic response .
Peters ' experiment involved capturing a million cesium atoms in a cold laser trap chilled to a few millionths of a degree above absolute zero and zapping them with a vertical laser beam tuned to give them a kick upwards , with 50 percent probability .
A split second later , a second laser pulse sends the high - flying matter waves downward and the stationary ones upward to merge .
A third laser pulse recombines the two .
Measuring the amplitude of the recombined matter waves reveals the phase difference between the two .
Müller and Chu noted that the contribution of the rest mass to the frequency of matter wave oscillations is normally ignored in quantum mechanical calculations , because the resulting frequencies are too fast to measure .
But in this experiment , that high " Compton " frequency allowed an extremely precise measurement of the different clock rates .
" In conceiving of this research , we realized that relativity theory demands that the energy E also includes the energy due to the rest mass of the atom , given by Einstein 's famous equation E = mc2 , " Chu wrote in an e-mail .
" The energy due to the rest mass of the atoms is enormous , resulting in an atomic clock that ticks at 3x1025 Hertz . "
Freefall
During the approximately 0.3 seconds of freefall , the matter waves on the higher route feel that a little more time elapsed : just 2x10 - 20 seconds compared to the lower route .
But because of the sheer magnitude of the Compton frequency , Müller said , they oscillated about a million times more often .
Since the atom interferometer could measure the difference to within a thousandth of an oscillation , the experiment produced a 9 - digit accuracy .
This corresponds to measuring the time difference to 10 - 28 seconds .
To put these numbers in perspective , Müller said , " if the time of freefall was extended to the age of the universe , 14 billion years , the time difference between the upper and lower routes would be a mere 1/100th second , and the accuracy of the measurement would be 60 picoseconds , the time it takes for light to travel about 1 /2 inch . "
Müller is building ever more precise atom interferometers , and hopes this year to measure the gravitational redshift more precisely with a millimeter separation .
One future milestone will be a separation of a meter or more .
" If we could separate the atoms by a meter , we could build an experiment to observe gravity waves , " he said .
Gravity waves are tiny fluctuations in gravity propagating through spacetime theoretically generated by interactions between massive stars or black holes .
To filter out noise from Earth 's gravity and other perturbations , like a passing truck , such an experiment would have to involve at least two atom interferometers separated by a large distance .
An ideal spot for the experiment , he said , would be the Deep Underground Science and Engineering Laboratory at the former Homestake mine in South Dakota .
The research is supported by National Science Foundation , the U.S. Air Force Office of Scientific Research , the David and Lucile Packard Foundation , and the National Institute of Standards and Technology .
Am I the only one that finds a lot of ABBA songs kinda sad ?
Posted on February 15 , 2010 at 5:16 pm in Comic 1 .
Follow responses to this post with the comments feed
Attorney Mark Smalec will first scrutinize your ticket to make a legal determination whether there is a basis for dismissal of your ticket .
If not , then his next goal will be to negotiate a zero - point plea arrangement or a plea that will not cause you an insurance premium increase .
Like a lot of California transplants , 11 newcomers to Minnesota are having a hard time adjusting to our winters .
They are wind turbines , erected last fall by 11 metro and outstate cities .
The green - energy machines were expected to be spinning before Christmas , but so far their blades have been largely motionless , apparently paralyzed by frigid weather .
The turbines sit idly in Anoka , North St. Paul , Chaska , Shakopee , Buffalo and six other cities , all members of the Minnesota Municipal Power Agency ( MMPA ) .
The refurbished , 115 - foot towers had operated on a California wind farm , where they did n't have to worry about cold hydraulic fluid turning to gel and oil lubricants getting too sluggish .
Avant Energy of Minneapolis , which operates the turbines for MMPA , says it is bringing in a company that will get the windmills running within two months .
" It is very important we get them up and operating , " said Avant president Derick Dahlen .
He said the relatively small turbines , bought with federal renewable energy bonds , demonstrate the 11 cities ' support for green energy .
" When they do n't turn , that does n't satisfy us , " Dahlen said .
It also does n't satisfy many in the cities that put up the turbines , often in highly visible locations .
" We have been getting a lot of phone calls asking why it 's not turning , " said Dan Geiger , Chaska 's electrical director .
He said the turbine has n't moved since it went up in early November near busy Hwy .
212 .
" We put a lot of time and energy into getting it installed , " Geiger said .
" We were hoping it would be spinning by now . "
The turbine in North St. Paul , near Hwy.
36 , ran briefly " before it got too cold .
It has n't run consistently yet , " said City Manager Wally Wysopal .
" Anything in the air that has visibility like this turbine , people are expecting it to turn , " he said .
" It 's been a little embarrassing to have it not turning on the windiest of days . "
Anoka officials voiced similar concerns .
How do you write ( do you have a daily routine ? )
First drafts as early in the morning as possible , then second , then third ( retyping , I work on a manual ) .
Once the first draft is 80 % completed I start on the second , so that there 's a conveyor belt of drafts in progress : this helps me to grasp the totality of the book .
I accelerate towards the end , usually because I 'm on or past my deadline .
In your line of work , you spend much of your time alone .
How do you survive ?
Rituals .
Smoking -- pipes , cigars , special brands , accessories , the whole bollocks .
Coffee , tea , strange infusions -- I have a stove on my desk .
Fetishising typewriters , pens , etc .
Overall , though , I have a healthy appetite for solitude .
If you do n't , you have no business being a writer .
The Guardian , May 9 , 2007
( Thanks to Ric Stockfis . )
On nearly any post about Ubuntu , or Linux in general , the Ubuntu derivative Linux Mint is offered as an alternative , or comes up ( multiple times ) as a recommendation in the comments .
What sets Mint apart ?
Blogger ( and obvious Linux lover ) Jeff Hoogland makes five cases for Mint over Ubuntu .
The default software picks ( Pidgin over Empathy , Thunderbird included ) , the graphical look , and the general ease of use for newcomers used to Windows are all valid considerations , but we 'd consider the default inclusion of " restricted " stuff like MP3 codecs , Java , and Flash to be the true killer app for beginners .
What puts Mint over Ubuntu in your mind , or vice - versa ?
[ Thoughts on Technology ]
Advertisement
In 20 years I predict energy wars over oil and gas resources .
By the time it becomes politically profitable to react to problems in the transport energy sector , it will be too late for significant development of alternatives and too politically risky not to fight over remaining supplies .
- LenGould ( in EnergyPulse , Jan. 8 , 2008 )
I never contemplate the ' details ' of energy wars , and that means the kind predicted for the future by Len Gould , as well as the one that Alan Greenspan - the former director of the United States central bank ( or Federal Reserve System ) - believes began in 2003 , and to a limited extent is still taking place .
For what it is worth , I have often preferred Dr Greenspan as a jazz musician rather than an economist , but even so there is no denying his intelligence , access , and the diversity of his interests .
More important , I see no reason to disavow that energy wars are possible , and I cannot forget that the brilliant Professor Nicolas Georgescu - Roegen insisted that almost all wars have something to do with natural resources .
Armed conflict over an energy resource is a topic that I failed to consider in my course on oil and gas economics at the Asian Institute of Technology ( AIT ) , but I was sufficiently alert to discuss a bizarre oil forecast for 2030 that was circulated earlier by the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) .
Their estimate - since adjusted downward - predicted a consumption of 121 million barrels of oil per day ( = 121 mb/d ) in 2030 .
When I commented on the improbability of this forecast - employing what I knew about other production estimates - the IEA director sent me an outraged mail professing that IEA forecasts were for consumption ( and not , as I indicated , production ) .
I found this strange , since almost all energy economics research dealing with oil concentrates on production , but since I never regarded the IEA seriously , it hardly makes a difference .
As my colleagues at Uppsala University have reported , IEA publications are " political documents " designed to placate governments ( and firms ) that want to give the impression that oil production will remain high , and thus oil prices will be low .
In the lecture alluded to above , I put a linear approximation on a whiteboard at AIT which suggested that with a world output of 121 mb/d in 2030 , Saudi Arabia would have to produce at least 20 mb/d .
This approximation was based on a peaking of Gulf oil , as suggested by an article in the Oil and Gas Journal ; the ongoing peaking of non-OPEC oil if Russia was excluded ; and the aggregate peaking of non-OPEC oil about to occur , taking Russia into consideration .
I sent this result to Professor Paul McAvoy of Yale University , and he assured me that I was wrong because Saudi Arabia would soon exploit four new fields .
Unfortunately , Saudi Arabia appears geologically incapable and / or geopolitically unwilling to obtain a massive output from any new field , and according to the Energy Intelligence Agency ( EIA ) of the U.S. government , an increase in the oil supply due to e.g. an increased output in Brazil , and various non-Russian regions of the former Soviet Union , cannot compensate for declines elsewhere .
Assuming that the above is correct , or almost correct , then it is necessary to point out that 20 mb/d is exactly the amount that the Saudi government said they would not produce under any circumstance .
They made this statement approximately 35 years ago , and have repeated it many times since .
As noted in my book on oil ( 1980 ) , I first detected this information about Saudi production intentions in an official U.S. government publication ( 1979 ) , although I did not attach a great deal of importance to it until many years later .
Several of my students at AIT informed me that they had some difficulty accepting my conclusions about the future availability of oil .
This was because I claimed that by 2030 the global production of oil would have peaked , by which I meant that it would have peaked many years before 2030 , and possibly as early as 2015 .
Why not , when the director of the French oil major Total , Christophe de Margerie , has repeatedly said that the maximum global oil production will never be greater than 100 mb/d , and apparently challenges any corporate executive or decision maker who believes otherwise to discuss this subject with him in a public symposium .
Someone else who finds the IEA projections dubious is professor ( of physics ) Kjell Aleklett of Uppsala University .
He claims that by 2030 the peak will incontestably have taken place , and global oil production will only be 75 mb/d .
About the same time that I came into possession of the U.S. government document mentioned above , I obtained another publication with the same origin ..
It showed ' possible ' landing zones in the Gulf for paratroopers and marines in case the flow of oil from the Middle East abruptly decreased , and a military option was deemed necessary by one or more oil importing countries .
Professor Douglas Reynolds of the University of Alaska also has some acquaintance with those materials , and according to him Dr Henry Kissenger had discussed the possibility of military intervention in one or more periodicals .
Landing zones in the Gulf is a topic without interest for me , but if it was I might stress that Alan Greenspan was once the most important financial bureaucrat in the world , and he made the following statement in his widely praised book ( 2008 ) : " I am saddened that it is politically inconvenient to acknowledge what everyone knows : the Iraq war is largely about oil " ( page 463 ) .
A comment is in order here , because there is a difference between the " everyone " a single individual ( and his network ) think that they know , and the everyone they actually know .
Dr. Greenspan has a better grasp of energy realities and economic theory than most members of the financial community .
He fully comprehends the role of energy in the global industrial / commercial structure , and especially the crucial significance of oil and gas .
Accordingly , since the amount of easily producible oil available in Iraq is very large , he might have concluded that if the kind of people he meets socially and professionally were capable of performing a cost - benefit analysis , they would accept that another war in that country was well worth the trouble , even if they did not express this belief in public .
By. Ferdinand E. Banks , Uppsala University , Sweden
Sperm need to delay their frantic dash until they are close to the egg A mechanism which starts sperm swimming when they get near the egg could one day lead to new forms of male contraception , scientists have said .
Tiny pores on the sperm 's surface allow it to change its internal pH , which in turn starts its tail movements .
Researchers from the University of California in San Francisco said the study might also explain why marijuana makes men infertile .
A UK expert said it could have a big effect on men's fertility .
Limited resources
Sperm do not start swimming from the moment of ejaculation - they have only limited resources , and to stand much chance of reaching the egg , need to delay their frantic dash until they are closer to the egg .
It could lead us to either develop a novel contraceptive for men , or perhaps find a way to improve the sperm motility for men whose sperm do n't swim as well as they should
Dr Allan Pacey , University of Sheffield Scientists have long known that a sperm 's level of activity is governed by internal pH - how acid or alkaline its contents are - but the method which alters this at the right moment has proved elusive .
In order to increase its pH and become more alkaline , the sperm needs to jettison protons , and the US scientists have found pores on its surface which allow it to do precisely that .
Dr Yuriy Kirichok , who led the research , said : " The concentration of protons inside the sperm cell is 1,000 times higher than outside .
" If you just open a pore , protons will go outside - we identify the molecule that lets them out . "
These pores , or Hv1 proton channels , as they have been termed , seem to be primed to open at precisely the right moment .
They respond to a substance called anandamide , which is present in the female reproductive tract , and in particularly high levels near the egg .
Cannabis theory Anandamide is an " endocannabinoid " , a natural substance which can affect neurons , but it is possible that the cannabinoids found in marijuana may mimic some of its effects - which could explain why cannabis use has been associated with subfertility in men .
Dr Kirichok said : " Marijuana likely activates sperm prematurely , leaving them burnt out in a matter of hours . "
He said that it was possible that the newly discovered channel could be exploited by a drug which hampered the proton release , leaving sperm stranded .
He said : " All of these events are essential to fertilisation - you can imagine now that we know the molecule responsible we could block it to prevent activation and fertilisation as a kind of male contraception . "
Dr Allan Pacey , senior lecturer in andrology at the University of Sheffield , said : " Although it seems obvious that sperm have to swim in order to find and fertilise an egg inside the female body , or in the dish during IVF , we are only just uncovering some of the molecular details that the sperm use when swimming "
" Now that we know what this ion channel is , then it could lead us to either develop a novel contraceptive for men , or perhaps find a way to improve the sperm motility for men whose sperm do n't swim as well as they should "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
These are the last of my shots from Oregon .
Soon I 'll post photos I 've taken here in L.A.
I just need to take them first !
NEW : Video link added to the bottom 12/14
NEW : Second video link added to the bottom 12/15
Haha ... two secret posts in a row .
I have a mental list of stories I want to write here , and somehow this one had slipped off of it .
Luckily , a UT Grad who goes by " The Reel Deal " posted a comment reminding me about the story .
So here it goes , with a little history first .
I never thought I 'd go to UT ( The University of Texas , not Tennessee ) .
Ever since I was in middle school , I always knew that I 'd go to MIT - it was where the smart geeky people went , and I was one of them .
When it came time to do applications for schools , I mailed two of them .
One for MIT and one for WPI , a lesser known technical school in Massachusetts .
I had abysmal grades , due in a large part to my refusal to do most homework and having never actually studied for a test .
I always thought it was interesting to see how much of the material I 'd naturally retained .
Let 's just say it usually was n't over 80 % .
After sending those applications in I found myself sitting in a calculus class with my good friend Phil .
" Have you finished your UT app ? "
Phil asked .
" No , I did n't do one "
" You should .
They 're due today .
Here ... I have an extra one .
I 'm going after class to drop it off - if you come with me I 'm buying Wendy 's "
That was enough to seal the deal .
Phil had a meal plan on campus that allowed him to use his meals at the local Wendy's .
Because he had a fully stocked fridge thanks to his job ( maybe I 'll write about that gem later ) , he rarely used his meals .
He often bribed me with them , accounting for many classes , quizzes , and even a few tests missed .
We both loved Wendy's .
That was , of course , before I began eating healthy .
During the rest of the class I filled out my application , although I did n't have time to write an essay .
I did n't really have the inclination , either .
I was sure that MIT or WPI would accept me solely based on my charm and potential .
Weeks passed , and my MIT and WPI letters came in .
I was rejected at each of them .
Oops .
I was n't too upset , though - I was n't totally sold on the idea of going to college anyway .
Then , of course , my UT letter came in .
Somehow they 'd accepted me .
Many of my friends had similar fates , so a bunch of us ended up at UT .
In the end , this was much better and I 'm very grateful I did n't go to MIT .
Then , there were the tunnels .
We 'd heard about them before - supposedly there was a secret network of tunnels underneath UT that connected almost all of the buildings .
It was a farfetched concept , but it became credible to us when we read an article that said it was the way they got to the tower without being shot to take out Whitman .
Soon after moving into UT , we started looking for the tunnels .
The UT campus is one of the largest in the world , so this was no easy task .
It led us to some pretty interesting places , but we could n't find any evidence of the tunnel .
Then one day we saw a worker servicing one of the fountains on campus .
A door was opened in the back of the fountain that revealed a spiral staircase going underground behind it .
Could that be the entrance to the tunnel system ?
We did our best to be nonchalant and peered down into the entrance .
It appeared to go down quite far - surely this was the entrance .
The only problem was that the worker never left the area .
Undaunted , we waited for night and headed to our armory of choice - Home Depot .
Home Depot used to be open twenty four hours a day , which made it perfect for us .
It seemed that nearly every adventure that we embarked on , and there were many , required some sort of supplies that Home Depot always had .
We bought a small saw and headed back to campus .
With two people watching , and another two of us cutting , we tried to cut the deadbolt holding the door shut .
I 'm morally very against destroying property , and in our many crazy adventures ( several of which involve breaking into buildings ) we have destroyed only one lock and no valuable property .
Unfortunately , this lock was not destined to be the one that we broke .
We cut 1/ 8 of an inch through the deadbolt after maybe half an hour and realized we 'd never get through .
We planned on getting a reciprocating saw and trying again , but it never happened .
I guess we decided it was too difficult to explain why we had one of those .
For a year or so we forgot about the tunnels and diverted our mischeif to other outlets .
One night we were again discussing the tunnels , and we resolved that surely one of the many manhole covers must be hiding an entrance to the coveted tunnels .
With a stick to pry them up , we hit the streets and pried up a significant portion of UT 's manhole covers .
We found a few cool little hideouts , but no tunnels .
The next night we returned and upturned any other manholes we could find .
We were about to go home for the night when Terry made a discovery .
He found a metal grate that was blowing exhaust from below .
That would be nothing to get excited about except that it appeared that there was light beyond the fan .
We crowded around the grate and peered in .
Sure enough , a tunnel could be made out below .
We were all very excited , but the task of penetrating the tunnels remained .
The grate was secured by welding and concrete and was n't going anywhere .
Further , even if we could get in , there would be no way to get past the fan .
Terry and I started walking in the directions the tunnel led , hoping to find an easier entry point .
He found another vent that had no fan .
It had some other metal contraption that could possibly be moved , but it was n't promising .
What was promising is the clearer view of the tunnel that grate afforded .
It was real .
I walked in the other direction , and found another grate .
Beneath the metal grate was a ladder leading down to the tunnel , and the gate was secured only by a padlock .
Often times too brash , I was eager to go get bolt cutters and go in that night , but another friend who wishes to remain anonymous pointed out that soon it would be light and we might get caught .
The next night we returned to home depot and bought bold cutters .
We were always asking weird questions like " My deadbolt is stuck and I need to cut it .
Which saw is best for that ? " or " Which bolt cutters can get through a masterlock " , or later " my boss wants me to copy all these keys " .
If they were suspicious , they never shared that suspicion with us .
We left with our giant flourescent orange bolt cutters and headed to campus .
We agreed that the tunnels were likely used by workers , but that 2 - 5:30 am or so was probably a safe time to go .
I wrangled with the lock while John ( name changed ) and Terry acted as lookouts .
I was too weak to cut the lock , so John took over .
We probably should have worked out a better plan , though , because although we spotted the police , there was nothing we could do to warn John .
They saw us , turned on their lights , and started driving towards us .
Crap .
John made the decision for us .
Bolt cutters in hand , he started running .
I followed him and Terry headed in a different direction .
As soon as we turned a corner John threw the bolt cutters into the bushes and we kept running .
We stayed away from streets so that police could n't see us .
When we finally made it across the street and blended into the pedestrians , we were safe .
We all met back at our apartments and agreed to try again the next night .
The next night was better .
Our friend Ben was in town , and he was ready to ride .
He was strong , as was John , so between the two of them we were able to quickly break the lock .
One by one we scurried underground and closed the grate behind us .
After nearly four years of wondering - we were in .
Any expectations we had were instantly shattered .
No longer were we on campus - we'd be transported into another world .
The narrow concrete path was flanked with a host of steam pipes , bundles of wires , and even toxic waste pipes .
It was surreal .
We ventured down the path , but soon came to a locked gate .
We turned around and made it a little further in the other direction , but there was another gate there too .
Intermitently , the steam pipes would makes scary noises which sent our hearts jumping .
We were all overwhelmed and not entirely upset that there was n't much to explore .
We left the tunnels , put our own padlock on the gate , and went back home .
Plans were immediately made to go back .
We 'd bring the bolt cutters and get past the next gate .
The next day Terry , John , Dan ( name also changed ) and I returned .
It was cold outside , but underground it was comfortable .
We again got into the tunnels and stashed our jackets near the entrance .
John was in charge of mapping out the labrynth as best as possible .
We 'd also brought orange tape to tie to grates so that we could find them from the outside .
We were prepared .
Again we reached the first locked gate .
This time I was a little more clear headed and realized that if we stood on the crossbar we could slide past it over the top .
Immediately the maze began to branch and we realized that the tunnels were bigger than we expected .
At the next dead end , John realized that if he hugged one of the pipes he could slide past the gate where the pipes went through .
We spent a couple hours underground exploring as much as we could .
Every few minutes a steam valve would release or the pipes would creak and we'd all become terrified .
There was no telling if we were alone in the tunnels , or if there were workers there .
Here are some of the incredible things we saw underground :
The tunnels were more interesting than we expected .
There were ramps going up and down , entrances to buildings , forgotten storage areas , windows looking outside , and strange masses of pipe .
Some places were very closed in , others were wide open .
Some were brightly lit , while others were pitch black .
One of our favorite areas we dubbed " the beach " .
It was a huge sandy expanse under one of the buildings , bordered by a concrete walkway .
Along the walkway were locked cages with strange looking machines .
Here are some pictures from the beach :
Of particular interest was a code ( or possibly gibberish ) written on one of the stone pillars .
P D G H M P D G
P H M W M L Y W O
O F F 6 I M U S S G
P - Forgive me
The full image ( blurry , unfortunately ) can be downloaded here : code .
We never figured out what it meant , but our interest was piqued with the " Forgive me " .
If you can figure out what it means , we 'd all be really interested in hearing your interpretation .
Here 's a copy of the map that John created : [ removed at KVUE / UT 's request ]
Finally after spending hours underground we started to get worried that workers may be arriving .
We peeked our heads out of the grate , and when no one was coming we quickly snuck out .
Our lock was put back on the grate and we left .
We had intended on going back , but our lock was replaced with an official one rather quickly .
We were all alarmed , thinking that it was an unused entrance .
We never went back in .
To this day there is a grate near ENS which you can look into and see some of the orange tape we used to mark the path .
We are a particularly responsible group of trouble makers .
If any of us had gotten hurt we would n't have sued UT .
We did n't damage anything or steal anything .
I can't be sure that readers of this article will exercise the same discretion , so I wo n't disclose where the entrance to the tunnel is .
If you 're dedicated enough , you can find it .
The map also provides some clues .
Update : On 12/13 I got a huge surge of traffic thanks to sites like Digg , Del.icio.us , Fazed , and many other bloggers .
Within the first few hours of the morning , I received over 10 k unique visitors .
By the end of the day it reached 17k .
One of the people who read the story is friends with a reporter at ABC affiliate TV station KVUE .
KVUE did a piece on the story seen here :
When I saw it , I was furious .
The segment was pretty complementary , and that Izzy girl was pretty cute , but they stole my pictures !
The next morning I called the Austin Bar Association and was referred to an intellectual property lawyer .
He was generous enough to talk with me for twenty minutes to give me a good understanding of the law and the practicality of filing a suit .
He said that it was without a doubt illegal copyright violation and that I would win in court ... but he also said that it would be hard to prove that I was significantly damaged by the use , and would probably not get too much money .
After hearing that , I was still going to sue .
He said we 'd send a letter , they 'd reply back saying that it was legal just to call my bluff because it was unlikely that I would actually file suit .
However , I had every intention to do so , even if it was possible that I would lose money .
It was a matter of principle , and I was genuinely offended that they would air my pictures without credit .
The lawyer suggested I first contact KVUE and try to work it out .
I was skeptical that they would rectify the situation , but I wrote a letter anyway .
I offered three possible solutions :
1 . They could give the address on TV tonight
2 . They could pay a sum of money in damages
3 . They could air a different story with me and give credit there .
Within a few hours the reporter who did the segment got in touch with me .
He was very apologetic , professional , and courteous .
He said that he regretted the way that it was handled , and would air a segment that night with the address .
I thanked him for making the situation right .
Here 's the new segment that aired :
Pretty cool .
I 'm not concerned with UT coming after me .
It just would n't make sense .
We explored the tunnels 5 years ago , which is more than twice the statute of limitations .
We also did no damage other than the lock .
If they do get in touch with me I would be more than happy to buy them the lock of their choice , though .
After the second time I actually planned on taping a $ 20 inside the tunnel to cover the cost of breaking their lock , but we never went back .
The brother of the United Arab Emirates President has been cleared of charges of torture and rape .
The court found Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan had been drugged and was therefore unaware of his actions .
He was charged with torturing an Afghan business associate in 2004 , by beating him with whips and a plank of wood with a nail inside , striking him with an electric cattle prod and then driving a car over him in the desert .
His defence team argued the sheikh had been drugged by two brothers , who videotaped the beating in order to blackmail him , and said the drugs could cause anger , aggression and loss of memory - leaving him unaware of his actions .
The judge found the sheikh innocent of all charges , while the two brothers have been sentenced to five years in jail .
The Something Awful Forum Goons want to reenact video game scenarios in real life , without having the results in any way resemble the shitty films Gamer and Stay Alive .
We 're talking about replacing those pixelated sprites with actual animals , plants and plumbers , relatable characters who can inspire us all with their heroic quests !
Hang on to your seat , Carl The Shivan .
Get ready for adventures and remarkable feats !
To the brink !
Hungry
Bit unleashes the power of sorcery against his foes .
Raithe confined the body of a demon to this image .
By viewing it , you have caused many deaths .
You can use Shark Summer 's image as a plate , but many people just enjoy looking at it .
What 's that saying ?
" Out of the mouths of babes ? "
Media Matters :
Limbaugh : " What 's wrong with using a dead person 's teeth ?
Are n't the Democrats big into recycling ? "
Responding to Slaughter 's account , which he called the " sob story of the day , Limbaugh stated :
LIMBAUGH :
You know I 'm getting so many people -- this Louise Slaughter comment on the dentures ?
I 'm getting so many people -- this is big .
I mean , that gets a one - time mention for a laugh , but there are people out there that think this is huge because it 's so stupid .
I mean , for example , well , what 's wrong with using a dead person 's teeth ?
Are n't the Democrats big into recycling ?
Save the planet ?
And so what ?
So if you do n't have any teeth , so what ?
What 's applesauce for ?
Is n't that why they make applesauce ?
Limbaugh previously told a caller who could not afford the $ 6,000 it would cost to treat a broken wrist that he " should n't have broken [ his ] wrist . "
The tea party movement is a large , fractious confederation of Americans who are defined by what they are against .
They are against the concentrated power of the educated class .
They believe big government , big business , big media and the affluent professionals are merging to form self - serving oligarchy  with bloated government , unsustainable deficits , high taxes and intrusive regulation .
The tea party movement is mostly famous for its flamboyant fringe .
But it is now more popular than either major party .
According to the NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll , 41 percent of Americans have a positive view of the tea party movement .
Only 35 percent of Americans have a positive view of the Democrats and only 28 percent have a positive view of the Republican Party .
The movement is especially popular among independents .
The Rasmussen organization asked independent voters whom they would support in a generic election between a Democrat , a Republican and a tea party candidate .
The tea party candidate won , with 33 percent of independents .
Undecided came in second with 30 percent .
The Democrats came in third with 25 percent and the Republicans fourth with 12 percent .
Over the course of this year , the tea party movement will probably be transformed .
Right now , it is an amateurish movement with mediocre leadership .
But several bright and polished politicians , like Marco Rubio of Florida and Gary Johnson of New Mexico , are unofficially competing to become its de facto leader .
If they succeed , their movement is likely to outgrow its crude beginnings and become a major force in American politics .
After all , it represents arguments that are deeply rooted in American history .
The Obama administration is premised on the conviction that pragmatic federal leaders with professional expertise should have the power to implement programs to solve the country ’s problems .
Many Americans do not have faith in that sort of centralized expertise or in the political class generally .
Moreover , the tea party movement has passion .
Think back on the recent decades of American history  the way the hippies defined the 1960s ; the feminists , the 1970s ; the Christian conservatives , the 1980s .
American history is often driven by passionate outsiders who force themselves into the center of American life .
In the near term , the tea party tendency will dominate the Republican Party .
It could be the ruin of the party , pulling it in an angry direction that suburban voters will not tolerate .
But do n’t underestimate the deep reservoirs of public disgust .
If there is a double - dip recession , a long period of stagnation , a fiscal crisis , a terrorist attack or some other major scandal or event , the country could demand total change , creating a vacuum that only the tea party movement and its inheritors would be in a position to fill .
Personally , I ’m not a fan of this movement .
But I can certainly see its potential to shape the coming decade .
Antion M.D.
Hou L .
Wong H .
Hoeffer C.A .
Klann E. mGluR - dependent long - term depression is associated with increased phosphorylation of S6 and synthesis of elongation factor 1A but remains expressed in S6 K - deficient mice .
Mol. Cell. Biol . 28 : 2996-3007 View in Article Scopus ( 45 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Banko J.L .
Hou L .
Poulin F .
Sonenberg N.
Klann E. Regulation of eukaryotic initiation factor 4E by converging signaling pathways during metabotropic glutamate receptor - dependent long - term depression .
J. Neurosci . 26 : 2167-2173 View in Article Scopus ( 122 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Bear M.F .
Linden D.J.
The mechanisms and meaning of long - term synaptic depression in the mammalian brain .
in : Cowan W.M. Sudhof T.C. Stevens C.F. Synapses .
Johns Hopkins University Press , Baltimore : 455-517 View in Article Google Scholar
Bellone C.
Lüscher C. mGluRs induce a long - term depression in the ventral tegmental area that involves a switch of the subunit composition of AMPA receptors .
Eur. J. Neurosci . 21 : 1280-1288 View in Article Scopus ( 59 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Berry - Kravis E .
Sumis A .
Hervey C.
Nelson M.
Porges S.W .
Weng N .
Weiler I.J.
Greenough W.T. Open - label treatment trial of lithium to target the underlying defect in fragile X syndrome .
J. Dev. Behav. Pediatr . 29 : 293-302 View in Article Scopus ( 92 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Berry - Kravis E .
Hessl D.
Coffey S.
Hervey C.
Schneider A .
Yuhas J.
Hutchison J.
Snape M .
Tranfaglia M.
Nguyen D.V .
Hagerman R. A pilot open label , single dose trial of fenobam in adults with fragile X syndrome .
J. Med. Genet. 46 : 266-271 View in Article Scopus ( 162 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Bolshakov V.Y .
Siegelbaum S.A. Postsynaptic induction and presynaptic expression of hippocampal long - term depression .
Science .
264 : 1148-1152 View in Article PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Calabresi P .
Ascone C.M .
Centonze D.
Pisani A .
Sancesario G.
D'Angelo V .
Bernardi G. Opposite membrane potential changes induced by glucose deprivation in striatal spiny neurons and in large aspiny interneurons .
J. Neurosci . 17 : 1940 - 1949 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Choi S .
Lovinger D.M. Decreased frequency but not amplitude of quantal synaptic responses associated with expression of corticostriatal long - term depression .
J. Neurosci . 17 : 8613 -8620 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Chuang S.C .
Zhao W .
Bauchwitz R.
Yan Q .
Bianchi R .
Wong R.K.
Prolonged epileptiform discharges induced by altered group I metabotropic glutamate receptor - mediated synaptic responses in hippocampal slices of a fragile X mouse model .
J. Neurosci. 25 : 8048-8055 View in Article Scopus ( 99 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Cole A.E .
Nicoll R.A. Acetylcholine mediates a slow synaptic potential in hippocampal pyramidal cells .
Science .
221 : 1299-1301 View in Article PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Davidkova G.
Carroll R.C. Characterization of the role of microtubule - associated protein 1B in metabotropic glutamate receptor - mediated endocytosis of AMPA receptors in hippocampus .
J. Neurosci . 27 : 13273-13278 View in Article Scopus ( 46 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Fitzjohn S.M .
Kingston A.E .
Lodge D.
Collingridge G.L. DHPG - induced LTD in area CA1 of juvenile rat hippocampus ; characterisation and sensitivity to novel mGlu receptor antagonists .
Neuropharmacology .
38 : 1577-1583 View in Article Scopus ( 98 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Fitzjohn S.M .
Palmer M.J.
May J.E .
Neeson A .
Morris S.A .
Collingridge G.L.
A characterisation of long - term depression induced by metabotropic glutamate receptor activation in the rat hippocampus in vitro .
J. Physiol .
537 : 421-430 View in Article Scopus ( 107 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Fourgeaud L.
Mato S .
Bouchet D.
Hémar A .
Worley P.F.
Manzoni O.J.
A single in vivo exposure to cocaine abolishes endocannabinoid - mediated long - term depression in the nucleus accumbens .
J. Neurosci. 24 : 6939-6945 View in Article Scopus ( 91 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Gallagher S.M .
Daly C.A .
Bear M.F .
Huber K.M. Extracellular signal - regulated protein kinase activation is required for metabotropic glutamate receptor - dependent long - term depression in hippocampal area CA1 .
J. Neurosci. 24 : 4859 -4864 View in Article Scopus ( 129 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Gerdeman G.L .
Ronesi J.
Lovinger D.M. Postsynaptic endocannabinoid release is critical to long - term depression in the striatum .
Nat. Neurosci . 5 : 446-451 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Grueter B.A .
Gosnell H.B.
Olsen C.M .
Schramm - Sapyta N.L .
Nekrasova T.
Landreth G.E .
Winder D.G. Extracellular - signal regulated kinase 1 - dependent metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 - induced long - term depression in the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis is disrupted by cocaine administration .
J. Neurosci. 26 : 3210-3219 View in Article Scopus ( 57 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Guzowski J.F .
Miyashita T.
Chawla M.K .
Sanderson J.
Maes L.I .
Houston F.P .
Lipa P .
McNaughton B.L .
Worley P.F.
Barnes C.A. Recent behavioral history modifies coupling between cell activity and Arc gene transcription in hippocampal CA1 neurons .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA .
103 : 1077 -1082 View in Article Scopus ( 63 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Haber S.N .
Fudge J.L.
McFarland N.R. Striatonigrostriatal pathways in primates form an ascending spiral from the shell to the dorsolateral striatum .
J. Neurosci. 20 : 2369-2382 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Hagerman R.J.
Berry - Kravis E .
Kaufmann W.E .
Ono M.Y .
Tartaglia N.
Lachiewicz A .
Kronk R .
Delahunty C.
Hessl D.
Visootsak J.
et al .
Advances in the treatment of fragile X syndrome .
Pediatrics .
123 : 378-390 View in Article Scopus ( 162 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Hernandez - Lopez S .
Tkatch T .
Perez - Garci E .
Galarraga E .
Bargas J.
Hamm H .
Surmeier D.J. D2 dopamine receptors in striatal medium spiny neurons reduce L - type Ca2 + currents and excitability via a novel PLC [ beta ]
1 - IP3 - calcineurin - signaling cascade .
J. Neurosci. 20 : 8987-8995 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Huang F .
Chotiner J.K .
Steward O .
The mRNA for elongation factor 1 alpha is localized in dendrites and translated in response to treatments that induce long - term depression .
J. Neurosci. 25 : 7199-7209 View in Article Scopus ( 59 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Kamikubo Y .
Egashira Y .
Tanaka T .
Shinoda Y .
Tominaga - Yoshino K .
Ogura A. Long - lasting synaptic loss after repeated induction of LTD : independence to the means of LTD induction .
Eur. J. Neurosci . 24 : 1606 -1616 View in Article Scopus ( 16 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Kano M .
Hashimoto K .
Tabata T. Type - 1 metabotropic glutamate receptor in cerebellar Purkinje cells : a key molecule responsible for long - term depression , endocannabinoid signalling and synapse elimination .
Philos .
Trans .
R. Soc. Lond. B Biol .
Sci. 363 : 2173-2186 View in Article Scopus ( 35 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Karachot L.
Shirai Y .
Vigot R .
Yamamori T .
Ito M. Induction of long - term depression in cerebellar Purkinje cells requires a rapidly turned over protein .
J. Neurophysiol .
86 : 280-289 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Kemp N .
Bashir Z.I. Induction of LTD in the adult hippocampus by the synaptic activation of AMPA / kainate and metabotropic glutamate receptors .
Neuropharmacology .
38 : 495-504 View in Article Scopus ( 93 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Kleppisch T .
Voigt V .
Allmann R .
Offermanns S. G( alpha ) q - deficient mice lack metabotropic glutamate receptor - dependent long - term depression but show normal long - term potentiation in the hippocampal CA1 region .
J. Neurosci. 21 : 4943-4948 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Knoflach F .
Mutel V .
Jolidon S.
Kew J.N .
Malherbe P .
Vieira E .
Wichmann J.
Kemp J.A. Positive allosteric modulators of metabotropic glutamate 1 receptor : characterization , mechanism of action , and binding site .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA . 98 : 13402-13407 View in Article Scopus ( 169 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Link W .
Konietzko U.
Kauselmann G.
Krug M .
Schwanke B .
Frey U .
Kuhl D. Somatodendritic expression of an immediate early gene is regulated by synaptic activity .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA . 92 : 5734-5738 View in Article Scopus ( 353 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Lu Y.M .
Jia Z .
Janus C.
Henderson J.T .
Gerlai R .
Wojtowicz J.M.
Roder J.C.
Mice lacking metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 show impaired learning and reduced CA1 long - term potentiation ( LTP ) but normal CA3 LTP .
J. Neurosci. 17 : 5196-5205 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Luján R .
Nusser Z .
Roberts J.D.
Shigemoto R.
Somogyi P. Perisynaptic location of metabotropic glutamate receptors mGluR1 and mGluR5 on dendrites and dendritic spines in the rat hippocampus .
Eur. J. Neurosci . 8 : 1488-1500 View in Article PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Lyford G.L .
Yamagata K .
Kaufmann W.E .
Barnes C.A .
Sanders L.K .
Copeland N.G .
Gilbert D.J.
Jenkins N.A .
Lanahan A.A .
Worley P.F.
Arc , a growth factor and activity - regulated gene , encodes a novel cytoskeleton - associated protein that is enriched in neuronal dendrites .
Neuron . 14 : 433-445 View in Article PubMed
Abstract
Full Text PDF
Google Scholar
Manahan - Vaughan D. Group 1 and 2 metabotropic glutamate receptors play differential roles in hippocampal long - term depression and long - term potentiation in freely moving rats .
J. Neurosci . 17 : 3303-3311 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Manahan - Vaughan D .
Braunewell K.H. Novelty acquisition is associated with induction of hippocampal long - term depression .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA . 96 : 8739 -8744 View in Article PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Manahan - Vaughan D .
Braunewell K.H.
The metabotropic glutamate receptor , mGluR5 , is a key determinant of good and bad spatial learning performance and hippocampal synaptic plasticity .
Cereb . Cortex . 15 : 1703 - 1713 View in Article Scopus ( 68 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Manahan - Vaughan D .
Kulla A .
Frey J.U. Requirement of translation but not transcription for the maintenance of long - term depression in the CA1 region of freely moving rats .
J. Neurosci. 20 : 8572-8576 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Massey P.V .
Bhabra G .
Cho K .
Brown M.W .
Bashir Z.I. Activation of muscarinic receptors induces protein synthesis - dependent long - lasting depression in the perirhinal cortex .
Eur. J. Neurosci . 14 : 145-152 View in Article PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Merlin L.R .
Bergold P.J.
Wong R.K.
Requirement of protein synthesis for group I mGluR - mediated induction of epileptiform discharges .
J. Neurophysiol . 80 : 989-993 View in Article PubMed
Google Scholar
Naie K .
Manahan - Vaughan D. Regulation by metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 of LTP in the dentate gyrus of freely moving rats : relevance for learning and memory formation .
Cereb . Cortex . 14 : 189-198 View in Article Scopus ( 91 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Narayanan U .
Nalavadi V .
Nakamoto M.
Pallas D.C.
Ceman S .
Bassell G.J.
Warren S.T. FMRP phosphorylation reveals an immediate - early signaling pathway triggered by group I mGluR and mediated by PP2A .
J. Neurosci. 27 : 14349-14357 View in Article Scopus ( 85 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Nosyreva E.D .
Huber K.M. Metabotropic receptor - dependent long - term depression persists in the absence of protein synthesis in the mouse model of fragile X syndrome .
J. Neurophysiol . 95 : 3291-3295 View in Article Scopus ( 134 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Ons S .
Martí O .
Armario A. Stress - induced activation of the immediate early gene Arc ( activity - regulated cytoskeleton - associated protein ) is restricted to telencephalic areas in the rat brain : relationship to c - fos mRNA .
J. Neurochem . 89 : 1111 -1118 View in Article Scopus ( 48 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Palmer M.J.
Irving A.J.
Seabrook G.R .
Jane D.E .
Collingridge G.L .
The group I mGlu receptor agonist DHPG induces a novel form of LTD in the CA1 region of the hippocampus .
Neuropharmacology .
36 : 1517 -1532 View in Article Scopus ( 184 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Romano C.
Sesma M.A .
McDonald C.T .
O'Malley K .
Van den Pol A.N .
Olney J.W. Distribution of metabotropic glutamate receptor mGluR5 immunoreactivity in rat brain .
J. Comp. Neurol .
355 : 455-469 View in Article PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Ronesi J.A .
Huber K.M. Metabotropic glutamate receptors and fragile x mental retardation protein : partners in translational regulation at the synapse .
Sci. Signal . 1 : pe6 View in Article Scopus ( 45 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Rong R .
Ahn J.Y .
Huang H .
Nagata E .
Kalman D.
Kapp J.A .
Tu J .
Worley P.F.
Snyder S.H .
Ye K. PI3 kinase enhancer - Homer complex couples mGluRI to PI3 kinase , preventing neuronal apoptosis .
Nat. Neurosci . 6 : 1153-1161 View in Article Scopus ( 149 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Schnabel R.
Kilpatrick I.C .
Collingridge G.L .
An investigation into signal transduction mechanisms involved in DHPG - induced LTD in the CA1 region of the hippocampus .
Neuropharmacology .
38 : 1585-1596 View in Article Scopus ( 49 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Schoch S .
Castillo P.E .
Jo T .
Mukherjee K .
Geppert M .
Wang Y .
Schmitz F .
Malenka R.C .
Südhof T.C. RIM1 alpha forms a protein scaffold for regulating neurotransmitter release at the active zone .
Nature .
415 : 321-326 View in Article Scopus ( 313 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Shankar G.M .
Li S .
Mehta T.H .
Garcia - Munoz A .
Shepardson N.E .
Smith I .
Brett F.M .
Farrell M.A .
Rowan M.J.
Lemere C.A .
et al .
Amyloid - beta protein dimers isolated directly from Alzheimer 's brains impair synaptic plasticity and memory .
Nat. Med. 14 : 837-842 View in Article Scopus ( 1187 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Shigemoto R .
Nakanishi S .
Mizuno N. Distribution of the mRNA for a metabotropic glutamate receptor ( mGluR1 ) in the central nervous system : an in situ hybridization study in adult and developing rat .
J. Comp. Neurol .
322 : 121-135 View in Article Scopus ( 379 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Shinoe T .
Matsui M .
Taketo M.M.
Manabe T. Modulation of synaptic plasticity by physiological activation of M1 muscarinic acetylcholine receptors in the mouse hippocampus .
J. Neurosci . 25 : 11194-11200 View in Article Scopus ( 108 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Steinberg J.P.
Huganir R.L .
Linden D.J. N-ethylmaleimide - sensitive factor is required for the synaptic incorporation and removal of AMPA receptors during cerebellar long - term depression .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA .
101 : 18212-18216 View in Article Scopus ( 41 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Volk L.J .
Daly C.A .
Huber K.M. Differential roles for group 1 mGluR subtypes in induction and expression of chemically induced hippocampal long - term depression .
J. Neurophysiol . 95 : 2427-2438 View in Article Scopus ( 70 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Volk L.J .
Pfeiffer B.E .
Gibson J.R .
Huber K.M. Multiple Gq - coupled receptors converge on a common protein synthesis - dependent long - term depression that is affected in fragile X syndrome mental retardation .
J. Neurosci . 27 : 11624-11634 View in Article Scopus ( 82 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Weiler I.J.
Irwin S.A .
Klintsova A.Y .
Spencer C.M .
Brazelton A.D.
Miyashiro K .
Comery T.A .
Patel B .
Eberwine J.
Greenough W.T. Fragile X mental retardation protein is translated near synapses in response to neurotransmitter activation .
Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA . 94 : 5395 -5400 View in Article Scopus ( 407 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
Yan Q.J.
Rammal M .
Tranfaglia M.
Bauchwitz R.P. Suppression of two major Fragile X Syndrome mouse model phenotypes by the mGluR5 antagonist MPEP .
Neuropharmacology .
49 : 1053 -1066 View in Article Scopus ( 264 )
PubMed
Crossref
Google Scholar
While content providers intend to bring Hulu to the iPad , the TV streaming service would likely be offered by subscription only on Apple 's new hardware , according to a new report .
Citing people familiar with the company , which is owned by three of the largest U.S. broadcast networks , Peter Kafka of MediaMemo reported Friday that the service , which is free for Web users , will likely be pay - only for the iPad .
He said the " most likely scenario " would involve some sort of subscription package .
Hulu has been rumored for months to be exploring some sort of subscription plan to help the Web site turn a profit .
Sources reportedly said the company is still unsure of the approach it will take with its anticipated premium service , and those issues would need to be resolved before an iPad plan could be made official .
Among the problems for Hulu would be Adobe Flash .
Last week , the media
Web site was rumored to be working on an iPad - friendly version of its
Web site , which would operate without Flash .
Given all of the hurdles that lie in front of the service , Kafka said it 's " very unlikely " that Hulu would launch its subscription plan or have a presence on the iPad when it launches at the end of March .
But he noted that Apple would " love it " if Hulu could meet that tight timeframe .
" A rumor that the service would launch alongside the iPad surfaced in the wake of Steve Jobs ' New York media tour earlier this month , " he wrote .
" And I do n't think thatâs a coincidence .
But I do n't think that makes it so , either . "
Debra Medina dug herself a pretty big hole yesterday by appearing to suggest that she 's a truther .
Well , in the process of digging out of that hole , she may have dug herself another one .
In an interview with KAVU in Victoria , Medina said that asking questions about the 9/11 Commission report is as legitimate as asking questions about Obama 's birth certificate .
See for yourselves :
The anchorman comes right out and accuses Medina of trolling in " conspiracy theory . "
Although Medina is taking a well - deserved beating for her hedge on Glenn Beck 's show , this other interview is n't getting nearly as much play .
It proves that Medina makes Sarah Palin look halfway reasonable .
Now that 's bad , brother .
The 2020 Virtual LLVM Developers ' Meeting Program
Tanya Lattner
#LLVM Foundation
5 minutes read The LLVM Foundation is excited to announce the 2020 Virtual LLVM Developers ’ Meeting program !
Registration will open this week .
Keynote : Undef and Poison : Present and Future - J. Lee Technical
Talks : Read more …
Announcing the new LLVM Foundation Board
Tanya Lattner
#LLVM Foundation Board
7 minutes read The LLVM Foundation is pleased to announce its new Board of Directors , which includes : Kit Barton Kristof Beyls Mike Edwards ( Treasurer ) Hal Finkel Cyndy Ishida Anton Korobeynikov Tanya Lattner ( President ) Chris Lattner Tom Stellard ( Secretary )
Three new members and six continuing members were elected to the nine person board .
Read more …
The New Clang _ ExtInt Feature Provides Exact Bitwidth Integer Types
Erich Keane
# Clang
9 minutes read Author : Erich Keane , Compiler Frontend Engineer , Intel Corporation Earlier this month I finally committed a patch to implement the extended - integer type class , _ExtInt after nearly two and a half years of design and implementation .
Read more …
Deterministic builds with clang and lld
Nico Weber
#lld , # Clang
15 minutes read Deterministic builds can lower continuous integration costs and give you more confidence in your build and test process .
This post outlines what it means for a build to be deterministic , the advantages of deterministic builds , and how to achieve them using LLVM tools .
Read more …
Closing the gap : cross-language LTO between Rust and C/C++
Michael Woerister
#LTO
10 minutes read Link time optimization ( LTO ) is LLVM 's way of implementing whole - program optimization .
Cross - language LTO is a new feature in the Rust compiler that enables LLVM 's link time optimization to be performed across a mixed C/C++/ Rust codebase .
Read more …
The LLVM Project is Moving to GitHub
Tanya Lattner
#LLVM Foundation
3 minutes read The LLVM Project is Moving to GitHubAfter several years of discussion and planning , the LLVM project is getting ready to complete the migration of its source code from SVN to GitHub !
Read more …
LLVM and Google Season of Docs
Tanya Lattner
#gosc , #LLVM Foundation
2 minutes read The LLVM Project is pleased to announce that we have been selected to participate in Google ’s Season of Docs !
Our project idea list may be found here : http://llvm.org/SeasonOfDocs.htmlFrom now until May 29th , technical writers are encouraged to review the proposed project ideas and to ask any questions you have on our gsdocs@llvm .
Read more …
LLVM Numerics Blog
Michael Berg
#numerics
8 minutes read Keywords : Numerics , Clang , LLVM-IR , : 2019 LLVM Developers ' Meeting , LLVMDevMtg .
The goal of this blog post is to start a discussion about numerics in LLVM – where we are , recent work and things that remain to be done .
Read more …
Ms Hanson has been held responsible for politicising immigration policy Australian former anti-immigration politician Pauline Hanson is selling up and heading to Britain , according to an interview with an Australian magazine .
She told Women 's Day that Australia was no longer a land of opportunity and she had " had enough " of living there .
Ms Hanson built a career on claims that Australia was being " swamped by Asians "
She was jailed briefly for fraud before the conviction was quashed .
Her efforts to stage a political comeback in recent years have failed .
" I 'm going to be away indefinitely .
It 's pretty much goodbye forever , " said Ms Hanson , 56 .
" I 've really had enough .
I want peace in my life .
I want contentment , and that 's what I 'm aiming for . "
She told the magazine she would " never be given a chance to re-enter parliament " and wanted to " get out there " while she still had her health .
" Sadly , the land of opportunity is no more applicable , " she said , blaming high taxes , over - regulation and a " lack of true representation " .
Ms Hanson 's father was born in England before emigrating to Australia , meaning she has the right to live in the UK .
' Swamped ' Opposition Leader Tony Abbott said he was disappointed by Ms Hanson 's decision but that it was her decision to make .
" There was a time when she articulated a cry of rage from a section of the Australian population , " the Herald Sun newspaper quoted Mr Abbott as saying .
" But that time has passed and she 's now chosen to go in different directions and that 's her right . "
Ms Hanson was popular with some Australians in the 1990s with her anti-immigration and trade protection policies , before losing her seat in 1998 .
At its peak , her One Nation party attracted a million votes .
In 2007 , she ran unsuccessfully for a national Senate seat , switching her target from Asians to Islam and calling for an end to immigration by Muslims to protect " Australian culture " .
Last year , Hanson blamed her failure in the Queensland state election on the publication of raunchy photos purportedly taken by an ex-boyfriend .
The pictures turned out not to be of her .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scientists and engineers from UCL are using an innovative web tool to share their expertise help Haiti 's earthquake victims .
They have helped to develop the Virtual Disaster Viewer ( VDV ) , a unique web portal that aid agencies rely on to target emergency food and medical supplies , prioritise repairs to infrastructure , and plan reconstruction and recovery .
UCL 's contingent are among the hundreds of earthquake scientists and engineers working with the VDV to access high - resolution ' before and after ' satellite and aerial photos of the disaster zone .
Each expert is assigned a number of kilometre grids for damage assessment , with an area of over 300 square kilometres covered in all .
The satellite and aerial photos show details down to the level of individual buildings , cars , vegetation and even folds in tents in temporary encampments .
The experts then submit detailed assessments about the type and extent of damage caused to buildings , roads , bridges and other key infrastructure , and of where refugees are congregating .
The VDV collates this information to build up a master map of the damage and dislocation caused across the whole disaster zone .
It can also integrate aerial intelligence with detailed ground - based photos as it allows field reconnaissance teams to upload photos in real - time .
The data can be accessed through any internet - connected device .
Dr Tiziana Rossetto , who is based at UCL Civil , Environmental and Geomatic Engineering and leader of the university 's Earthquake People and Interaction Centre , has played a leading role in the development of the VDV .
She said : " This is an excellent example of how research can be developed into an end - product capable of delivering tangible humanitarian benefits in a real - life crisis of shocking proportions . "
Click on the media player below to hear Dr Rossetto discuss her work on the VDV
This use of the VDV is being funded by the World Bank and co-ordinated by ImageCat , a US - and UK - based company providing advanced technologies for risk and disaster management .
ImageCat's UK Director Beverley Adams , who did her first degree and PhD at UCL Geography , said : " The VDV enables rapid mobilisation of leading - edge global expertise for rapid and detailed interpretation of earthquake damage .
For relief agencies dealing with an appalling tragedy like the Haiti earthquake , speed is of the essence .
Working with the World Bank , we 're confident that the VDV is making a real difference in helping to bring desperately needed aid to Haiti 's shattered community . "
The VDV , whose development was supported by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council , is also suitable for use in disaster situations such as hurricanes , tsunamis and floods .
For more information about the VDV follow the link above .
Dr Rossetto will discuss her work on the VDV in a Channel 4 documentary Haiti's Killer Quake : Why It Happened , which airs at 9 pm on Tuesday 2 February .
Image : satellite picture of Haiti in the VDV with red points showing sites of greatest damage
UCL context
UCL 's Earthquake People and Interaction Centre aims to bring together earthquake engineers , social scientists , coastal engineers and statisticians to provide guidance for key decision makers on where and how to invest resources in order to mitigate effectively for future earthquake losses .
Related stories :
Support Haiti disaster relief through workplace giving
Earthquake experts investigate Italian disaster zone
UCL earthquake expert visits China
By Anna Ochkina , translated by Renfrey Clarke for Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal
[ Rabkor .ru published this reply by Anna Ochkina to a polemical article , “ Masculine and Feminine ” , by Dmitry Zhvaniya .
Anna Ochkina is deputy director of Institute for Globalisation Studies and Social Movements ( IGSO ) and deputy editor of Levaya politika ( Left Politics ) journal .
She is a sociologist based in Penza , where she teaches at the university .
Dmitry Zhvaniya is a journalist , based in St. Petersburg and a founding member of Dvizheniye soprotivleniya imeni Petra Alekseyeva ( the Piotr Alekseyev Resistance Movement ) .
Zhvaniya 's article " Muzhskoe i zhenskoe " ( " Masculine and Feminine " ) is available ( in Russian ) at http://www.rabkor.ru/debate/3933.html.]
* * *
I live in a world constructed by men .
I realise I have to put up with this , though sometimes it ’s difficult and even painful .
Yes , the struggle with gender , or against gender , is pointless and stupid .
Yes , I like being a woman , and I ca n’t imagine a life for myself without men .
But the things that many people , including me , find irritating in feminism arose not out of hysteria , but as a reaction ( not always an appropriate one ) to the harshness of the rules in our world , which is not ours .
Often this is a cry of despair , and it deserves understanding , not irony , ridicule , contempt or aggression .
This is why attacks on feminism irritate me so much .
Actually , I agree with a great deal of what Dmitry Zhvaniya writes .
It ’s true that when women come to power , this power does n’t automatically become humane and effective .
There are no special qualities of kindness and gentleness belonging to all women without exception , and the concepts of “ women in general ” and “ men in general ” are simply impossible to analyse .
I have personally mocked such attempts , which are made constantly by the authors of fashionable textbooks on feminology , gender politics and so forth .
I share Dmitry ’s dislike for dogmatism and for the unscientific approach that many feminists adopt .
Nevertheless , I have three objections .
In the first place , he speaks of feminism in general , while criticising only particular forms , trends and positions within it .
That is , he rejects feminism in principle , and even ridicules it .
Meanwhile , feminism has acted as an ideology of women ’s emancipation and as a sociological theory allowing a fuller study of various aspects of social behaviour , including gender in the analysis as an organic characteristic of the individual .
Second , Dmitry reduces sexual discrimination to the status of an economic phenomenon , and it seems , considers it no longer worthy of mention .
This is simply not the case .
The simple truth is that sexual discrimination is now more diverse , subtle and profound than before formal equality of the sexes was achieved .
Third , Dmitry , to judge from everything , maintains that the distortions and exaggerations of feminist theory and rhetoric are linked – solely – to the personal characteristics of the author of one or another discourse .
But the distortions and exaggerations and radical outbursts are also results of the pressures which are very clearly felt by women , but which at times are so difficult to prove .
These exaggerations can be mocked , and perhaps angrily rejected , but they also play a positive role , drawing the attention of society to acute problems , radicalising public opinion for a time and , as a result , overturning one or another stereotype .
The pressure is thus lessened .
This is the vein in which I write when I address the question of what feminism means for me personally .
Even if men cannot agree among themselves about property and status , and if they oppress or kill each other , there is a great deal in our lives that is subject to regular streams of testosterone .
Laws are changed and the frameworks within which women can decide their fates are shifted ; many conquests have already been made , and a great deal has been achieved .
Sometimes it seems that there is no longer anything left to fight for .
The cries of women for the “ right to orgasm ” , about “ enslavement by child bearing ” or of “ refusal to sleep with the enemy ” , the comical struggle against sexual harassment at work or male chauvinism seem amusing even to most women .
Suddenly , however , you ’ll be told , “ But you ’re a woman ” , and some door will be closed in front of you , while some other , of which you ’ve no need whatever , is obligingly opened .
People let your ideas and thoughts , which you ’re convinced ( or more precisely , used to be convinced ) are important and interesting , pass by their ears ; then they unexpectedly ask you , very politely , to go and make some coffee .
You ’re left as the “ eternal deputy ” , because “ you ’re a woman after all , you do n’t need a career as much , you ’ll be busy with your family ” .
Your boss remains someone who needs a career , and who is n’t preoccupied with his family .
Additional work gets placed on you because your boss is n’t capable of performing it , despite being of the “ appropriate ” sex .
People “ fail to notice ” your professional observations and suggestions , swiftly claiming them as their own , and in the meantime paying you compliments such as “ Ah , what eyes you have ! ”
Three Ks
The person closest to you , irritated by the fact that you ’re constantly so busy and at the way you ’re distracted by “ side issues ” , will suddenly deny you the right to search for yourself ( “ you ’ve a family ” ) .
On the whole , this person will be right ; the children do n’t see enough of you , the home ’s a mess , you do n’t pay enough attention to your husband , and somehow the two of you have n’t managed to agree on equality in everyday life and life in general .
And what is there to agree about ?
The family , the home – that ’s your “ natural destiny ” , since you ’re a woman after all .
There ca n’t be any talk of your inalienable right to go on your own creative quest , or of the fact that he does n’t subject his own life so rigidly to the rhythm of family life .
He ’s a man !
Of course , it ’s possible to break through all this ; formal equality really can be achieved .
It ’s possible to break through and to prove that your ideas are interesting , that you have the right to pursue your quest , and that it is n’t your preordained fate to be the deputy .
So I ’m not saying it ca n’t be done .
I do n’t even argue that all this is easy for men .
I ’m simply saying that along with the dictates of society and circumstances , women are subject to the dictate of gender .
And any movement in the direction of career matters , toward freedom , toward yourself , is more difficult for women than it is for men in similar circumstances .
Women might swim in the same water , in the same style and for the same distance .
But they always swim with a weight around their feet .
Nevertheless , it is your gender that always claims the right to decide your fate .
The three Ks [ in German , Kinder , Kirche , Küche – children , church and kitchen ] , supposedly outmoded for today ’s women , lie in wait for them , entice them , tempt them with the “ eternal ” and “ traditional ” .
Let ’s suppose that women do n’t want to lead .
Fine – this speaks well of them .
But what interests me is how voluntary this “ do n’t want to ” really is .
Then , let ’s note that in order to make a professional career for yourself , you do n’t have to become a leader .
But for your professional growth , the three Ks are no help either .
Clever , progressive males , in witty and picturesque terms , mock the absurdity of women ’s struggle for independence .
“ What are they fighting for ?
They ’re hysterical !
Bourgeois provocateurs ! ”
Or : “ A woman is born to be a mother and wife .
Her place , and her natural environment , is in the home .
Only degenerates protest against this . ”
And sometimes , as with Dmitry Zhvaniya , these positions are curiously combined in a single vessel , sorry , text .
While talking of the socially determined , even artificial character of gender conflict , Dmitry at the end of his article suddenly declares , “ The patriarchal traditions of society according to which women are taught that their normal environment is the home , and that they should feel an attachment to domestic tasks , are a vestige of women ’s ‘ ancestral history ’ ” , and later : “ The antagonism between men and women is rooted in their physiology , in their sexual nature , and in the social history of the sexes .
Even if a unified race were to emerge in the future , as Lenin dreamed , a unified sex would not appear .
When vulgar prejudices concerning the role of men and the role of women are destroyed in revolutionary fashion , the genuine meaning of the sexes and the purpose of the division into masculine and feminine will be revealed once again . ”
Natural ?
Here , I simply do not understand : is there , after all , an antagonism ?
Not the division of labour , roles and functions , and the differences associated with this , but a real antagonism , that is , an irreconcilable contradiction ?
In my view , the purpose of the division into masculine and feminine is understandable even now , before a revolution occurs .
There is no natural , biological antagonism between them ; they are complementary .
“ That ’s what nature intended … ” Where such contradictions and ruptures exist is in the social forms through which these biological differences are perceived .
The supposedly natural character of domestic and maternal affairs for women is a marvellous piece of ideology .
While men are perhaps still capable of understanding a dislike for housework , they fail to comprehend , and do not want to comprehend , the stresses of motherhood .
This is natural , instinctive – and so , the question is off the agenda .
But the “ instinctive ” , biological character of maternal feelings is greatly exaggerated .
Yulian Semenov in his saga about Stirlitz has the radio operator Kate remark , “ You have to learn everything … even how to cook an omelette … but you do n’t have to learn motherhood . ”
This myth is widely propagated , and disputing it is almost impossible .
All the same , it ’s a myth .
People have to learn everything , especially how to bear and raise a human being .
These are social processes , tied up in large measure with conscious decisions .
Getting these matters right is difficult ; it requires knowledge and ability , social experience and emotional maturity .
It does n’t happen without mistakes , despair or feelings of helplessness .
Women are not spared this , any more than men .
And on the whole , individual differences are no less important here than those of gender .
My sister , a biologist by profession , left me quite shocked by relating that in laboratory rats the maternal instinct is not uniformly developed ; they behave differently during pregnancy , and look after their pups in different fashions .
The entire litters of some rat mothers can die from poor care , while in the case of others even weak pups survive .
Even rats are individual in this most ancient and powerful instinct , that of reproduction .
So are women really sentenced by nature to the familiar Kinder , Kirche , Küche ?
Sure , there is some hypothetical , statistically average woman who is used to looking after her family and home , but there is nothing “ innate ” or “ natural ” about this .
The way women are shut up in the framework of housework and private life is a social and historical phenomenon , which dissipates very quickly when a woman gets the chance to study , to realise herself professionally , and to create .
No , I assure you , there has never been anything instinctive or innate to attract women to the kitchen , to force them to cook , wash dishes , clean stoves and toilet bowls , buy groceries on a daily or weekly basis , and perform innumerable unnoticed but essential domestic tasks .
There is nothing natural , and hence immutable , that would allow a woman whose life revolves around housework and caring for a family to receive more pleasure from this than would a man with a comparable level of education and of intellectual and emotional development .
It was not with the sexual revolution or some unseemly emancipation , with radical fashion ( as Dmitry writes ) , that the emergence of the second wave of feminism in the West was bound up .
Rather , it was with the fact that the “ curse of the three Ks ” , which effectively kept women within the bounds of housework and “ women ’s destiny ” , had survived even though discriminatory rules had formally been abolished .
Women do not have any innate attachment to the home , just as men are not destined by nature to chase after profits .
Nor are women doomed by nature to a restricted existence within an eternal round of everyday chores , just as men are not in every case drawn by their abilities and biology toward creative endeavour .
Nor is there any innate conflict of the sexes , since there are no mechanisms of exploitation or acquisitiveness in human nature .
I risk arousing the indignation of male readers , but in the US , for instance , the propaganda of even the most absurd feminist slogans has played a positive role .
It has enabled the rise of a model of partnership in the behaviour of couples within the family , with the career , friends and extrafamilial cares and concerns of the man no longer having automatic priority .
So far , at least this much has been achieved .
A university professor might arrive at an evening get - together with colleagues bringing his three - month - old son in a basket , because his wife has urgent work – and everyone accepts this as normal .
A sociologist from Nebraska flies off to a conference in San Francisco with his virtually newborn daughter , since his wife is preparing to go to work , needs to replace her work uniform , and cannot stay alone with the child .
His colleague from New York has flown in with his four sons , since his wife has traditionally devoted these days to catching up with university friends .
He has brought the two children they have in common , and her son from her first marriage , while his ex-wife has entrusted his son from his first marriage to him , since these are his “ fatherhood days ” .
I ’ve chatted with these men myself , and have found them astonished at my surprise .
“ But you ’ve also left children behind ! ” they say .
Yes , but my mother is with them .
I know a great many women who have foregone many things in their professions , careers and simply in life “ in the name of ” their husbands and children , who have become lost in the three Ks. Very often they have acted in the way they were programmed to act , and have realised it too late .
Feminism , especially in its reasoned , considered forms , also faces this task , of breaking with the programs .
Are men really afraid of this very thing ?
It can not be !
Women ’s oppression ` extends far beyond the bounds of the working class ’
I would like to make clear what is concealed beneath the concepts of the oppression of women and of discrimination against them , just how keenly women from the educated , financially secure strata of society feel their inequality .
Within the framework of Marxist analysis , from the positions of left ideology , it is considered right to feel sympathy for women workers , for their burdensome work and lower pay compared to men .
But inequality between women and men extends far beyond the bounds of the working class .
Certainly , women from the nobility and the educated strata did not die of hunger or overwork , and did not fall into complete destitution .
But women as a whole were deprived of the main thing – the possibility of ordering their lives in accordance with the needs of their individual personalities .
From women ’s very birth , moreover , these requirements took a tightly restricted form .
In essence , they were reduced to one thing : to get married , if possible advantageously .
Just that : not to meet your man and fall in love with him , not to bear and raise happy children , not to make a life for yourself according to the principles of love and partnership , but to make a match .
Otherwise , there was the miserable and humiliating existence of the governess , the lady ’s companion , the hanger - on , “ kept woman ” , and so forth .
Here too , of course , money had a corrective function .
A wealthy and distinguished woman had opportunities to shift the bounds of her existence , though this did not mean that these bounds ceased to exist .
If , for example , you were used as a voiceless pawn in a dynastic power play , given in marriage to a man whom you not only did not love , but had never set eyes on , this was unfortunate .
I do not , however , propose to grieve for wealthy noblewomen .
Let us consider what happened to women somewhat lower on the social scale , somewhere between the “ daughters of Germinal ” and Maria Stuart .
If you did not inherit great wealth and were not interesting from a dynastic point of view , you were forced to wait until someone turned their attention to you .
With the comic readiness of a Tolstoyan heroine ( of his beloved Natasha or attractive Kitty Shcherbatskaya , for example ) , you had to fall in love with anyone , or almost anyone , who formed “ serious intentions ” in relation to you .
You had to joyfully accept the proposal of a man of any qualities , and reconcile yourself to anything he might do with you , your life , your body and your money .
Or almost anything .
If you were so bold as to fall in love , to trust the man and to enter into a relationship with him without the obligatory ties of wedlock , and then to give birth to a child as well , you fell irretrievably in the eyes of society .
Your seducer , lover , partner – call him what you will – was accepted as before in the salons , could make any match , and could live as before .
You became a pariah forever .
Recall the way the cat Begemot answers Margarita : “ What ’s the boss got to do with it ?
Is he supposed to have strangled children in the forest ? ”
Of course , a woman could write a novel , or become an actress , a revolutionary or great courtesan , breaking free not only from the restrictions of gender , but from all other limits as well .
She could go off proudly and work in a factory , disdaining her own class .
After all , things are not overly comfortable for men either in the world they have created , and they face many , often painful choices .
I am simply trying to show that the exclusion of women from normal social life gave rise to a particular type of discrimination which was superimposed on all other types , making the pressure exerted on women by society , by the social system and by circumstances relatively stronger .
Often , several times over .
Less extreme methods of achieving independence were unavailable .
A woman could not acquire a professional education , or work in a multitude of fields .
Lev Tolstoy was a great supporter of the traditional relationship of the sexes .
Yet he depicted , better than any campaigner for women ’s rights , the tragedy of two gifted and educated women doomed to a woman ’s fate that is not of their choosing .
Two women , because Dolly Oblonskaya , already ageing at thirty - three , bound by duty and social convention to an empty - headed , spendthrift husband , is too clever not to notice the horror of her situation .
She is just as much the victim of “ eternal destiny ” , of duty and propriety , as Anna Karenina .
Dolly remains alive and faithful to her stupid , philandering husband , because she feels her responsibility more strongly , because her upbringing and religion have taught her “ better ” that this is how things must be , and because she has not met her Vronsky .
Nevertheless , Tolstoy constantly depicts the spiritual pain suffered by this quiet , not very noticeable heroine .
Dolly is oppressed by the injustice of the situation in which she is powerless to solve the most important problems of her family , at the same time as she bears all the responsibility for finding solutions .
Repeated pregnancies and childbirth wear her out and prevent her children from being born healthy , and she feels this .
She also understands dimly the injustice of the social conventions that bind her to this enforced motherhood , at the same time as no one shares her solitary grief by the little coffin of her son .
Meanwhile , she can no longer accept this with the quiet fatalism of the peasant woman who talks to her about her dead daughter : “ I used to have a daughter , but the Lord took her , she was buried this last Lent . ”
Dolly now understands and feels more deeply ; she starts analysing her situation , and begins to suffer .
It is also clear to her that the society that makes such demands of women ’s “ honour ” and that is so cruel to “ fallen ” women , is exceedingly lenient to her dissolute husband .
She understands , though not with her mind but with her agitated feelings .
She does not dare to judge , and resigns herself , but she can not stop thinking .
Anna Karenina rises in revolt ( though from passion rather than from a love of freedom ) , and perishes , while Dolly remains true to her class , her sex and her station .
But her story is no less tragic for that .
No one would dispute that poor women suffered far more than daughters of the gentry such as Dolly .
But while women of different social strata were banished from social life in different fashion , they were always banished .
Feminism and class society
As I recall , feminism began above all as a sociological paradigm , arguing for the inclusion in sociological theory of the concept of individuals as men or women .
This approach arose as a reaction to the ignoring , in social theories , of gender as a human characteristic .
Meanwhile , the clear or implicit implication was that the “ individual in general ” was a man .
If a great deal in social reality was to be explained , however , a fuller understanding of the diverse and specific nature of individuals was indispensable , in particular , an understanding of the social essence of their membership in different sexes .
The inclusion of gender among the reasons for individual social experience and status provides the key to a more detailed and profound understanding of social processes , of social behaviour and of the social structure of society .
Biological gender is a basic , inalienable characteristic of the individual .
This approach is especially productive when we come to study social behaviour in particular spheres .
For example , the labour movement and electoral politics , the areas of reproduction and consumer affairs , changes to demographic , employment , political and related cultures – these researches in sociology are now impossible without one or another gender paradigm , developed out of this or that trend in feminist theory .
On this level , however , feminism no longer acts merely as a theoretical principle , but as a so - called middle - level sociological theory , on the basis of which gender studies proper have developed .
Concentrating mainly on the inequality of the sexes , numerous feminist concepts explain these differences in varied fashion , constructing models of social relations and of the distribution of power and influence .
Liberal , Marxist and radical feminism , the theory of dual systems and others analyse the content and causes of women ’s oppression in society from various points of view .
Various interpretations are also offered of the role of men in the system of discrimination against women and of women ’s oppression .
As Dmitry Zhvaniya justly notes , however , attempts to defend “ women in general ” often lead to eccentric positions and even to discrediting the very ideas involved .
Such is the fate of attempts to solve the problem statistically , for example , through measures to reserve a certain number of positions for women in government and legislative organs .
Women in government and in parliaments will not automatically start setting in place “ feminine ” policies ( that is , policies that are more just , even if only in relation to women ) .
Women oligarchs , whose numbers the Russian establishment feminist Maria Arbatova dreams of augmenting , will not refrain from exploiting their property , power and exclusive position , and it is hard to believe they will do this in a more “ refined ” and “ delicate ” manner .
Women old and young , beautiful and hideous , “ butch ” and “ femme ” , frigid and passionate , with many children or none at all , are capable of employing their property , money and power ( when they acquire all this ) in just the same way as men , according to the same rules .
And of course , about male rules – which I describe in this way mainly for reasons of style .
Rules became predominantly male not for biological or physiological reasons , but for social and economic ones .
More precisely , they became male in the process of the formation and development of private property - based society .
Gradually , as they became set in place , these rules took on a cultural form , the players acquired social and psychological traits , a powerful ideology of the ideal Masculine and eternal Feminine arose , and so forth .
For thousands of years the social and economic order has been determined not by the laws of our psyches or of our hormonal backgrounds , but by the laws of private property .
These laws assume the division of society and the conflict of interests according to the principle not of gender but of class .
Historically , feminism has acted not only as a social theory , but also as an ideology of the emancipation of women , and as a real movement for this emancipation .
Initially this struggle was aimed at winning legislative recognition of equality in the economic , political , social and professional spheres .
Feminist theory and ideology , however , are not limited to the demand for legislative solutions to the problems of emancipation ; they seek to define the causes of social restrictions linked to gender , and to find ways of ending them .
The greatest problem facing both feminism and its critics is the fact that the discussion concerns “ women in general ” and “ men in general ” .
This presumes that the common gender identity of members of a particular sex automatically determines every other identity , from the psychological to the political .
Even empirically , however , it is obvious that this is far from true .
Do women have interests in common ?
If so , what does this unity of interests consist in , and what is its basis ?
Women as a class ?
The basis for people ’s membership in a social community or group is their place in the social division of labour , which determines the place they hold in the process of social production , and the form and degree in which they receive their share of social wealth .
This comes directly from Lenin , whose definition of classes in the “ Great Initiative ” has become classic .
On this basis an objective commonality of social interests takes shape .
In recognition of these interests and in their consistent defence , a social grouping or class may act as a political force , influencing authority or winning it .
Is this what happens with women ?
Is there a place in social production occupied exclusively by women ?
When I posed this question rhetorically in a lecture on the sociology of gender , one zealous woman student immediately suggested : “ kindergartens ” .
If this is serious , women have an exclusive role in the process of reproduction , since women produce human beings physically , and in this lies their particular role in the social division of labour .
In human society , I repeat , this is not a question of biology but of the social system and of social relations ; that is , it is a social question .
Women ’s “ natural destiny ” is an almost unquestioned tenet of ideology , beneath which numerous forms of discrimination lie concealed .
In speaking of human reproduction as an area of social production , I have in mind the fact that in human society this process has a social character , and the biological process is simply the mode of its implementation .
The fact that women are locked into the framework of housework and personal life , and their resultant alienation from social and political life , has also brought about discrimination .
Prior to the revolutionary changes of the twentieth century this took the form of direct legal prohibition .
Later , “ trace ” remnants of past discrimination remained in the form of social stereotypes ; of the greater emotional stress for women than for men of having to choose between family and professional or creative activity ; of the demands which society placed on women to be sexually restrained and good mothers , and so forth .
On an individual level , the secluded nature of women ’s lives and the limitations on their destinies could often be overcome , and by no means all women were involved in the process of reproduction .
The essential thing is that this was the sole , unique instance in human history when a natural , inalienable human characteristic served as the basis for social differentiation , defining people ’s place in the social division of labour .
In some variants , the regime of exclusion associated with this place in the division of labour was extended to all women , irrespective of whether they fulfilled their “ natural destiny ” or not .
It is , of course , possible to pursue an analogy with racial and ethnic discrimination , as representatives of “ black ” feminism have done .
Racial discrimination , however , is more readily overcome -- or at least , it is easier to expose and prove it , and hence to end it , even if this comes at the cost of a fierce struggle .
Neither racial nor ethnic antagonism gives rise to self - discrimination , to a painful rift between one ’s nature and one ’s identity ; it does not present people with the problem of having to make a choice here .
Sexual discrimination , meanwhile , compels just such a choice : to be a woman , wife and mother , or to be a professionally capable , creative and free individual , which often means simply to be yourself .
The dictates of “ eternal destiny ” , coming not only from the direction of society but also from one ’s nearest and dearest , result in the alienation of one ’s personality .
To overcome this is possible , but difficult .
Moreover , one needs support , and not just from society in general , but also from a particular male .
And he might turn out to be hostile to feminism .
With the achieving of formal rights , gender discrimination and gender contradictions have not come to an end entirely , and understanding their social and class essence has become much more difficult .
It is precisely since the winning of formal equality of the sexes that notions of a conflict between men and women have begun to dominate within feminism , that the influence of radical feminism has been strengthened , and that the ideas of women ’s sexuality and the right of women to sexual realisation , and so forth , have come to be actively discussed .
The sexual and contraceptive revolution has allowed women to make a decisive advance toward overcoming their “ biological destiny ” , but a new system of contradictions has arisen .
These include the contradictions between women ’s productive and family roles ; between their professional career ambitions and their still - dependent position on the marriage market and in the intimate sphere ; between monogamy and free sexuality , and so on .
Now , the concept of reproductive labour has appeared , that is , of the labour involved in producing human beings and looking after them .
To some degree , this labour has gradually become an area of social production .
Looking after the sick and elderly , child care , and providing everyday services have become varieties of paid work .
This does not mean , however , that gender discrimination is being fully overcome , or that it is disappearing .
While vitally important to society , reproductive labour is uninteresting and unproductive from the point of view of the market economy , and as a rule is badly paid .
The people employed in these sectors ( health care , social security and education ) are mainly women .
The discrimination against these sectors and discrimination against women are linked .
In addition , there is still the localisation of housework , also mainly performed by women .
Domestic servitude is becoming less arduous , but as in the past presents an obstacle to the full realisation by women of their creative human potential .
There is even a sort of dual discrimination appearing : while engaged in professional activity in the fields of health care , education and social work , activity which demands relatively high qualifications and full emotional commitment , women cannot justify in material terms the fact that they are burdened and preoccupied with work , since they receive relatively low pay .
Women bear the weight of the “ double shift ” , in production and in housework , as well as often suffering from the burden , as women , of feeling themselves unrealised .
Hence , a woman may be deprived of many civil and political rights , in order for her to perform the sole function of producing new citizens and subjects , while ensuring that housework is performed and order maintained in the succession of property .
Or , she may be allowed entry to the field of social production , and forced to bear a dual burden of domestic toil and paid work .
But one way or another the discriminatory nature of the productive role in which women are placed by society , and of the social and economic conditions associated with this role , create grounds for women to have common social interests .
In my view , the particular role of women in the reproductive process , and their leading role in reproductive labour , make it possible to speak of them as a social group with shared social and political interests .
I am opposed to efforts to reduce the question of gender discrimination and the rights of women to considerations of “ the defence of motherhood and the child ” .
The issue thus becomes : social conditions must be changed so that the reproductive function of women is not , de jure or de facto , an obstacle to their professional , social and personal realisation .
The drawing of women into social production must be accompanied by social policy measures which create adequate conditions for an optimal combination of labour and parenting obligations .
This , in my view , is the essence of the common interests of women as a social group , and the main purpose of defending their rights .
And here , there are no fundamental , insuperable contradictions with men .
There are , however , a number of subtleties and complexities .
Modern feminism for the most part struggles with these psychological subtleties and nuances , turning away from the class nature of discrimination and increasingly shifting the accent to the sphere of psychology , transforming the struggle for social justice and equality into a war of the sexes or a war against sex .
Meanwhile , the opponents of feminism also speak increasingly of the unchanging essence of Male and Female , of predestination and innate tendencies , while ignoring the social and historical essence of both the tendencies and the predestination .
War of the sexes ?
There is , however , a sociological fact that is hard to deny and which would seem to refute all arguments concerning the social nature of the relations and contradictions of the sexes .
This fact makes it impossible to ignore individual and gender conflicts , while concentrating solely on social and class contradictions .
In reality , feminist practice and emancipated behaviour by women often encounter resistance from men precisely as members of a biological sex , not of a particular class .
We should not , however , be in a hurry to draw conclusions .
Socioeconomic relations , processes and contradictions do not exist outside the activity of particular people , outside of their individual decisions and actions .
Individual people , meanwhile , are always members of a particular sex .
The biological characteristics of human beings , including their sexual needs , were acquired socially in the process of historical development , but this does not mean that they have disappeared from human motivations .
Indeed , it is just as well that they have not .
The biological sense of sex can never disappear from the structure of human motivation , but it always takes a particular social and historical form , with definite historical boundaries .
In individual and social consciousness , the conditions and restrictions within which the relations of the sexes develop take the form of relatively durable concepts , stereotypes and illusions .
Modern historical boundaries are such that the exploitation of one human being by another remains , as do the dictates of profit as the goal of social production .
Under these historical conditions the idea of limiting the social opportunities open to women , and of exploiting women ( including sexually ) is advantageous for large numbers of men of all classes .
Nor is this solely the case with biological requirements .
It is also advantageous in socioeconomic terms , since it confers an advantage in competition for jobs and in the struggle for power , ensures that services are provided and lowers the cost of satisfying sexual needs .
The socio- psychological advantages are also apparent ; the sense that at least the structure of your reproductive system gives you the right to assert superiority over another being whose genitals are structured differently , consoles the egoism and self - love even of “ losers ” .
All this gives rise to a multitude of individual conflicts , shifting a social contradiction onto the plane of personal drama , and sometimes of tragedy .
So , however appalling feminist slogans might seem , they did not appear out of a vacuum .
They are the individualisation of gender discrimination , when this takes the form of the enslavement and oppression of women by men .
This must not be denied or ridiculed , and neither should sad examples be cited of wives beating their husbands .
Behind the individual one should try to see the social , to understand what represents a private matter and a personal choice , and what is the object of social changes .
Feminism and freedom
I share the displeasure of Dmitry Zhvaniya at the high - sounding nonsense uttered by prominent feminists .
But let us regard this as tactless expression , incompetence on the part of the speakers , and not as proof that the theory itself is absurd .
We should not categorise everyone under the same heading , or only confusion will result .
Dmitry relies on the argument that Marxism and Marxists have not accepted feminism .
It would be better to say that they have not accepted its bourgeois - liberal forms .
Meanwhile , it is true that the classics of Marxism responded sharply to feminist attacks , especially on the topic of sexual freedom .
These attacks , often shocking or even preposterous , did not emerge out of women ’s caprice , and were not the result of typically female hysteria .
They were a reaction to completely objective socioeconomic and sociocultural circumstances .
Women for a long time were deprived not only of control over their material assets , and not only of the right to plan their destinies , but also of ownership of their own bodies .
This drove them to revolt , and revolt is often irrational .
Here , Dmitry speaks with respect of the anarchist contempt for life and love for death …
But it is precisely when feminism is at fault that men , even progressive and democratic men , do not forgive it such distortions , exaggerations , poses and absurd statements .
Meanwhile , women have gone to the scaffold for feminism just as men have gone there for revolutionary ideas .
These too were the ideas of freedom !
The Jacobins even guillotined a number of feminists .
So far , feminism has annoyed men , and in vain , since in essence , feminism in its most rational form is not merely a sociological theory , and not just an ideology for the overcoming of discrimination on the basis of sex .
Feminism also provides women with the training that is indispensable if they are to develop the habit of freedom .
Of a real freedom , for which you need to understand yourself and others , to answer for yourself and for your actions , in which you no longer make haste to hide behind a “ stone wall ” , and do not take cover behind some “ eternal destiny ” or the whining excuse that “ I ’m only a woman . ”
This kind of training can turn a woman not only into a lover and wife , but also into a friend , comrade and partner .
And is that such a bad thing ?
Kate Beaton Birds , Birds ,
Related to images of Italian saints , please find at least a dozen things hilarious with the following picture :
Oh hey , here is something you will enjoy .
A long time ago I made a comic with St Francis of Assisi in it , but I was reading about him again recently so here he is , again .
Being raised under my mother 's dutiful Catholic watch , I had several childrens ' books of All Star Saints and had a list of faves , in which Francis always figured because he was usually depicted with a load of animals .
Especially birds Birds .
And sometimes some other animals Related to images of Italian saints , please find at least a dozen things hilarious with the following picture :
Oh hey , here is something you will enjoy .
This new comic by Mark Siegel .
It has sailors and mermaids and great art and storytelling , what is not to like ?
Store !
L.A. Times , Lawmakers Want to Tax Amazon Sales in California , by Evan Halper :
The retail giant is among several that have no physical presence in the state .
Legislative Democrats think a levy on them could bring in up to $ 150 million annually .
State lawmakers hunting for revenue are eyeing one source that could prove costly to millions of California consumers : Amazon .com .
The online retail giant has enjoyed an edge over many competitors in the state because it is not required to collect sales tax from residents who buy books , top - of - the - line plasma televisions , cases of diapers and thousands of other products from its website .
The Seattle corporation has no store , warehouse , office building or other physical presence in California , and the state cannot tax such businesses under a 1992 Supreme Court decision .
Consumers here are required to pay sales tax on the goods they purchase at Amazon but almost never do , because the state has no mechanism for tracking Amazon purchases and collecting the money .
Now California is one of several cash - strapped states exploring a novel legal strategy that could force Amazon and others like it , including Overstock.com , to start collecting tax from their customers .
New York launched the effort with a law that took effect in 2008 .
North Carolina and Rhode Island have passed similar laws ; other proposals have advanced in the statehouses of Virginia , Illinois , Colorado and Hawaii .
The Democrats who control California 's Legislature plan to put their own bid on the governor 's desk this month in hopes of reaping up to $ 150 million annually for state and local coffers .
The revenue would make only a tiny dent in the state 's $ 20 - billion deficit , but supporters say every dollar counts in tight times , and there 's a principle at stake .
Amazon has " built an entire business model based on tax avoidance , " said Assembly tax committee Chairman Charles Calderon ( D - Montebello ) .
In the wake of the White House dinner gate - crashing controversy , some Republican members of Congress are showing an unexpected amount of concern for the president ’s safety .
But if the words of Rep. Peter King ( R - NY ) are anything to go by , it may all just be a ploy for a political attack on a White House staffer .
“ This is not [ about ] gate - crashing , this is [ about ] the security of the president of the United States , ” Rep. King told NBC ’s Matt Lauer Friday .
“ When [ Obama adviser ] Valerie Jarrett says this is not that important an issue — I do n’t know what could be more important than the security of the president of the United States . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But King may have betrayed a political motive behind his concern for President Obama when he told Lauer that he was n’t interested in hearing from the Salahis — the couple who gate - crashed a White House state dinner last week — but did want to hear from Desiree Rogers , the White House social secretary .
“ I ’m not that concerned about the Salahis , ” King said .
“ If they show up , fine , but it is important to have Desiree Rogers there , because in his testimony … Director Sullivan said the security arrangements were worked out with the social secretary ’s office , and at every dinner we ’ve been able to track … for at least the last 20 years , the social director has been there with the Secret Service agents , she decided to pull them away and we want to know why . ”
Democratic Representative Loretta Sanchez told Lauer she thought that “ maybe we should n’t even have this , ” referring to House homeland security committee hearings into the incident .
But Sanchez appeared to reverse herself and argue that she would like to hear from Rogers as well .
“ I would certainly like to hear from her what steps are being taken to ensure that , in fact , there is not only a Secret Service agent there with the list , but there is somebody always there from the White House , ” said Sanchez .
“ I mean , even Wal - Mart has a greeter .
So you know , I would like to hear from her , ” she said .
The Huffington Post ‘s Sam Stein reports that friends and colleagues have stepped forward to defend Rogers .
ADVERTISEMENT
People close to Rogers say that the emerging caricatures of her as a spotlight - seeking diva who invited herself to the dinner for Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and skirted her responsibilities while there are drastically off the mark .
“ What are the odds she was going to be lackadaisical at the biggest moment of her life ? ” the source asked .
“ Zero .
That ’s why these stories do n’t make any sense .
Her reputation is at stake . ”
The source spoke in defense of Rogers because the social secretary had been told not to speak to the press .
“ I think the way it is being characterize [d ] and the way it is coming off that she is too big a personality for the White House , it just does n’t make sense , ” the source said .
White House press secretary Robert Gibbs has also expressed support for the social secretary .
“ The president , the first lady and the entire White House staff are grateful for the job that she does and thinks she has done a terrific and wonderful job pulling off a lot of big and important jobs here at the White House , ” Gibbs said Wednesday .
This video is from NBC ’s Today Show , broadcast Dec. 4 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Second , this new system has created new social chasms .
In the old days , there were obviously big differences between people whose lives were defined by “ The Philadelphia Story ” and those who were defined by “ The Grapes of Wrath . ”
But if you ran the largest bank in Murfreesboro , Tenn. , you probably lived in Murfreesboro .
Now you live in Charlotte or New York City .
You might have married a secretary .
Now you marry another banker .
You would have had similar lifestyle habits as other people in town .
Now the lifestyle patterns of the college - educated are very different from the patterns in other classes .
Social attitudes are very different , too .
It could be that Americans actually feel less connected to their leadership class now than they did then , with good reason .
Third , leadership - class solidarity is weaker .
The Protestant Establishment was inbred .
On the other hand , those social connections placed informal limits on strife .
Personal scandals were hushed up .
Now members of the leadership class are engaged in a perpetual state of war .
Each side seeks daily advantage in ways that poison the long - term reputations of everybody involved .
Fourth , time horizons have shrunk .
If you were an old blue blood , you traced your lineage back centuries , and there was a decent chance that you ’d hand your company down to members of your clan .
That subtly encouraged long - term thinking .
Now people respond to ever - faster performance criteria  daily stock prices or tracking polls .
This perversely encourages reckless behavior .
To leave a mark in a fast , competitive world , leaders seek to hit grandiose home runs .
Clinton tried to transform health care .
Bush tried to transform the Middle East .
Obama has tried to transform health care , energy and much more .
There ’s less emphasis on steady , gradual change and more emphasis on the big swing .
This produces more spectacular failures and more uncertainty .
Many Americans , not caught up on the romance of this sort of heroism , are terrified .
Fifth , society is too transparent .
Since Watergate , we have tried to make government as open as possible .
But as William Galston of the Brookings Institution jokes , government should sometimes be shrouded for the same reason that middle - aged people should be clothed .
This is n’t Galston ’s point , but I ’d observe that the more government has become transparent , the less people are inclined to trust it .
This is not to say that we should return to the days of the WASP ascendancy .
That ’s neither possible nor desirable .
Rather , our system of promotion has grown some pretty serious problems , which are more evident with each passing day .
People Born on September 30 people born on September 30 People Born on October 02 people born on October 02
( Weekly Column )
I was surprised when I began to tear up prior to the press conference on Tuesday announcing The American Prayer Hour .
The purpose of the APH , which is Thursday , February 4 , is to offer an alternative to the annual National Prayer Breakfast , which takes place on the same day and is run by the secretive fundamentalist organization known as The Family .
This shadowy group is directly tied to the notorious “ Kill the Gays ” bill in Uganda .
In the past , I have worked press conferences that included hate crime victims and their families .
So , I ’ve become somewhat inured to the daily horrors that are inflicted on gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender people .
But , today really got to me .
Moses , a young gay man from Uganda , spoke at our media conference at the National Press Club in Washington , DC .
He is seeking asylum in The United States , because he fears for his life in Uganda .
The Ugandan media sometimes publishes the photographs and addresses of LGBT people , placing their livelihoods at risk and their lives in imminent danger .
I usually prep speakers by reviewing talking points .
On this day , however , two staff members for the Human Rights Campaign prepared Moses to face the national media by obscuring his face .
They stood in a corner fitting his head with a paper bag .
We had two different size bags , and he tried on each , as if they were shirts at an Old Navy store .
We had to ensure that it was a snug fit , lest it fall off , reveal his identity and put his life in jeopardy .
It had been a three - day trek by car for Moses and a friend to get to Washington .
This heroic journey would not end in magazine covers , book deals or fame as a talking head on the cable networks .
All Moses had to gain was the opportunity to share the truth in anonymity , and he did so with remarkable equanimity .
As Moses stood in front of the podium , the juxtaposition of the American flag and this courageous young man wearing a bag to blur his humanity was jarring .
I felt pride for living in a free country where we could hold a press conference to denounce The Family ’ role in Uganda .
But , there was also shame that America , famous for its innovation , had been exporting a virulent and violent strain of religious extremism to far away lands .
In front of the cameras , Moses recounted how he had been forced to marry a woman , was assaulted at school , raped by a policeman , and fired from his job because he is gay .
“ One would rather die than come out of the closet , ” Moses said at the press conference .
Many people at the National Prayer Breakfast have no idea about the radical and unorthodox , cult - like beliefs that The Family is passing off as Christianity .
With little transparency and regard for democracy , this organization , which believes God favors powerful elites , spreads its influence throughout the world .
Prominent members of The Family in America include : Sens. Sam Brownback ( R - Kan. ) , James Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) , Tom Coburn ( R - Okla ) , Senator Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , Mike Enzi ( R - WY ) , Mark Pryor ( R - AK ) , Bill Nelson ( D - Fla. ) , John Ensign ( R- NV ) .
Key House members include : Reps. Zach Wamp ( R - Tenn ) Frank Wolf ( R - Va. ) , Mike McIntyre ( D - N.C. ) , Heath Shuler ( D - NC ) Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) and Joe Pitts ( R - PA ) .
“ Would you like a glass of fresh blood with your bacon ? ”
Perhaps , if this were the question asked the rich and powerful attending Thursday ’ National Prayer Breakfast , they ’d finally understand that the group behind this event was also serving up extreme ideology that was n’t on the menu .
They ’d realize that while they dined in an opulent ballroom at the Washington Hilton , there were gay Ugandans who were running for their lives .
While some members of The Family have denounced the Anti-Homosexuality Bill in Uganda , the group ’ leader , Doug Coe , usually a loquacious man , has been strangely silent .
On Tuesday , Religion News Service reported that , “ the Family has not officially denounced the bill , and did not return repeated requests for clarification of their role in its development . ”
One would think that publicly opposing a potential slaughter would be high on Coe ’ agenda , considering the sponsor of the bill , David Bahati , is a key member of The Family .
President Barack Obama will speak at The National Prayer Breakfast .
Hopefully , he will denounce the Uganda bill and make a statement that could affect the dire situation in Uganda .
In the meantime , you can help by attending one of 17 American Prayer Hours across the country , including one in Washington DC . ( http://www.americanprayerhour.org).
It is time to unmask the horror and create a world where people are free to be themselves .
To quote another Moses : “ Let my people go . ”
This article is part of the discussion leading up to the Communist Party USA ’s 29th National Convention May 21 - 23 , 2010 .
CPUSA.org takes no responsibility for the opinions expressed in this article or other articles in the pre-convention discussion .
All contributions must meet the guidelines for discussion .
To read other contributions to this discussion , visit the site of the Pre-Convention Discussion period .
All contributions to the discussion should be sent to discussion2010@cpusa.org for selection not to the individual venues .
For more information on the convention or the pre-convention discussion period , you can email convention2010@cpusa.org .
I was pleased to read the pre-Convention discussion document , “ A Time to Grow , ” by a number of youthful members of the Communist Party and the Young Communist League .
It is always inspiring to see that there are other young people around who want to help take responsibility for building the organization .
Still , I disagree with some of the particulars , specifically on the role of the Party and the “ Communist plus , ” as well as on the process of growing the Communist movement overall .
The main thing that the Communist Party can contribute , i.e. its main role , is in the field of strategy and tactics .
It is entirely true , as the document noted , that anyone reading this would likely also be working on the fight for to support the health care plan that was put forward by Barack Obama , along with organizations like Organizing for America , HCAN , etc .
But , because we have a background in the CPUSA and the YCL , we bring something different and special to this movement - a strategic concept of who the main players are , who the main enemies slowing down the process of change are , what is possible and so on .
When there were setbacks in the fight for health care , there was demoralization and frustration .
Our Bronx club , which was instrumental in building an Organizing for America - based local organization , helped fight this feeling and , in the process , gained a good deal of experience .
It can be said that , without the Communist Party , and solid leadership from one comrade in particular , the OFA group could have easily disbanded itself .
Also , the Party was able and is able to play a leadership role in the question of what we ’re fighting for , and in what context : why not some kind of National Health Service , as in the U.K. , right now , or for Medicare for All ?
Why was even the watered - down Senate bill a victory ?
How do any of these victories contribute to the forward motion of the struggle overall ?
Putting all those questions together is a key role of the Party and YCL , as it helps to build the unity and forward motion of the progressive forces .
Another example would be the upcoming jobs fight .
We ’ve said that this is the key struggle , and that puts us in agreement with all of the major players in the core forces .
There is a national coalition in place for this battle , but how do we help build it ?
It is our job to help bring it to life , and to localize it , bring it to the grassroots .
This is something different from place to place , and it takes a Communist Party to figure this out .
In New York , we have a situation in which the Central Labor Council is n’t playing a leading role in the city ’s labor movement .
Most of the biggest unions in the city are outside the CLC .
How do we bring them together in this fight ?
( And in so doing , how can we contribute to overall labor unity in this city ? )
At the grassroots level , how do we pull organizations and people in our periphery into this coalition ?
In Brooklyn , we have to consider how we can bring the large Black churches into the fight .
How can we utilize the organizational connections we have , the relationships with elected officials , to do so ?
On the electoral front , it would be good to have more of our own candidates running for office .
But right now , this ca n’t be our main electoral contribution .
We have to be part of the fight to defeat what ’s left of the ultra right , and make sure they do n’t make a comeback in the mid-term elections .
Others on the left see these elections either as ends in themselves or deviations from the “ real ” struggle .
But the Communist Party can exercise a leadership role by helping to show the importance of electing or defending Democrats as part of an overall strategy on the road towards socialism .
And we , more than anyone else , can and do tie together the fight for jobs with the electoral battle coming up later this year .
Being in these struggles - not initiating new things separate and aside from them - is where we can meet people , gain new members .
In all these things , fellow activists will be impressed by Communists not only or even primarily due to our long - term goals , but by our sober - minded estimates of where we are , what the balance of power is , and what the next step has to be .
On the question of membership overall , while I feel the same frustration that the document ’s authors feel , I do n’t agree with the reasons listed for the Party ’s slow growth ( the document mistakenly states that the Party is getting smaller ; actually , aside from attrition , the Party is slowly gaining members ) .
I do n’t think we can blame the national staff , or lack of will coming from our leadership overall .
I would have to say that they are doing a good job overall in the current situation .
All of the comrades on staff in a non-editorial position are in touch with the membership in their respective areas on a day - to - day basis , as are the editorial comrades who are not overwhelmed by their tasks of writing and editing the Party press .
We are in a strange period : while there is an energized populace , ready to fight for progress , many , if not all , people ’s organizations are struggling for membership .
This is a fact that must be taken into account .
The Party has been experimenting with different forms of organization : we recently replaced the Organizing Department with a Coordinating Committee , which includes all of the district organizers , who come together twice monthly to discuss the best ways to implement plans going forward .
This committee just appointed two leading comrades to coordinate membership .
We could put together numeric goals , but that does n’t address the real political and organizational questions that need to be figured out .
There are a few other things I would add , but wo n’t go into for the sake of brevity .
We do have a plan , so to speak , as to which industries are our main national priorities , as well as place to place .
We in New York have a special emphasis on the teachers , transit workers , health care workers , the public workers : these are the most organized and decisive sections of the New York City working class .
Also , I would take issue with the discussion of who “ the left ” is .
We ca n’t narrow it down simply to the 20 percent of the population that chose “ socialism ” on a single opinion poll that has , in my opinion , received way too much attention .
We ’ve seen the beginnings of a really new left : within the labor movement under Trumka , those who have come out for some form of health reform , the new jobs coalition , the movement of activists in Organizing for America , etc .
These are the newly invigorated activists on the rising left with whom we want to be associated .
Once again , though I disagree with some of the things the comrades said , I am glad that the spirit of building the Party and the YCL is being taken seriously by a number of comrades around my own age .
Comments
9:30 : A quick brief with Brenda who just arrived and who will assist our project manager in finding a permanent location for our office .
10:00 : Time for a short meeting with our security officer , trying to make some sense of the new security arrangements at the border with Haiti .
We agree it is time to beef up the security arrangements for our border operations .
10:30 : Georges , our procurement officer , who normally works in Afghanistan , rings the alarm bell that the food shipment for our base camp in Port - au - Prince is not ready for the afternoon flight .
11:00 meeting with the heads of finance , supplies and logistics of our supplier for the base camp food for Haiti .
Agreed on the line of credit and the way we will work to call forward the food next week .
We stress the importance of the shipment we had scheduled for today , as it has to be on the plane taking off at 14:00 .
We have now two and a half hours left .
The supplier leaves with Cecelia , our assistant procurement officer ( normally based in Ecuador ) , to the wholesale food shop , to buy one and a half ton of food for our staff in Haiti , in one hour .
Georges winks at me " we will make it , but it will be ' just in time ' "
11:45 Meeting on the ICT requirements for the pending move to the new temporary location of our office , with Dane , who coordinates the ICT deployment in both Haiti and the Dominican Republic .
Another wink : " All will be ok ! "
12:00 Catching up with my emails again .
More debugging .
Some releases in our ERP system .
Saying hi to more new staff who arrived last night .
13:00 Anisa , who normally works in Dubai , is our office manager ( or ' mama ' as we call her ) and the admin crew , have arranged someone to bring in food every day .
A quick bite , sitting outside the office .
I walk around for a bit of fresh air .
We have a dozen of our staff sitting around in the parking lot , eating their lunch .
13:30 Agreed how we will pay travel advances for our staff passing through Santo Domingo , inbound to Haiti .
Gwyn , our travel guru from Rome works overtime .
Ximena and Beverley , our HR team , come to tell me , proud as a peacock , we just processed our local payroll .
Hurray ...!
A first !
14:00 Mario , who normally works in Indonesia , Tony ( from HQ ) and Alex ( from Panama ) form our finance crew .
They have me sign off on our monthly bank reconciliation .
Once again a first , as before the earthquake , the office here did not have a bank account , had no access to the ERP system ...
We are processing all transactions online now , set up in less than one week .
Another first ....
HURRAY !
The balance shows our office processed about US $ 700,000 in payments , in the past three weeks .
14:30 : George tells me the food for the basecamp made it in time for today 's flight .
Cecilia bought 1.5 tons of food in less than two hours .
She reports even the managers of the wholesale store ran around the huge warehouse with shopping carts for her .
Good going guys !
15:30 Time for a nap .
Unicef calls twice .
A VIP is flying using one of our planes in two days .
Final arrangements on the schedules .
16:25 : a quick shower .
Walking out of my room , I cross Henrik , my head of operations .
There is a problem in Fond Parisien , just across the border .
16:30 I do my daily briefing with the newly arrived staff .
Something I do religiously so newcomers know what we do , how we organise ourselves , and understand what a pain the boss is over here ( me ! ) .
But I get sidetracked for a meeting with the hotel manager who wants to speak with us .
We desperately need to firm up the agreement we have with them .
Jane , our " Head of Support Services With A Friendly Smile " from Panama , Michael ( from our Dubai office ) and Luigi stress :
Yes , we want 70 rooms blocked , with a block allocation of 100 rooms , and priority booking for 150 rooms .
Yes , we want to have the locks replaced on the doors of our new offices , and floodlights on the back of the office is a must , thankyouverymuch .
17:45 : for the first time , I miss the 17:00 all staff meeting .
We needed to firm up the agreement with the hotel , otherwise we would never be able to cater for the 50 local staff we are recruiting in the next two weeks .
So instead of walking through our two office - slash - conference rooms shouting " 5 o'clock - meeting !!! " , I now shout " Quarter to Six , meeting ! " which causes a collective " Booh , you are late " tease from the staff .
We use these daily briefs to streamline any issues that need to be discussed , announcements to be made , and short briefs .
It is also the ideal moment to introduce all new staff who arrived in the past 24 hours .
18:05 We are ending the brief , and Henrik gives me a sign .
I can see there in his eyes there is trouble .
" The situation we discussed this morning might run out of hand , we need to act now " is his short message .
I call the head of one of our implementing partners in Port - au - Prince via his satellite telephone and we discuss briefly to the head of IOM at the border .
It is clear , we need to move fast .
18:30 We call the head of UNICEF and cochair of the nutrition cluster in the Dominican Republic .
She confirms the dire need of food in two small camps .
I call Carlos in Haiti to clear the upcoming distribution .
He gives us the go - ahead .
18:45 Jose ( from Rome ) and Sam ( from our Sudan office ) our newly arrived head of aviation confirm I can have a helicopter for tomorrow , take off at 9:30 to fly to the border , to meet with our programme staff there .
We assemble a team of 6 , file our security clearances online , and fill in a local travel authorization which Gwyn processes .
19:15 : We get confirmation for the helicopter .
All set .
Luigi goes around and gets the names and UNLP numbers of the staff who will fly with us , so we can file a flight manifest .
19:30 : a session of signing local purchase orders and finance papers , catching up with email .
20:00 the head of our implementing partner in Haiti calls me back .
His team will drive from Port - au - Prince tomorrow to meet us in Jimani .
We prepare the food logistics .
20:15 for two weeks in a row , I have been cross with the admin staff , normally working in our Panama office , as they are always staying up to 11 pm in the office .
They can not keep that rythm , so I am happy to see them packing up their laptops .
I hope they wo n't cheat and go to their rooms to work !
21:00 More emails , signing papers .
WINGS releases .
A debrief with a PI person coming back from Haiti .
22:00 I remember Tine , my wife , asked me to book a flight for her to Rome .
We were supposed to meet there , but I wo n't be there , so she will stay in my apartment .
Last financial releases , cleaning up of my emails .
23:00 I am happy to see my bitching on the staff to leave earlier worked ...
They all left before 11 PM ..
Maybe there is some authority left in me , hahaha ...
I call the front desk and ask them to lock up the office .
As I walk to the reception , one more staff walks to the office " Sorry boss , I have one more email I forgot to send " ..
Darned .
24:00 End of the day .
Maybe 3 am is not a good idea for tomorrow morning .
Good night everyone !
00:15 : Darned my authority has failed on me .
In my last Email replication of the day , I get more mails from our staff here in Santo Domingo .
They are still working .
They cheated ...
They left the office , but are working from their rooms .
I will call it a day .
And you know what my last thoughts for the day are ?
I am happy I have a comfortable bed , in a room .
Not so for the hundreds of staff we have in Haiti .
I feel lucky for me , sad for them .
And hope we made a difference for them today .
And for the two million beneficiaries we are serving there ...
To all of you in Haiti ...
Good night , our thoughts are with you !
I woke at 3 am today .
An ideal quiet time to connect to the wireless network here in the hotel in Santo Domingo , to catch up with my backlog of Email , and to catch the first Emails coming in from our HQ in Rome .
In the Emails , there is a series of exchanges on call - forwards of staff on standby for deployment .
Unblocked the deployment of two staff due to arrive asap to help us set up the communications here in the office , and updated the list of another four staff the buro is sending in .
Wrote some quick terms of reference for them and just worked my way through some outstanding issues .
8 am : Quick shower and down to the office which is installed in two conference rooms downstairs in the hotel .
The usual suspects are already present : the people from aviation are already up and running .
The ICT guys start their usual shift at 7:30 .
The finance and HR people are already at their desks .
Breakfast with some of the staff and we are ready for another day .
8:30 : the room is full and buzzing .
We are squeezed with about 40 people in one small conference room .
Staff come in and out , talking on their mobiles , working on their laptops .
All tables we work on are make shift conference room tables filled with files , wires , computers , and stuff .
There is laughter and a buzz of activity all around .
US super - rich get five times more income than in 1995
By Andre Damon
20 February 2010
The incomes of the very rich in the US grew phenomenally between 1992 and 2007 , while their tax rates plummeted , according to recently uncovered IRS statistics .
The figures were published on the IRS web site in December of 2009 , but received little notice because they were not announced .
The report only became widely known when Tax Analysts , a news outlet for tax information , discovered the document and wrote about it on its web site , tax.com , on Thursday .
The report shows that the average income for the top- earning 400 families , denominated in 1990 dollars , grew from $ 17 million to $ 87 million , representing a five - fold increase in real terms .
During this time , the percentage of the total national income that went to the top 400 families tripled , from .52 percent in 1992 to 1.59 in 2007 .
The data shows that these families saw their incomes increase by 31 percent between 2006 and 2007 alone , while the average income of each family reached $ 345 million .
The amount of money earned by the group more than doubled from 2001 , when its members earned on average $ 131.1 million .
In 1993 , the top 400 tax return filings amounted on average to $ 46 million .
This means that there was an eight - fold nominal increase in the average earnings for this group between 1993 and 2007 .
Meanwhile , the effective tax rate on this group — the amount actually paid in taxes — fell to 16.6 percent , the lowest figure on IRS records dating to 1992 .
Congressional Democrats have sought to place blame for falling taxes on the wealthy solely on the Bush administration ’s tax cuts .
But the IRS figures show that the effective tax rate on the top 400 income earners actually fell faster under the last part of the Clinton administration than at any later time .
The effective tax rate hit a high point of nearly 29 percent in 1995 .
By the end of the Clinton administration , the rate had fallen to 22 percent .
The trend continued under Bush , with the effective tax rate falling another 6 percentage points between 2001 and 2007 .
The Bush administration lowered the capital gains tax by 5 percentage points , to 15 percent , in 2003 .
But Bush ’s policies were only a continuation of laws passed under the Clinton administration , when the capital gains tax was lowered from 28 percent to 20 percent for the top income brackets .
The top income earners received a total income of $ 138 billion in 2007 .
This figure is larger than the yearly output of most of the world ’s countries , and is nearly as large as the GDP of Chile .
Out of this amount , the group paid only $ 23 billion in taxes .
If the top 400 earners had been taxed in 2007 at the 1995 rate , they would have paid an additional $ 18.4 billion in taxes , enough to cover the entire 2010 budget shortfall of the state of California .
About three quarters of income for earners in this tax bracket came from capital gains , which were taxed at 15 percent , as opposed to income , which is taxed at a rate of 35 percent for the top bracket .
The top 400 families actually paid lower taxes compared to other high - income earners .
In 2005 , the Congressional Budget Office found that the top 1 percent as a whole paid a tax rate of 19.7 percent .
The median 20 percent of income earners paid a tax rate of 12.5 percent , including Social Security payments , which are negligible for the very rich .
The IRS report on the top 400 families was first regularly published by the Clinton administration , but the Bush administration shut down its release , according to the tax.com article by Cay Johnston , a tax law professor at Syracuse University .
The Obama administration resumed publication of the figures , with the 2006 figures published about a year ago .
Johnston also noted , “ At least three hedge fund managers made $ 3 billion in 2007 . ”
He added , “ Only 33 of the top 400 paid an effective tax rate of 30 percent to 35 percent , which is the maximum federal tax rate . ”
The data further substantiates the highly publicized conclusions of economists Thomas Piketty and Emmanuel Saez , who found that two thirds of income increases between 2002 and 2007 went to the wealthiest 1 percent of society and that income for the top 1 percent grew 10 times faster than that of the bottom 90 percent .
Piketty and Saez found that the top 1 percent of earners got a higher share of income in 2007 than at any time since 1928 .
The latest figures come amid constant calls by the White House and Congress to cut social programs in order to balance the budget .
The federal government , we are told , has been bankrupted by the “ profligacy ” of social programs and the proportion of social resources allocated to the general population .
But the latest figures show that the opposite is true .
It is the rich who have bankrupted the state , with the full assistance of the two big - business parties .
Senator Stephen Conroy – the great Canberra Communications Cluebie – was interviewed on ABC Radio National Breakfast this morning – ( 19 February 2010 ) – in regards to a recent substantial ( $ 250 M ) financial gesture to Australia ’s commercial television networks .
The context of the following portion of the discussion was IPTV and how it might effect minimum Australian content regulations , so I have to admit that the context is not specifically in regards to internet filtering , however the interesting sound bite , spoken from his very mouth , is “ You ca n’t regulate the internet ” .
Take extra special note of the “ very pregnant pause ” when he realises what he said !
A full download of the interview is available here .
Okay – this comment was specifically in the context of IPTV , but if you ca n’t regulate the internet in terms of IPTV , how can you regulate it in terms of anything else ?
How is IPTV content any different to any other internet content ?
There is a raw qualitative feel or a “ what it is like ” to have a mental state such as a pain .
[ No physical state has this quality ]
Many mental states have intentionality — ofness or aboutness — directed toward an object ( e.g. , a thought is about the moon ) .
[ A physical state ca n’t be of or about anything ]
Mental states are inner , private and immediate to the subject having them .
[ No physical state is private or limited to one individual ’s perception ]
Mental states fail to have crucial features ( e.g. , spatial extension , location ) that characterize physical states and , in general , cannot be described using physical language ) .
[ A thought , for example , does n’t occupy space , possess mass , or obey the laws of physics ]
J. P. Moreland , “ The Image of God and the Failure of Scientific Atheism , ” in God is Great , God is Good ( IVP 2009 ) , p. 38 .
Thus , mental states cannot be merely physical events in the brain .
The better explanation for these qualities of mental events is a substantial self that transcends the physical world – i.e. , a soul .
Linux カーネル 2.6 Completely Fair Scheduler の内側
2.6.23 以降、CPU の利用に関して公平性をもたらしています
Linux スケジューラーは 、2 つの競合する要素が決定に影響を及ぼす興味深い典型例です。一方の要素は、Linux が適用されている使用モデルです 。Linux は、元々デスクトップ向けの新しいオペレーティング・システムとして開発されましたが、今ではサーバーや小型組み込み機器、メインフレーム、そしてスーパーコンピューターでも使われるようになっています。当然のことながら、それぞれの機器によってスケジューリングに課せられる負荷は異なります。もう一方の要素は、プラットフォームにおける技術の進歩です。これにはアーキテクチャー
( マルチプロセッシング、対称型マルチスレッド化、NUMA
( Non-Uniform Memory Access ) ) や仮想化も含まれます。さらにここに、対話性 ( ユーザー応答性 ) と全体的な公平性とのバランスも関わってスケジュールが決定されます。このように考えると、Linux 内部ではスケジューリングがいかに難しい問題になり得るかが理解できるはずです。
Linux スケジューラー小 史
初期の Linux スケジューラーで使用していたのは最小限の設計だけで、多数のプロセッサーからなる大規模なアーキテクチャーはもちろんのこと、ハイパースレッディングにさえも重点を置いていなかったのは明らかです。Linux 1.2 のスケジューラーは、ラウンドロビン・スケジューリング・ポリシーで動作する循環キューを使用して実行可能タスクを管理します。このスケジューラーは、(ロックによって構造体を保護して)
プロセスを追加、削除するには効率的でした。要するに、1.2 のスケジューラーは複雑ではなく、単純で処理速度に優れたスケジューラーだったということです。
Linux バージョ ン 2.2 ではスケジューリング・クラスの概念が導入され、リアルタイム・タスク、プリエンプト不可タスク、そして非リアルタイム・タスクごとのスケジューリング・ポリシーを使えるようになりました。さらに、2.2 のスケジューラーには対称型マルチプロセッシング
( SMP ) のサポートも組み込まれました。
2.4 カーネルに統合されたのは、O(N ) 時間で動作する比較的単純なスケジューラーです
( 比較的単純と言っている理由は、スケジューリング・イベントの間、すべてのタスクを繰り返し処理するからです)
。2.4 カーネルのスケジューラーは時間をエポックに分割します。そしてエポックを単位に、すべてのタスクはそれぞれに割り当てられたタイム・スライスを使い切るまで実行を許可されます。タスクがそのタイム・スライスを使い切らなかった場合は、残りのタイム・スライスの半分が次のエポックでの新しいタイム・スライスに追加され、次のエポックで許可される実行時間がその分長くなります。このスケジューラーは goodness 関数 ( メトリック ) を適用して次に実行するタスクを決定しながら、単純にタスクを繰り返し処理します。この手法は比較的単純であるとは言え、それほど効率的ではなく、拡張性にも欠けるため、リアルタイム・システムには力不足です。また、マルチコア・プロセッサーなどの新しいハードウェア・アーキテクチャーを利用する機能もありませんでした。
O(1 ) スケジューラーと呼ばれる初期の 2.6 スケジューラーは、2.4 スケジューラーでの問題の多くを解決するために設計されました。このスケジューラーはタスクのリスト全体を繰り返し処理しなくても、次にスケジューリングするタスクを特定することができます。これが
O( 1 ) という名前の由来で
、2.4 スケジューラーに比べて遥かに効率的で拡張性があることを表しています。O(1 ) スケジューラーはランキューに入れられた実行可能タスクを追跡します
( 実際には、優先度ごと に 2 つのランキューがあります。1 つはアクティブなタスク用、もう 1 つは有効期限が切れたタスク用です)。したがって、スケジューラーが次に実行するタスクを特定するには、特定のアクティブな優先度別ランキューから次のタスクをデキューすればよいだけとなります。O(1 ) スケジューラーは以前のスケジューラーと比べ、遥かに拡張性が改善されています。さらにタスクが
I/O バウンドなのか、プロセッサー・バウンドなのかを判断できるように、多数のヒューリスティックと対話性のメトリックを組み合わせています。しかし、そんな
O(1 ) スケジューラーもカーネル内部で手に負えなくなってきました。ヒューリスティックの計算に必要な大量のコードが根本的に管理しにくかったこと、そして純粋主義者にとってはアルゴリズムに関する内容が欠けていたことが、その原因です。
プロセスとスレッドの違い Linux ではプロセスとスレッドのスケジューリングを統合する手段として、この
2 つを同じものとして扱います。1 つのプロセスは 1 つのスレッドと見なすことができます。ただしプロセスには、リソース ( コードやデータ ) を共有する複数のスレッドを含めることができます。
O(1 ) スケジューラーや、スケジューリングに関与する他の外部要素が直面している問題を考えると、何らかの変化が必要なことは確かでした。その変化は、Con Kolivas が開発した RSDL ( Rotating Staircase Deadline Scheduler ) によるカーネル・パッチという形でやってきました。このカーネル・パッチには、Kolivas がその前に行った Staircase Scheduler での作業が組み込まれています。この作業によって生まれたのは、公平性と待ち時間の上限値とを組み合わせるという単純な設計のスケジューラーです。Kolivas のスケジューラーは ( 現行 の2.6.21 メインライン・カーネルへの統合を求める声とともに)
多くの人々に強い印象を与えました。こうなれば、スケジューラーの変更がまもなく実現されることは明らかです。そして
O( 1 ) スケジューラーを作成した
Ingo Molnar が、Kolivas の成果から得たヒントを基に CFS を開発したというわけです。ここからは CFS について詳しく調べ、その全体的な動作を見ていきます。
CFS の概要
CFS の背後にある主な概念は、タスクに与えるプロセッサー時間のバランス ( 公平性 ) を維持するためのものです。つまり、それぞれのプロセスには公平にプロセッサー時間が与えられるようにしなければなりません。タスクに与えられた時間のバランスが崩れると
( つまり、1 つまたは複数のタスクに与えられた時間が他のタスクと比べて十分でない場合)、バランスの取れていないタスクに実行時間が与えられることになります。
バランス状態を判断するため、CFS
は特定のタスクに割り当てられた時間を仮想実行時間と呼ばれるものに保持します。タスクの仮想実行時間が短ければ短いほど
( つまり、タスクに許可されているプロセッサーへのアクセス時間が短いという意味)、タスクがプロセッサーを必要とする度合いは高くなります。CFS
にはスリープ中のタスクに対する公平性の概念も採り入れられています。その目的は、現在実行可能でないタスク
( 例えば、入出力処理を待機中のタスク ) でも、最終的にプロセッサーが必要となったときに同等のプロセッサー時間を確保できるようにするためです。
しかし CFS は以前の Linux スケジューラーのようにタスクをランキューに入れて保持するのではなく、時間で順序付けされた赤黒木で保持します
( 図 1 を参照)。赤黒木には、実用的で興味深い特性がいくつかあります。第一の特性は、赤黒木が平衡木であることです。つまり、この木のなかではどのパスの長さも、他のパスの 2 倍を超えることはありません。第二に、赤黒木での操作に要する時間は
O( log n ) 以下です ( ここで、n は赤黒木のノード数です ) 。したがって短時間で効率的にタスクを挿入、削除することができます。
図 1 . 赤黒木の例
時間で順序付けされた赤黒木に保存されるタスク ( sched_entity オブジェクトで表現 ) のうち、プロセッサーを最も必要としているタスク
( 仮想実行時間が最も短いタスク ) は赤黒木の左端に保管され、プロセッサーの必要性が最も低いタスク ( 仮想実行時間が最も長いタスク ) は右端に保管されます。CFS
スケジューラーは公平性を保つために、次のスケジューリング対象として赤黒木の最左端に位置するノードを選択します。タスクはその実行時間を仮想実行時間に加算するという手段で
CPU の使用時間を計上します。その後、タスクが実行可能であれば赤黒木に戻されます。このように、実行時間は赤黒木の左側にあるタスクに与えられるので、公平性を維持するために、赤黒木を構成するタスクは右から左へと移動されます。したがって、実行可能タスクのそれぞれが他の実行可能タスクを追跡することによって、一連の実行可能タスク全体で実行のバランスを保ちます。
CFS の構成要 素
Linux 内部のすべてのタスクは、 task_struct というタスク構造体によって表現されます。この構造体が
( そしてこの構造体に関連付けられた他の構造体とともに)
タスクを完全に記述し、タスクの現行の状態、スタック、プロセス・フラグ、優先度
( 静的および動的優先度の両方 ) などを組み込みます。./linux/include/linux/sched.h
を見ると、この構造体、そして関連する構造体の多くがあるはずです。しかし、すべてのタスクが実行可能であるわけではないので、 task_struct には CFS 関連のフィールドがありません。その代わりとして、スケジューリング情報を追跡する sched_entity という新しい構造体が作成されています ( 図 2 を参照 ) 。
図 2 . タスクの構造体階層と赤黒木
図 2 には、さまざまな構造体の間の関係が示されています。赤黒木のルートは (./kernel/sched.c 内の ) cfs_rq 構造体から rb_root 要素を介して参照されます。赤黒木の葉には情報は何も含まれませんが、内部ノードは実行可能な
1 つ以上のタスクを表します。赤黒木の各ノードを表す rb_node に含まれるのは、子の参照と親の色だけです。 rb_node を包含する sched_entity 構造体には、 rb_node 参照、ロードの重み、そして各種の統計データが組み込まれます。最も重要な点は、 sched_entity には vruntime ( 64 ビットのフィールド )
が含まれることです。これまでのタスクの実行時間が示されるこのフィールドは、赤黒木の索引としての役割を果たします。この sched_entity 構造体は、タスクを完全に記述する先頭の task_struct に組み込まれます。
スケジューリング関数は、CFS
の部分に関しては至って単純です。./kernel/sched.c には、汎用 schedule ( ) 関数があります。この関数は yield ( ) によってこの schedule ( )
関数自体をプリエンプトする場合を除き、現在実行中のタスクをプリエンプトします。プリエンプションの時間は可変であるため、CFS
にはプリエンプション用のタイム・スライスという概念は実際に存在しないことに注意してください。現在実行中の ( そしてプリエンプトされている ) タスクは、( スケジューリング・クラスを介した ) put_prev_task の呼び出しによって赤黒木に戻されます。schedule 関数はスケジュール対象の次のタスクを特定する段階にくると、 pick_next_task 関数を呼び出します。この関数も同じく汎用関数です
(./kernel/sched.c に含まれます)。ただし、この関数はスケジューラー・クラスを介して
CFS スケジューラーを呼び出します。CFS
の pick_next_task 関数は ./kernel/sched_fair.c にあります ( pick_next_task_fair ( ) という名前 )。この関数は単純に赤黒木の最左端にあるタスクを選択し、関連する sched_entity を返すだけにすぎません。この参照により、 task_of ( ) を単純に呼び出すだけで、返された task_struct 参照が特定されます。そして最終的に、汎用スケジューラーによってこのタスクにプロセッサーが割り当てられます。
優先度と CFS
CFS は優先度を直接使用することはしませんが、タスクに許可する実行時間の減衰係数として、優先度を使用します。優先度が低いタスクの減衰係数は高く、逆に優先度が高いタスクの減衰係数は低くなります。つまり、タスクに許可される実行時間は、優先度の高いタスクより、優先度の低いタスクのほうが短くなるということです。この賢いソリューションにより、優先度ごとにランキューを維持する必要がなくなります。
CFS のグループ・スケジューリン グ
CFS の興味深い特徴としては 、2.6.24 カーネルで導入されたグループ・スケジューリングの概念も挙げられます。グループ・スケジューリングはスケジューリングに公平性をもたらすもう 1 つの手段であり、特に、タスクが他の多くのタスクを発生させる場合に効果を発揮します。例えば、多くのタスクを発生させて入接続を並列化するサーバーがあるとします
( これは HTTP サーバーの典型的なアーキテクチャーです ) 。この場合、CFS はすべてのタスクを平等に扱うのではなく、グループ単位でタスクの実行時間を扱います。複数のタスクを発生させるサーバー・プロセスでは、( 階層型)
タスク・グループ全体で仮想実行時間を共有する一方、単一のタスクでは他のタスクとは関係なく独自の仮想実行時間を持つようになります。したがって、単一のタスクには、タスク・グループとほぼ同じ長さの実行時間がスケジューリングされます。どのようなグループを形成するかは、プロセスの階層を管理する /proc インターフェースによって完全に制御可能です。この構成を使用することで、公平なスケジューリングをユーザーやプロセス、あるいはその変形を対象に割り当てることができます。
スケジューリング・クラスおよびドメイン
CFS では、スケジューリング・クラスの概念も導入されました ( 図 2 を参照)。各タスクは、タスクのスケジューリング方法を決定するスケジューリング・クラスに属します。スケジューリング・クラスは、スケジューラーの振る舞いを定義する関数の共通セットを ( sched_class によって ) 定義します。例えば、スケジューリング対象のタスクを追加し、次に実行するタスクをプルしてスケジューラーに渡すなどの方法は、スケジューラーごとに決まっています。個々のリンク・リスト内にあるスケジューラー・クラスは互いにリンクされ、(特定プロセッサー上で無効化を有効にするなどの目的で)
クラスを繰り返し処理できるようになっています。図 3 にスケジューリング・クラスの全体の構造を示します。注意する点として、エンキューおよびデキュー・タスクの関数は、特定のスケジューリング構造体に対して単純にタスクを追加、削除するだけです。 pick_next_task 関数が、そのスケジューリング・クラスの特定ポリシーに基づいて、次に実行するタスクを選択します。
図 3 . スケジューリング・クラスの全体図
しかしここで思い出してほしいのは、スケジューリング・クラスはタスク構造体自体に含まれているということです ( 図 2 を参照)。そのため、タスクでの操作は、そのタスクのスケジューリング・クラスが何であろうと単純になっています。一例として、以下の関数は現在実行中のタスクをプリエンプトし、./kernel/sched.c
にある新しいタスクに置き換えます ( ここで、 curr は現在実行中のタスクを定義し、 rq は CFS の赤黒木を表します。 p は次にスケジューリングするタスクです ) 。
static inline void check_preempt ( struct rq *rq , struct task_struct * p ) { rq->curr->sched_class->check_preempt_curr( rq , p ) ; }
このタスクが fair スケジューリング・クラスを使用しているとしたら、 check_preempt_curr ( ) のところは check_preempt_wakeup ()
が実行されることになります。これらの関係については、./kernel/sched_rt.c、./kernel/sched_fair.c、および./kernel/sched_idle.c を見るとわかります。
スケジューリング・クラスもまた、スケジューリング変更に関する興味深い側面の
1 つですが、機能の拡張はスケジューリング・ドメインの追加によって実現します。スケジューリング・ドメインを使用することで、ロード・バランシングや分離を目的として
1 つ以上のプロセッサーを階層的にグループ化することができます。1 つ以上のプロセッサーがスケジューリング・ポリシーを共有
( およびプロセッサー間でのロード・バランシングを実行)
することも、タスクを意図的に分離するために各プロセッサーが個別にスケジューリング・ポリシーを実装することも可能です。
その他のスケジューラー
スケジューリングに対する取り組みは現在も続いており、パフォーマンスおよび拡張性の限界を押し上げるスケジューラーの開発が進められています。Con Kolivas は Linux での苦い経験に思いとどまることなく 、Linux 用の別のスケジューラーを開発しました。そのスケジューラーの頭字語は挑発的にも
BFS です 。NUMA システムならびにモバイル機器でのパフォーマンスに優れていることが報告されたこのスケジューラーは、Android オペレーティング・システムから派生したオペレーティング・システムに導入されることとなりました。
さらに詳しく調べてください
Linux で常に変わらないものがあるとしたら、それは、変化は避けられないということです。現在、CFS は Linux カーネル 2.6 のスケジューラーとなっていますが、今後は別の新しいスケジューラーや、静的または動的に起動できるスケジューラー一式に置き換えられる可能性も考えられます。さらに
CFS、RSDL、そしてカーネル内部のプロセスには不可解な部分もありますが、Kolivas と Molnar 両氏の取り組みにより 、2.6 カーネルのタスク・スケジューリングでは今までにない公平性が実現されていることは確かです。
ダウンロード可能なリソース
関連トピッ ク
Naked mole rats might be the most awesomely peculiar mammals in existence ; they possess ants ' hive mind - like qualities , feel no pain , and are completely immune to cancer .
And researchers have finally unlocked the secret to their remarkable cancer - fighting powers .
Advertisement
Despite the critters ' 30 - year lifespans , naked mole rats have never been found with tumors , and are the only known mammals that do n't get cancer .
Researchers at the University of Rochester in New York added cancerous cells to naked mole rat cells in order to observe the mechanism that inhibits cancerous growth .
The growth of cancer cells in humans is inhibited by a gene known as p27 , a gene that the naked mole rat also employs to inhibit cancer growth .
But the gene primarily responsible for inhibiting cancer cell growth in naked mole rats is p16 - ink4a , a gene humans also possess , but which plays no role in inhibiting cell growth in humans .
And the benefits for naked mole rats go beyond avoiding cancer .
Unlike humans , naked mole rats have an active mechanism for cell division , called telomerase .
Developing human cells divide using the same mechanism , but the mechanism is switched off in mature cells , likely to avoid cancer .
Vera Gorbunova , who led the study , believes that because naked mole rats can inhibit cancerous cell division , the mechanism does n't need to be switched off in mole rat cells as it does in human cells .
This may grant a longer lifespan to naked mole rat stem cells , aiding in the repair and upkeep of their tissues .
Advertisement
We 're still a long ways away from harnessing the naked mole rat 's powers for human health , but Gorbunova believes that further study of unusual mammals , like the naked mole rat , will open up more doors than confining our medical studies to rats and mice .
The Life Span of a Rodent May Aid Human Health [ NY Times ]
When you can tie a man to the back of a fighter jet and take to the sky with him screaming behind you , does your game really need a plot ?
Developer Avalanche is obviously trying too hard .
There is really no need for you to have a compelling narrative in a game where I can launch my enemies into mountainsides via a fighter jet .
In fact , giving me a story might just be too overwhelming .
Look at my time with Grand Theft Auto IV .
I spent 10 hours dicking around town , completing maybe five or six missions , passing the remaining time by running all over the place causing mayhem .
By the time I got back to the story I found it far too boring to continue .
Advertisement
Just give me wide - open spaces , some stupid enemies to screw with , and a plot that consists of nothing more complicated than X hero goes to Y place for Z reason .
FOLLOWING an attempt on the life of Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard on January 2 , the Norwegian newspaper , Aftenposten , reprinted six of the 12 Motoons that Jyllands - Posten published in 2005 .
The JP drawings ignited Muslim fury around the world .
Now the Daily Mail – the Pakistani Daily Mail , that is – has reported that Norway ’s Ambassador to Pakistan , Robert Kvile has offered Federal Minister for Religious Affairs , Syed Hamid Saeed Kazmi , a grovelling apology for their re-publication , and has promised to look into the possibility of introducing laws to prevent any further insults of Islam in Norway .
Kvile , the paper says :
Strongly regretted the publication of caricatures of the Holy Prophet ( PBUH ) .
He expressed his great concern over the consequences of such publication , and informed the minister that his country respects the religion of Islam and that the people of Norway would never support the publication of caricatures which damages the feelings of the whole Muslim community .
Kvile indicated that that his government :
Would strive to reform understandings and to devise a strategy to stop such practices in future .
Kazmi told Kvile that the people of Pakistan were very sensitive , and that their angry reactions to the cartoons :
Were genuine and constructive .
He added that Islam teaches tolerance and peace and discourages extremism .
The Minister also demanded that the Norwegian government enact legislation to prevent the publication of such cartoons in the future .
This will convey a good message to the Muslim community and help promote interfaith harmony amongst various communities .
Kvile reportedly agreed with the suggestion of introducing legislation , concurred with the Kazmi that Islam favours peace and tolerance , and quoted the last sermon of the “ Holy Prophet ” who directed followers to maintain peace .
He promised Kazmi that he would do what he could :
To help stop of the publication of such caricatures in future and assured the minister that he would communicate the feelings of the government and people of Pakistan to his government .
According to this report :
A man convicted of killing his bride by throwing her off a cliff on the Palos Verdes Peninsula was sentenced Thursday to 25 years to life in prison .
Brandon Jason Manai was accused of throwing his wife , Julia Cuevas Rosas , 24 , of Norwalk , off a 200 - foot - high cliff near Calle Entradero and Palos Verdes Drive West .
The couple had been married for two weeks .
Rosas ' body was found the afternoon of July 3 , 2005 , on rocks near the base of the cliff .
Investigators believe that she had been thrown that morning .
Detectives believe Rosas approached Manai about a divorce or an annulment , and that may have led to her death .
Game theory has become a useful way to evaluate strategies for survival in evolution scenarios .
In a new study , scientists set up a model where human players engage with each other and compete for resources , and can change their strategies for doing so in various ways .
They found that as more rounds of the game were played , the human players developed a tendency to imitate the best player , causing the players as a group to tend to play the game the same way .
This implies that in evolution , as one member of a species enjoys more and more success , its methods become hard to ignore for the others , which will eventually follow its lead .
Evolution is a popular application of game theory , in particular to see how trends and strategies for survival spread among a group .
In this situation , survival is n't based on an absolute indicator of fitness , but instead on evaluating how others in the same community are faring based on their actions .
Because of this , it is important to figure out how certain survival strategies come to be adopted .
One popular method of representing this scenario is with a situation called " the prisoner 's dilemma . "
The prisoner 's dilemma is often used in game theory when applied to evolution .
It 's usually described something like this : two arrested criminals who are in cahoots with each other are taken into separate rooms , each with a cop , and are offered a plea bargain .
If the first informs on their confederate , the first will go free and the confederate will receive the maximum sentence , and vice versa .
If they both rat each other out , both receive a large , but less than maximum , sentence , but if both remain silent , they each receive a small sentence .
This situation can be altered to give money payouts instead of prison time , to make quantifying easier .
It should be noted that the highest individual payoff goes to someone who gets away with informing on a trusting partner , and the highest total payoff goes to two partners who cooperate and do n't inform on each other .
In the experiment , researchers set up a 4x4 lattice with players in the prisoner 's dilemma at each lattice point .
Each player played against only his four immediate neighbors in four one - on - one games .
The players could then evaluate their performance by comparing themselves to their neighbors , seeing who among the group received the largest amount of money , and could evaluate the performance of their neighbors over multiple matches .
Each player is also modeled as human , rather than theoretical , and so is capable of using mixed strategies or changing strategies over time and does not always make the best strategical choice .
The model 's creators found that as more and more rounds of the game were played , players were increasingly likely to adopt the strategy of the best performing player .
In early rounds most of the groups were heterogeneous — some players defected , and others cooperated with each other — and about 40 percent of the players used strategies not based on that of the best player .
As time went on , the groups became increasingly homogeneous , with either all players defecting or cooperating with each other .
The odds of adopting a random ( not- imitating - the - best ) strategy reduced over 25 rounds to about 18 percent , with a significant increase in players imitating the best player in a homogeneous group .
Researchers found that the odds of switching to following the best player went up as the payoff difference increased ; eventually , the wealth of a player using a certain strategy became too hard to ignore .
This sounds like an obvious result , but it 's possible to picture other strategies that are not so focused on one player prevailing — for example , surveying the whole group at once and using the strategy of the majority , or attempting to guess the next step of each player based on their play history and choosing the next move accordingly .
Overall , the persistence of random strategies , which were considered mutations in this model , were much higher in the beginning than in typical theoretical models .
Even so , players were increasingly likely to abandon them and do what the most successful player did as she continued to be successful .
In terms of evolution , this is the equivalent of selection , where organisms trying to survive stop what they 're doing and start imitating the organism that 's having the best luck in attracting the opposite sex .
There is still some contention over whether models should be so small as the one in this experiment .
The study argues that our predecessors only concerned themselves with their own small social groups , and our behavior may be adapted to that situation .
Its researchers note that a good next step would be to model systems on a more complex level that categorizes strategies in a more specific way than " imitation of an individual " and " everything else , " and to study them one both heterogeneous and dynamic networks .
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1073/pnas.0912515107
CC licensed photo courtesy of Thunderchild tm
Governments of every type make mistakes , what distinguishes the good from the bad – and the free from the tyrannical – is the facility to learn from them .
The legal manoeuvring in the case of Binyam Mohamed which emerged yesterday is thus deeply chilling .
The torture of this British resident , who was last year released without charge by the US after years of alleged brutish caging which left him feeling " dead " , is fast becoming established fact .
The allegations that certain UK agents knew about this are also becoming firmer .
But rather than confront these disturbing matters , the government has scrambled to conceal them at every stage – draping the " national security " blanket over American actions , British knowledge and , indeed , over the very motives for wanting to keep everything secret .
The " war on terror " is nowadays consigned to the rhetorical dustbin , but even as the Chilcot inquiry attempts to make retrospective sense of one of its messiest campaigns , the court of appeal has found itself called to active service on another of its gory fronts .
While retired Foreign Office lawyers queue up to tell Chilcot that their advice on Iraq was ignored , their hardline successors have pushed their attempts to suppress the truth about torture all the way to the final judgment – and beyond .
Still in some sense his master 's apprentice , the foreign secretary , David Miliband , yesterday turned in a Commons performance of such audacity that Tony Blair himself would have been proud .
No matter that he had just been forced to release the previously censored views of a lower court that the UK knew that the Americans were stressing , shackling and subjugating Mr Mohamed in a manner that " would clearly have been in breach of the [ anti- torture ] undertakings given by the United Kingdom " , Mr Miliband carried on as if he had won some form of victory – simply because the judges had given a nod to some familiar principles which govern the handling of intelligence .
He claimed quite definitively that without recent American rulings the decision would have gone the other way .
And in a truly Tonyesque twist he defied his accusers by proclaiming his innocence of a sin with which he was not charged , shrugging off the blame for keeping the public in the dark by pointing out that he had never attempted to restrict the information available for Mr Mohamed 's defence .
After the country 's top three appeal justices had circulated their views among interested parties – a custom designed to allow for the correcting of minor inaccuracies – the government 's barrister launched an unusual bid to erase the most damning passage .
He succeeded , too , although his victory was pyrrhic thanks to the leaking of his letter which – helpfully to the public , although not to his client – provides a singularly acute precis of exactly what he wanted struck out and why .
The court was effectively about to rule , Mr Sumption revealed , that MI5 had treated basic rights with contempt and had lied to the parliamentary watchdog which provides its only oversight .
In Mr Sumption 's summary , a senior judge had initially found that there was such a " culture of suppression " within MI5 that it undermined any government assurances on its behalf .
This devastating verdict upon a secret intelligence agency – contained in the original paragraph 168 of the Master of the Rolls 's judgment – was drastically watered down in the published judgment , though Lord Neuberger later admitted he may have been " over hasty " in submitting to Mr Sumption 's critique of his original words .
The court should now agree to the publication of the original paragraph so that the public can judge the three versions of it now in circulation .
Parliament cannot claim to exercise effective oversight of MI5 if ( as one of our most senior judges apparently believed ) it has been " deliberately misled " .
This is a desperately serious state of affairs , whatever spin Mr Miliband puts on it .
If you 're unfamiliar with USB 3.0 we can't really blame you .
Surely you know it 's going to be faster than 2.0 , but there 's been plenty of confusion and dismay surrounding the standard 's long and arduous trip to ratification , so here 's a quick refresher .
The first confusing thing ?
It 's also called SuperSpeed , and the vibe we 're getting is that the 3.0 moniker is going to be downplayed quite a bit once this tech starts to go mainstream .
Given the new name and the notably chubbier cables it 's easy to think that perhaps this new standard is n't backwards compatible , but fear not :
It 'll to work just fine with older cables and devices , so you can plug that scratched - up thumb drive into a SuperSpeed port if you like -- just do n't expect any speed improvement .
That said , your chances of actually plugging something in to one of those ports are still fairly slim at this point .
While more and more motherboards are showing up with the technology , with Gigabyte seemingly having the broadest support right now , most feature just a few blue - colored USB 3.0 ports next to the usual expansive stack of 2.0 openings .
The controllers we looked at from companies like NEC typically provided just two and , given that we 're expecting those controllers are considerably more expensive than 2.0 ones right now , manufacturers are n't generally opting to replace all the old - school ports wholesale just yet .
That 's partly thanks to a competing standard : Light Peak , which has been championed by Intel and Apple quite strongly , leading neither of the two to throw their support behind USB 3.0 .
Indeed Microsoft has n't yet either , and the story we got from representatives at MCCI is that it probably wo n't until Windows 8 .
Who is MCCI ?
Well , among other things it makes foundational elements of USB 3.0 drivers , meaning that lack of support is somewhat good for them .
Overall , though , it 's not exactly good news for the standard
Again , we saw multiple benchmarks showing that SuperSpeed can easily pass more than enough data to max out whatever was tethered to it .
There was plenty of bandwidth for uncompressed 1080p60 video , and DisplayLink showed off a USB 3.0 external display adapter that easily enabled the streaming of 1080 p video over USB before being converted into an HDMI signal .
Do you need enough bandwidth to be able to completely fill a 32 GB PMP in less than two minutes ?
Heck yeah you do , and given the choice between doing it with a backwards - compatible port like this or instead shifting everything over to a completely new one , we know which we 'd prefer .
Snowball fights are rarely thought of as " serious violent crime "
The Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police has criticised some of his officers for recording snowball throwing as " serious violent crime " .
Peter Fahy said the officers concerned had failed to show any common sense .
During last month 's cold spell , six snowball - throwing incidents were logged as serious violent crimes , although no - one was injured or arrested .
The classification is more often given to offences such as murder , rape and causing grievous bodily harm .
A spokesman for the force said the six incidents had been misreported by the officers and since rectified .
Scathing
But speaking at a police authority meeting on Friday , Mr Fahy was scathing about the mistake .
We are working with officers to ensure they know how to properly code crimes so they are an accurate reflection of the situation
Terry Sweeney
Assistant Chief Constable
He reportedly said some of his officers were too cautious in recording crimes as they were confused by government regulations and caught up in bureaucracy .
Mr Fahy , who took over as chief constable in 2008 after moving from neighbouring Cheshire , said he was trying to change the culture of over - recording crime in Manchester .
The chairman of the police authority , Paul Murphy , said : " I am disappointed some officers could n't distinguish between different types of crime but the force 's performance is improving significantly . "
He added : " This constant measure of performance makes people nervous and indicates almost a lack of confidence , which says that what I will do , I 'll report this and be safe .
You know , it 's disappointing that we 're not using elements of common sense in this . "
Assistant Chief Constable Terry Sweeney said : " Due to the complexity of the Home Office Crime Categories , occasionally incidents could be classified as a serious violent crime when they are first reported but downgraded when an officer has visited the scene and established the actual circumstances .
" We are working with officers to ensure they know how to properly code crimes so they are an accurate reflection of the situation . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
September 2 , 2009 — Hans
Since a few people have asked me how I recorded the Plasma HowTo screencasts , I decided to post a short HowTo here .
And is there any better way to show this than with an animated GIF ?
I can almost hear you saying “ of course not ! ” , so here we are :
I use byzanz to record my desktop .
It works as a GNOME panel applet but can also be used from the command line .
Now back to the screencast above .
I usually do the following steps :
Open a terminal to run the command .
My terminal emulator of choice is Yakuake , because it ’s very easy to hide and unhide .
I use the following command :
byzanz - record -- loop -- cursor -- delay=delay --duration=duration filename
where delay is the time before it starts recording , duration the duration of the animation and filename the name of the output file .
-- loop specifies that the animation will loop and -- cursor makes sure that it also captures the mouse cursor .
As an example , the command in the screencast is byzanz - record -- loop -- delay=3 --duration=8 -c plasma_howto - throw - ball
Note that I ’ve written -c here instead of -- cursor for some unknown reason .
Enter byzanz - record -- help to see all options .
I have a timer beside me which I start when I execute the command .
After 4 seconds ( 3 seconds of delay + 1 second when the mouse cursor is idle ) I start to do whatever I want recorded .
Now I set the delay to 1 second and start after a short delay ( ~ 1 second , no timer needed ) .
Afterwards I edit the file with GIMP to make the first frame 1 second long .
When the recording is done , I preview the file in Firefox to see if it looks good .
I ’m pretty strict – a small mistake and I redo the recording .
For example , the ball screencast I did in the screencast is on the borderline – I accidentally moved the mouse cursor one or two pixels after I ’m done .
Tips
Finally here are some tips and tricks :
I created a new user to do the recording .
This has several benefits , one being that you can nuke the Plasma config files without hesitation to restore the settings to default .
The command to do this is
kquitapp plasma- desktop ; rm $ KDEHOME / share /config/plasma-desktop-appletsrc ; plasma-desktop
If the $ KDEHOME environment variable is n’t set , try to replace it with ~/.kde4 or ~/.kde .
Disable Nepomuk / Strigi and other stuff that might pop up .
For me it did n’t work very well to record the screencast with Desktop Effects enabled .
You can disable it temporary in System Settings -> Desktop Effects -> Suspend Compositing .
Configure the task manager to only show tasks from the current desktop .
As you can see in my screencast , I keep a Dolphin and a Firefox window opened on my other virtual desktop to quickly preview the results .
Gwenview also works for viewing the GIF files .
However , note that it ’ll loop the animation even if they ’re recorded without the - - loop option .
I warn you about this because I learned it the hard way .
option .
I warn you about this because I learned it the hard way .
Most people probably know this , but to run the same command again you just have to press the up arrow on your keyboard to go back in history in the terminal – no need to copy and paste the command over and over again .
Just make sure that you do n’t overwrite a screencast you ’re satisfied with !
( Yep , it happened to me ) .
As you might have noted , my filename ( plasma_howto - throw - ball ) does n’t have the .gif extension .
There ’s actually a reason for this – to avoid overwriting good screencasts , I add the extension when I ’m happy with the screencast .
Then it does n’t matter if I accidentally run the same command again without changing the output file name .
( plasma_howto - throw - ball ) does n’t have the extension .
There ’s actually a reason for this – to avoid overwriting good screencasts , I add the extension when I ’m happy with the screencast .
Then it does n’t matter if I accidentally run the same command again without changing the output file name .
How to find out the duration beforehand ?
You can first do a test recording to get an approximate time .
If the actual record is too long – which is better than too short – you can edit the GIF file in GIMP .
The frames are shown as layers , and you can edit a layer name to change the duration of that frame .
The Next Major Bull Market Will Be In Economic Nonsense
I am not trying to be flippant , nor humorous .
Indeed , we in the US will very likely see a massive escalation of propaganda , phony economic data , massaged labor statistics , and the like in 2010 .
I ’ve been railing against “ massaged ” government data for years .
Whether it ’s GDP numbers , housing data , unemployment claims , or retail numbers , virtually every economic metric the Government or state department publishes these days is massaged or adjusted to paint a picture that is far rosier that the real economic realities facing the US .
Let ’s take US GDP Growth numbers , for instance .
The most common manipulations used to overstate this number are :
Understating inflation
Overstating production of various segments of the economy
“ After the fact ” revisions lower
Regarding # 1 , virtually every one on the planet realizes that the Fed ’s CPI ( measure of inflation ) is a joke .
For those who are new to this little game , first off you need to know is that the Government has altered its measure of inflation several times in the last 100 years .
The original measure was to simply keep track of how much it costs to buy a particular basket of goods ( say meat , milk , eggs , gasoline , etc ) .
However , the problem with using this measure is that it quickly demonstrates that the cost of living has gone up in the US dramatically as a result of US Dollar devaluation .
Indeed , if you ’re trying to pump an economy higher on credit to cover up the fact that incomes have fallen 40 % or so in 30 years ( while simultaneously forcing consumers into financial speculation in order to maintain the illusion of wealth ) , the last thing you want is for Joe America to realize “ hey , wait a minute , back in the ‘ 60s or early ‘ 70s only one parent worked and people were able to get by … why are both parents now working and still in debt up to their eyeballs ? ”
Consequently , the Feds changed their inflation measure to remove the costs of food and energy ( after all , how many consumers actually need to buy items from those sectors ? ) .
The beauty of this is that it not only hides the fact that a gallon of milk now costs $ 4 or so vs.
$ 1.15 in 1970 ( and milk is DEFINITELY not three times as awesome now as then ) but it also allows GDP to appear larger .
In order to illustrate this last point , think of a company that produces staples .
Let ’s say that in 1970 this company produced $ 1 million worth of staples .
Today , this company produces $ 5 million in staples .
So the company has grown five times larger right ?
Not if inflation has risen five fold over the same time period .
Instead , all you ’ve done is shrink the value of the currency in which sales are denominated ( in this case Dollars ) .
Put another way , your company has NOT grown , it ’s just that the currency it sells Staples in has lost a HUGE amount of value .
However , if you CLAIMED that inflation only rose three times as high ( rather than five ) then your company APPEARS to have grown a lot more .
In simple terms , by changing the measure used to account for inflation , the Feds are able to make GDP growth appear larger than it really is .
Other GDP accounting gimmicks include overstating various economic segments .
For instance , according to the latest GDP numbers , US exports of goods and services increased 17 % in 3Q09 vs. 2Q09 .
Given the fact that US production facilities are only currently operating at roughly 69 % ( meaning nearly one full third of industrial production facilities are sitting there doing nothing ) AND that the US is not exactly what one would call a “ production - based economy ” ( we have n’t been since we established the “ you make cheap junk that we ’ll buy with credit ” deal with China in the early ‘ 70s ) , I find it VERY difficult to believe exports are skyrocketing in the US .
A final GDP gimmick is to post a higher growth number that is then revised much lower in the future .
This particular tactic the government does n’t even try to hide , as evinced by the fact that 3Q09 GDP growth was first published at a 3.5 % annualized rate , then revised to 2.8 % , and then revised even lower to 2.2 % .
Let ’s imagine you had a friend who liked to tell you outlandish stories which he then downplayed time and time again until they were plain , ordinary tales .
How many times would you fall for this trick ?
Surely after three or four you ’d figure out that this particular friend rarely tells you factually based anecdotes .
Amazingly , when it comes to GDP numbers , traders do n’t seem to bother .
The above examples only pertain to GDP growth .
Virtually EVERY economic metric published these days ( whether it ’s retail numbers , housing numbers , unemployment claims , inflation , etc ) has similarly glaring defects / issues that cover up just how bad things have gotten in the US .
Indeed , the worse the US economy has gotten , the poorer the economic accounting has become .
Consider the following :
The US was only officially declared to be in a recession on December 1 , 2008 : right AFTER the ENTIRE financial system nearly imploded .
At that time , the recession was claimed to have begun in December 2007 ( so it took a full YEAR before the Feds announced the obvious ) .
The recession was declared “ over ” by Ben Bernanke and pals in August 2009 : a time when one in US eight mortgages were in arrears or foreclosure and one in eight US citizens were un / underemployed or on food stamps .
The US stock markets are thought to be in a new bull market despite posting a 24 % loss over the last decade .
The Financial Crisis is largely thought to be over ( or at least the worst is over ) despite the fact that NONE of the real issues plaguing the system have been fixed ( not to mention the ongoing problems in the derivatives , commercial real estate , and debt markets ) .
With mid-term elections coming up in 2010 , I believe we are at the beginning of a REAL bull market in economic / political nonsense .
The massaged data , nonsensical proclamations , and other shenanigans we ’ve seen over the last decade are JUST the beginning .
After all , no one is going to run on a “ we ’re in a Depression , not just a Recession , and we ’ve spent several trillions of dollars without fixing anything just so Wall Street can get record bonuses again ” platform .
Instead , we ’re going to see economic data become even MORE divorced from reality , assertions that the economy is back on track , and that at worst there is the specter of a “ double - dip ” recession looming .
Heck , even these fears are sugar - coated … literally ( making an economic nightmare sound like an ice - cream sundae is a GENIUS marketing move ) .
So , I for one , am mega - bullish on economic / political nonsense for 2010 .
Put another way , I believe that the worse things get , the better they will sound coming from our nation ’s leaders / pundits .
After all , with a Nobel Peace Prize winner upping troop numbers in a never - ending war , an economist who failed to see two bubbles until AFTER the destroyed more than $ 11 trillion in wealth winning Time ’s Man of the Year , and a CEO who somehow managed to convinced the government to give his firm $ 13 billion in bailout funds despite allegedly having hedged all its exposure on the very investment that it claimed it needed bailouts for named Person of the Year by The Financial Times , why could n’t you spin record food stamp usage as a “ consumption miracle ” or one in eight mortgages being in foreclosure as “ careful inventory accumulation ” or a Depression as a “ jobless recovery ” ?
I ’ve put together a FREE Special Report detailing THREE investments that will explode when stocks start to collapse again .
I call it Financial Crisis “ Round Two ” Survival Kit .
These investments will not only help to protect your portfolio from the coming carnage , they ’ll can also show you enormous profits .
Swing by www.gainspainscapital.com/roundtwo.html to pick up a FREE copy today !
Good Investing !
Graham Summers
http://gainspainscapital.com
Graham Summers : Graham is Senior Market Strategist at OmniSans Research .
He is co-editor of Gain , Pains , and Capital , OmniSans Research ’s FREE daily e-letter covering the equity , commodity , currency , and real estate markets .
Graham also writes Private Wealth Advisory , a monthly investment advisory focusing on the most lucrative investment opportunities the financial markets have to offer .
Graham understands the big picture from both a macro-economic and capital in / outflow perspective .
He translates his understanding into finding trends and undervalued investment opportunities months before the markets catch on : the Private Wealth Advisory portfolio has outperformed the S&P 500 three of the last five years , including a 7 % return in 2008 vs. a 37 % loss for the S&P 500 .
Previously , Graham worked as a Senior Financial Analyst covering global markets for several investment firms in the Mid-Atlantic region .
He ’s lived and performed research in Europe , Asia , the Middle East , and the United States .
© 2010 Copyright Graham Summers - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors .
Graham Summers Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Tim Quirk was the singer of punk - pop outfit Too Much Joy , signed by Warner Bros. in 1990 .
Now he 's an executive at an online music service , giving him insight on digital sales data and just how labels fudge their numbers .
Advertisement
I got something in the mail last week I 'd been wanting for years : a Too Much Joy royalty statement from Warner Brothers that finally included our digital earnings .
Though our catalog has been out of print physically since the late - 1990s , the three albums we released on Giant / WB have been available digitally for about five years .
Yet the royalty statements I received every six months kept insisting we had zero income , and our unrecouped balance ( $ 395,277.18 ! ) * stubbornly remained the same .
Now , I do n't ever expect that unrecouped balance to turn into a positive number , but since the band had been seeing thousands of dollars in digital royalties each year from IODA for the four indie albums we control ourselves , I figured five years ' worth of digital income from our far more popular major label albums would at least make a small dent in the figure .
Our IODA royalties during that time had totaled about $ 12,000 – not a princely sum , but enough to suggest that the total haul over the same period from our major label material should be at least that much , if not two to five times more .
Even with the band receiving only a percentage of the major label take , getting our unrecouped balance below $ 375,000 seemed reasonable , and knocking it closer to - $ 350,000 was n't out of the question .
Advertisement
So I was naively excited when I opened the envelope .
And my answer was right there on the first page .
In five years , our three albums earned us a grand total of … $ 62.47 .
What the fuck ?
I mean , we all know that major labels are supposed to be venal masters of hiding money from artists , but they 're also supposed to be good at it , right ?
This figure was n't insulting because it was so small , it was insulting because it was so stupid .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Why It Was So Stupid
Here 's the thing : I work at Rhapsody .
I know what we pay Warner Bros. for every stream and download , and I can look up exactly how many plays and downloads we 've paid them for each TMJ tune that Warner controls .
Moreover , Warner Bros. knows this , as my gig at Rhapsody is the only reason I was able to get them to add my digital royalties to my statement in the first place .
For years I 'd been pestering the label , but I had n't gotten anywhere till I was on a panel with a reasonably big wig in Warner Music Group 's business affairs team about a year ago
Advertisement
The panel took place at a legal conference , and focused on digital music and the crisis facing the record industry **.
As you do at these things , the other panelists and I gathered for breakfast a couple hours before our session began , to discuss what topics we should address .
Peter Jenner , who manages Billy Bragg and has been a needed gadfly for many years at events like these , wanted to discuss the little - understood fact that digital music services frequently pay labels advances in the tens of millions of dollars for access to their catalogs , and it 's unclear how ( or if ) that money is ever shared with artists .
I agreed that was a big issue , but said I had more immediate and mundane concerns , such as the fact that Warner would n't even report my band 's iTunes sales to me .
Advertisement
The business affairs guy ( who I am calling " the business affairs guy " rather than naming because he did me a favor by finally getting the digital royalties added to my statement , and I am grateful for that and do n't want this to sound like I 'm attacking him personally , even though it 's about to seem like I am ) said that it was complicated connecting Warner 's digital royalty payments to their existing accounting mechanisms , and that since my band was unrecouped they had " to take care of R.E.M . and the Red Hot Chili Peppers first . "
That kind of pissed me off .
On the one hand , yeah , my band 's unrecouped and is unlikely ever to reach the point where Warner actually has to cut us a royalty check .
On the other hand , though , they are contractually obligated to report what revenue they receive in our name , and , having helped build a database that tracks how much Rhapsody owes whom for what music gets played , I 'm well aware of what is and is n't complicated about doing so .
It 's not something you have to build over and over again for each artist .
It 's something you build once .
It takes a while , and it can be expensive , and sometimes you make honest mistakes , but it 's not rocket science .
Hell , it 's not even algebra !
It 's just simple math .
Advertisement
I knew that each online service was reporting every download , and every play , for every track , to thousands of labels ( more labels , I 'm guessing , than Warner has artists to report to ) .
And I also knew that IODA was able to tell me exactly how much money my band earned the previous month from Amazon ( $ 11.05 ) , Verizon ( 74 cents ) , Nokia ( 11 cents ) , MySpace ( 4 sad cents ) and many more .
I did n't understand why Warner was n't reporting similar information back to my band – and if they were n't doing it for Too Much Joy , I assumed they were n't doing it for other artists .
To his credit , the business affairs guy told me he understood my point , and promised he 'd pursue the matter internally on my behalf – which he did .
It just took 13 months to get the results , which were ( predictably , perhaps ) ridiculous .
Advertisement
The sad thing is I do n't even think Warner is deliberately trying to screw TMJ and the hundreds of other also - rans and almost - weres they 've signed over the years .
The reality is more boring , but also more depressing .
Like I said , they do n't actually owe us any money .
But that 's what 's so weird about this , to me : they have the ability to tell the truth , and doing so wo n't cost them anything .
They just can't be bothered .
They do n't care , because they do n't have to .
" $ 10,000 Is Nothing "
An interlude , here .
Back in 1992 , when TMJ was still a going concern and even the label thought maybe we'd join the hallowed company of recouped bands one day , Warner made a $ 10,000 accounting error on our statement ( in their favor , naturally ) .
When I caught this mistake , and brought it to the attention of someone with the power to correct it , he was n't just befuddled by my anger – he laughed at it .
" $ 10,000 is nothing ! " he chuckled .
Advertisement
If you 're like most people – especially people in unrecouped bands – " nothing " is not a word you ever use in conjunction with a figure like " $ 10,000 , " but he seemed oblivious to that .
" It 's a rounding error .
It happens all the time .
Why are you so worked up ? "
These days I work for a reasonably large corporation myself , and , sadly , I understand exactly what the guy meant .
When your revenues ( and your expenses ) are in the hundreds of millions of dollars , $ 10,000 mistakes are common , if undesirable .
Advertisement
I still think he was a jackass , though , and that sentence continues to haunt me .
Because $ 10,000 might have been nothing to him , but it was clearly something to me .
And his inability to take it seriously – to put himself in my place , just for the length of our phone call – suggested that people who care about $ 10,000 mistakes , and the principles of things , like , say , honoring contracts even when you do n't have to , are the real idiots .
As you may have divined by this point , I am conflicted about whether I am actually being a petty jerk by pursuing this , or whether labels just thrive on making fools like me feel like petty jerks .
People in the record industry are very good at making bands believe they deserve the hundreds of thousands ( or sometimes millions ) of dollars labels advance the musicians when they 're first signed , and even better at convincing those same musicians it's the bands ' fault when those advances are n't recouped ( the last thing $ 10,000 - Is - Nothing - Man yelled at me before he hung up was , " Too Much Joy never earned us shit ! " *** as though that fact somehow negated their obligation to account honestly ) .
Advertisement
I do n't want to live in $ 10,000 - Is - Nothing - Man 's world .
But I do .
We all do .
We have no choice .
The Boring Reality
Back to my ridiculous Warner Bros. statement .
As I flipped through its ten pages ( seriously , it took ten pages to detail the $ 62.47 of income ) , I realized that Warner was n't being evil , just careless and unconcerned – an impression I confirmed a few days later when I spoke to a guy in their Royalties and Licensing department I am going to call Danny .****
Advertisement
I asked Danny why there were no royalties at all listed from iTunes , and he said , " Huh .
There are no domestic downloads on here at all .
Only streams .
And it has international downloads , but no international streams .
I have no idea why . "
I asked Danny why the statement only seemed to list tracks from two of the three albums Warner had released – an entire album was missing .
He said they could only report back what the digital services had provided to them , and the services must not have reported any activity for those other songs .
When I suggested that seemed unlikely – that having every track from two albums listed by over a dozen different services , but zero tracks from a third album listed by any seemed more like an error on Warner 's side , he said he'd look into it .
As I asked more questions ( Why do we get paid 50 % of the income from all the tracks on one album , but only 35.7143 % of the income from all the tracks on another ?
Why did 29 plays of a track on the late , lamented MusicMatch earn a total of 63 cents when 1,016 plays of the exact same track on MySpace earned only 23 cents ? ) he eventually got to the heart of the matter : " We do n't normally do this for unrecouped bands , " he said .
" But , I was told you 'd asked . "
It 's possible I 'm projecting my own insecurities onto calm , patient Danny , but I 'm pretty sure the subtext of that comment was the same thing I 'd heard from $ 10,000 - Is - Nothing - Man : all these figures were pointless , and I was kind of being a jerk by wasting their time asking about them .
After all , they have the Red Hot Chili Peppers to deal with , and the label actually owes those guys money .
Advertisement
Danny may even be right .
But there 's another possibility – one I do n't necessarily subscribe to , but one that could be avoided entirely by humoring pests like me .
There 's a theory that labels and publishers deliberately avoid creating the transparent accounting systems today 's technology enables .
Because accurately accounting to my silly little band would mean accurately accounting to the less silly bands that are recouped , and paying them more money as a result .
If that 's true ( and I emphasize the if , because it 's equally possible that people everywhere , including major label accounting departments , are just dumb and lazy ) ***** , then there 's more than my pride and principles on the line when I ask Danny in Royalties and Licensing to answer my many questions .
I do n't feel a burning need to make the Red Hot Chili Peppers any more money , but I would n't mind doing my small part to get us all out of the sad world $ 10,000 - Is - Nothing - Man inhabits .
Advertisement
So I will keep asking , even though I sometimes feel like a petty jerk for doing so .
* A word here about that unrecouped balance , for those uninitiated in the complex mechanics of major label accounting .
While our royalty statement shows Too Much Joy in the red with Warner Bros .
( now by only $ 395,214.71 after that $ 62.47 digital windfall ) , this does n't mean Warner " lost " nearly $ 400,000 on the band .
That 's how much they spent on us , and we do n't see any royalty checks until it 's paid back , but it does n't get paid back out of the full price of every album sold .
It gets paid back out of the band 's share of every album sold , which is roughly 10 % of the retail price .
So , using round numbers to make the math as easy as possible to understand , let 's say Warner Bros.
spent something like $ 450,000 total on TMJ .
If Warner sold 15,000 copies of each of the three TMJ records they released at a wholesale price of $ 10 each , they would have earned back the $ 450,000 .
But if those records were retailing for $ 15 , TMJ would have only paid back $ 67,500 , and our statement would show an unrecouped balance of $ 382,500 .
Advertisement
I do not share this information out of a Steve Albini - esque desire to rail against the major label system ( he already wrote the definitive rant , which you can find here if you want even more figures , and enjoy having those figures bracketed with cursing and insults ) .
I 'm simply explaining why I 'm not embarrassed that I " owe " Warner Bros. almost $ 400,000 .
They did n't make a lot of money off of Too Much Joy .
But they did n't lose any , either .
So whenever you hear some label flak claiming 98 % of the bands they sign lose money for the company , substitute the phrase " just do n't earn enough " for the word " lose . "
** The whole conference took place at a semi- swank hotel on the island of St. Thomas , which is a funny place to gather to talk about how to save the music business , but that would be a whole different diatribe .
Advertisement
***
This same dynamic works in reverse – I interviewed the Butthole Surfers for Raygun magazine back in the 1990s , and Gibby Haynes described the odd feeling of visiting Capitol records ' offices and hearing , " a bunch of people go , ‘ Hey , man , be cool to these guys , they 're a recouped band . '
I heard that a bunch of times . "
**** Again , I am avoiding using his real name because he returned my call promptly , and patiently answered my many questions , which is behavior I want to encourage , so I have no desire to lambaste him publicly .
Advertisement
*****
Of course , these two possibilities are not mutually exclusive – it is also possible that labels are evil and avaricious AND dumb and lazy , at the same time .
Reprinted with permission from Too Much Joy .
Coffee was given to rats in the study
Scientists from Southwestern University found caffeine increased the female libido in experiments on rats .
The Pharmacology , Biochemistry and Behaviour journal study said the effect was caused by it stimulating the part of the brain regulating arousal .
But researchers said a similar effect was only likely to be repeated in humans who do not drink coffee regularly .
Previous research has looked into both the health benefits and consequences of coffee consumption .
Humans would have to drink 10 cups of coffee in one go to get the same effect and that is not the normal consumption level
British Coffee Association spokesman
The hot drink is linked to improving memory and reducing the risk of cancer , but studies have also suggested it increases the risk of heart disease .
In the latest research , scientists gave 108 female rats a moderate dose of caffeine before a mating test to determine if the caffeine had any effect on female behaviour .
They found that administration of caffeine shortened the amount of time it took the females to return to the males after sex for another mating session .
The study said the effects appeared to go beyond a simple boost of energy for socialising , but researchers said the effect may not be repeated in all humans .
Brain
Lead researcher Dr Fay Guarraci said : " These rats had never had caffeine before .
In humans , it might enhance the sexual experience only among people who are not habitual users . "
But she added the study should help improve understanding about the relationship between the brain and behaviour .
" Understanding the circuits that control this behaviour will help us understand how the brain works and what part of the brain mediates motivation because sexual behaviour is a motivative behaviour . "
But a spokesman for the British Coffee Association said : " We are not that convinced by this .
Humans would have to drink 10 cups of coffee in one go to get the same effect and that is not the normal consumption level .
" There are health benefits of coffee , but at this stage I do not think we can include this as one . "
