" Low carbon fuel standards " mean higher costs , few environmental benefits and less liberty
Climategate : A Veteran ... Brian Sussman Best Price : $ 1.99 Buy New $ 46.12 ( as of 08:00 EST - Details )
Within days , Majority Leader Harry Reid intends to bring sweeping energy and climate legislation to the Senate floor .
He wo n’t call it cap - and - trade or cap - tax - and - trade , and certainly not a carbon tax .
" Those words are not in my vocabulary , " he says .
" We ’re going to work on pollution . "
Senator Reid ’s twenty - pound bill will be laden with lofty language about " clean energy , " energy conservation , " green jobs , " reducing " dangerous " power plant emissions , ending our " addiction " to oil , creating a renewable economy , and saving the planet from " imminent climate disaster . "
Nullification : How to ... Thomas E. Woods Best Price : $ 2.00 Buy New $ 8.34 ( as of 05:25 EST - Details )
Environmental euphemisms aside , however , the legislation is really about imposing national " low carbon fuel standards " ( LCFS ) and forcing dramatic reductions in the use of oil , natural gas and especially coal .
It would expand on existing laws , regulations and decrees , like the Environmental Protection Agency ’s ruling that carbon dioxide somehow " endangers human health and welfare , " EPA ’s June 30 invalidation of flexible air quality permits for Texas refineries , Interior Secretary Salazar ’s offshore drilling moratorium , multiple state and federal renewable energy standards and mandates , and various state and regional " greenhouse gas initiatives " that restrict emissions from power plants and industrial facilities .
Green Hell : How Enviro ...
Milloy , Steven Best Price : $ 1.25 Buy New $ 8.10 ( as of 05:10 EST - Details )
The EPA , Energy Information Administration , White House and Mr. Reid insist that America can easily limit hydrocarbon use and switch to " eco-friendly " wind , solar and biofuel energy  at low cost and minimal harm to families , businesses and jobs .
However , their self - serving , other - planet claims are flatly contradicted by a host of studies by reputable analysts with a solid history of integrity and accuracy .
The most recent is a June 17 report by Charles River Associates , examining the " Economic and Energy Impacts Resulting from a National Low Carbon Fuel Standard . "
Prepared for the Consumer Energy Alliance , the study looked only at transportation fuels .
( Including coal for electricity generation and other uses would dramatically increase its cost estimates . )
Nevertheless , the study found that national standards implemented in 2015 would :
Increase average gasoline and diesel prices by up to 80 % in five years , and 170 % within ten years  sending regular gasoline prices soaring to nearly $ 5 per gallon by 2020 and $ 7.50 per gallon by 2025 ( assuming other international price pressures remain unchanged ) ;
Spur sharp cost increases for petrochemicals in plastics , pharmaceuticals and other vital products ; Direct Citizen Action :...
Ostrowski , James Best Price : $ 0.47 Buy New $ 5.75 ( as of 09:05 EST - Details )
Reduce employment and consumer demand significantly , by increasing the cost of transporting people , equipment , supplies , raw materials , food and finished products  for work , school , healthcare , business , manufacturing , vacation and other purposes ;
Cut business investment by $ 200–320 billion annually , compared to the no-LCFS baseline ;
Slash gross domestic product by $ 410 –750 billion annually by 2025 ;
Cost 2.3 million to 4.5 million American jobs , including up to 1.5 million in manufacturing and 3.0 million in the service sector ; and
Force household purchasing power downward by $ 1,400 to $ 2,400 for a family of four by 2025  impacting minority , elderly and other low and fixed income families worst of all .
None of this should be surprising .
As President Obama himself has said , the very purpose of energy and climate policies like LCFS is to ensure that prices " necessarily skyrocket . "
It is to force people to use less fuel , compel companies to change power generation and use practices , drive coal companies and utilities out of business , and force the development of new fuels and technologies that may or may not work .
Read the rest of the article
July 31 , 2010
The Pentagon on Monday told the US defense industry to bring down costs and find more savings in a “ new era ” of more modest military spending .
Ashton Carter , chief arms buyer for the Pentagon , delivered the belt - tightening message to a gathering of hundreds of defense chief executives and senior managers at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a Washington think tank .
ADVERTISEMENT
The appeal for cost savings was part of an initiative announced by Defense Secretary Robert Gates last month to free up funds for weapons and other vital military needs , amid increasing pressure on the federal budget .
The industry CEOs understood the fiscal climate had changed , Carter said after the closed - door meeting .
“ Everybody knows we ’re entering a new era , ” he told reporters .
“ They can do the math . ”
The US defense budget would no longer grow at the same dramatic pace that marked the years after the September 11 , 2001 attacks , and instead would expand at a more modest rate , said Carter , who also issued an open letter to industry .
As a result , weapons programs and services from private contractors would have to be carried out more efficiently starting next year , he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
By slashing overhead , the Pentagon could increase funding for “ war - fighting capabilities ” by two to three percent , said Carter , or “ in effect , doing more without more . ”
Gates told the same news conference that the Defense Department was looking for more than 100 billion dollars in savings from overhead costs over the next five years , starting with the budget for the fiscal year 2012 .
“ Over the past month , I ’ve directed the Pentagon to take a hard , unsparing look at how the department is staffed , organized and operated , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Carter , undersecretary of defense for acquisition , technology and logistics , said the defense industry needed to show greater productivity , similar to other economic sectors .
“ In the rest of the economy we expect it .
You get a better computer every year , and cheaper , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
But in the defense industry , he said : “ More has been costing more .
And we need to reverse that trend and restore affordability to our programs . ”
Out of the annual 700 billion dollar US defense budget , about 400 billion is devoted to weapons and services provided by private contractors .
Carter released a draft of guidelines for industry to try to rein in overhead costs , including an emphasis on fixed - price contracts .
ADVERTISEMENT
He invited industry and lawmakers to comment on the draft before he issued a final version “ later this summer . ”
Paul Baldwin is a 49 - year - old man from Portsmouth , New Hampshire .
As of June , Baldwin has been arrested 154 times for arson , trespassing , receiving stolen property and theft , among others offenses .
His most recent arrest was for stealing 48 beers .
Only 12 days before Baldwin 's most recent arrest , he had just finished up a one year jail sentence for stealing a $ 1.99 beer .
For that arrest , last year , Baldwin told the judge that he did n't need a lawyer , because " I 've been in this court more than you have . "
Portsmouth police Capt .
Corey MacDonald called Baldwin " a leech on the resources of this community . "
According to Seacoast Online :
MacDonald cited Baldwin 's criminal history as including 152 arrests , eight trespass notices , 75 citations , four different Social Security number aliases and convictions for thefts , receiving stolen property , arson and criminal mischief .
Baldwin 's latest arrest — for stealing two 18 - packs and one 12 - pack of beer from a convenience store — was in nearby Kittery , Maine , where Police Chief Edward Strong told the local NBC station , " I 've been here 32 years , and I 've never seen anyone with an arrest record this long . "
Keep it up , Paul !
[ Image via Seacoast Online ]
Aug 16 2019
I was n’t going to write about something so private for so many reasons , but then I realised that all this online guff has ever been about is our personal ride anyway , so why not ?
This blog has been a sporadic , creative exercise in memory - making , primarily for my amusement , but also so that we could look back in one place and remember the good stuff .
The bonus is that over the past ten years we ’ve been able to share where we are at with our family and friends no matter how distant they are .
So here goes with a complete public overshare .
We had no bloody idea where the winds would really take us , or for how long when we first set off from Brisbane to live in Argentina almost a decade ago .
All I know now is that life has always felt wildly unpredictable and best approached with a sense of open uncertainty and cautious surrender .
While I ’ve been working in the Cancer Services Team for almost two years as a Hospital Social Worker , nothing could actually make me any more prepared than anyone else while I waited anxiously for results of a recent biopsy .
A bit of a weird mole - ish type lump on my arm that had been there a while was checked routinely at the skin cancer clinic , and this time the Doctor thought it might be worth taking a chunk out to see what was up .
Fast forward a few sleepless weeks and I am diagnosed with some rare , weird - arse , pleomorphic dermal sarcoma , or soft tissue cancer .
Not a skin cancer at all .
I hear the word aggressive .
I hear :
We do n’t know much about this one , it ’s a bit special – but I know it ’s not in a good way .
I understand the language , I know all of the worst - case scenarios immediately , all leading me to oscillate wildly between inappropriate tumour jokes in an Arnie accent and sheer panic .
All of the fears and worries I had listened to from patients over the past two years were suddenly un-welcomingly relatable , but at the same time eerily comforting .
But what a perfect time to get cancer ?
Seriously , how fortunate am I to be diagnosed when I am finally working in a role where I am surrounded by medical experts and a solid team of exceptionally compassionate social workers .
I am humbled daily through my work by the incredible resilience , humility and selflessness of people dealing with advanced cancer , who are sometimes given only short months to live at the point of diagnosis .
Of course , not everyone handles a diagnosis with calm bravado , plenty of people absolutely , and rightly so , lose their shit ( the side I was leaning drastically to – at first ) .
If I am honest though , I often speak to people and think :
There is no way I could ever be as strong as you , or Thank God that ’s not me !
But somehow , now it is me ( kind of ) , and like all of us , I have to deal .
Best advice , hands down from my Dad , was that “ we all have to face our own illnesses and death at some time – you are ready for this , no matter what happens , hold you ’re head up high and treat everyone with kindness ” .
And so it is , about a week since surgeons sliced a huge chunk out of my upper arm that I am officially cancer - free !
I wo n’t be stepping out in an off - the - shoulder number any day soon , but I ’ve had all the scans to rule out metastatic disease and I am not needing any additional treatment .
Woohoo !
The negative flip side is that I ’m gaining a sense of that looming shadow I ’ve heard about , that rational fear that there might be a recurrence of disease popping up somewhere else in my body before too long .
It may be somewhere that ca n’t be so easily eradicated under anaesthetic and why I ’ll need scans every few months for the next couple of years .
It ’s not lost on me that the original tone of our blog was to ‘ squeeze the most out of life ’ .
I have never been able to imagine that I would live well into old age ; a thought that always drove me to spend my money on travel like I had limited time to live , with no thought for the future .
While I can honestly say that I have no regrets , the dirty bloody C - word has reminded me of just how fucking grateful I am for all the other stuff ; the sitting quietly in nature , the people I love , a job that I am passionate about , and the health that I now hold even more preciously close .
The huge upside to this experience is the insight I can now bring to my work , even though I feel I have had the cheaters version of cancer without the gruelling chemo or radiation routine .
I now appreciate the nausea - inducing wait for results and the physically painful thought of leaving the people you love behind .
Being able to empathise differently from a limited , individual experience now feels like a gift .
All of this to say , if there is something weird going on in your body , a lump , an ache , something , anything , GO and get it checked out !
Early detection means more options for a cure and even though it ’s scary , sitting with the fear of something feeling not right is way more agonising than putting on your brave undies and finding out .
As humans , no matter how rich or poor , or how well you have looked after yourself , how genetically blessed , we all have to appreciate that something has eventually got to give .
The kicker is that you do n’t have to do it alone .
This weekend Andrés and I are celebrating ten years on ‘ the ride ’ together and while I am not up for wildness , we are aiming to sit close to the ocean , watch the moon rise and hang on to the hope that we ’ll be squeezing a bit more out of the next few years yet !
Kris
HUGE thanks to family , friends and workmates that made sure I did n’t quite technically lose my shit over the past few months .
And if anyone is going through their own health rollercoaster and needs someone to talk to , please get in touch with me privately and I promise I will listen or at least try to point you in the right direction .
7 Filmmakers Share Their Favorite Keanu Reeves Stories 18 Sep 2020 | Jack Giroux | Slashfilm.com
For three decades now , audiences have been falling in love over and over again with Keanu Reeves .
We believe him when he ’s saving the world , we believe him when he ’s morally ambiguous , and in a few cases , we even believe when he’s ...
Read more
I had so much fun with this last year , I ’m doing it again : watch the original CBS News coverage of the Apollo 11 Moon landing and first Moon walk , reported live by Walter Cronkite exactly 41 years after it happened .
Just leave this page open in your browser and at the appointed times ( schedule is below ) , the broadcast will begin ( no manual page refresh necessary ) .
Schedule :
Moon landing broacast start : 4:10:30 pm EDT on July 20
Moon landing shown : 4:17:40 pm EDT
Moon landing broadcast end : 4:20:15 pm EDT
…
Moon walk broadcast start : 10:51:27 pm EDT
First step on Moon : 10:56:15 pm EDT
Nixon speaks to the Eagle crew : approx 11:51:30 pm EDT
Moon walk broadcast end : 12:00:30 am EDT on July 21
If you ’ve never seen this coverage , I urge you to watch at least the landing segment ( ~ 10 min. ) and the first 10 - 20 minutes of the Moon walk .
I hope that with the old time TV display and poor YouTube quality , you get a small sense of how someone 40 years ago might have experienced it .
Please note that schedule times are approximate , based on your computer ’s clock , and that the syncing of the videos might not be perfect .
You need to have JS and Flash 8 + to view .
This is just like real TV … if you miss the appointed time , there ’s no rewind or anything … the video is playing “ live ” .
I have not done extensive browser testing so it may not work perfectly in your browser .
If you run into any problems , just reload the page .
Thanks for tuning in .
Confused seagull that thinks he 's a cat : Bird sleeps in pets ' beds and eats their food
After falling down a chimney and into a seaside home , Mr Pooh the seagull was destined to become a very confused young bird .
The herring gull was adopted by June and Steve Grimwood , who found him as a soot - covered baby in their fireplace - and now appears to believe he is actually a cat .
The couple brought him up with their cats , providing a basket from which he acquired a taste for Whiskas .
Three years later , Mr Pooh has left the family home , but only as far as a nest on the roof with a female partner .
And he can't resist returning - three times a day for his favourite - food , announcing his arrival by tapping on the door .
Basket case :
The seagull thinks it is a cat and often sleeps in its bed The Grimwoods , from Shoreham - by - Sea in West Sussex , found him as a baby after he popped out of the chimney three years ago covered in black soot .
Mr Grimwood , 52 , said : ' His parents were long gone so we looked after him in the garden for a few days .
We have three cats and at first they were a bit wary of him but after a week or so he was eating cat food out of a bowl with them .
' I think he thought he was a cat . '
Greedy gull :
The bird eats the cats ' food with them out of a bowl
Now Mitzi , Gus and Henry let him share their food when he flies down from the roof , where he has nested with a female .
June Grimwood , 50 , said : ' He comes to visit three times a day for breakfast , dinner and tea and makes himself known by pecking on the door to come in .
' He does n't try to attack us because he is used to us . '
' At first the cats were quite wary of him but after a week they were eating out a bowl together .
He 'll also often wander in and help himself to cat food . '
' He 'll often just wander in and help himself to cat food or the cats ' biscuits .
' He also knows the sound of the fridge door opening and he 'll come in for that as well .
' He 's just like another pet in the family and even comes when he is called . '
A slight majority of Californians favor Arizona 's controversial law that makes illegal immigration a state crime and allows police officers in the Grand Canyon state to question people 's immigration status based on " reasonable suspicion , " according to a Field Poll released today .
However , the results are close and clearly divided along partisan lines .
California voters approve of the law by a 49 to 45 percent margin .
A 62 percent majority of Democrats disapprove of the law , while 77 percent of Republicans said they favor the law .
" It 's a very divided public here in California , " said Field Poll director Mark DiCamillo .
Opinions here are much more divided ( than national opinions ) , and I would even say that the splits are wider . "
The poll also gauged whether respondents who will vote in the gubernatorial and U.S. Senate elections support or oppose the Arizona law .
Supporters of Democrats Jerry Brown and Barbara Boxer largely oppose the law , and supporters of Republicans Meg Whitman and Carly Fiorina favor the law .
Gubernatorial undecided voters generally favored the law , and Senate race undecided voters were roughly split .
Corey Cook , professor of politics at the University of San Francisco , said that Californians ' views on the Arizona law will probably have little effect on the two races .
The real issue , Cook said , is how the candidates will deal with the immigration question .
Though Californians generally view illegal immigration unfavorably , the poll also found that respondents are less opposed to illegal immigration than those polled in 1982 .
Cook also said the immigration issue requires a balancing act by Republicans as they try to both address conservative values and gain Latino support .
While most racial and ethnic groups that were polled generally favor the Arizona law , 71 percent of Latinos disapprove of the law .
Whitman , the Republican gubernatorial candidate , has made several efforts to appeal to Latino voters in recent weeks .
She opposes the Arizona law , and recently published an essay in several bilingual newspapers highlighting her similarities with Brown , the Democratic gubernatorial candidate , on the immigration issue .
The Brown campaign has challenged this claim .
Fiorina , a Republican challenging Boxer for the U.S. Senate seat , has come out in support of the law .
The candidate recently criticized the Obama administration after the U.S. Justice Department filed a lawsuit against the Arizona law .
Because the lawsuit challenges Arizona 's ability to regulate immigration as a state , Fiorina said the suit was inconsistent , telling KCBS radio and KPIX that the government " ought to be applying that standard consistently " with regard to San Francisco 's sanctuary policies .
Moreover , most poll respondents have strong opinions about the Arizona law .
Of the 62 percent of Democrats opposing the law , 49 percent said they strongly disapprove .
Of the Republicans favoring the law , 64 percent said they strongly approve .
Some critics of the law , including several California cities , have called for a boycott of Arizona .
San Francisco banned city employees from traveling to the state , and a resolution in the Legislature calling for a boycott is supported by Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg , D - Sacramento , among others .
Walter Stone , chairman of the political science department at UC Davis , said that the issue will be less relevant in the gubernatorial race because both candidates oppose the Arizona law .
" It may cause some Republicans to entertain doubts about Whitman , but the choice is still between Whitman and Brown , " Stone said .
" Party responsibility is a stronger force . "
The poll was conducted between June 22 and July 5 , surveying 1,390 registered voters .
The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.8 percentage points .
Brent Bingham does n't believe in zombies .
Not the kind that rise from the dead and eat your brain , anyway .
But that is n't stopping him from teaching people how to beat the living ( or undead , or whatever ) crap out of them .
" Zombies are a metaphor , " says Bingham , a Denver martial arts instructor .
" We utilize the theme of the zombie as a common enemy to create a community that supports each other . "
Bingham pauses and reconsiders .
" But when and if they do show up , I 'm kicking their ass . "
He and an army of teenage boys , women , and the reluctant husbands they dragged to Bingham 's overly dramatic Zombie Defense Tactics class .
Tagline : " Do n't be a meatsnack . "
Bingham says the whole zombie - defense thing started with a phone call from a friend .
" One day he called me and said ...
' Would we be willing to teach a zombie self - defense class ? '
I said , ' Fuck yeah !
We 're totally going to do that , and we 're going to smash some melons ! ' "
Bingham 's Zombie Defense Tactics classes go something like this : A group of twenty - five or more students partake in a round of Humans vs. Zombies , the elaborate " tag " game that caused the University of Colorado to ban Nerf guns on campus last year .
Then , once the humans see that it's not so easy to escape from zombies , Bingham teaches them a series of self - defense moves .
" We teach four maneuvers you can use to fend off an actual attack -- whether it's a zombie or some drunk asshole at a bar or a rapist , " Bingham says .
" We 're addressing real world things with a fantasy theme . "
Bingham says he's also trying to get people off their butts .
" We 're trying to identify something for teens and adults who normally would n't take a fitness class , " he says .
" They do n't want to go to 24 Hour Fitness .
They do n't want a personal trainer who yells at them and throws cupcakes at them .
They want to have fun . "
And you know what 's fun ?
Smashing melons .
" At the end of the class , we dress up melons with zombie costumes and put them on sticks .
And we let each participant whack it , " Bingham says .
" The melon bash is fun because we use real weapons : shovels , baseball bats , crowbars , hockey sticks -- stuff you 'd see in your shed or in your garage or in any zombie movie .
It 's total hilarity . "
But so far , only one hundred humans ( mostly women and teen boys ) have taken part in the faux - zombie - smashing fun .
So to drum up business , Bingham is embarking on a free speaking tour .
For the low cost of zero dollars , Bingham will show up to your workplace , book club or new moms group and give one of three thirty - minute talks : " Five Keys to Surviving the Zombie Apocalypse ; " " Zombie Nutrition : A Meatsnack 's Guide to Z'pocalypse Preparedness ; " or " Fast Fitness and Defense for the Bait - Class Individual . "
Bingham calls the lectures Zombie Survival 101 .
" It 's completely off - the - wall , insane , crazy and funny , " Bingham says .
Not to mention unique .
" No one else in Denver is offering free zombie education that I know of , " he adds .
And even if you do n't believe in zombies , Bingham argues his classes could come in handy anyway .
" If you 've ever seen a drunken homeless guy walking down the street with nothing but his own survival on his mind , that 's what a zombie is , " he explains .
Just cross your fingers that the homeless guy has a melon for a head .
To sign up for an upcoming ZDT class , call Bingham at 866-490-7540 .
Human Brain Threat to Democracy ?
The evidence that humans are irrational continues to mount .
What does this mean for self - governance ?
James Joyner · · 11 comments
Joe Keohane argues in the Boston Globe that humans are predisposed to use information to confirm their existing beliefs , which makes democratic governance impossible .
It ’s one of the great assumptions underlying modern democracy that an informed citizenry is preferable to an uninformed one .
“ Whenever the people are well - informed , they can be trusted with their own government , ” Thomas Jefferson wrote in 1789 .
This notion , carried down through the years , underlies everything from humble political pamphlets to presidential debates to the very notion of a free press .
Mankind may be crooked timber , as Kant put it , uniquely susceptible to ignorance and misinformation , but it ’s an article of faith that knowledge is the best remedy .
If people are furnished with the facts , they will be clearer thinkers and better citizens .
If they are ignorant , facts will enlighten them .
If they are mistaken , facts will set them straight .
In the end , truth will out .
Wo n’t it ?
Maybe not .
Recently , a few political scientists have begun to discover a human tendency deeply discouraging to anyone with faith in the power of information .
It ’s this : Facts do n’t necessarily have the power to change our minds .
In fact , quite the opposite .
In a series of studies in 2005 and 2006 , researchers at the University of Michigan found that when misinformed people , particularly political partisans , were exposed to corrected facts in news stories , they rarely changed their minds .
In fact , they often became even more strongly set in their beliefs .
Facts , they found , were not curing misinformation .
Like an underpowered antibiotic , facts could actually make misinformation even stronger .
This bodes ill for a democracy , because most voters — the people making decisions about how the country runs — are n’t blank slates .
They already have beliefs , and a set of facts lodged in their minds .
The problem is that sometimes the things they think they know are objectively , provably false .
And in the presence of the correct information , such people react very , very differently than the merely uninformed .
Instead of changing their minds to reflect the correct information , they can entrench themselves even deeper .
“ The general idea is that it ’s absolutely threatening to admit you ’re wrong , ” says political scientist Brendan Nyhan , the lead researcher on the Michigan study .
The phenomenon — known as “ backfire ” — is “ a natural defense mechanism to avoid that cognitive dissonance . ”
These findings open a long - running argument about the political ignorance of American citizens to broader questions about the interplay between the nature of human intelligence and our democratic ideals .
Most of us like to believe that our opinions have been formed over time by careful , rational consideration of facts and ideas , and that the decisions based on those opinions , therefore , have the ring of soundness and intelligence .
In reality , we often base our opinions on our beliefs , which can have an uneasy relationship with facts .
And rather than facts driving beliefs , our beliefs can dictate the facts we chose to accept .
They can cause us to twist facts so they fit better with our preconceived notions .
Worst of all , they can lead us to uncritically accept bad information just because it reinforces our beliefs .
This reinforcement makes us more confident we ’re right , and even less likely to listen to any new information .
And then we vote .
This effect is only heightened by the information glut , which offers — alongside an unprecedented amount of good information — endless rumors , misinformation , and questionable variations on the truth .
In other words , it ’s never been easier for people to be wrong , and at the same time feel more certain that they ’re right .
There ’s much more to the piece , which constitutes a selective review of the political behavior literature .
That was never my research interest and my readings in the subfield are something like 17 years out of date but Keohane ’s presentation comports well with my observations over the past decade or so .
Certainly , large numbers of people believe that Bush promised Iraq would be easy , that we found WMD in Iraq , that Obama was born in Kenya , and many other things that simply do n’t jibe with the known facts .
I ’m not sure what the implications of any of this are for representative democracy .
Perhaps it provides support to those who argue that government by referendum is a bad idea .
But does it somehow render us unable to vote for politicians who will make public policy decisions for us ?
I do n’t see how .
There ’s not much doubt that most voters are poorly informed .
And , the cited studies would seem to add further reason to be dubious of the influence of negative television advertising .
But , even if people are slow to evaluate facts , that does n’t mean they do n’t form impressions that are close enough to reality .
Certainly , they ’re pretty good punishing politicians who underperform expectations and replacing them .
That this is n’t always an entirely rational process does n’t alter the fact that it tends to reward the political party in charge during good times and punish them during bad times .
Additionally , political parties serve as a pretty fair proxy for all manner of things which actually matter to citizens .
So , even poorly informed voters can pick candidates whose values more - or - less match up with their own and , every four years , either keep the current president or his party in power or toss them out .
In the off years , they can either choose candidates that encourage the president to stay course or signal that it ’s time to try something new .
Finally , it ’s not at all clear what Keohane ’s preferred alternative is .
Churchill ’s old saw about democracy being the worst form of government except all others we ’ve tried remains true .
The Indian manufacturing giant Tata is suing Greenpeace India over a computer game it has created to publicise the alleged impact on turtles from the company 's development of a new port .
The Pac - Man - style game is defamatory and an abuse of copyright , Tata Sons , Tata companies ' bulk shareholder , said on Friday at the New Delhi high court .
The court has served notice to Greenpeace , which has until 12 August to respond in writing to the lawsuit .
Greenpeace India launched the game at the start of June , the latest step in its seven - year campaign against Dhamra port , which is due to open this summer at Bhadrak in Orissa , a state on India 's eastern coast .
The environmental group alleges that the development will endanger local turtles .
Turtle Vs. Tata , which is still live online and has been played by nearly 25,000 people , places a turtle in the role of Pac - Man battling against Tata logos in the place of ghosts .
Tata is a huge international conglomerate with revenues of $ 70.8 bn in 2008 - 09 .
It owns Jaguar Land Rover and the steel company Corus in the UK .
In a statement , a spokesperson for the company said : " Greenpeace has unauthorisedly used the trademark Tata as well as the ' T within a circle ' device without the permission of Tata Sons , thereby infringing the trademark rights of Tata Sons .
Greenpeace herein has not only infringed the trademark rights of Tata Sons , but is also maligning the reputation of Tata Sons . "
Areeba Hamid , oceans campaigner at Greenpeace India , told the Guardian the case had no merit either on grounds of copyright infringement or defamation .
She added they will not change the game unless the court directs them to .
Ashish Fernandes , oceans campaigner for Greenpeace India , said : " This is a desperate attempt to stifle the growing criticism over their port project , and divert attention from the real issue of the impact it will have on a biodiversity - rich area .
Public opinion is on the side of the turtles – over 150,000 Indians , leading scientists and turtle biologists , politicians and national NGOs have come out against the port .
By first ignoring and now trying to silence these voices , Tata has shown that it cares only about its bottom line , and not the environment . "
Tata Steel is jointly developing the new port in a 50:50 project with L&T , another Indian conglomerate .
The port development team have previously said the port is not in the turtles ' nesting zone or where they congregate for mating , and says it has worked with the International Union for Conservation of Nature to identify potential areas of damage .
Greenpeace has been campaigning against the port since 2003 .
The group says the developers ' environmental impact assessment report was flawed .
It describes the site as " ecologically sensitive " , noting that it is 5 km from India 's second largest mangrove forest , the Bhitarkanika Sanctuary , and less than 15 km from Gahirmatha nesting beaches , the world 's largest mass nesting site for Olive Ridley turtles .
Hamid added the NGOS was also concerned about a white - bellied snake and a frog that a 2007 Greenpeace assessment of the site found were the first recorded instances of the species on the Indian mainland .
The case begins tomorrow .
• This article was updated on 27 July .
The second paragraph originally said " Greenpeace has until tomorrow to respond to the lawsuit " - the court has now indicated Greenpeace must reply by 12 August .
IN 2000 four Americans were charged with importing lobster tails in plastic bags rather than cardboard boxes , in violation of a Honduran regulation that Honduras no longer enforces .
They had fallen foul of the Lacey Act , which bars Americans from breaking foreign rules when hunting or fishing .
The original intent was to prevent Americans from , say , poaching elephants in Kenya .
But it has been interpreted to mean that they must abide by every footling wildlife regulation on Earth .
The lobstermen had no idea they were breaking the law .
Yet three of them got eight years apiece .
Two are still in jail .
America is different from the rest of the world in lots of ways , many of them good .
One of the bad ones is its willingness to lock up its citizens ( see our briefing ) .
One American adult in 100 festers behind bars ( with the rate rising to one in nine for young black men ) .
Its imprisoned population , at 2.3 m , exceeds that of 15 of its states .
No other rich country is nearly as punitive as the Land of the Free .
The rate of incarceration is a fifth of America 's level in Britain , a ninth in Germany and a twelfth in Japan .
Tougher than thou
Some parts of America have long taken a tough , frontier attitude to justice .
That tendency sharpened around four decades ago as rising crime became an emotive political issue and voters took to backing politicians who promised to stamp on it .
This created a ratchet effect : lawmakers who wish to sound tough must propose laws tougher than the ones that the last chap who wanted to sound tough proposed .
When the crime rate falls , tough sentences are hailed as the cause , even when demography or other factors may matter more ; when the rate rises tough sentences are demanded to solve the problem .
As a result , America 's incarceration rate has quadrupled since 1970 .
Similar things have happened elsewhere .
The incarceration rate in Britain has more than doubled , and that in Japan increased by half , over the period .
But the trend has been sharper in America than in most of the rich world , and the disparity has grown .
It is explained neither by a difference in criminality ( the English are slightly more criminal than Americans , though less murderous ) , nor by the success of the policy : America 's violent - crime rate is higher than it was 40 years ago .
Conservatives and liberals will always feud about the right level of punishment .
Most Americans think that dangerous criminals , which statistically usually means young men , should go to prison for long periods of time , especially for violent offences .
Even by that standard , the extreme toughness of American laws , especially the ever broader classes of “ criminals ” affected by them , seems increasingly counterproductive .
Many states have mandatory minimum sentences , which remove judges ' discretion to show mercy , even when the circumstances of a case cry out for it .
“ Three strikes ” laws , which were at first used to put away persistently violent criminals for life , have in several states been applied to lesser offenders .
The war on drugs has led to harsh sentences not just for dealing illegal drugs , but also for selling prescription drugs illegally .
Peddling a handful can lead to a 15 - year sentence .
Muddle plays a large role .
America imprisons people for technical violations of immigration laws , environmental standards and arcane business rules .
So many federal rules carry criminal penalties that experts struggle to count them .
Many are incomprehensible .
Few are ever repealed , though the Supreme Court recently pared back a law against depriving the public of “ the intangible right of honest services ” , which prosecutors loved because they could use it against almost anyone .
Still , they have plenty of other weapons .
By counting each e-mail sent by a white - collar wrongdoer as a separate case of wire fraud , prosecutors can threaten him with a gargantuan sentence unless he confesses , or informs on his boss .
The potential for injustice is obvious .
As a result American prisons are now packed not only with thugs and rapists but also with petty thieves , small - time drug dealers and criminals who , though scary when they were young and strong , are now too grey and arthritic to pose a threat .
Some 200,000 inmates are over 50 — roughly as many as there were prisoners of all ages in 1970 .
Prison is an excellent way to keep dangerous criminals off the streets , but the more people you lock up , the less dangerous each extra prisoner is likely to be .
And since prison is expensive — $ 50,000 per inmate per year in California — the cost of imprisoning criminals often far exceeds the benefits , in terms of crimes averted .
Less punishment , less crime
It does not have to be this way .
In the Netherlands , where the use of non-custodial sentences has grown , the prison population and the crime rate have both been falling ( see article ) .
Britain's new government is proposing to replace jail for lesser offenders with community work .
Some parts of America are bucking the national trend .
New York cut its incarceration rate by 15 % between 1997 and 2007 , while reducing violent crime by 40 % .
This is welcome , but deeper reforms are required .
America needs fewer and clearer laws , so that citizens do not need a law degree to stay out of jail .
Acts that can be regulated should not be criminalised .
Prosecutors ' powers should be clipped : most white - collar suspects are not Al Capone , and should not be treated as if they were .
Mandatory minimum sentencing laws should be repealed , or replaced with guidelines .
The most dangerous criminals must be locked up , but states could try harder to reintegrate the softer cases into society , by encouraging them to study or work and by ending the pointlessly vindictive gesture of not letting them vote .
It seems odd that a country that rejoices in limiting the power of the state should give so many draconian powers to its government , yet for the past 40 years American lawmakers have generally regarded selling to voters the idea of locking up fewer people as political suicide .
An era of budgetary constraint , however , is as good a time as any to try .
Sooner or later American voters will realise that their incarceration policies are unjust and inefficient ; politicians who point that out to them now may , in the end , get some credit .
Alphabets
RXPY includes the concept of " alphabets " .
These let you define a regular expression for types other than strings .
The initial code includes a proof - of - concept that matches lists of integer digits .
Engines
RXPY allows different engines to be used during matching .
The initial code includes a simple , recursive matcher , but the aim is to eventually support a DFA - based matcher , modelled on re2 .
Anarchism : A Documentary
international | education | feature Tuesday July 13 , 2010 17:10 Tuesday July 13 , 2010 17:10 by Steffi and Aragorn by Steffi and Aragorn
Anarchism : A Documentary
To the best of our knowledge , no comprehensive documentary about anarchism has ever been made .
This is a project to create a documentary which is as much a basic introduction to anarchism , as well as a story which looks at anarchism historically and globally .
Fellow anarchists !
To the best of our knowledge , no comprehensive documentary about anarchism has ever been made .
Of the often very dated films on anarchist themes that are available , most either misrepresent anarchism ( 1981s pro anarcho - capitalist  Anarchism in America ) , are focused on specific moments in anarchist history ( Living Utopia ,  The Angry Brigade ,  Lucio the Anarchist , etc ) , or discuss the wider social justice / alter - globalisation movements (  Fourth World War ) .
Such an absence is unfortunate , for we think that now , more than ever , a broad , accessible documentary introduction to anarchism would be of tremendous value to those of us who wish to share the history , ideas and promise of our diverse , protean movement with a general audience .
Instead of complaining though , were just going to knuckle down and make it ourselves !
We envisage creating , over the next year or so , an engaging , entertaining , relatively mainstream film that will cover  via interviews with prominent anarchists mixed with archival footage , narration , person - on - the - street discussions and explanatory animations  a historical overview of anarchism , an explanation of the core principles ( anti- authoritarianism , anti-capitalism , mutual aid you know the stuff ! ) and an exploration of all the contrasting but ultimately complementary views held by contemporary anarchists from around the world .
Wed also like to deliver a message of realistic hope and a call for action in this time of social and ecological crisis .
Being long - time anarchists ourselves , we recognise the importance of a supportive community in ensuring our project succeeds in fairly portraying both contemporary and historical anarchism and does not fall prey to personal biases or prejudices .
We will thus be communicating openly and honestly with the broad anarchist community about our progress and underlying vision .
More pressingly though , we also recognise the importance of mutual aid and so , even though were soliciting it through capitalist channels , we humbly request your modest donations ( at http://www.indiegogo.com/Anarchism-A-Documentary).
These will help us with our frugal travel , eating and living expenses , as well as with editing and post - production costs .
Those who cannot help financially are more than welcome to offer couches for the night .
Shared dinners and good company will also be essential to the completion of this ambitious task weve set ourselves , and if you donate some music to the soundtrack wed be eternally grateful :-)
We eagerly await your participation , your suggestions and your constructive criticisms .
We promise to weigh them up fairly as long as you promise not to pepper pie us if , in some cases , we respectfully disagree .
With love and hope ,
Steffi , Aragorn and friends
PS : Our facebook page : http://www.facebook.com/pages/Anarchism-A-Documentary/1...=info
Both pages linked here contain a FAQ section for further information .
Prof Peter Hepper , of Queens University Belfast , said : " It may well be that this individual was a good shot and so hit more of his victims in the head .
In most mass murders the aim is to get control quickly and so they seek the most efficient way of killing quickly which is a shot to the head .
AN Indian man cheated death after a swallowing a highly poisonous snake for a bet worth just a couple of dollars .
Zaver Rathod , 35 , killed the reptile by hurling stones at it after it bit one of his friends in Surat , in the eastern state of Gujurat , The Times of India reported today .
Egged on by his companions , the farm labourer then consumed the entire snake raw for a 100 Rupee bet ( $ 2.42 ) .
However , he soon fell violently ill and was rushed to the hospital yesterday with severe nausea and vomiting .
Doctors managed to remove the contents of his stomach before the snake 's venom could enter his blood stream , which would almost certainly have proved fatal .
Mr Rathod fled today to escape the glare of the Indian media , as reporters descended on the hospital to interview him .
Doctors expect him to recover , The Times of India said .
Officials have not disclosed what type of snake he ate .
The prize - winning writer and creator of Wallander was among those on board the Gaza flotilla .
Here he shares his private diary of the events leading to his capture
Tuesday 25 May , Nice
It is five o'clock in the morning and I 'm standing in the street waiting for the taxi that will take me to the airport in Nice .
It 's the first time in ages E and I have had some time off together .
Initially we thought we'd be able to stretch it to two weeks .
It turned out to be five days .
Ship to Gaza finally seems to be ready to set off and I'm to travel to Cyprus to join it , as arranged .
As instructed , I 've limited my luggage to a rucksack weighing no more than 10 kilos .
Ship to Gaza has a clearly defined goal : to break Israel 's illegal blockade .
After the war a year ago , life has become more and more unbearable for the Palestinians who live in Gaza .
There is a huge shortage of the bare necessities for living any sort of decent life .
But the aim of the voyage is of course more explicit .
Deeds , not words , I think .
It 's easy to say you support or defend or oppose this , that and the other .
But only action can provide proof of your words .
The Palestinians who have been forced by the Israelis to live in this misery need to know that they are not alone , not forgotten .
The world has to be reminded of their existence .
And we can do that by loading some ships with what they need most of all : medicines , desalination plants for drinking water , cement .
The taxi arrives , we agree a price – extortionate !
– and drive to the airport through empty , early morning streets .
It comes to me now that I made my first note , there in the taxi .
I do n't remember the exact words , but I 'm suddenly disconcerted by a sense of not quite having managed to register that this is a project so hated by the Israelis that they might try to stop the convoy by violent means .
By the time I get to the airport , the thought has gone .
On this point , too , the project is very clearly defined .
We are to use non-violent tactics ; there are no weapons , no intention of physical confrontation .
If we 're stopped , it ought to happen in a way that does n't put our lives at risk .
Wednesday 26 May , Nicosia
It 's warmer than in Nice .
Those who are to board the ships somewhere off the coast of Cyprus are gathering at Hotel Centrum in Nicosia .
It 's like being in an old Graham Greene novel .
A collection of odd people assembling in some godforsaken place to set off on a journey together .
We 're going to break an illegal blockade .
The words are repeated in a variety of languages .
But suddenly there 's a great sense of uncertainty .
The ships are late , various problems have arisen , the coordinates still have n't been set for the actual rendezvous .
The only thing that 's certain is that it will be out at sea .
Cyprus does n't want our six ships putting in here .
Presumably Israel has applied pressure .
Now and then I also note tensions between the various groups that make up the leadership of this unwieldy project .
The breakfast room has been pressed into service as a secretive meeting room .
We are called in to write details of our next of kin , in case of the worst .
Everyone writes away busily .
Then we are told to wait .
Watch and wait .
Those are the words that will be used most often , like a mantra , in the coming days .
Wait .
Watch and wait .
Thursday 27 May , Nicosia
Wait .
Watch and wait .
Oppressive heat .
Friday 28 May , Nicosia
I suddenly start to wonder whether I may have to leave the island without getting onto a ship .
There seems to be a shortage of places .
There are apparently waiting lists for this project of solidarity .
But K , the friendly Swedish MP , and S , the Swedish female doctor , who are travelling with me help keep my spirits up .
Travel by ship always involves some kind of bother , I think .
We carry on with our task .
Of waiting .
Watching and waiting .
Saturday 29 May , Nicosia
Suddenly everything happens very quickly .
We are now , but of course still only maybe , to travel sometime today on a different , faster ship to the point out at sea where the coordinates meet , and there we will join the convoy of five other vessels that will then head as a single flotilla for the Gaza Strip .
We carry on waiting .
But at about 5 pm the port authorities finally give us permission to board a ship called the Challenge , which will take us at a speed of 15 knots to the rendezvous point , where we will transfer to the cargo ship Sophia .
There are already lots of people aboard the Challenge .
They seem a bit disappointed to see the three of us turn up .
They had been hoping for some Irish campaigners who have , however , suddenly given up the idea and gone home .
We climb aboard , say hello , quickly learn the rules .
It 's very cramped , plastic bags full of shoes everywhere , but the mood is good , calm .
All the question marks seem to have been ironed out now .
Soon after the two diesel engines rumble into life .
We 're finally underway .
23.00
I 've found a chair on the rear deck .
The wind is not blowing hard , but enough to make a lot of the passengers seasick .
I have wrapped myself up in blankets , and watch the moon cast an illuminated trail across the sea .
I think to myself that solidarity actions can take many forms .
The rumbling means there is not a lot of conversation .
Just now , the journey feels very peaceful .
But deceptively so .
Sunday 30 May , at sea , south - east of Cyprus , 01.00
I can see the glimmer of lights in various directions .
The captain , whose name I never manage to learn , has slowed his speed .
The lights flickering in the distance are the navigation lights of two of the other ships in the convoy .
We are going to lie here until daylight , when people can be transferred to other vessels .
But I still can't find anywhere to sleep .
I stay in my wet chair and doze .
Solidarity is born in dampness and waiting ; but we are helping others to get roofs over their heads .
08.00
The sea is calmer .
We are approaching the largest vessel in the flotilla .
It 's a passenger ferry , the " queen " of the ships in the convoy .
There are hundreds of people on board .
There has been much discussion of the likelihood of the Israelis focusing their efforts on this particular ship .
What efforts ?
We 've naturally been chewing that over ever since the start of the project .
Nothing can be known with any certainty .
Will the Israeli navy sink the ships ?
Or repel them by some other means ?
Is there any chance the Israelis will let us through , and repair their tarnished reputation ?
Nobody knows .
But it seems most likely that we 'll be challenged at the border with Israeli territorial waters by threatening voices from loudspeakers on naval vessels .
If we fail to stop , they will probably knock out our propellers or rudders , then tow us somewhere for repair .
13.00
The three of us transfer to the Sophia by rope ladder .
She is a limping old cargo ship , with plenty of rust and an affectionate crew .
I calculate that we are about 25 people in all .
The cargo includes cement , reinforcement bars and prefabricated wooden houses .
I am given a cabin to share with the MP , whom I view after the long days in Nicosia more and more as a very old friend .
We find it has no electric light .
We 'll have to catch up on our reading some other time .
16.00
The convoy has assembled .
We head for Gaza .
18.00
We gather in the improvised dining area between the cargo hatches and the ship 's superstructure .
The grey - haired Greek who is responsible for security and organisation on board , apart from the nautical aspects , speaks softly and immediately inspires confidence .
Words like " wait " and " watch " no longer exist .
Now we are getting close .
The only question is : what are we getting close to ?
Nobody knows what the Israelis will come up with .
We only know that their statements have been menacing , announcing that the convoy will be repelled with all the means at their disposal .
But what does that mean ?
Torpedoes ?
Hawsers ?
Soldiers let down from helicopters ?
We can't know .
But violence will not be met with violence from our side .
Only elementary self - defence .
We can , on the other hand , make things harder for our attackers .
Barbed wire is to be strung all round the ship 's rail .
In addition , we are all to get used to wearing life jackets , lookouts are to be posted and we will be told where to assemble if foreign soldiers come aboard .
Our last bastion will be the bridge .
Then we eat .
The cook is from Egypt , and suffers with a bad leg .
But he cooks great food .
Monday 31 May , midnight
I share the watch on the port side from midnight to 3 am .
The moon is still big , though occasionally obscured by cloud .
The sea is calm .
The navigation lights gleam .
The three hours pass quickly .
I notice I am tired when someone else takes over .
It 's still a long way to anything like a territorial boundary the Israelis could legitimately defend .
I should try to snatch a few hours ' sleep .
I drink tea , chat to a Greek crewman whose English is very poor but who insists he wants to know what my books are about .
It 's almost four before I get to lie down .
04.30
I 've just dropped off when I am woken again .
Out on deck I see that the big passenger ferry is floodlit .
Suddenly there is the sound of gunfire .
So now I know that Israel has chosen the route of brutal confrontation .
In international waters .
It takes exactly an hour for the speeding black rubber dinghies with the masked soldiers to reach us and start to board .
We gather , up on the bridge .
The soldiers are impatient and want us down on deck .
Someone who is going too slowly immediately gets a stun device fired into his arm .
He falls .
Another man who is not moving fast enough is shot with a rubber bullet .
I think : I am seeing this happen right beside me .
It is an absolute reality .
People who have done nothing being driven like animals , being punished for their slowness .
We are put in a group down on the deck .
Where we will then stay for 11 hours , until the ship docks in Israel .
Every so often we are filmed .
When I jot down a few notes , a soldier comes over at once and asks what I am writing .
That 's the only time I lose my temper , and tell him it 's none of his business .
I can only see his eyes ; do n't know what he is thinking .
But he turns and goes .
Eleven hours , unable to move , packed together in the heat .
If we want to go for a pee , we have to ask permission .
The food they give us is biscuits , rusks and apples .
We 're not allowed to make coffee , even though we could do it where we are sitting .
We take a collective decision : not to ask if we can cook food .
Then they would film us .
It would be presented as showing how generously the soldiers had treated us .
We stick to the biscuits and rusks .
It is degradation beyond compare .
( Meanwhile , the soldiers who are off - duty have dragged mattresses out of the cabins and are sleeping at the back of the deck . )
So in those 11 hours , I have time to take stock .
We have been attacked while in international waters .
That means the Israelis have behaved like pirates , no better than those who operate off the coast of Somalia .
The moment they start to steer this ship towards Israel , we have also been kidnapped .
The whole action is illegal .
We try to talk among ourselves , work out what might happen , and not least how the Israelis could opt for a course of action that means painting themselves into a corner .
The soldiers watch us .
Some pretend not to understand English .
But they all do .
There are a couple of girls among the soldiers .
They look the most embarrassed .
Maybe they are the sort who will escape to Goa and fall into drug addiction when their military service is over ?
It happens all the time .
18.00
Quayside somewhere in Israel .
I do n't know where .
We are taken ashore and forced to run the gauntlet of rows of soldiers while military TV films us .
It suddenly hits me that this is something I shall never forgive them .
At that moment they are nothing more to my mind than pigs and bastards .
We are split up , no one is allowed to talk to anyone else .
Suddenly a man from the Israeli ministry for foreign affairs appears at my side .
I realise he is there to make sure I am not treated too harshly .
I am , after all , known as a writer in Israel .
I 've been translated into Hebrew .
He asks if I need anything .
' My freedom and everybody else 's , ' I say .
He does n't answer .
I ask him to go .
He takes one step back .
But he stays .
I admit to nothing , of course , and am told I am to be deported .
The man who says this also says he rates my books highly .
That makes me consider ensuring nothing I write is ever translated into Hebrew again .
Agitation and chaos reign in this " asylum - seekers ' reception centre " .
Every so often , someone is knocked to the ground , tied up and handcuffed .
I think several times that no one will believe me when I tell them about this .
But there are many eyes to see it .
Many people will be obliged to admit that I am telling the truth .
There are a lot of us who can bear witness .
A single example will do .
Right beside me , a man suddenly refuses to have his fingerprints taken .
He accepts being photographed .
But fingerprints ?
He does n't consider he has done anything wrong .
He resists .
And is beaten to the ground .
They drag him off .
I do n't know where .
What word can I use ?
Loathsome ?
Inhuman ?
There are plenty to choose from .
23.00
We , the MP , the doctor and I , are taken to a prison for those refused right of entry .
There we are split up .
We are thrown a few sandwiches that taste like old dishcloths .
It 's a long night .
I use my trainers as a pillow .
Tuesday 1 June , afternoon
Without any warning , the MP and I are taken to a Lufthansa plane .
We are to be deported .
We refuse to go until we know what is happening to S
Once we have assured ourselves that she , too , is on her way , we leave our cell .
On board the plane , the air hostess gives me a pair of socks .
Because mine were stolen by one of the commandos who attacked the boat I was on .
The myth of the brave and utterly infallible Israeli soldier is shattered .
Now we can add : they are common thieves .
For I was not the only one to be robbed of my money , credit card , clothes , MP3 player , laptop ; the same happened to many others on the same ship as me , which was attacked early one morning by masked Israeli soldiers , who were thus in fact nothing other than lying pirates .
By late evening we are back in Sweden .
I talk to some journalists .
Then I sit for a while in the darkness outside the house where I live .
E does n't say much .
Wednesday 2 June , afternoon
I listen to the blackbird .
A song for those who died .
Now it is still all left to do .
So as not to lose sight of the goal , which is to lift the brutal blockade of Gaza .
That will happen .
Beyond that goal , others are waiting .
Demolishing a system of apartheid takes time .
But not an eternity .
Copyright Henning Mankell .
This article was translated by Sarah Death
La cosa no se quedó en las apuestas , y MARCAapuestas también cuenta con la licencia de la Dirección General de Ordenación del Juego para ofrecer juegos de casino como la ruleta , el blackjack o las tragaperras .
The Obama administration , already
under
fire
for unprecedented allegations of racial bias , faces a new bias claim from a most unlikely source : one of the administration 's own inspectors general .
Decisions on which car dealerships to close as part of the auto industry bailout -- closures the Obama administration forced on General Motors and Chrysler -- were based in part on race and gender , according to a report by Troubled Asset Relief Program Special Inspector General Neal M. Barofsky .
[ D]ealerships were retained because they were recently appointed , were key wholesale parts dealers , or were minority - or woman - owned dealerships .
[ Emphasis added . ]
Thus , to meet numbers forced on them by the Obama administration , General Motors and Chrysler were forced to shutter other , potentially more viable , dealerships .
The livelihood of potentially tens of thousands of families was thus eliminated simply because their dealerships were not minority - or woman - owned .
As has been widely reported , the Inspector General 's study skewered the Obama Gang for strong - arming the companies into closing 2,000 dealerships , costing an estimated 100,000 people their jobs during a recession .
But the news media has ignored key elements of Barofsky 's report -- elements that are far more damaging , if possible , to Obama .
As we reported earlier in the week , a top Obama official , manufacturing czar and " Auto Team " leader Ron Bloom admitted that the dealerships could have been kept open , saving those jobs , " but that doing so would have been inconsistent with the President 's mandate for ' shared sacrifice . ' "
Barofsky says the administration insisted on the closings even though a GM official told him
that GM would usually save ' not one damn cent ' by closing any particular dealership .
...
Furthermore , a GM official stated that removing a dealership from the network does not save money for GM -- it might even cost GM money -- and that savings cannot be attributed or assigned to any one dealership .
And a reading of the IG 's study makes plain that some dealership closings forced by the administration were based largely on politics .
The report is highly critical of how dealerships were selected for closure , or termination .
Barofsky notes that
experts said that while metro areas were oversaturated with GM and Chrysler dealerships and reductions were needed in these areas , this was not the case in rural areas where GM and Chrysler had an advantage over their import competitors . [...]
Although sales volume in small towns may be lower , the cost of operating dealerships in small towns is lower as well .
In addition , closing dealerships in small towns could ruin the " historic relationship " that GM has had with residents in small towns and force buyers to drive to metro areas , where there are more competitors .
In the worst case , the loss of market share in small and medium - sized markets could " jeopardize the return to profitability " for GM and Chrysler , the ( the Center for Automotive Research ) representative said .
Representatives from the National Automobile Dealers Association also concurred that dealership terminations would cause GM and Chrysler to lose market share in rural areas .
[ Emphasis added . ]
Nevertheless , as Barofsky notes , " ultimately close to half of all of the GM dealerships identified for termination were in rural areas . "
That is where raw , hard , sewage - filled Chicago politics came into play .
Records indicate that in 2008 , Obama lost the vote totals in the nation 's 1,300 rural counties by nearly 80 % .
The Obama administration 's insistence on radical numbers of closures ended up shuttering dealerships in those rural areas disproportionately , while dealerships and jobs in metro areas -- Obama 's geographical base -- were left open .
Additionally , it has been widely theorized that dealers targeted for closure as a result of Obama 's interference were predominantly those who donated campaign contributions to Republicans .
Although evidence to date is largely anecdotal , given what we 've already reported about the Obama administration 's handling of the auto bailout , such speculation does have considerable grounds for support .
While that last point is leaves room for debate , the details contained in the Barofsky report are not .
As Barofsky points out , the Obama administration was given an advance copy , and " Treasury [ the Obama Treasury Department ] might not agree with how the audit 's conclusions portray the Auto Team 's decision making or with the lessons that SIGTARP has drawn from those facts , but it should be made clear that Treasury has not challenged the essential underlying facts upon which those conclusions are based . "
Included among those undisputed facts :
- " [ D]ealerships were retained because they were ... minority - or woman - owned dealerships " ;
- Thousands of jobs were lost , unnecessarily , due specifically to Obama 's " mandate for shared sacrifice " ;
- A disproportionate number of Obama - forced closings were of rural dealerships , in areas unfriendly to Obama , even though such closures could " jeopardize the return to profitability " for GM and Chrysler .
The media , of course , remain mute about these serious allegations in the Barofsky report .
They have limited their coverage to the job loss numbers and tried to place the blame on Treasury Secretary Turbo - Tax Tim Geithner .
For now .
Before long , we 'll be reading that it was somehow Bush 's fault .
Some people might say it ’s too early to decorate for Halloween but I do n’t listen to those people because I ’m literally that person who intentionally leaves Halloween decorations up all year .
Halloween is a state of mind , after all , and it is my favorite holiday in the whole world .
This year will be different , of course .
Hailey and I will still dress up and watch scary movies and I ’ll leave a bucket of candy and children ’s books on my porch for anyone who ventures out but that ’s about it .
However , this was the first year that I had a whole eerie window display to plan out for Nowhere Bookshop and it is my new favorite thing .
I was going to make ghosts reading books ( ala “ DYING FOR A GOOD BOOK ? ” ) but then I thought maybe that was in poor taste during a pandemic and then I thought maybe a fire breathing dragon but I was n’t sure if the fog machine would fuck with the books so I ended up with a fortune telling theme because I collect tarot cards and oracle decks and I already owned almost all of the props that I ’d need .
And after a few hours of work … it was done !
( Those are n’t real owls , by the way .
It know it ’s illegal to taxidermy owls here .
Please do n’t call the game warden . )
And I was very , very proud of myself for finishing my very first window display .
And then I remembered that window displays should actually face the window .
So maybe not a perfect victory , but a victory nonetheless .
PS .
I did manage to rearrange everything before I left so technically I think this counts as TWO window displays .
PPS .
Want to shop for the books in the window and support Nowhere ?
We have curbside pick - up if you ’re local and we ship everywhere if you ’re not .
Click here to see them all !
( We have a giant selection on our website but these were just a choice few I loved . )
The 8th Annual gaming expo , ChinaJoy is currently being held and will run until August 1st and one of their biggest attractions are their booth and cosplay babes .
Oh boy , they are darn gorgeous .
While we were unable to attend , thanks to PCgames.com.cn , here are some of the most gorgeous babes from the expo .
Enjoy !
Julian Assange is self - consciously an individual .
He thinks in his own way , primarily as a physicist , having studied pure maths and physics at university in Australia where he grew up .
So , for example , explaining his decision to found Wikileaks , he starts with his interest in the physics of a small release of energy triggering a much larger release ; asks what small actions might release energy for " just reform " ; identifies the role of information and observes the restriction on the amount of information flowing into the system ; and sees Wikileaks as a mechanism " to maximise the flow of information to maximise the amount of action leading to just reform " .
He also acts in his own way .
Other people carry laptop computers ; he carries a desktop machine in a rucksack on his shoulder .
He will stay up all night , fingers flittering across the keyboard , and then suddenly crash out fully clothed in the nearest chair when everybody else is getting up .
He is interested in " doing things that are not trivial or meaningless – making the most of your time " .
Julian Assange , the founder of Wikileaks , explains why he decided to publish thousands of secret US military files on the war in Afghanistan guardian .
co.uk
He reckons he is genetically predisposed to rebel .
His parents met at a demonstration against the Vietnam war .
His father , a lover of motorbikes who became an architect , taught him that " a generous , capable man protects victims and does n't create them " .
His mother , as a teenager , rode her horse into city hall to protest against the closing of pony trails , and later took off on a motorbike for Sydney where she survived as a painter , actor and artist 's model .
Assange 's whole lifestyle is independent .
At the age of 39 , he has no home .
Carrying his computer and a second rucksack with clothes , he moves wherever the cause takes him , usually arriving with no idea where he will sleep , a habit formed in childhood , when his mother 's new career running a travelling theatre company saw him pass through 37 different schools .
In his late teens , he says he was part of the computer underground , working on early versions of the internet , hacking into the email of the power elite .
An attempt to settle down to life as a university physicist ended , he says , when he discovered academic mathematicians and physicists were selling their discipline to military and intelligence agencies .
He denounced them in a paper , " On the Take and Loving It " , and set out to create a website as uncompromising as himself .
Material sought by Election Integrity advocates from Pima County 's 2006 RTA election no longer in ' secured ' facility
AZ AG Terry Goddard failed to examine evidence during his criminal investigation hand - count of ballots last year ...
Brad Friedman Byon 7/14/2010 , 3:27 pm PT
- Special investigative report by Brad Friedman , The BRAD BLOG
The mystery surrounding a long - questioned and allegedly " fixed " non-partisan 2006 Regional Transportation Authority ( RTA ) bond election in Pima County , AZ continues to deepen as troubling new details have now emerged .
The resolution in this matter --- should it ever come --- could spell trouble for supporters of paper - based optical - scan electronic voting systems , since indications are that if the election was rigged , it was done with insiders via the electronic central tabulating computers .
Late last week another new twist was discovered in the years - long election fraud investigation by Democratic and Libertarian Election Integrity advocates in Tucson .
The revelations come to light in what was thought by many to have been a settled election , at last , following a long - sought hand - count of paper ballots carried out last year by the office of AZ 's Democratic Attorney General Terry Goddard .
The AG had announced in April of last year that his criminal investigation hand - count had " affirmed " the original results of the election were correct .
As it turns out , The BRAD BLOG , which has been covering this bizarre matter for years , plays a small role in this latest development , as a promise that Goddard 's office made to us last year concerning the " poll tapes " --- remarks which he was asked about during a press conference at the end of the hand count [ see the remarks on video below ] --- may have now boomeranged on him .
Given that Goddard is now the likely Democratic nominee to face Republican Gov. Jan Brewer in this fall 's Gubernatorial race , this revelation could n't have come at a much worse time for him .
After many years of litigation , Election Integrity advocates have now finally been allowed to review the long sought - after poll tapes in question .
What they 've discovered is disturbing and , so far , without legitimate explanation .
Out of 368 precincts , 112 poll tapes are completely missing .
Moreover , 102 of the " yellow sheets " --- certified precinct reports , signed by poll workers , detailing corresponding summary information , such as numbers of ballots received , cast and spoiled , as helpful for important auditing functions at the precinct level --- are missing as well .
Furthermore , of the poll tape records that are not missing , 50 of them do not match the results as recorded in the final canvas of the election , according to the Election Integrity advocates who have compared them to the original electronic database numbers ...
The background , the anomalies , the whistleblower and the ' fixed ' election
Some background is in order to explain the significance of the rather disturbing new discovery in the case , which we revealed in an on - air exclusive late last week during an interview with Pima County , AZ attorney Bill Risner while guest hosting the nationally - syndicated Mike Malloy Show .
[ Audio of the complete interview with Risner is available at the end of this article . ]
Without getting into too many of the weeds --- and there have been many along the way --- the RTA bond measure , or ones like it , had been on the ballot several times in Pima , and had always been defeated .
In 2006 , however , the initiative was said to have finally passed .
Ironically , at least in hindsight , the Democratic Party had actually supported the measure at the time in order to help see new roads built in the Tucson area .
The election was run in Pima County ( Tucson ) on Diebold 's paper - ballot based optical - scan machines , the same ones seen being hacked in HBO 's Emmy - nominated 2006 documentary Hacking Democracy ( video of that hack here ) .
Election Integrity advocates from AUDIT - AZ ( Americans United for Democracy , Integrity and Transparency in Elections - Arizona ) and BlackBoxVoting.org became suspicious about the election results after the measure had passed , and set about investigating various red flags in the contest .
Along the way , with Risner representing the county 's Democratic Party , they were successful in securing the landmark release of Diebold 's so - called " proprietary " databases from the race .
The databases purport to show how votes were recorded and who may have accessed electronic tabulators at various times .
In the course of that victory , it was discovered that county election officials had been printing out results of the race prior to Election Day , in violation of state law , and were perhaps even manipulating the databases themselves .
For years , Goddard refused repeated requests by the Democrats to hand - count the paper ballots from the election to assure the machine reported results were correct .
The ballots had been held for some time by the Pima County Elections Division , and then in a supposedly secure , deep storage facility run by the Iron Mountain firm .
As the controversy roiled , and an official investigation by the AG found various concerns in the race , in the machines and with the county 's security procedures , a former county official filed a startling affidavit in July of 2008 .
He alleged that he'd been told by Pima County Elections Division programmer Bryan Crane that he had " fixed " the RTA election " on the instructions of his bosses . "
One of his bosses , Pima 's Election Director Brad Nelson , had been gained infamy at The BRAD BLOG some years earlier with his bizarre , video - taped outburst at a community meeting in response to questions by Pima County Election Integrity advocate John Brakey .
Brakey had asked Nelson about Diebold touch - screen systems which the state had just purchased for use by disabled voters when Gov. Jan Brewer had served as Secretary of State .
That video , which we fondly refer to as " Election Director Gone Wild " can be seen at right .
( Nelson would later begrudgingly apologize for the outburst when asked about it by a local TV news channel . )
Even after the county whistleblower had come forward to allege he'd been told the election was " fixed " on the instructions of election officials , Goddard still refused the Democrats ' newly re-iterated pleas to hand - count the paper ballots to determine whether the results , as reported by the potentially - manipulated electronic central tabulator , matched the hand - marked paper ballots as voted on Election Day in 2006 .
Given that they had no way to hand - count the ballots on their own ( only AG Goddard had the legal authority to call for a hand - count as part of a criminal investigation by that time ) , and that a judge had ordered the ballots --- long held at Iron Mountain pending the litigation --- could soon be destroyed , Risner filed a motion in court [ PDF ] requesting to review the " poll tapes and yellow sheets " , supposedly stored inside the boxes along with their corresponding paper ballots at the storage facility .
The poll tapes are paper records printed by the precinct - based optical - scan machines at the close of polls , showing exactly what was scanned and what the results of that scan were before those numbers are sent to the central Diebold tabulator at county election headquarters .
Goddard 's hand - count failed to examine poll tapes as promised
In February 2009 , within days of the legal attempts to gain access to the poll tapes , and without notifying the Democrats who'd requested them , Goddard suddenly removed all of the ballots and poll tapes stored in the boxes with them in Tucson , and whisked them up to Maricopa County ( Phoenix ) after , he says , he suddenly determined that a criminal investigation merited a complete hand - count of the ballots .
As the Arizona Daily Star reported on February 13th , Goddard said there was no basis for him to hand - count the ballots .
State law , he said , does n't allow for hand - counts simply out of " curiosity " .
On February 18th , attorney Risner informed Goddard in a letter [ PDF ] of the party 's attempt to examine the poll tapes .
And on February 23rd , Goddard 's office suddenly announces they 'd received a " secret court order " , to remove the ballots from Pima to examine them in Maricopa .
" There were suspicions that went in all one direction that could not be explained , " Goddard would later tell the media after the hand - count had been completed in April .
" There was n't a credible explanation for all of the different coincidences that seemed to have happened on this particular election . "
Though Goddard 's office had claimed the counting would be done publicly , observation was strictly limited to just a few observers from the various political parties who had to be specifically approved by the AG .
As the count proceeded , the AG's Press Secretary , Anne Titus Hilby , told The BRAD BLOG directly that the poll tapes would be examined as part of their investigative hand - count .
The Election Integrity advocates wanted them examined to make certain that the ballots themselves --- which had been stored at various times at both the Pima County Elections Division ( with the " Suspects " , as Risner has described them ) as well as at the Iron Mountain facility --- had n't been manipulated and that they matched the poll tapes as printed on Election Day .
" Do we plan to examine those ? "
Hilby responded directly to our questioning by phone , " Yes , we 're examining all of the evidence seized , including the poll tapes . "
That , however , would not be the case .
At his press conference following the count , announcing that the hand - count had affirmed the original tally ( with a few exceptions he believed to be minor ) , he was asked about the promise his office had made to The BRAD BLOG to examine the poll tapes .
As seen in the short video below , compiled by filmmaker J.T. Waldron , who has documented the years - long fight in Pima County in the recently - released documentary Fatally Flawed : The Pursuit of Justice in a Suspicious Election , Goddard threw his Press Secretary Hilby under the bus .
" She did not have the authority " to promise poll tapes would be examined along with the thousands of ballots at the Maricopa County counting room , Goddard explained .
His bizarre responses to those who'd pressed him at the press conference --- perhaps much more bizarre in light of the recent discovery of so many missing and mis-matching poll tapes --- are worth watching to get a full appreciation of his comments in response to the concerns expressed to him at the time ...
" Why would we count a poll tape ? , " Goddard said at the presser , as seen in the clips above .
" I mean , I do n't see how they are relevant to the hand - count . "
" The final evidence of the election are the ballots themselves , " he told the assembled citizens and media , apparently oblivious to the need to confirm the possibility of ballot manipulation by the " Suspects " in his own criminal investigation .
" The poll tapes are a different picture of the same process , " he said , telling a reporter , to the amazement of the activists , that counting ballots is enough and that he did n't see how examining poll tapes would have any relevance to his investigation .
Unanswered questions , missing evidence and more red flags
The Pima County Election Integrity Advocates continue to be skeptical about whether the chain of custody for the 2006 ballots had been truly secure by the time Goddard performed his hand - count in 2009 , or if the Pima election officials --- the " Suspects " alleged by affidavit to have " fixed " the election --- might have had the means , motive and opportunity to manipulate the ballots in order to cover their tracks .
In fact , as the EI folks pointed out during the hand - count --- while being ignored by Goddard --- the county had long ago purchased a " print on demand " ballot printer that can print ballots virtually identical to those used on Election Day in 2006 .
The actual original ballots , however , were printed by an offset printing press which , if compared under a microscope to the high - speed laser - printed " print on demand " ballots , offer tell - tale differences .
Such a forensic examination of the ballots being counted by Goddard , might have revealed that original ballots had been replaced .
When Goddard was asked about such a forensic examination at the 2009 post - hand - count presser , he admitted that , despite the requests , he had carried out no such examination to determine the authenticity of the ballots .
" Did you do any forensic checks of the ballots to make sure they were real , period 2006 ballots ? , " asked Jim March of BlackBoxVoting.org at the press conference .
" No , " the AG tersely replied .
One full year of litigation later , and the EI advocates have now finally gotten access to the poll tapes they 'd sought more than a year ago , the ones which were stored in Iron Mountain .
" 30 % of the poll tapes are missing , " Risner told us during our live interview with him on the Malloy Show last week .
" They simply are not in the boxes .
And that 's compared with the last election we had in Pima County .
Some citizens asked for copies of the poll tapes and they were all there --- 100 % of them were there . "
Risner says that prior to Goddard 's having swooped in to take the ballots out of Pima last year in advance of the hand - count , they had explained to him the significance of reviewing the poll tapes .
" We told the attorney general 's office that if we look at the poll tape , there would be clues on it that would tell us whether they had used the machines to fraudulently program [ the election ] , " Risner explained .
" That 's when he grabbed the ballots . "
Brakey and March 's examination of those poll tapes which are not missing , show that some 50 of them do not match the numbers in the Diebold electronic databases .
They say that many of the places where numbers do n't jibe are the same places where their initial analysis of those databases --- the ones they received after their long court battle to get access to them more than two years ago --- are the same places where red flags were seen , such as precincts where memory cards appear to have been uploaded multiple times , for reasons still unknown .
" A significant portion of missing poll tapes had corresponding anomalies in the electronic data records , " documentarian J.T. Waldron told us .
" It 's naive to think that electronic records would be manipulated without some measure to cover tracks by either creating a new paper trail or removing the one that exists . "
The investigators say they are eying questionable findings from , among other places , precincts in a small township north of Tucson , called Oro Valley .
When asked if he could offer any legitimate reason that the poll tapes would now be missing , Risner was blunt : " Yeah .
They 're possible evidence that the election was rigged . "
Goddard 's press office responded to The BRAD BLOG 's request for comment just prior to publication of this article .
However , new Press Secretary Molly Edwards informed us she 'd need time to look into the matter and into our detailed questions on the missing and mismatched poll tapes and yellow sheets , on whether or not the materials were there and / or accounted for when they performed their hand - count last year , and other related matters .
We will update this article with whatever responses we receive from his office .
' Immaculate ' perceptions and ' Not the end of the story '
So was the election rigged ?
Have all these questions been those of a bunch of conspiracy theorists ?
Even AG
Goddard himself , now set to be the state 's Democratic candidate for Governor this November , had previously noted that " there was n't a credible explanation for all of the different coincidences that seemed to have happened on this particular election . "
He even later conceded to the Associated Press that the paper - based optical - scan systems used in Tucson --- and in virtually every state in the nation , by the way --- " are very , very bad " ?
We still do n't know all the answers , and the EI advocates promise more news to come as their investigation presses forward .
But the fact remains that when we do n't bother to actually count paper ballots and rely instead on electronic scanners which may or may not be accurate , which may or may not have been manipulated , all of these questions continue to persist and the legitimacy of American democracy itself is further drawn into question .
The corporate media , however , would like to see things differently .
After Goddard 's hand - count last year " affirmed " the original results --- out of some 120,000 ballots reviewed , the count was off by " only " 600 votes or so , according to the AG --- local media declared the mysteries surrounding the 2006 RTA election to be at an end .
All was well again in Pima County 's democracy .
" It 's over .
Done .
Finished .
Finis .
Terminado .
The state Attorney General 's Office hand count of the ballots from the 2006 regional transportation authority election affirmed the initial results , " the Arizona Daily Star pronounced in an unbylined April 23 , 2009 editorial .
" Let that be the final word , " the paper pleaded , before offering a familiar , condescending refrain for Election Integrity advocates : " It 's time to move on . "
For good measure , they even used the " c " word : " Conspiracy theorists will probably remain unconvinced that Pima County is vindicated . "
The Star editorial , hoping to quell concerns , uncritically quoted Goddard saying that " the chain of custody was immaculate . "
How " immaculate " was that chain of custody ?
The Election Integrity advocates have discovered that the facility at Iron Mountain was n't as secured as they 'd originally been told .
" Our County Manager had instructed the County Attorney to tell Iron Mountain that no one could approach those boxes , " Risner told us last week .
" But in our recent poll tape case , the Iron Mountain guy said ' no one ever told us that , and our customers , the county , could always come in to these boxes ' . "
The county " could always come in to these boxes " ?!
Did they ?
Risner does n't yet know .
" That 's the next step in the lawsuit .
I 'm going to ask for permission to get that information from Iron Mountain , " he said .
" It 's not the end of this story . "
Pima County , it should be noted , still employs the same elections personnel who ran the 2006 election .
They are still operating , as Waldron says , " with impunity . "
To date , neither the Arizona Daily Star , nor any of the other local papers who declared the RTA election settled and done after last year 's hand - count , have bothered to report on the newly discovered 112 missing poll tapes , 102 missing yellow sheets , and 50 poll tapes that do n't match the original count .
• Special thanks to J.T. Waldron for his contributions to this article .
• See this February 18 , 2009 letter [ PDF ] from Risner to Goddard for much more detail on the back story .
* * *
Our interview with Pima County trial attorney Bill Risner , as heard live on the Mike Malloy Show last week , on July 8th , 2010 , may be downloaded here [ MP3 ] , or listened to online below [ appx 30 mins ] ...
* * *
Please support
The BRAD BLOG 's fiercely independent , award - winning coverage of your electoral system , as available from no other media outlet in the nation , with a donation to help us keep going ( Snail mail , more options here ) .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details right here ...
Why pay for antivirus when you get get first class protection for free ?
Microsoft Security Essentials has protected my desktop computer from viruses , spyware and other malicious software for more than nine months .
I ’ve had no security problems in that time .
I ’m a heavy - duty internet user spending hours online each day working in my freelance writing business .
It does the job so well , I barely notice the application .
There have been a few occasions when I ’ve seen warning messages , but dealing with them means a click or two and the problems go away .
Microsoft Security Essentials beats rivals
Microsoft Security Essentials is free , but that ’s not the only reason I think it beats paid - for security applications from companies like Symantec .
When I first looked at Microsoft Security Essentials in October 2009 , I described it as “ barely there ” , saying the software sips system resources so sparingly there was no noticeable effect on the computer ’s performance .
This contrasts with Norton Internet Security which slowed my computer down from the moment I installed the application – then proceeded to get worse over time .
Better still , Security Essentials is unobtrusive .
It never gets in my way .
There ’s no work full stop , no set - up , no tweaking and no worrying .
In my earlier report I said I was n’t yet certain if Security Essentials was better than Avast .
Since then , I ’d say the results are in , and Microsoft Security Essentials has the edge .
We ’ve run Avast over the same period on one of the family computers and the applications works just fine – although there is an annoying database update message .
I ’m planning to install Security Essentials on that machine too because independent tests show the Microsoft tool beats Avast on detection .
Like this : Like Loading ...
The U.S. Copyright Group ( USCG ) has been all over the news in recent months .
The lawyer group sued thousands of BitTorrent users who allegedly file - shared motion pictures belonging to their clients , including the Oscar - winning Hurt Locker .
However , it turns out that USCG are not copyright purists either , as they have blatantly copied the website of a competitor without permission .
During May this year the makers of The Hurt Locker filed a complaint against the first 5,000 ‘ John Does ’ .
Helped by the U.S. Copyright Group ( USCG ) , the film makers are requesting the personal details of individuals behind the IP - addresses that allegedly shared the film on BitTorrent .
With these personal details in hand , USCG is planning to send out a batch of settlement requests asking the alleged file - sharers to pay amounts up to $ 2,500 , or risk a full trial and a heftier fine instead .
In recent months USCG has already sent out similar ‘ speculative invoices ’ to downloaders of other films , including the indie movie Far Cry .
It ’s needless to say that the administrative process to handle thousands of settlements will involve quite a bit of work .
To make this easier for themselves and the alleged downloaders , USCG recently put up a settlement website where visitors to their main website Copyrightsettlements .
info are redirected to .
By itself the mere existence of this settlement portal would n’t really be newsworthy , but this changed when we realized that they had copied it from a competitor .
Six weeks ago a TorrentFreak reader alerted us that USCG was setting up a new website to deal with the settlements .
Instead of coding the site themselves , they had simply copied the code ( including the copyright statement ) and images from a company in the same line of work .
The images below show how both sites looked at the time .
Copied website before it was stripped ( large )
Source ( large )
Because the USCG site was hosted on a force.com subdomain , we were n’t able to verify the legitimacy of this site to find out if there was indeed a direct connection to USCG .
To be honest , we simply could n’t believe that USCG would be stupid enough to blatantly rip - off a website like this , so we assumed that someone had tried to pull off a prank .
A month after the email , however , the same site popped up again when we tried to access the website of USCG .
Although the original layout was stripped down significantly over the past weeks , the website still uses code and images from the Copyright Enforcement Group .
Initially , USCG even listed their competitor ’s phone number on their site , but they were wise enough to remove this and other texts that refer to the Copyright Enforcement Group .
That said , there is no doubt that USCG ’s website is ‘ stolen ’ .
Both the source code and the copied image names clearly reveal that the code was blatantly copied from their competitors .
Armed with this knowledge we decided to contact the victims of this apparent violation to ask if they had perhaps authorized this use .
The answer we got was clear .
“ Thank you for bringing this to our attention .
We are not associated with the US Copyright Group and they are not authorized to use Copyright Enforcement Group materials , ” a representative of the Copyright Enforcement Group told Torrent Freak in a response .
The same representative told TorrentFreak that the US Copyright Group and Dunlap , Grubb & Weaver will be receiving a cease and desist from Copyright Enforcement Group .
Of course , we ’ve seen this type of behavior before .
The UK ’s ACS : Law , also writing to thousands of file - sharers demanding cash payments for alleged infringements , are n’t whiter than white either .
They took sections of several news articles and tried , unsuccessfully , to pass them off as their own content on their company website .
So there we have it once again .
An outfit that targets copyright infringers is actively infringing copyright themselves .
They are so incompetent and probably blinded by the dollar signs in their eyes , that they ca n’t even put a website together without breaking the law themselves – copyright law .
Update : USCG has started to remove some images after our post .
This file , among others , has been replaced by a ‘ placeholder ’ .
A confession ?
Update :
They removed even more images .
Also , their ‘ copyright ’ text was stolen as well …
Should n’t knowing the basics of the oil leak be a good place to start ?
After watching the Bush years push away science it would be a pleasant change to see the Obama team insist on at least knowing information such as how much is leaking .
Is it really asking for too much ?
More from Dan Froomkin at the Huffington Post :
A group of independent scientists , frustrated and dumbfounded by the continued lack of the most basic data about the 77 - day - old BP oil disaster , has put together a crash project intended to definitively measure how much oil has spilled and where and how it is spreading throughout the waters of the Gulf of Mexico .
An all - star team of top oceanographers , chemists , engineers and other scientists could be ready to head out to the well site on two fully - equipped research vessels on about a week ’s notice .
But they need to get the go - ahead — and about $ 8.4 million — from BP or the federal government or both .
And that does not appear imminent .
The test is designed to provide responders to future deep - sea oil catastrophes with valuable information .
But , to be blunt , it would also fill an enormous gap in the response to this one .
Audio : 40 Jahre Schweizer Klang - Qualität : Dieter Meier von Yello
Seit 40 Jahren steht das Duo Yello für Schweizer Qualität , jetzt gibt es wieder ein neues Album : " Point " .
Im WDR 2 Gespräch erzählt Sänger Dieter Meier , dass er Anfang der 80er etwa bei " Bostitch " eine Art " Frühform von Rap zelebriert " habe , als er noch kein so routinierter Sänger gewesen sei , aber ein gutes Rhythmus - Gefühl gehabt habe .
Seinen 75 .
Geburtstag im Frühjahr diess Jahres bezeichnete er als " unwichtige Tatsache " - groß gefeiert hätte er ihn auch ohne Corona nicht , sagt er. | audio
SAN DIEGO – Asked about his rumored role as director of Marvel Comics movie The Avengers , Joss Whedon confirmed Thursday that he 'd landed the gig .
" That is not an official thing , " he said during his Hall H panel with J.J. Abrams at Comic - Con International here .
" Because , I think , Marvel could n't afford like a press release , so can I just make that an official thing ?
I 'm directing The Avengers . "
The crowd roared its approval .
" Hey , it 's just a gig , you know ? " he joked .
Have you enjoyed Dream Kelly 's Nude Picture ?
See more teen sex galleries
I have grown up in church all of my life .
Every Sunday morning and evening , every Wednesday night , and any other times that my parents entered those doors , so did I .
All of my friends growing up were from the church , many of my childhood memories were made in the church .
My schooling was done at home until 6th grade .
Because of this , my family has a very unusual strength to it .
We have spent so much time in homeschool we had no choice but to like each other .
This was my childhood .
In the midst of that strong love I learned to have and hold , was a life sheltered and protected from the outside world .
There are many wonderful things to learn from this lifestyle though .
Drugs and getting drunk on alcohol do n’t really appeal to me .
My relationship with God has remained firm despite the difficulties of life .
I am who I am because of the strength of my family , and the relationship with God I found in church .
These two institutions , family and church , have played a crucial role in forming my positive outlook in life .
There are other things though , things that have been very difficult for me , personal issues that I am still trying to overcome .
Homeschooling and church did n’t cause them directly .
Indirectly though , a mindset of protection and shelter was implied .
I have been struggling with this mindset even into my adulthood .
I do n’t believe that church and homeschool are a wrong way to raise your kids , but nothing is perfect .
Thankfully , Jesus is .
In the early to late 90s there was a movement in the protestant churches to do away with dating .
Joshua Harris ’ book I kissed Dating Goodbye was popular fair at the time .
Many youth pastors took up his flag of “ do n’t date but wait ” and ran with it .
The concept was simple , beautiful , and fatefully romantic .
Do away with dating and pursue God .
If the right girl enters your life , court her — that is , date her with the intent of marriage — and allow God to bring it to pass .
Sounds like the perfect movie premise .
A man does away with romance until fate brings along the perfect woman .
Despite the problems with this premise , my young mind ate it up .
It fit right along with the sheltered mindset I had .
Protect yourself from the wily ways of dating and give it over to God .
I treated God as a fateful cupid with an arrow of love waiting to pierce my bosom .
I have always been a hopeless romantic you see .
Even before the hormones hit , I dreamt of the perfect fairytale marriage to that certain special someone .
Watching love stories in movies was a window into these dreams , an archetype that spoke deeply to my longing , romantic heart .
Disney ’s Robin Hood was a favorite of my childhood .
Every time my family entered the video store I went to the children ’s section and grabbed it .
My brother ’s groaned as mother rented it yet again , hiding a smile .
After watching , countless times , the fox save the princess and then marry her , I remember wondering to myself , much like the rabbit in the beginning , what happens next ?
As the carriage drove away with the sign “ Just Married ! ” tied to the back , I saw the two newlyweds kissing in the window .
It seemed like something special and wonderful was in store for them .
I wanted it with all my heart .
Fast - forward through my awkward tween years and into high school , and you have a very nervous teenager who has finally “ arrived ” ready to make such romantic dreams a reality .
I was a sophomore when it happened … not speaking of dreams fulfilled now , but rather delayed for more than a decade ( and hopefully no longer ) .
It was my brother who introduced me to the book , I kissed Dating Goodbye .
He was of that pious sort that stuck to an idea and ran with it to its very end , no matter what .
I was much the same and I strongly looked up to his simplistic ideals .
I had seen the pain dating had caused my older brothers .
I did n’t want that .
When he spoke of a college group he attended called Bachelors ‘ Till the Rapture , I was all ears .
It seemed so smart , so wise .
Chase after God and let him bring her into your life .
I made myself an unofficial member .
That night , I made a very solemn promise to Jesus , sealing the deal .
“ I wo n’t date anyone until You show me the girl I ’m supposed to marry . ”
My brother eventually gave up these ideals .
Now he is married with three beautiful children .
I , on the other hand , was a bit more stubborn .
Fast - forward , once again , twelve years later .
I ’m 28 , unmarried , single , and have no idea how to relate to women in a dating situation .
It is n’t for lack of trying .
I ’ve long since given up the stubborn promise I unwittingly made to Jesus .
There are several glaring problems to the premise of the book .
How can you kiss dating goodbye , after all , and still “ date ” in your courtship ?
Perhaps the title should have been , Dating Responsibly .
Even still , how do you find out who the “ right one ” is to court , how do you get to know her without dating her first ?
With a mature mind I have realized my mistake in trusting my decisions to a brother and a book .
Still what is left is a mature adult with an adolescent understanding of relationships .
Any girl I meet is going to automatically assume that I ’ve done this before countless times .
I ’m 28 after all and rather handsome if I do say so myself .
When women see that a connection is n’t being made , they move on , secure in the knowledge that he ’s a good guy but is n’t the right one .
Little do they know , I have n’t been playing this game for very long ; the reason any connections might be missing may be because I have no idea what I ’m doing .
A few frustrating days later it hits me though , my maturity catches up and smacks me square in the forehead .
I get it .
When she said she had no one to talk to about such and such , she was testing me .
She wanted to see if I would be the person that she could talk to .
I could have given her that response in spades if given the time to figure it out and make it happen , but I ’m 28 years old .
I should know better by now right ?
It was all for romance that I made such a harmful promise of waiting instead of dating .
I wanted the best that God had for me , the only one girl worthy to receive my affections .
I also had an extreme fear of being hurt .
So , skipping the whole dating thing and getting on to the courtship seemed an easy way to also skip my fear of rejection .
Ironically , this one little promise has caused me worlds of pain , more so , I wager , than simply opening my heart to a good girl .
Instead of giving me that romance I desperately long for , the ideals of my lofty promise have squandered it , making me a dunce on the subject .
Women from afar may see me in a rather handsome way , but up close they find a distant man .
I ’ve been protecting my heart for so long , it ’s very hard to open up to them in that way .
What was I protecting my hear form though ?
What monsters where out to get me ?
It was all an illusion , fabricated by Joshua Harris and those youth pastors who themselves dated in order to marry .
I heard so many stories by them , stories of men that had fallen victim to their lusts .
I did n’t trust myself to make it , so I abstained from dating entirely .
I protected and sheltered myself from it .
Out of fear I said no !
To put it bluntly what I had really meant with the promise was , “ God I am afraid that if I date I will have sex with women .
So instead of dating I ’m going to pursue after you . ”
The result ?
I have been coming to God out of fear for twelve years , putting his views of romance in a box of my own creation .
Only when he pointed and said , “ Pursue her ” would I then go and pursue her .
But what if God wished for me to meet the one through different means , like perhaps actually dating one ?
There were many great young women that came across my path , many wonderful matches that I turned my heart from because it did n’t fit the fearful promise I had made to God .
Instead of making me a godly person , these ideals made me picky and hard to please .
Instead of helping me love others , it made me selfish .
Instead of drawing me closer to God it drew me further away .
When he did n’t answer my prayers in the way that I wanted them , I became frighteningly angry at him .
Behind my pious outlook and façade of godliness was a demanding brutal resolve , “ I want a women exactly like this God , this way and no other . ”
I am eating my own words now .
Even after being free from that strange sheltered mindset , there are women I have met with the same ideals I had entertained for so long .
Instead of giving me a chance to love , they turn their backs when I do n’t meet up to their picky standards .
I want to shake them out of it , tell them and warn them , that they will regret this .
I too walked the fearful path they now tread .
I ca n’t tell them though , and I ca n’t take those twelve lonesome years back .
It ’s gone like the wind , past memories of regret .
All I can do is blog about it in the fervent hope that someone out there will listen and take my warnings to heart .
Even today there are teenagers who see things as I did , they protect and shelter their hearts and minds too closely , running away from any chance of a relationship .
You should be protective of what God has blessed you with , but not so much that you never take any chances , not so much that you live in fear .
For God hath not given us the spirit of fear ; but of power , and of love , and of a sound mind .
2 Timothy 1:7
Come to Jesus out of love not fear .
Trust him to help you grow .
Be free to live your lives in pursuit of the opposite sex .
Be touchable and open to commitment , you never know what can happen .
Check out I Have Two Question ’s for Romance .
The folks at Palestinian Refugee ResearchNet thought they ’d create a Facebook page only to discover : Facebook blocks the term “ Palestinian ” !
( H/t Jillian C York . )
Are Palestinians the only group so blocked from making pages ?
Well , not really … after a little fiddling around , I discovered that al - Qaida Refugee ResearchNet and Nazi Refugee ResearchNet are filtered too .
It does seem a bit odd , however , that a population of up to 12 million people , receiving more than a billion dollars in international aid , recognized by the UN , and enjoying a degree of formal diplomatic recognition from the United States — is placed in the same filtered category as Nazis and al - Qaida .
I ’ve sent an email to Facebook customer service — we ’ll see what they say .
I already have a support account
Note :
This is not your normal Steam account
Email or Support account username
Password
Remember me until I sign out
Scottie Pippen | Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame | Class of 2010
It was a late fall morning very early in Scottie Pippen ’s professional career , as it was for Phil Jackson too , for that matter .
The Bulls , at the time , held practices at the Deerfield Multiplex , with the coaches ’ offices located just off the baseline , only 12 or so feet away from the court .
When Jackson and his staff emerged a few minutes before practice started , they saw Pippen and Michael Jordan on the side of the court working on a segment of the team ’s offense called the “ corner series . ”
“ They were making a reverse pivot and Scottie was going to the basket dunking with his left hand , ” Jackson recalled in a phone interview .
“ Michael was trying to learn from Scottie how to get the steps right to finish with his left hand .
That was something that Scottie could do which Michael wanted in his repertoire . ”
Yes , even the game ’s greatest player ever learned a thing or two from his teammates from time to time .
But Pippen , of course , was no typical teammate .
Though he and Jordan had their ups and downs throughout their time together , Jackson ’s seemingly insignificant anecdote signified the kind of relationship they had — one that started early on and continued throughout Chicago ’s dynasty of the 1990s .
“ It was the tremendous amount of respect that they had for each other , ” Jackson said regarding why Pippen and Jordan ’s relationship worked .
“ They both worked incredibly hard on their game , always putting in the extra work to be better players .
They had an understanding of how to get a job accomplished and there was regular collaboration between the two of them that brought an incredible amount of success to that basketball team . ”
On Aug. 13 , Pippen will join Jordan and Jackson in basketball ’s Hall of Fame .
The moment will come some 24 years after the legendary coach first saw Pippen , a lanky , relatively unknown out of Central Arkansas , a NAIA school at the time .
It was the summer of 1986 and Jackson was coaching his last season for the Albany Patroons of the Continental Basketball Association .
He watched as Pippen put on a show during a draft combine .
“ He showed a remarkable amount of capabilities playing the guard position given his size , ” said Jackson .
“ He also demonstrated a tremendous level of activity on both ends of the floor and fast breaks .
Defensively , you could see he had a great deal of talent . ”
The next fall , the two were paired together in Chicago — Pippen as a rookie with the Bulls and Jackson as one of Doug Collins ’ assistant coaches .
“ We quickly developed a relationship because of that , ” said Jackson .
“ We would occasionally play one - on - one , as I was able to still play a little bit of basketball . ”
Though Pippen did not start right away , averaging only 7.9 points per game his first season , he worked his way into the starting five for good by the time the 1988 NBA Playoffs rolled around .
“ It seemed like every time he got on the court , good things would happen , ” Jackson recalled .
“ He had an opportunity to help us win games almost immediately , many times from the defensive end of the floor . ”
While Jordan scored at a torrid pace , Pippen quickly became the anchor of the team , providing the stability it greatly needed as the 1990s approached .
His scoring came around as well , as his production increased in each of his first five professional seasons .
Though Jackson had played Pippen at the small forward position early in his career , a seemingly obvious choice given his 6 - 7 , 228 - pound frame , he made a change heading into his fourth year .
“ I always felt Scottie ’s contribution to our team became elevated when we moved him from being a forward to a guard in the 1990 - 91 season , ” said Jackson .
“ Using Scottie at the guard position within the triangle offense allowed him to do all the things that he did so well . ”
Defensively , Jackson explained , Pippen had made his mark by then , knowing when to overplay , make steals and play help defense .
The shift to the backcourt allowed him to do all of those things on opposing shooting guards , while also taking better advantage of his offensive skills .
“ He would rebound and push the ball , which really put us in an ideal situation to set up our offense , ” explained Jackson .
“ His skills at guard with the basketball in his hands put a tremendous amount of pressure on opponents to match up . ”
Taking advantage of Pippen ’s size and versatility was perhaps never more useful than during Chicago ’s first championship run .
Taking on the Los Angeles Lakers in the 1991 NBA Finals , the Bulls lost the first game , 93 - 91 , at the old Chicago Stadium .
Jackson made a switch and assigned Pippen to Magic Johnson for the rest of the series , resulting in four straight victories and the organization ’s first of six NBA titles .
Not long after , Pippen was chosen to join the Jordan , Magic , Larry Bird and the best of the NBA on the 1992 Dream Team , which will also be enshrined in the Hall of Fame on Aug. 13 .
That team easily captured gold in Barcelona , captivating the world ’s attention and dominating its competition .
Jackson recalled a conversation he had with Jordan following the Dream Team ’s legendary run .
“ Michael came back from the Olympics and he told me Scottie was the second best player on that team , ” said Jackson .
“ People knew he was a pretty good sidekick to Michael , but all of a sudden , they were starting to recognize that he was a legitimate star in his own right who had really developed over the prior three to four years .
He was n’t just an active , defensive small forward anymore .
He was a player who could excel at three , if not four , positions .
He was a real force on our team in that regard and Michael recognized that . ”
But Pippen ’s best work had yet to come .
Following the Bulls ’ first three championships , Jordan unexpectedly walked away from the game on October 6 , 1993 .
A heavy onus was placed squarely on Pippen ’s shoulders , and there was some doubt as to how he might respond .
“ When Michael retired for the first time and left to play baseball , Scottie took over the leadership of the team , ” Jackson said of the 1993 - 94 season .
“ We all saw him bloom into a star .
He was MVP of the All - Star game and finished third in the NBA MVP voting .
He stepped into his role and had a terrific season . ”
That season did n’t start out so great , though .
Pippen missed a small stretch due to injury , including the team ’s annual Circus Trip , and the Bulls struggled , losing six out of seven games and falling to a record of 4 - 7 early in the season .
Pippen returned on Nov. 30 , as the Bulls came home to Chicago to take on the Suns and attempted to get back on track .
“ He had a huge game , ” Jackson said of Pippen , who finished with 29 points , 11 rebounds and six assists in a 132 - 113 win .
“ But it was more than that .
Scottie established the fact that we were going to be fine .
He showed that night he was going to be comfortable taking over that leadership role .
He of course went on to have a great season and we had a great year . ”
Whereas Jordan and Bill Cartwright had previously been team captions , Jackson praised Pippen for taking the initiative to step up and embrace that role .
“ Scottie moved into that position with a tremendous amount of comfort , ” said Jackson .
“ He was always a very good person on and off the court .
He understood his teammates and he helped them out .
That was a major development in Scottie ’s career . ”
For Jackson , pinpointing Pippen ’s finest qualities from a career that spanned 17 seasons and seven NBA All - Star appearances comes down to defense .
“ His greatest strength was his knowledge of how things worked on the defensive end of the floor , ” he said .
“ Scottie was the voice of our team — figuratively and literally , as he did a lot of the talking and kept our team on the same page .
When he was n’t at the top of the key harassing a guard as a special assignment , he was on the backside of our defense talking his teammates through different situations , whether it was a double team , trap or some other important aspect .
Because of that , he was very vital to the run that we made . ”
Given Pippen ’s knowledge and his new role as team ambassador for the Bulls , Jackson said he would n’t be surprised to see Pippen eventually work his way into the coaching ranks .
“ Scottie has a great understanding of basketball .
I think that he would make a good coach and there is an opportunity for him , ” said Jackson , who does not plan on attending the enshrinement ceremony in Springfield , Mass .
“ I ’m really glad that he ’s back with the Bulls and has a chance to find his way in whatever capacity he ends up around the game , ” Jackson continued .
“ This is his opportunity to really re-establish himself back in Chicago , where he did n’t get the chance to play all that much when he closed out his career . ”
Who wants to hear the ' truth ' from BP or the Government ?
Oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
Catholic sex scandal as undercover reporter ' films priests at gay clubs and having casual flings '
A gay priest sex scandal has rocked the Catholic Church in Italy today after a weekly news magazine released details of a shock investigation it had carried out .
Using hidden cameras , a journalist from Panorama magazine - owned by Italian Prime Minister and media baron Silvio Berlusconi - filmed three priests as they attended gay nightspots and had casual sex .
Today there was no immediate comment from the Italian Bishops Conference and the Vatican - which has been rocked by a series of sex scandals involving paedophile priests since the start of the year .
Caught in the act : A priest - still wearing his dog collar - approaches a gay ' accomplice ' of the undercover reporter as their casual affair is caught on camera in the Italian magazine Panorama 's footage
The same priest later prepares to read Mass
A preview of the Panorama article sent out by email last night added that video footage from the investigation would be made available .
The article describes how the reporter was assisted by a gay ' accomplice ' as they ' gate - crashed the wild nights of a number of priests in Rome who live a surprising double - life . '
In it 's preview , Panorama added : ' By day they are regular priests , complete with dog collar , but , at night it 's off with the cassock as they take their place as perfectly integrated members of the Italian capital 's gay scene . '
[ caption
Panorama described its investigation as ' deeply disturbing ' as it detailed how three priests - two Italians and a Frenchman - happily took part in gay events and had casual sex .
The Catholic Church forbids priests to have sex and homosexuality is also seen as a ' sin ' .
In 2008 the Vatican issued guidelines which said that any would be trainees should not join if they had ' deep - seated homosexual tendencies ' .
In one part of the investigation Panorama said that one priest , named as Carlo , willingly put on his cassock to have sex with the reporter 's gay accomplice , adding ' all of which was filmed by the hidden camera ' .
The magazine also described how they had attended a Mass which was celebrated by Carlo .
In its preview Panorama insisted that it had carried out through checks and established that all three priests were bona fide but would not reveal their real names or any other details .
Panorama editor Giorgio Mule said : ' This was a two week investigation and was not aimed at creating a scandal but showing that a certain section of the clergy behaves very differently . '
Greetings attention - deficient Fold !
I ’ll keep this brief .
- bman
The inside story on transcending the brain , with David Lynch , Award - winning film director of Blue Velvet , Twin Peaks , Mullholland Drive , Inland Empire ; John Hagelin , Ph.D. , Quantum physicist featured in “ What the bleep do we know ? ; ”
And Fred Travis , Ph.D. , Director , Center for Brain , Consciousness and Cognition Maharishi University of Management .
Credits : producers : UC Berkeley Educational Technology Services , speaker : David Lynch , speaker : John Hagelin , Ph.D. , speaker : Fred Travis , Ph.D .
2. Cesc Fabregas
The Arsenal captain has been linked with a move to his hometown club of Barcelona for a number of seasons , and this summer speculation has never been higher .
Having won the World Cup with a huge contingent of Barcelona players , and even publicly wearing the club ’s shirt ( even if he was forced to ) , a move at the moment worth roughly £ 30 m must seem very tempting for the lifelong Barca fan .
OVER at The Atlantic , a mini-row took place that began with this newspaper .
A recap , for those interested , and then a comment :
1 ) We wrote that some economists like Paul Krugman are engaging in " crude Keynesianism " .
2 ) Mr Krugman thoughtfully replied that " I'm Gonna Haul Out The Next Guy Who Calls Me ' Crude ' And Punch Him In The Kisser " .
3 ) Michael Kinsley at The Atlantic obligingly titled a post " Krugman is Crude " .
No word on the date and venue of their fistfight .
4 ) In that same post , Mr Kinsley disagreed with his Atlantic colleague , Jim Fallows , that journalists should write as though they might one day face the people they write about .
Mr Kinsley 's joking advice ?
Go ahead and write with tongues of fire , and just sneak off if you run into the subject of your criticism .
Mr Kinsley 's advice brings up a real dilemma , though .
He simply says " write the truth . "
That 's a journalist 's job .
No disagreement here .
But can we call it " the truth " to say Mr X is a blowhard , Mr Y is a dupe or Mr Z is a fool ?
These things are opinions , not facts .
If you write true facts about someone , and then comment on those facts alone , you should have far less fear of running into him at a party than if you say he is an idiot or a crook .
Our style book puts it thus :
Do not be hectoring or arrogant .
Those who disagree with you are not necessarily stupid or insane .
Nobody needs to be described as silly : let your analysis show that he is .
When you express opinions , do not simply make assertions .
The aim is not just to tell readers what you think , but to persuade them ; if you use arguments , reasoning and evidence , you may succeed .
This is not always easy to observe .
We sometimes do describe people directly , and not all those descriptions are friendly .
But when dealing with ideas , it 's best to engage the ideas , not the person .
For the record , we never called Mr Krugman crude .
We said his argument was crude Keynesianism , and tried to show why we thought so .
( And then we came down on the side he agrees with anyway . )
He responded by touting his credentials and then promising to punch the next person to use a word he does n't like .
The form and style of his reply was either very subtly funny — though I did n't laugh — or it was ... dare I say it ...?
Nah .
Have a nice day , Mr Krugman .
Quotes from Dan Rather on Election Night 2002
" Do you hear that knocking ...
President Bush 's re-election is at the door . "
" This race is hotter than a Times Square Rolex . "
" His lead is as thin as turnip soup . "
" This race is humming along like Ray Charles . "
" The presidential race is swinging like Count Basie . "
" This race is hotter than the Devil 's anvil . "
" Ohio becomes like a sauna for the two candidates .
All they can do is wait and sweat . "
" One 's reminded of that old saying , ' Do n't taunt the alligator until after you 've crossed the creek . ' "
" This situation in Ohio would give an aspirin a headache . ''
" Bush is sweeping through the South like a big wheel through a cotton field . "
" What Kerry needs at this point is the equivalent of Tom Brady coming off the bench to rescue him .
But it 's still too close to call . "
" No question now that Kerry 's rapidly reaching the point where he's got his back to the wall , his shirttails on fire and the bill collector 's at the door . "
" John Kerry needs something on the order of a 55 or 60 - yard field goal to win this . "
( To Joe Lockhart ) " I know that you 'd rather walk through a furnace in a gasoline suit than consider the possibility that John Kerry would lose Ohio . "
( To Joe Lockhart ) " What about Michigan ?
It 's been out there for a long time .
Is that making your fingernails sweat ? "
" This presidential race has been crackling like a hickory fire for at least the last hour and a half . "
" Let 's see where it goes from here .
Round and round it goes , where it stops nobody knows . "
" We keep talking about Ohio if you 've been tuning in and out or you put the baby to bed or you went to pop the cap on an adult , or otherwise , beverage ... "
" We used to say if a frog had side pockets , he 'd carry a handgun . "
" No one is saying that George Bush is not going to win the election , and if you had to bet the double - wide , you 'd have to bet that he'd win . "
" In southern states they beat him like a rented mule . "
" If you try to read the tea leaves before the cup is done you can get yourself burned . "
" We need Billy Crystal to Analyze This "
" You know that old song , 'it 's delightful , it 's delicious , it 's de-lovely ' for President Bush in most areas of the country . "
" We had a slight hitch in our giddy up , but we corrected that . "
" In some ways , George Bush 's lead is as thin as November ice . "
" Put on a cup of coffee , this race is n't going to be over for a while . "
" You look at the map and say it 's all a big Bush victory .
But this is one time when your Mother is right , looks can be deceiving . "
" John Kerry 's moon has just moved behind a cloud , as far as Florida is concerned . "
On Kerry 's chances : " To use a metaphor , he 's gotta draw to an inside straight .
But hey , sometimes you get lucky and hit that straight . "
" Is it like a swan , with every feather above the water settled , but under the water paddling like crazy ? "
" What you have here is the football equivalent of a fourth quarter rally by Kerry . "
The election is " closer than Lassie and Timmy "
" Keep in mind they are teetotally meet mortally convinced they have Ohio won . "
" Vice President Dick Cheney would not have flown all the way out there ( Hawaii ) overnight and put that lei around his neck and sort of hula - danced , if you will , unless he thought there was a chance of carrying that out there . "
" President Bush smiling there with his family .
He 's laid down aces so far . "
" You can almost hear the GOP ( deep breathing sound ) .
We 're getting within maybe smelling distance . "
" We do n't know what to do .
We do n't know whether to wind a watch or bark at the moon . "
On how the results are affecting strategists : " It 's one reason so many of them drink a lot . "
Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) , on being congratulated on victory by Rather : " Thanks Dan , I always believe you . "
Rather : " Now , ladies and gentleman , if you believe that , you 'll believe rocks can grow . "
Quotes from Dan Rather on Election Night 2002
" Could be game set and match Republicans . "
" They 're about first and goal from 4 yards out . "
" Tight as the pages in a book . "
" President Bush is hoping to ace his first midterm . "
" Crackling like a hickory fire . "
" Two hands worth of white knuckle still hanging ten . "
" Reminds you of that old Will Rogers line , it takes a lot of money just to get beaten . "
" It 's beginning to get exciting as the Democrats ' fingernails are starting to sweat "
Quotes from Dan Rather on Election Night 2000
" This race is shakier than cafeteria Jell - O . "
" Turn the lights down , the party just got wilder . "
" It 's cardiac - arrest time in this presidential campaign . "
" He swept through the South like a tornado through a trailer park . "
" Do n't bet the trailer money yet . "
" It 's too early to say he has the whip hand . "
" Now Florida , that race , the heat from it is hot enough to peel house paint . "
" It 's a ding dong battle back and forth . "
" If he does n't carry Florida Slim will have left town . "
" If a frog had side pockets , he 'd carry a hand gun . "
" They both have champagne on ice , but after the night is over , they might need a pick axe to open them . "
" This race is tight like a too - small bathing suit on a too - long ride home from the beach . "
" It 's about as complicated as a wiring diagram to some dynamo . "
" Only votes talk — everything else walks . "
" This will show you how tight it is — it 's spandex tight . "
" We 're going to go to some of those longnecks from a long time ago . "
" He 's going to find that people will hang on him like a coat rack . "
" This election swings like one of those pendulum things . "
" This race is as tight as the rusted lug nuts on a ' 55 Ford . "
" What we know is that there will be no decision until some of those races are decided . "
" Al Gore has his back to the wall , shirt tails on fire with this race in Florida . "
" You talk about a ding - dong , knock - down , get - up race . "
" When it comes to a race like this , I 'm a long distance runner and an all - day hunter . "
" It 's the American way : if you do n't vote , you do n't get to whine . "
" Smelling salts for all Democrats please . "
" Maybe you can bring some perspective on this , we 're plum out . "
" When the going gets weird , anchor men punt . "
" Tipper is probably telling her husband to hook a U , go back to the house to get a recount . "
" It does n't matter if you 're a Democrat , Republican or a mug wamp , elected officials play it straight . "
" Florida is the whole deal , the real deal , a big deal . "
" The presidential race still hotter than a Laredo parking lot . "
" These returns are running like a squirrel in a cage . "
" It was as hot and squalid as a New York elevator in August . "
" Bush has run through Dixie like a big wheel through a cotton field . "
" This will have the people in Austin standing up like they got stuck with hat pins . "
" ... in Austin , between the 10 gallon hats and the Willie Nelson head bands . "
" The big burrito out there in California "
" They 'll be doing back flips in Nashville . "
" It would be Shakespearean for Al Gore to lose because of his home state . "
" I think you would likelier see a hippopotamus run through this room than see George Bush appoint Ralph Nader to the Cabinet . "
" None of this television mumbo jumbo , let 's get in there and count the votes . "
" Frankly we do n't know whether to wind the watch or to bark at the moon . "
" We 've lived by the crystal ball , we 're eating so much broken glass .
We 're in critical condition . "
I was reading about the IT problems of the recently arrested , alleged Russian spies , and I wondered if they could have managed secret communications better with Mathematica .
One of the claims was that they were using digital steganography tools that kept crashing .
I wanted to see how quickly I could implement digital image steganography in Mathematica using a method known as “ least significant bit insertion ” .
The idea of steganography is to hide messages within other information so that no one notices your communications .
The word itself comes from a Latin - Greek combination meaning “ covered writing ” , from earlier physical methods that apparently included tattooing a message on a messenger ’s head before letting him grow his hair back to hide it .
In the case of digital steganography , it is all done in the math .
The first thing that we have to do is to pick an innocent - looking image to transmit to our spy masters , perhaps via some public online forum .
This picture would n’t look suspicious if posted on a poultry - rearing discussion site …
Amazingly , it is possible to hide another , larger , full - color picture within this image and get it back again with about a dozen lines of Mathematica code .
The key to the whole process is to use the least significant bit in each color channel of each pixel as a place to hide information .
We start by clearing that bit to zero regardless of its current value by ANDing each byte with the binary word 11111110 .
We have to force Mathematica to use a strictly 8 - bits - per - channel integer representation , as it will naturally work in a much more accurate color space — hence the use of “ Byte ” in various places in our code .
In a sufficiently complex image , the human eye does n’t see the loss of information .
The fact that one color channel on a particular pixel might or might not be darker by 1/256 than before cannot be noticed …
Even if we subtract the truncated version from the original to show only the values of the differences , you still do n’t see anything unless you have very good eyes and a very good monitor .
Only by exaggerating these differences to the maximum possible contrast do we see that the differences are not zero .
Next we must convert our secret content into a sequence of bits and insert each of them into these now - empty bits in the carrier .
We can put one in each pixel channel ; that ’s three per pixel in an RGB image .
To start the encoding we use ToCharacterCode to convert the characters into ASCII numbers …
Then we convert those to binary , padding them to a fixed number of bits even if the leading values are zero ( or we wo n’t know where one byte begins and the next ends ) .
We then flatten that list and pad it with zeros to equal the total number of pixel channel values in which we are able to hide information ( image width * height * 3 for RGB images ) .
Now that we have the right number of bits , we reshape the data into the dimensions of the image and add it on to the carrier image with the cleared bits .
Here is all of that put together …
To reverse the process , we will have to pull the least significant bit from every pixel channel , group them into words of 8 bits , and convert back to text .
Let ’s test it …
Now reverse the process …
You must export the image in lossless format like PNG , in the original image size .
Any conversion to a lossy format , like JPG , or rescaling will destroy information in the low - value bits where we are storing our secret message .
Matilda the chicken is 450*450 pixels and has three color channels .
That means that we can store 450* 450 * 3/ 8 characters .
Over 75,000 .
More than enough to hide the whole of Alice ’s Adventures in Wonderland .
The added information is no greater than the information that we removed .
The file will still be about the same size and still look the same to the human eye .
In fact , on average , half the pixel channels are the same as the original image , around 1 / 4 of the pixel channels are one bit lower than the original , and 1 / 4 are one bit higher , so it is closer to the original than the truncated version .
This gives us a solution to transmitting any information , as long as we can convert it to 8 - bit ASCII first .
Mathematica provides a set of tools for this , so for extended - character - set transmission we can use this :
We can use conversion to ASCII to insert files or data in special formats .
For example , we can insert a picture .
Here we import a PNG file and then re-encode it as a string of ASCII in a JPG format .
This string is only around 32,000 characters , thanks to JPG compression , somewhat smaller than the Alice text , and so , amazingly , it is easy to hide in the carrier image .
We can export the image to any lossless format ; the JPG encoding of the secret part is only important when we come to interpret the decoded string .
Again the carrier image looks the same to us , yet hidden inside is a secret image of “ Agent H ” and “ Agent B ” …
None of this is cryptographically secure ; it is all about not being noticed transmitting information .
Cryptography should be applied to the secret message before inserting it into the carrier image .
And of course none of this will help at all if you ca n’t trust the recipient , are already under surveillance , or are silly enough to ask an undercover FBI agent to fix your laptop !
Download the Computable Document Format ( CDF ) file
By · Updated : · Some links below are ads .
Here 's how we make money
Finding the best online stock broker is becoming more and more difficult every day .
It seems like a new online broker is launched every month and cheap stock trading has become the way of the stock trading world .
Just 20 years ago , trading online was nearly impossible .
With a few start - ups in the works , E*Trade and Firstrade offered a raw and expensive way to avoid calling your local broker and making trades on your own .
As the years have progressed , trading stocks online has become easier for the consumer AND less expensive , which is a rare combination in business .
Nowadays , you can find dozens of online stock brokers , each claiming to be the best at what they do .
But just how many of them can offer cheap trading , expert customer service , lightning fast execution , and cutting - edge technology ?
Let ’s take a look .
The Best Online Stock Brokers
Ally Invest fits right at the top of our list as it seems to do everything exceptionally .
It was the first to offer the low per-trade commission of $ 4.95 , which does not change if you utilize a broker over the phone and options trading has the same $ 4.95 cost , plus a $ 0.65 fee per contract .
Those fees go down to $ 3.95 per trade and a $ 0.50 per options contract if you either execute 30 or more trades per quarter or if you maintain an average daily balance of $ 100,000 or more .
If you follow SmartMoney , Barron ’s and other graders of online stock brokers , you ’ll find Ally Invest ( formerly TradeKing ) winning awards almost every time they are handed out .
Ally Invest offers customer support and will reimburse you for up to $ 150 in transfer fees if you move at least $ 2,500 to Ally from another brokerage .
They are also offering a cash bonus and 90 days of free trades if you open an account with at least $ 10,000 .
You will receive $ 300 in cash to your account with an opening deposit of $ 10,000 .
The cash bonus goes up in tiers up to a $ 3,500 bonus with an opening deposit of $ 2 million .
Finally , Ally Invest is a leader in educating customers and you ’ll find hundreds of resources to help both amateur and professional investors .
See our full review of Ally Invest .
To open up an Ally Invest account , visit their official website at www.ally.com/invest/
TD Ameritrade currently offers fee - free IRA accounts and has fantastic customer service .
In my five years of trading with TD Ameritrade , I have never encountered a single delay , problem or inconvenience .
They also now offer free trades ( $ 25 for broker - assisted trades ) which is pretty amazing .
While many other brokers offer similar services for cheap stock trading , I ’ve found one that has been nothing short of fantastic , and now that it ’s free , TD Ameritrade is really a no - brainer .
In order to trade with TD Ameritrade , you ’ll need a minimum balance of $ 2,000 .
You can also use their iPhone or Android app to access your account and make trades .
To open up a TD Ameritrade account , visit their official website at www.TDAmeritrade.com
Disclosure :
All opinions expressed are our own .
We are compensated by some of the businesses that we review ( e.g. TD Ameritrade ) .
M1 Finance allows you to actively choose what you want in your portfolio while using a robo advisor platform –making it an excellent hybrid option for anyone who wants hands - on control with automatic contributions and rebalancing .
The program is built on the idea of “ pie investing , ” where each slice of the pie represents categories of investments .
While M1 Finance has dozens of prebuilt pies for you choose from , each of which is geared to particular risk tolerance and investment horizon .
You can personalize your pie by making adjustments or reallocating investments or choosing the weight of each slice .
Slices that outperform their target weight will grow and underperforming slices will shrink .
M1 Finance also lets you trade fractional shares .
There are no fees , and you can get started with a $ 100 minimum investment .
See our full review of M1 Finance .
To open up an M1 Finance account , visit their official website at www.M1Finance.com
Fidelity is n’t your normal online stock broker .
They have a very powerful brand behind them , produce quality , low - cost funds , and over the past several years have received major credibility as a “ discount broker . ”
Currently , Fidelity offers online stock and ETF trades for free .
To trade options online , you ’ll pay only $ 0.65 per contract .
There is no minimum deposit required to fund your brokerage account , but certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $ 2,500 .
Fidelity offers live chat and 24/7 phone support .
It ’s free , very fast , and simple to use ( I ’ve tried it myself . )
Most mobile devices are compatible with Fidelity .
With hundreds of webinars to educate investors , Fidelity is a great place to begin your investing career .
To open up a Fidelity account , visit their official website at www.Fidelity.com
E*Trade is the only online stock broker I can think of that advertises on television , making them the most well known on this list .
They are also one of the more expensive , as they charge $ 6.95 per trade and an additional $ 25 if you use a broker to execute the trade .
This fee drops to $ 4.95 per trade if you make over 30 trades per quarter .
E*Trade is currently offering up to 500 free trades for the first 60 days of opening your account , but you will have to fund it with at least $ 10,000 ( and of course other restrictions apply ) .
You can also get $ 200 in a cash credit if you deposit or transfer $ 25,000 to an E* Trade account .
That cash bonus goes depending on your deposit amount and maxes out at $ 2,500 for a million dollar deposit .
E*Trade ’s technology and platform are like no other and for experienced investors , E*Trade by far is your best option .
However , for the casual investor , it may be a better idea to go with one of the other brokers , to save money on fees .
To open up an E* Trade account , visit their official website at www.ETrade.com
ChoiceTrade is n’t your everyday online stock broker and if you visit their website , you ’ll know that right away .
Rated four - star broker by Barron ’s for the last six years , ChoiceTrade offers $ 0 stock trades .
For options trades , there is a $ 0 base plus $ 0.40 per contract–or you can choose a $ 10 and $ 0 per contract .
However , the main drawback to using ChoiceTrade is their platform .
If you ’re looking for good technology , you will have to pay for it .
The ChoiceTrader platform is free , but you can upgrade to one of three online streaming platforms for a monthly fee .
Their basic online streaming platform costs $ 14.95 per month and their premium platform is $ 135 per month .
ChoiceTrade does feature an in - depth investor community where you can ask thousands of fellow users your questions .
Also , you can sign up for a virtual account with a $ 100,000 balance to try out their services .
To open up a ChoiceTrade account , visit their official website at www.ChoiceTrade.com
thinkorswim has been around since 1999 and is now owned by TD Ameritrade .
They are known as one of the best places to trade options because of their superior technology , as well as a hub for options educational information .
In 2017 , they were ranked # 1 for long - term investing by Barron ’s and # 1 overall broker by StockBrokers.com .
You can trade stocks for free –with no account balance requirement or limit on how often you can make trades .
Broker - assisted trades will cost you $ 25 .
They offer 24/7 customer support and they do n’t charge any fees for access to the trading platform or other data .
TD Ameritrade and thinkorswim offer “ Paper Money ” accounts , to try out different strategies with no real money involved .
To open up a thinkorswim account , visit their official website at www.thinkorswim.com
SogoTrade is one of the quieter online stock brokers and unless you ’ve already opened an account with them , this may be the first time you ’ve heard of them .
They are one of the leaders in cheap stock trading with a $ 2.88 rate for those who make at least 150 trades per quarter ( otherwise the fee is $ 4.88 ) .
With their four unique trading platforms and an app ( available for Apple or Android devices ) , SogoTrade continues to implement game - changing technology .
All of their platforms provide customers with up - to - the - second data to help them make the well - informed trades .
There are no account maintenance fees and no minimum deposit .
SogoTrade protects customer account funds up to $ 500,000 .
To open up a SogoTrade account , visit their official website at www.SogoTrade.com
Not into active , online trading ?
Try something a little less hands - on .
See our list of the best Robo Advisors .
The World From Berlin Auctioning Nuclear Plant Lifetimes Would Be ' Transparent but Risky '
The German government is considering conducting an auction in which energy companies would bid for the right to extend the lifetimes of their nuclear power stations beyond their scheduled shutdown dates .
Opposition parties are outraged over the idea .
Commentators say there are advantages , but also risks .
written by Therese
I no longer believe in doing Scrum by the book !
This will be considered a provocative statement for some but let me just explain myself : I ’m not suggesting that we should n’t follow a well - defined , tried and tested process , but I AM suggesting that we adapt the process to our current needs and maybe as far as you could n’t call it Scrum anymore .
Now some seasoned agile people will say “ DUH , of course you have to inspect and adapt .
That is what agile is all about ” , but I have also heard a lot of people saying , that “ of course that project failed – they did n’t do Scrum properly ” ( whatever that means ) .
In my opinion what matters is that you reflect on you proces and continuously improve ( Kaizen ) – if you do that you can start out with Scrum and adapt into something that is a better fit for your organization .
It is much easier to fit the process to the organization than to fit the organization to the process .
At JAOO last year I attended a tutorial called “ Scrum tuning using Organizational Patterns ” ( by Jim Coplien and Gertrud Bjørnvig ) based on the book Organizational Patterns of Agile Software Development by Jim Coplien and Neil Harrison .
It transitioned me into what I jokingly call my post - Scrum phase – a phase where I can see agile as a collection of good ideas to choose from ; a toolbox .
The organizational patterns book adds to that toolbox and provide ways to guide the adapt part of inspect and adapt .
Now I have the feeling that I know more about why Scrum is precisely that collection of good ideas ( organizational patterns ) and what kind of problems Scrum is aiming to handle and that feeling gives me the confidence to reflect on the Scrum method and adapt to the concrete needs of the projects I ’m involved in .
As Jeff Sutherland writes about Jim Coplien and the Organizational Patterns - book :
Jim was surprised when he found that Scrum compresses at least 33 patterns from his book into a concept that can be explained in 2 minutes .
It takes over 60 pages of rather dense text to describe these patterns .
The connection between Scrum and Organizational Patterns can be seen in this overview that I stole from the slides by Jim and Gertrud :
I recently found a link about the Top 10 Organizational patterns –
As far as I can tell they are presented as in the book , but the links to other patterns are dead links ( and remember ; content is more important than form in this case ) .
Organizational patterns have really helped me move beyond Scrum and to value some of the more social aspects of software development higher .
If you are having problems with your process consider looking into this concept .
I know that patterns are sooo 90 ’ties , but they are still a reasonably way to transfer knowledge .
And I should probably revise my first statement – I no longer believe in doing Scrum by the book , but I do believe that a book can inspire me to fine - tune Scrum maybe transforming our process into something completely different – if that is what we need .
When others ’ negligence or carelessness have caused you harm , James L. Finegan will be ready to fight on your behalf for justice and fair compensation .
Since 1980 , Attorney James L. Finegan , P.C. has been helping the victims of negligence craft the strongest possible cases so they can maximize their financial recoveries .
Known for providing personalized , responsive legal services , he is effective at holding negligent parties accountable , and will strive to protect your rights and interests as he brings your case to the best possible resolution .
His central goal is to provide each of his clients with the highest quality legal services and help them secure the justice and financial recoveries they deserve .
Google ’s CEO Eric Schmidt has quite famously been on record many times talking about how the web is full of garbage .
It ’s a cesspool out there , he ’s said .
Today , a short fast look at how his own company pollutes the web .
Right now , one of the “ trending topics ” on Google is the word “ chocomize , ” as you can see here :
A term like “ chocomize ” will “ trend ” on Google when there ’s a sudden , out - of - the - ordinary spike in searches using it .
That ’s certainly the case with chocomize , which Google Trends reports as having “ volcanic ” activity :
What ’s going on ?
Brent Payne wondered and tweeted about it .
That caught my eye , so I went exploring .
Chocomize is a web site that lets you create custom chocolate bars .
Cool !
But why ’s it suddenly a popular term today ?
Fortunately , Google Trends is set to give me the answer .
On the page that Google Trends makes about Chocomize , there are news results :
Awesome .
Now I can discover what ’s happening .
The first result gives me this :
Not so awesome .
That page explains what Chocomize is but not why it suddenly became popular .
And , um , what ’s a horror movies site doing reporting about chocolate bars ?
Answer ?
That little arrow , pointing at the Google ads .
Chocomize is a popular term , so if you can draw traffic to your page , then you ’ll increase the chances of getting clicks on your ads .
That page is n’t adding any value to the web .
If it did n’t exist , we would n’t be the less savvy about Chocomize .
But thanks to Google Trends , we ’ve got a big red flag up in front of publishers that wish to pollute Google ’s results with this type of garbage .
How about the number two news site listed :
Worse .
Now we ’ve got ads even more in our face —
Google ads , no less — and still no idea why Chocomize is trending .
Remember , these are results from Google News .
There ’s supposed to be some actual “ news ” to why these pages should be listed .
But again , the only reason this page exists is probably because the publisher saw Chocomize trending and wanted to ride it for some traffic , regardless if chocolate falls outside the typical scope of “ TV and Anime Buzz ” site that this page is hosted on .
After drilling further into Google News :
And then selecting the “ all 16 news articles ” link under the first “ cluster ” of stories to drill further :
The news articles that do appear ( 5 rather than the 16 promised ) reveal what ’s behind the term spiking in popularity .
The top story on the list is a CNN article about the company that appeared today , probably in conjunction with CNN airing a report .
That television presence got people doing searches to find our more about the company .
The pollution within Google News is ridiculous .
This is Google , where we ’re supposed to have the gold standard of search quality .
Instead , we get “ news ” sites that have been admitted — after meeting specific editorial criteria — just jumping on the Google Trends bandwagon , outranking the actual article causing the term “ chocomize ” to be popular , polluting the news results and along the way , earning Google some cash .
The situation is worse within the Google Blog Search results that Google also features via Google Trends :
On the one hand , I love Google Trends .
It ’s fun seeing what the top terms are that are sparking interest .
It ’s also smart publishers that tap into this type of data .
On the other hand , it ’s clear how much garbage that Google has caused to be generated , simply by publishing the trends .
But that garbage would n’t happen , if it did n’t know it was going to be rewarded .
It is , both with traffic from Google and from revenue from Google for those carrying its ads .
It should n’t be that hard for Google to police what shows up in response to what it publishes on Google Trends .
Spam sites ought to be nabbed .
AdSense sites ought to be shut down .
News publishers abusing the very lucky position they have of being in Google News , by routinely tapping into Google Trends topics that are n’t relevant to their publications , should get the boot .
How about that as a start to dealing with Schmidt ’s web garbage problem ?
Seems like Google itself has plenty it can do .
Now I ’m going to sit back and watch this article rise to the top of Google News .
After all , if everyone else is doing it ….
Postscript :
Here ’s some irony .
As I expected , Google Trends now shows this story as a news item for Chocomize , as the lower arrow highlights :
But what ’s that the top arrow points at ?
It ’s a “ news ” story about my news story !
Here it is :
The arrows point to some of the content that ’s been “ scraped , ” or automatically copied from my post , along with other content gathered from across the web .
All of this is to make yet another quality page for “ New York News Today ” to rank for this term in Google News .
Anne writes in :
After searching for most of a year after getting my degree , I finally found a great job which I ’m starting just after Memorial Day .
The problem is that I do n’t know what to wear .
I do n’t want to stand out as being poorly dressed but I do n’t want to dump thousands into a work wardrobe .
What should I do ?
Here ’s my game plan for this situation .
First , contact your new co-workers , particularly your soon - to - be - boss .
If you do n’t have this information yet , contact the company and request it .
You may be able to find more of them using tools like LinkedIn .
Contact them individually , asking what normal attire is in the workplace that you ’ll be joining .
Ask what they wear – brands , level of attire , and so on .
You should pay particular attention to what your boss - to - be actually wears .
Do n’t be afraid to ask this .
Your best bet would be to dress at a level similarly to your boss , but not in a way that ’s miles beyond the workers at your level .
In most workplaces , you ’re better off overdressing a bit than underdressing .
The problem is that each workplace has something of a different definition of what “ overdressing ” and “ underdressing ” is and by finding out what your coworkers wear , you can get a bead on that right off the bat .
Once you ’ve figured this out , go shopping .
In my experience of buying clothes that work for professional use at good prices , I ’ve found that the best place to shop first is at consignment shops .
It ’s often amazing how many very nice clothes can be found there .
That ’s where you ’ll find business attire – often barely - worn stuff – from people whose life situation has changed direction , and it ’s often available at great prices .
Rather than buying a lot of clothes right off the bat , you should stock your work wardrobe with fewer items that can easily be mixed - and - matched .
Do n’t go for the flamboyant – go for the presentable items that you can rearrange easily to create the appearance of a fresh outfit .
For example , you ’re a lot better off with six shirts and six ties than ten shirts and two ties – not only is the former set of clothes cheaper , it ’s also easier to create the appearance of a more diverse wardrobe .
You should also be patient and be picky .
You do n’t have to buy everything right off the bat .
Look at lots of consignment shops .
Do n’t be afraid to buy a few new items to mix in with the consignment items .
If you ’re unsure what looks good , identify a consignment shop or two with a number of items you ’re interested in and then take a friend .
I usually let my wife be involved in the selection of such clothes because she has much better taste and a better eye than I do – I tend to often fall in the “ if you ’re clothed , then you ’re good ” path .
Take someone along who can identify what is well - made , what items go together well , and what items simply look better than other ones .
If you ’re uncomfortable dressing up for work – as I have been – do what I used to do .
Put on comfortable clothes – like a t - shirt that you like to wear – and dress well over the top of that .
I would often wear my favorite t- shirts and shorts under my dress clothes for work and sometimes I would literally take the dress clothes off on my way out of the workplace at the end of the day .
A final tip – it ’s almost always a large net savings if you read the instructions on the tag and follow them for cleaning purposes .
If you ’ve got a nice wardrobe , it might seem cheaper to just wash them with minimal cost and effort , but you can drastically extend the useful life of good clothes by following the garment instructions .
Good luck .
Support for healthcare reform continues to rebound , according to a new Gallup poll .
49 percent of Americans are now saying the new law is a " good thing , " with 46 percent opposed .
Here 's the infuriating part :
On the basis of age , the largest well of opposition is found among seniors , 60 % of whom call passage of the bill a bad thing , similar to the 57 % in April .
By contrast , attitudes are more favorable than unfavorable among young and middle - aged adults .
Senior citizens , ostensibly on Medicare , really do n't like this law .
The Greatest Generation and Baby Boomers are once again screaming , " Mine ! Mine ! Mine ! "
I can't imagine why America is so screwed up right now .
( With apologies to the sensible and rational boomers among us . )
Different people have different skills , some of which are gifted with drawing skills .
and what would be more fun other than drawing your favorite celebrity .
1. Micheal Jackson
Michael Joseph Jackson ( August 29 , 1958 – June 25 , 2009 ) was an American singer - songwriter , dancer , actor , choreographer , poet , businessman , philanthropist and record producer .
Referred to as the King of Pop , he is recognized as the most successful entertainer of all time , as well as one of the most influential .
His unrivaled contribution to music , dance and fashion , and a much - publicized personal life , made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades .
Jackson made his debut , alongside his brothers , in 1964 as the lead singer of The Jackson 5 .
His solo career started in 1971 , and resulted in ten studio albums .
Of these , the 1982 album Thriller became the best - selling album of all time , having sold more than 110 million copies worldwide .
Four of his other albums Off the Wall , Bad , Dangerous and History : Past , Present and Future .
2. Al Pacino
Source
Alfredo James “ Al ” Pacino a famous American film Actor .
He is best known for his roles as Michael Corleone in The Godfather film trilogy , Tony Montana in Scarface , Carlito Brigante in the 1993 film Carlito ’s Way , Frank Serpico in Serpico , Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade in Scent of a Woman , and Roy Cohn in Angels in America .
He won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1992 for his role in Scent of a Woman after receiving seven previous nominations .
3. Rihanna
Source
A famous singer from United States .
In 2005 , Rihanna released her debut studio album , Music of the Sun , features the Billboard Hot 100 hit single “ Pon de Replay ” .
Her fourth studio album , Rated R .
Its first three singles , “ Russian Roulette ” , “ Hard ” and “ Rude Boy ” peaked within the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100 , with “ Rude Boy ” peaking at number one .
Rihanna has received several accolades , including the 2007 World Music Awards for World ’s Best - Selling Pop Female Artist and Female Entertainer of the Year , as well as the 2008 American Music Awards for Favorite Soul / R&B Female Artist and Favorite Pop / Rock Female Artist .
4. Marilyn Manson
Source
Marilyn Manson ( Brian Hugh Warner ) is an American Singer known for his controversial stage persona and image as the lead singer of the eponymous band , Marilyn Manson .
His stage name was formed from the names of actress Marilyn Monroe and convicted murderer Charles Manson .
His long legacy as being depicted in the media as a bad influence on children , along with his seemingly outrageous styles for which he models , and the controversy surrounding his lyrics all have led to his more pronounced public appeal .
5. Brad Pit
Source
William Bradley “ Brad ” Pitt is an American Actor .
Pitt has received two Academy Award nominations and four Golden Globe Award nominations , winning one .
He has been described as one of the world ’s most attractive men , a label for which he has received substantial media attention .
He has worked in A River Runs through It , Interview with the Vampire , Legends of the Fall , Seven , Mr. & Mrs. Smith , The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and many more .
6. Paris Hilton
Source
Paris Whitney Hilton ( born February 17 , 1981 ) is an American socialite , heiress , media personality , model , singer , author , fashion designer and actress .
She is a great - granddaughter of Conrad Hilton ( founder of Hilton Hotels ) .
Hilton is best known for her controversial appearance in a sex tape in 2003 , and appearance on the television series The Simple Life alongside fellow socialite and childhood best friend Nicole Richie .
She is also known for her 2004 tongue - in - cheek autobiography , several minor film roles ( most notably her role in the horror film House of Wax in 2005 ) , her 2006 music album Paris , and her work in modeling .
As a result of several legal incidents , Hilton also served a widely publicized sentence in a Los Angeles County jail in 2007 .
She has sold 2.3 million albums of her first and only album , Paris .
7. Rowan Atkinson
Source
Rowan Sebastian Atkinson ( born 6th January 1955 ) is an English comedian , actor and writer .
He is most famous for his work in the satirical sketch comedy show Not the Nine O’clock News , and the sitcoms Mr. Bean , and The Thin Blue Line .
8. Bruce Willis
Source
Walter Bruce Willis ( born March 19 , 1955 ) , better known as Bruce Willis , is an American actor and producer .
His career began in television in the 1980s and has continued both in television and film since , including comedic , dramatic , and action roles .
He is well known for the role of John McLane in the Die Hard series , which were mostly critical and uniformly financial successes .
He has also appeared in over sixty films , including box office successes like Pulp Fiction , Sin City , 12 Monkeys , The Fifth Element , Armageddon , The Sixth Sense and many more .
9. Will Smith
Source
Willard Christopher “ Will ” Smith , Jr. ( born September 25 , 1968 ) is an American actor , film producer and rapper .
He has enjoyed success in music , television and film .
In April 2007 , Smith has been nominated for four Golden Globe Awards , two Academy Awards , and has won multiple Grammy Awards .
10 . Johnny Depp
Source
John Christopher “ Johnny ” Depp II ( born June 9 , 1963 ) is an American actor and musician known for his portrayals of offbeat , eccentric characters such as Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean film series , Raoul Duke in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , and Sam in Benny & Joon .
Gay couples have rushed to tie the knot in Argentina two weeks after the country became the first in Latin America to grant them the same marriage rights as heterosexual couples .
Talent agent Alejandro Vanelli , 61 , wept as he exchanged vows with Ernesto Larrese , 60 , an actor and his partner of 34 years .
" We never thought we'd get to this point , " Mr Vanelli said after the service at a Buenos Aires registry office festooned with rainbow - coloured gay rights banners .
" It was time for our country to embrace equality after hundreds of years of restricting the rights of so many . "
Guests threw rice over the newlyweds as they left the packed office , becoming the second couple to marry under the law signed by president Cristina Fernandez on July 21 .
Another couple had exchanged vows hours earlier in a northern province and gay weddings are planned across the nominally Roman Catholic country .
The measure , which also lets same - sex couples adopt children , puts Argentina at the vanguard of gay rights in the region and underlines the Catholic Church 's waning influence in Latin America .
Same - sex couples in Mexico City won the same rights as heterosexuals to marry and adopt children in December .
Uruguay allows same - sex couples to adopt but not to marry .
A few gay couples were married in Argentina prior to the law , but they had been granted marriage licences under one - off court rulings .
- Reuters
Legislation will give security services powers to arrest people for crimes they have yet to commit
Russian citizens can be issued official warnings about crimes that they have not yet committed under powers granted to the security services today .
President Dmitry Medvedev signed off on a new law giving the FSB , the successor agency to the KGB , the right to caution people suspected of preparing acts of extremism , or to jail them for obstructing the agency 's work .
The powers appear similar to those enjoyed by Precrime , the police unit in the 2002 Hollywood film Minority Report .
" This is a draconian law reminiscent of our repressive past , " said Boris Nemtsov , a leader of the Solidarity opposition movement .
Rights activists had hoped Medvedev would rein in the security services , after his predecessor , Vladimir Putin , a former KGB colonel , stuffed his administration with hawkish veterans .
The Kremlin 's tough stance comes against the backdrop of a disparate but emergent civil movement protesting against corruption and authoritarian government .
Under the new provisions , the FSB will be able to echo Soviet practices .
The punishment for ignoring a warning was unclear , but 15 - day jail sentences are envisaged for " obstructing an FSB officer 's duties " .
Sergei Ivanenko , a leader of the Yabloko party , called it " the law of a police state " .
He said : " If such a law exists in a democratic country then it is limited by a very powerful system of civil , public and parliamentary control .
In our conditions it will mean absolute power for the security services . "
Rights activists , who fear the measures could be used to stifle civil disobedience , had expressed optimism that Medvedev might step in to quash the legislation .
There have been signs of democratisation under Medvedev , while Putin , whom he replaced two years ago , has continued to promote a hardline image from his post as prime minister .
But during a meeting with Germany 's chancellor , Angela Merkel , a fortnight ago , Medvedev said : " Each country has the right to perfect its own legislation , including that which affects its special services . "
He added : " What 's going on now – I would like you to know this – was done according to my own direct instructions . "
Russia 's police and security services have looked increasingly clumsy as they try to deal with inventive grassroots activists or single - issue protest groups .
One group wears blue buckets on their heads in mimicry of the flashing blue lights on the cars of bureaucrats who terrorise the roads : police arrested several activists but had to let them go because they had committed no crime .
Another organisation has been attacked while trying to stop destruction of a protected forest near Moscow .
" Medvedev may smile more than Putin but the face of power has n't changed , " said Eduard Limonov , an opposition politician who plans to run for president in 2012 .
" The Kremlin is still terrified there will be an Orange Revolution in Russia if people are allowed to gather on the streets . "
This Saturday will be the first anniversary of protests started by Limonov and a coalition of activists known as Strategy 31 .
They meet in Triumfalnaya Square in Moscow at 6 pm every 31st of the month to demonstrate in favour of Article 31 of the constitution : the right to free assembly .
Despite each rally being broken up by riot police , the protests have grown steadily , attracting more than 500 people in May .
About 180 of them were arrested .
" Instead of thinking of new ways to suppress us , the authorities should listen to our concerns , " said Limonov .
Yet democracy activists are often demonised as traitors or extremists in the state - dominated media .
This week at its summer camp the Kremlin - backed Nashi youth movement put up a photograph of 83 - year - old Lyudmila Alekseyeva , one of the organisers of Strategy 31 , on a dummy wearing Nazi insignia .
On Saturday she will go to Triumfalnaya .
The protest movement , she said , " will only grow in the face of repression . "
Creative Combinations
The Random Pairing Machine Sometimes creative ideas can be sparked by odd juxtapositions of words or concepts .
This program randomly chooses one adjective and one noun from a set of over 4000 words .
Try to interpret the resulting adjective - noun combination displayed in the boxes below .
Does it suggest some new ideas to you ?
If not , click the " generate another pair " button to get a new pair you might like better .
If you find a combination that really grabs you , try to take the next step and develop it into something more : an idea for a story , a poem , a new gadget , etc .
Adjective : Noun :
You might also want to check out my Random Verb - Adverb page .
The government has dumped a commitment to deliver universal access to 2 M bit /s broadband by 2012 .
The culture secretary Jeremy Hunt said this morning that the previous government had failed to allocate enough funding to meet the schedule .
Instead , he pledged that all households will have access to a 2 M bit /s downstream service by the end of this Parliament , which assuming the coalition holds together will be in May 2015 .
Last year 's Digital Britain report claimed one in 10 homes ' broadband access falls short of 2 M bit/s , and the government currently estimates there are 160,000 homes in rural areas unable to get any broadband access at all .
Labour first committed to universal 2 M bit /s access by 2012 in January last year , planning to use a large proportion of the £ 130 m annual surplus from the television licence created by the switch off of analogue transmitters .
Hunt today said : " Unfortunately ... we found it was n't enough . "
The plan remains to deliver ubiquitous access through an array of national and local providers , and both fixed and wireless technologies .
He was speaking at a conference convened by Broadband Delivery UK , an new unit in the Department of Business that will manage the universal service committment and the rollout of next generation fibre networks . ®
Steak Tartare
I think my love for raw beef started when I was a kid when my Mom would be wrapping up the meat from the butchers visit !
I always remember having raw hamburger with salt and pepper and did n’t want to stop eating it !
It carries on to this day but is a little more detailed .
To try to lesson the chances of E - Coli , I buy filet mignon from a reputable source and use it immediately .
I grind it myself with a little Waring meat grinder .
I 'm sure a good butcher can do this for you also .
For 2 3/4lbs fresh ground filet
1 teaspoon worchestershire ,
1 garlic clove minced ,
1 teaspoon dijon mustard ,
1/2 teaspoon tabasco or other hot - sauce
Salt
Pepper
( use what spices and herbs you like , as basically anything goes )
I lightly mix in the various spices .
It 's not necessary , but I let it sit in the refrigerator for about an hour to blend and chill .
Then to garnish it , I put a fresh egg yolk on top ( I actually use pasteurized eggs ) , capers and some chopped onions … Ahhhhhhh , this is one of my favorite things !
I know , I take my chances !
Advertisements
At his press briefing today Obama Press Secretary Robert Gibbs took a not so thinly veiled shot at MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann and other pundits on the Left who are complaining about Obama ’s speech last night .
Gibbs said of cable TV , “ I do n’t actually think that is where all of real America lives . ”
According to Sam Stein over at Huffington Post , Gibbs was asked about the criticism of Obama from cable pundits on the Left , and he replied , “ I appreciate the hand on the pulse of America by those who live on cable TV .
I do n’t actually think that is where all of real America lives . ”
Gibbs then made reference to the fact that if most of the pundit class , like Olbermann is often wrong , “ I said this before , I will reiterate it .
If the president had decided to run for president based off what the pundits were saying in the December of 2006 and January of 2007 , he would be in the Senate . ”
Advertisements
Here is Olbermann ’s criticism from Countdown last night :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Olbermann nightly rants have been especially irritating because they have been most often based on emotion , not facts .
On May 24 , Olbermann , while on one of his nightly Obama and the oil spill rants , illegally called for Obama to deploy the Navy to fix the spill .
Of course , Obama does n’t have the legal authority to deploy the Navy , and the question of what could the Navy do to fix the leak was completely ignored by Olbermann .
Olbermann took to his Twitter account to defend his criticism , and he managed to take credit for health care reform , “ I believe in him and in his presidency and he has frequently achieved success ( in health care reform , particularly ) by doing that for which I criticized him .
I hope that is again the case now because the Gulf Speech was not up to his standards nor did it express his mastery of policy .
And if you will stop watching because I said this , I ’ll be very sorry , but you will have been watching for the wrong reason .
I am not , have not been , and will not be , any politician ’s , nor any president ’s , spokesman . ”
This is complete bullshit on Olbermann ’s part .
Obama and the Democrats did not do what Olbermann said on healthcare .
On his December 16 , 2009 program he told Democrats to kill the healthcare bill .
Olbermann does not represent independents he represents that group of people who are too cowardly on the left to call themselves liberals so they have warped the term progressive to suit them .
They are a group of people who think they are behaving independently when they echo Republican talking points .
They are like children pouting because Obama wo n’t do exactly what they want , when they want .
The other great piece of Olbermann “ genius ” was his recent call for Obama to place BP into receivership .
Once again how the President of the United States would place a foreign corporation into receivership is something that Olbermann probably never considered , and contrary to what his apologist fans like to say , Keith never bothered to address or correct these mistakes .
I think the White House needs to grow a thicker skin , but Olbermann ’s whining last night was so out of place and over the top that he deserves criticism .
Olbermann seemed to have only listened to the first five minutes of the address , and then decided that he hated it .
What Olbermann practices is n’t journalism , it is bias as entertainment , and it is no different from what they sell across the street at Fox News .
Keith Olbermann has found his niche as being comfort food for certain type of closed minded progressive who wants their beliefs affirmed on a nightly basis .
His program is newstainment , and while it is fun , and it is fun , he should not be taken seriously , until he demonstrates a basic understanding of policy .
Personally , I ’ll take Rachel Maddow ’s more intelligent program any day over Olbermann ’s over the top wall climbing circus act .
The White House really needs to grow up and stop caring about what they say in the vacuum of cable news .
Even if they are wrong most of the time pundits like Olbermann will continue to entertain and opine .
I am really uncomfortable with Gibbs ’ real America reference as anytime a Palin phrase is invoked it usually means trouble .
Olbermann has a right to say what he wants .
If he disagrees with the administration that does not make him any less of an American even if he has no idea what he is talking about .
It ’s only 28 words long : “ The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the States , are reserved to the States respectively , or to the people . ”
But the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution is having a powerful effect on conservative ideology these days .
Libertarian activists are citing the amendment with renewed fervor and many politicians have been heard reciting it recently as well .
“ The reality is the Tenth Amendment really defines what the Constitution was supposed to mean , ” Michael Boldin , founder of the Tenth Amendment Center , told The Daily Caller .
On Capitol Hill , a group of Republican congressmen recently founded the Tenth Amendment Task Force , with the goal of “ Dispers[ing ] power from Washington and restor[ing ] the constitutional balance of power through liberty - enhancing federalism , ” according to their website .
Utah Republican Rep. Rob Bishop , one of the founders of the Task Force , told TheDC that the issue of the Tenth Amendment really resonates right now because of the ideological battle going on in Washington .
“ We have an administration for the first time in a long time that is not necessarily pragmatic , but is very philosophical .
And it ’s sharpened the debate as to what should be the role of the federal government , ” he said .
Other members of the Tenth Amendment Task Force include Republican Reps. Marsha Blackburn of Tennesee and Jason Chaffetz of Utah .
Bishop insists that their cause is bipartisan and they plan to reach out to Democrats as well .
And it ’s not just House Republicans that have a revived interest in the Tenth Amendment .
Several state attorneys general are suing the federal government over the new health care bill on Tenth Amendment grounds .
Minnesota Republican Gov. Tim Pawlenty has voiced support for the importance of the amendment and Virginia Republican Gov. Bob McDonnell has also mentioned the Tenth Amendment favorably .
The Tenth Amendment is particularly popular at the state level .
After Barack Obama ’s election , a handful of states introduced state sovereignty resolutions , which pledged to fight unconstitutional laws .
States have also rebelled on issues ranging from gay marriage to medical marijuana .
After Congress considered adopting a national identification card in 2007 , 25 states passed laws in opposition , effectively killing the idea .
The Tenth Amendment is one of the most controversial parts of the Constitution , since many argue that it would require a massive transfer of power from the federal government to the states .
Its language forbids the federal government from taking on powers that are n’t assigned to it in the Constitution .
This made the Tenth Amendment a key issue during the health care debate for many on the right .
Since health care is n’t specifically mentioned in the Constitution , went the argument , the federal government could n’t regulate it .
Many progressives say that ’s absurd .
Ian Millhiser , a policy analyst at the Center for American Progress , cautions that conservatives are interpreting the Tenth Amendment too narrowly , and that such a reading would abolish popular programs like Social Security and Medicare .
“ [ T ] here is something fundamentally authoritarian about the tenther constitution .
Social Security , Medicare , and health - care reform are all wildly popular , yet the tenther constitution would shackle our democracy and forbid Congress from enacting the same policies that the American people elected them to advance , ” Millhiser wrote in an article for the American Prospect .
Millhiser and other progressives have dubbed conservative supporters of the Tenth Amendment “ tenthers , ” in order to delegitimize their interpretation of the Tenth Amendment .
It ’s a play on the term “ birthers ” which refers to those who believe Obama was n’t born in America .
Millhiser calls conservatives ’ interpretations of the Tenth Amendment “ no less radical [ than the birthers ] but infinitely more dangerous . ”
But conservatives would n’t necessarily be the only ones to benefit from the “ tenther ” interpretation of the Tenth Amendment .
Strict enforcement of the Tenth Amendment could be a boon to many progressive issues as well , from ending the drug war to abolishing the Patriot Act .
Already , many localities have protested federal immigration laws through the establishment of sanctuary cities , which do n’t deport illegal immigrants .
Earlier this month , a Massachusetts judge struck down the Defense of Marriage Act , which defined marriage as solely between a man and woman , on Tenth Amendment grounds .
Boldin said it ’s a mistake to think of the Tenth Amendment as Democrat or Republican , liberal or conservative .
“ It ’s about liberties and limiting the federal government to certain enumerated powers , ” he said .
There ’s also some disagreement between politicians and activists as to what the Tenth Amendment should mean .
Bishop said the Tenth Amendment was less about abolishing certain programs and more about restoring balance between the federal government and the states .
Boldin said that was n’t good enough .
“ Obviously it ’s not a popular position to say , oh , Social Security is a violation of the Constitution .
But the way we see it , it is , ” he said .
The controversy over the Tenth Amendment goes back to early American history .
The Anti-Federalists , concerned about a monarchy , included the Tenth Amendment in the Bill of Rights to limit the government ’s power .
Upon its passage , Thomas Jefferson called the Tenth Amendment “ the foundation of the Constitution . ”
The battle over the Tenth Amendment later became pronounced between James Madison , who had a strict interpretation , and Alexander Hamilton , who had a much looser interpretation .
But generally Jefferson ’s view of the Tenth Amendment ruled until Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’s New Deal .
After Supreme Court judges struck down many of FDR ’s reforms on Tenth Amendment grounds , Roosevelt threatened to expand the high court with his own appointees .
Judicial opposition quickly collapsed .
The Constitution ’s complement to the Tenth Amendment is the Commerce Clause , which states , “ [ The Congress shall have power ]
To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations , and among the several States , and with the Indian tribes . ”
Many progressives contend that this gives the federal government broad power to regulate anything that affects commerce .
This reasoning was adopted by the courts during the New Deal .
Others claim that “ regulate ” meant something different during the late - 1700s — literally to “ make regular . ”
They argue the Commerce Clause was just supposed to block states from establishing tariffs and sanctions against each other that could hamper regular trade .
video commentary I stumbled upon a shocking and unbelievable truth when casually browsing around the websites of several of Australia ’s top internet service providers this afternoon .
The prices at Telstra ’s BigPond division are substantially cheaper than those offered by major competitors like iiNet and Internode — at least when it comes to the high end .
The fact that BigPond simply costs more has been one of the core religious principles that Australia ’s broadband market has been built upon over the past decade – especially for high - speed plans with large download limits favoured by IT professionals and the early technology adopter crowd .
Over the past ten years every Australian who lays even a small claim to being a geek or technologically savvy in any way has counted it as an item of faith that choosing BigPond as your ISP is an act of madness akin to trying to teach your mother in law how to use EMACS .
Various ISPs have been in vogue at various times – I remember phases where various of my friends would swear by Exetel , only to switch several years later to Netspace .
Even hyped providers like Dodo and DingoBlue came in for their fair share of praise over the years ( remember DingoBlue ? ? ) .
But as the market has stabilised two ISPs have firmed as the geeks ’ favourites – iiNet and Internode .
If iiNet does n’t have a DSLAM in your telephone exchange , so the conventional wisdom would go , you would pick Internode , which probably did .
Or vice versa .
These ISPs have become beloved of the geek crowd for many different reasons .
Their willingness to build their own infrastructure , their penchant for sticking it to Telstra , their value - add services such as gaming servers and the colourful personalities of their founders ( one of the things I ’m thinking of here is Simon Hackett ’s Tesla Roadster , which apparently has arrived down under and is now sitting in his garage ) have all been reasons to sign up to buy their broadband services .
But there ’s a funny thing about Australians .
We do value all of these value - add facets when we pick our broadband provider .
But the price has to be right as well .
Traditionally BigPond has been known for having high prices and poor customer service .
I ca n’t say that the telco has done all that much yet to demonstrate that its customer service has changed .
But as of yesterday , its prices certainly have .
Let ’s take , for example , the monthly cost of an ADSL2 + broadband service with a high download limit – a convenient number would be 200GB .
This is the sort of broadband plan that any Australian geek would love – you can download all you want each month , and you get the high speeds to boot .
As of today , that plan from Telsta will cost you just $ 89.95 – down from $ 179.95 last week as Telstra slashed its prices over the weekend .
A number of the options will change , but a quick check of the iiNet website will make it clear that these prices are significantly less than iiNet is currently offering .
iiNet ’s own 200GB plan – with 100 GB eachway off - and on - peak – will cost customers some $ 129.95 per month ( plus more for the included phone line ) .
Telstra does n’t offer naked DSL – although it ’s trialling it – so you ’ll have to have a telephone line as well to use the company ’s broadband service .
But even if you do sign up for iiNet ’s naked DSL , you wo n’t get any further ahead – the top naked DSL option is a plan offering a total of 170 GB of monthly downloads at a cost of $ 119.95 .
It ’s a similar case when you look at Internode ’s top plans – which cost even more – $ 139.95 per month for a 240 GB plan with a phone line bundled in , and even more for naked DSL .
There is a ray of hope , however – Exetel , for example , is offering bargain basement prices – charging just $ 55 a month for a plan which offers a huge 90 GB on - peak and 180 GB off - peak plan .
And if you really want to download a lot , the options get better when you sign up for naked DSL – Exetel will charge you just $ 70 for a 90 GB monthly plan with unlimited downloads between 2 AM and 8AM .
Now I know I am dramatically simplifying things here – it ’s not easy to compare ISPs these days solely on price , when each offers a stack of value - added options and vastly differing levels of customer service .
And obviously I am only comparing the top - range plans here — things get much more interesting and equal when you get into the mid-range .
But there is a trend here that seems relatively clear .
BigPond is getting cheaper .
As I mentioned previously , price has to be an option .
And on these current prices , ISPs like iiNet and Internode will have to re-examine their high - end plans – or face a future where Telstra is increasingly going to be getting some payback for the past decade worth of customer churn .
It 's become conventional wisdom now that having kids wo n't make you happy — in America , it might even make you sadder .
There are a lot of possible reasons , but one is particularly interesting : inequality .
Advertisement
Most coverage of child - rearing in America focuses on one of two very disparate issues : the " helicopter " craziness of middle - and upper - middle - class moms and dads , or the serious struggles faced by parents less financially fortunate .
Sometimes these two groups seem to come from different universes , as articles written about one fail to even acknowledge the existence of the other .
But now , M.S. at The Economist 's Democracy in America blog brings them together .
Apropos of a long New York piece by Jennifer Senior , M.S. mulls " the anxiety and over - protectiveness of American parents . "
And of data showing that Dutch and French parents may be happier than American ones , M.S. writes ,
[ I ]t 's always seemed to me that this anxiety is also driven in part by high levels of inequality .
In a society with a large gap between excellent and inadequate schools , parents face tremendous psychological pressure to raise and educate their kids the " right " way .
In societies with a more egalitarian distribution , parents do n't reproach themselves so much for laying off the kids a bit .
Advertisement
It 's an astute observation , especially coming just a few days after a discussion on giftedness testing on the Times Room for Debate blog .
There , Clara Hemphill of the Center for New York City Affairs at the New School gave this advice :
Do test your child if your regular neighborhood school is inadequate .
Do n't test your child if you have a solid neighborhood school .
So basically , parents with means and time should get their kids ' intelligence tested in order to flee " inadequate " neighborhood schools — leaving those schools to kids whose parents can't navigate the testing process .
Hemphill 's not alone — testing to " get out " of neighborhood schools was just as common in Los Angeles in the eighties and nineties as it is in New York now , and my brother and I were both tested partially for this reason .
My mom lost a lot of sleep over it , but at the time the general thinking among our parents and their peers was that there was no way they could fix our struggling local schools , at least not within the timeframe of our childhoods .
And their first priority was , fortunately or unfortunately , their own kids .
But no kid deserves an inadequate school , and the purpose of intelligence testing ( if it has a purpose ) , should n't be to help some kids escape bad schools while others stay behind .
The fact that it so often is starkly illustrates the inequality M.S. is talking about .
Maybe if America were less stratified — if it did n't seem like young people needed some sort of leg up in order to lead a decent life — then middle - class parents would be less stressed out about providing exactly the right opportunities for their kids .
And maybe the opportunities they currently jockey for — spots at good schools being conspicuous among them — would actually be available to kids whose parents do n't have the time or money to " helicopter . "
And if parents were no longer divided into rich - and - stressed or poor - and - struggling , maybe all of them would be a lot happier .
Advertisement
Image via Jacek Chabraszewski/Shutterstock.com .
Parenting And Happiness [ Economist Democracy in America Blog ]
All Joy And No Fun [ NY Mag ]
The Pitfalls In Identifying A Gifted Child [ NYT Room For Debate Blog ]
If you missed Part I of the Summer Mega - Mailbag , click here .
Here 's Part II .
Q : I enjoy your idea that certain players have earlier versions of themselves , such as Michael Jordan being the " Evolutionary David Thompson . "
So is Lady Gaga the Evolutionary Britney Spears ?
And who is Evolutionary Kevin Federline ?
-- Nathan , New York
SG : Lady Gaga is the Evolutionary Madonna , not the Evolutionary Spears .
Taylor Swift is the Evolutionary Spears ; I know she 's fine now , but wait until she flips out and shaves her head in two years .
And the Evolutionary Federline is unquestionably Levi Johnston .
Who will probably end up dating Taylor Swift before everything 's said and done .
Some other Evolutionaries just for the hell of it : Dana White ( Vince McMahon ) ; Angelina Jolie ( Elizabeth Taylor ) ; Chris Martin ( Noel Gallagher ) ; Ryan Seacrest ( Dick Clark ) ; Daniel Tosh ( Joel McHale ) ; Clay Bennett ( Art Modell ) ; David Kahn ( former FEMA head Mike Brown ) .
Q : Lost in the bad financial advice given by sportswriters is the fact that working in Florida helps LeBron make more money due to taxes .
Mark my words , soon a state will figure this out and instead of spending taxpayer dollars to fund stadiums , it will write a tax break into its tax code specifically for professional athletes .
This state will then become the mecca for free agents and their sports teams will succeed .
-- Gordon , Omaha , Neb .
SG : Note to Ohio legislators :
Make it happen .
Fifty - six years and counting .
You need to stack the odds in your favor .
Q : My No. 1 reason for watching the World Cup :
If you lose , something bad may happen to you .
The Fear Factor is great .
Some dictator , ruler or cartel will sell your family , house and car before your plane lands .
Do you really think the North Korea goalie is still alive after giving up seven goals ?
Kim Jong
Il has that guy floating in a dinghy somewhere .
-- Mike Allen , Chicago
SG : All good points .
It 's the only life - or - death event we have .
I mean , even when Steve Bartman helped screw up the 2003 NLCS for Cubs fans , they did n't kill him ; they only made him move to Europe , change his name and start a new life as if he had joined the witness protection program .
That 's totally different .
Q : If you could have one LeBron - related question answered , and only one , what would it be ?
-- Kenny , Chicago
SG : What happened in the Boston series between Game 3 and Game 6 ?
My Dad was so crushed after Game 3 that he sold his tickets online for Game 4 .
We thought that series was over .
LeBron was at the peak of his powers .
So what turned a two - time MVP and one of the league 's most competitive guys into someone who seemed genuinely uninterested in Game 5 and could n't wait to get off the court in the last 90 seconds of Game 6 ?
What happened ?
WHAT HAPPENED ?
How that was n't asked during " The Decision , " I will never know .
( My runner - up choice : Your Cavs teams were extraordinarily close in 2009 and 2010 ; what happened in the playoffs that made you guys fall apart and snowballed to the point that you did n't even mention them during your one - hour " Decision " special ?
It was as if they were 11 waiters and bartenders with whom you worked at a restaurant for three weeks .
You guys made such a big deal about being friends on and off the court ; within five weeks , you were talking about how nice it would be to play with your good friends Wade and Bosh in Miami .
What happened ????????)
Q : I 'm going to see " Sex and the City 2 " tomorrow , by myself , no girlfriend , just so I can hate something more than the Lakers .
-- Tommy , Reno , Nev .
SG : Received that e-mail one day after Game 7 .
And you thought that was the least redeemable movie ever made .
Nope .
Q : Is the Gibson / Eckersley face - off the single greatest mustache confrontation in the history of sports ?
-- Alec , Kansas City , Mo .
SG : Only one man could answer this question : A longtime mustache aficionado and the head curator at the Useless Sports History Museum , ESPN 's own Chris Connelly .
Here 's what Chris wrote me
" Honestly ?
It does n't even seem like that would be the best baseball matchup : Sparky Lyle ?
Al Hrabosky ?
Mike Marshall ?
And 1988 -- that 's gotta make you suspicious , right ?
That was late in the mustache era .
The '70s -- whoo !
Had to come from then .
But Gossage retired hairless Yaz. Rollie Fingers struck out hairless Johnny Bench .
So no such luck .
My next thought : Clark Gillies versus Dave Schultz !
But the YouTube footage is unclear .
Though both had mustaches , it looks like Schultz has a beard and Gillies is clean - shaven for their bouts .
My final answer ?
Joe Namath versus Ben Davidson ( Fu Manchu plus Serious Handlebar , plus Ben gets bonus points for appearing in ' Behind the Green Door ' ) in the Heidi Game . "
( Honorable mention from Simmons : Kareem Abdul - Jabbar punching out Kent Benson or , as it would come to be known , the most violent confrontation in mustache history .
By the way , why is n't there a book called " Mustache History " ?
Or at least a band ? )
Q : Heard these rumors that the Yankees are going to buy Tottenham ?
Does this add a new dimension to the viable reasons for leaving a fan base ?
I mean you 've only been a Spurs fan for , what , 12 months ?
-- Joe Sheehan , Spokane , Wash .
SG : Yup .
And needless to say , there would n't be a 13th month .
I 'd just switch to whatever team Landon Donovan was playing for .
Which reminds me
Q : The MLS is taking the stance that Donovan is not for sale .
While I think it 's great to have Donovan in the MLS , this is not beneficial for American soccer .
Donovan is in his prime , unlike Thierry Henry ( on the downside of his career ) .
Donovan should be playing in the EPL against the world 's best competition , not in the MLS ( minor league soccer ) .
-- Art Morath , Akron , Ohio
SG : Could n't agree more .
I do n't see the MLS ever being bigger than Triple - A baseball in America , which is fine ; Triple - A baseball sells out stadiums , works as a feeder system for the majors and remains lucrative .
The hook for soccer is the national team , and by proxy , the success of the best American players .
And , as Art points out , our players can only get better by playing against the best competition .
So if we want to expose fledgling fans to the best possible soccer AND tap into the American / underdog / our - guys dynamic , the following scenario needs to happen : Donovan ( the most famous American soccer player ever and still in his prime ) needs to play overseas for a Premier League team ( let 's say Everton , given that it already has Tim Howard ) ; Everton needs to sign two other blue - chip Americans ( let 's say Jozy Altidore and Michael Bradley ) and turn itself into America 's Overseas Premier League Team ; then , ESPN needs to sign a deal to show every game live for this team -- and create a " Hard Knocks " - type show about a season in the life of this team .
Q : I think it should be your job ( and every other non-Miami NBA fan , media member , etc. ) to cause as much dissension on the Heat as possible .
As such , I suggest always referring to the team as :
( A) Dwyane Wade 's Miami Heat ;
( B) Dwyane Wade 's South Beach Heat ;
(C) Dwyane Wade and company ; and / or
( D) NBA champion Dwayne Wade and his Miami Heat .
Just sowing the seeds ,
-- Mike in Boston
SG : I love it !
Let 's give it a whirl .
Q : You 're wrong about Chris Bosh not playing in big games .
I direct you to the tapes of the 2003 NIT in his only year at Georgia Tech .
He came to play !
-- Chad , Los Angeles
SG : Bosh and Mike Miller combined : 31 NBA playoff games ( all in the first round ) .
Bosh has n't made the playoffs since 2008 ; Miller has n't made it since 2006 .
The good news :
While playing for Dwyane Wade 's Miami Heat , they 'll be mentored by Juwan Howard ( 29 career playoff games in 16 seasons ) .
Yes , these are the tiny straws that I 'm holding onto these days as I slowly come to grips with Dwyane Wade 's Miami Heat winning 68 games as LeBron slaps up a 24 - 10 - 12 .
( Two interesting notes off the last point : First , the 2011 MVP title is Kevin Durant 's to lose unless LeBron tosses up the aforementioned triple - double for Dwyane Wade 's Miami Heat .
Or something close .
Which is entirely possible because it sure looks as if they 're going to position him as a 285 - pound Magic 2.0 next season .
And second , only Tiny Archibald and Wilt Chamberlain have " scoring season leader " and " assists season leader " on their résumé .
Two crazy benchmarks sitting there waiting to be taken : the triple - double thing and the points / assists thing .
That 's the best way for him to get us to forget about " The Decision " -- win games and break records . )
Q : I just read on TMZ that Jennifer Capriati dated male adult film star Dale DaBone 2003 - 2009 .
How is that you have never mentioned this couple in any of your mailbags or analogies over the years .
I am pretty sure you mentioned DaBone on a couple of occasions .
Plus , is this the first case of a female celebrity / athelete dating a male adult star ?
Your readers need these answers .
-- JJY the 3rd , Poconos of PA
SG : I did n't mention it only because I never knew until recently .
On a scale of 1 to 100 , how disappointing was it that they did n't get married and she did n't start playing professionally with the name Jennifer DaBone ?
I have it at 96 right now .
You could talk me into going higher .
Q : You have to install Ghana 's 2010 World Cup loss as the Perfect 10 of the Levels of Losing .
Think about it : last minute of overtime , you 're about to go where no African team has gone before , and the ball IS going in before that Uruguayan slaps it away -- then you shank the PK .
Not just a city , not even a country , a whole CONTINENT 's dreams go down in raging flames of bitterness .
You can't get worse than that .
-- Nate L. , Los Angeles
SG : It 's only July , and we 've somehow created four new levels of losing in 2010 .
You can see the revised list in the sidebar to the right ( plus the last version of the column , from 2008 ) .
Here are the latest additions :
LEVEL XIX : THE NEAR SPORTS MOVIE ENDING
An offshoot of the Princeton Principle :
When your team misses a chance to pull off a " Hoosiers " - like upset and make history by a fraction of an inch .
You can't be angry at the players because they did everything they could , but you can't shake how close they came to immortality .
Yeah , I 'm talking to you , Butler fans .
One more inch and you win the title on the single greatest basketball shot ever .
You claim you are n't bitter , but I guarantee you had a few too many drinks at least once in the past four months and that bitterness seeped out and you engaged someone in a " Really , that f--- ing shot could n't have banked in ?
Really ? " conversation .
You did .
Do n't lie .
LEVEL XV : THE SILVER PLATTER
When you blow a deciding game even though the other team is putting it on a silver platter and practically begging you to finish it off .
You know , like blowing a double - digit lead in the second half of a Game 7 even though the other team shot 32 percent and its best player went 6 - for - 24 and had his fans greeting every brick with the same horrified silence Sarah Palin had when Bristol told her , " Guess what ?
Levi and I are engaged ! "
LEVEL V : THE KNIFE IN THE BACK
See : LeBron , Cleveland , " The Decision . "
The most devastating sports defeat that did n't happen in a game .
LEVEL II : THE CONTINENTAL STOMACH PUNCH
Ghana blowing the potential winning penalty kick against Uruguay in the World Cup , then losing the game on penalty kicks a few minutes later .
That was like all three Cleveland teams losing their worst possible game at the same time , only if Cleveland were a Third World country .
Q : Overheard in Heat front office , Miami , on Dec. 02 , 2010 : " Send Spoelstra off to do this , send Spoelstra off to do that !
Let Spoelstra take care of some Mickey Mouse nightclub somewhere !
Send Spoelstra to pick somebody up at the airport ! "
-- Matt , Seattle
SG : " That 's the way Wade and LeBron wanted it . "
" That 's not the way I wanted it !
That 's not the way I wanted it !
I was the incumbent coach , and I was passed over ! "
Q : " It 's a Shame About Ray " is now about Ray Allen 's meltdown in the NBA Finals .
You wo n't undo this .
-- Conrad , Los Angeles
SG : I have no counter until a Celtics - friendly band writes and records a song called " 6 - for - 24 , " then sends me the link to the video .
Which , by the way , would earn all my column and Twitter traffic , as well as the traffic from pretty much every Boston blog or column .
Just a hint .
Speaking of the Celtics
Q : In a few of your July 21 tweets you tweeted how the Celts could trade Rondo and a few other pieces for CP3 and possibly Emeka Okafor .
My question is :
Are you on drugs ?
The reason New Orleans would jump on that is because they know ( and so does everyone else who has sense ) that Paul is the fourth - best point guard in the league , behind Deron Williams ( No. 3 ) , Rondo ( No. 2 ) , and LeBron ( No. 1 ) , assuming of course that LBJ does in fact slide into the Magic Johnson - esque point - forward role .
-- Steven , Jupiter , Fla .
SG : Apparently I was on drugs :
In a rare error for the Picasso of the Trade Machine ( I blame a bad batch of coffee ) , I forgot that Rondo was a base - year compensation guy thanks to last season 's extension , making it impossible capwise for Boston to deal him without getting a third team involved .
And we all know menage - a- trades never work in the NBA .
I do think Boston would have considered it because of what happened in the 2010 Finals ( when Kobe played eight feet off Rondo in Game 7 and grabbed 15 rebounds because of it ) , because of Paul 's brilliance in 2008 and 2009 ( when he slapped together the best back - to - back statistical seasons by any point guard since Oscar Robertson ) , and because Paul would solve their crunch - time woes .
We 'll never know , though .
One more note : New Orleans can't trade Paul unless it dumps Okafor 's contract ( four years and $ 52 million remaining ) and maybe even every other bad contract it has ( one year of Peja Stojakovic for $ 14.3 million ; two years of James Posey for $ 13 million ) .
That rules out every suitor except Oklahoma City ( this trade plus two No. 1 picks , which hinges on Paul agreeing to play for another small - market team ) ; Orlando ( which could n't give New Orleans a blue - chipper but could take back every bad contract with this trade ) ; Portland ( this trade plus picks , money and Greg Oden 's cell phone ) ; Houston ( this trade plus New York 's pick in 2011 or 2012 and $ 3 million , with the caveat that New Orleans buys out Yao and he re-signs with Houston ) ; Dallas ( two deals : Tyson Chandler for Okafor and $ 3 million , then this deal with Dallas throwing in another $ 3 million ) ; and New York ( this trade plus $ 3 million ) .
So if they 're really trading him -- and by the way , he wanted out five weeks ago -- we 're about to find out what 's important to Mr. Paul .
If he wants to win titles , he pushes for Oklahoma City or Orlando .
If he wants to be famous in a big market , play D'Antoni Ball and throw alley - oops to Amare Stoudemire as MSG goes bonkers , he pushes for New York .
Either way , I think he 's gone .
( Note : That sudden silence you hear is 5 million Knicks fans being unable to breathe . )
Q : Dear Mr. Simmons ,
Are you paid by the word ?
Your writing style reminds of high school and college writers who become too easily convinced " they can write ! "
Perhaps you could consider dialing it down a notch ?
Excess can be enthralling if you are Thomas Wolf[e ] , Dostoyevski or Herman Melville .
You are not .
You are a hyperactive , possibly neurotic sports hack writing about illiterate high - school - drop - out millionaires .
Who has the time to read your self - congratulatory rantings ?
If you want to read GREAT sportswriting look to " The Guardian . "
It 's not about YOU .
Try writing about the actual event .
Once .
Briefly .
It 's called journalism .
-- Craig Pedersen , New York
SG : Put it this way : I could have gone on a writer 's retreat with 10 buddies , spent four solid days trying to come up with the douchiest e-mail possible and still not done better than Craig Pedersen of New York .
Q : Has there ever been a worse sports contract than Elin Woods for 6yrs / $ 100 m ?
-- Daveg34 ( via Twitter )
SG : Come on , in the summer when Joe Johnson got $ 120 million , David Lee and Rudy Gay got $ 80 million , Brendan Haywood got $ 55 million , and Drew Gooden / Darko Milicic / Amir Johnson / Channing Frye got a combined $ 116 million , I think Elin for a rumored $ 100 million sounds more than fair .
That 's a good price for a franchise Swedish trophy wife .
Q : When I heard about the Elin Woods divorce settlement , the first thing I thought about was that she now could buy a sports franchise .
I think she owes it to the world to buy an NBA team and become the world 's first MILF owner .
-- Harvey , Miami
SG : You just described the plot of HBO 's " First and Ten , " or , as every horny teenager from the mid-'80s remembers it , " That football show with a skinny and surprisingly hot Delta Burke , O.J. Simpson , Ogre from ' Revenge of the Nerds , ' USFL footage and at least one gratuitous sex scene per show . "
Uh -oh , I think I just gave Spike a bad idea for a remake .
Q : For the upcoming Miami season , what do you think would be the best chant to really get under LeBron 's skin ?
It should be something to call out his second - banana status on the Heat .
Maybe something like Sidekick , or my personal favorite , Robin .
-- Rick , Livingston , N.J .
SG : I vote for these three
1. " You Sold Out ! You Sold Out ! You Sold Out ! "
2. " De-lon -tay ! De-lon - tay ! Del - lon-tay ! "
3. ( Derisive singing ) " Siiiiiiiiide - kick . Siiiiiiiiiiiiide - kick . Siiiiiiiiiiiide - kick . "
( Note : Of those three , the last one will hurt the most and possibly propel him into " I 'll show you who 's the sidekick ! " mode . )
Q : If you look back on all the episodes of " Seinfeld " that dealt with Jerry and Co. frantically racing across town for whatever reason or missing somebody at a restaurant or bar by a couple of minutes , a BlackBerry or iPhone would 've solved all their problems .
Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld are lucky they made the show when they did ( before cell phones went mainstream ) because there 's no way " Seinfeld " works in 2010 .
-- Steve Clark , Fort Wayne , Ind .
SG : Thanks for ruining " Seinfeld " reruns for me ; I can't watch the show since I read this e-mail .
Next up for Steve Clark : Figuring out ways to piss on Christmas and three - day weekends .
Q : How long until the Timberwolves trade for Greg Oden to complete the botched draft pick trio ?
Beasley , Milicic and Oden -- unstoppable !
-- Chad , Detroit Lakes , Minn .
SG : Minnesota fans everywhere are screaming , " No !
He just gave David Kahn his next dumb idea !
No !
Why did you print that ??? ? "
Q : I 'm sitting at my cubicle at work and reading about the potential Al Jefferson trade to Utah .
Utah would supposedly give up NOBODY !
I know Al regressed a little last season , but this is one of the handful of guys who can score in the post and average 20 and 10 , and Kahn is giving him away for the chance to draft more PGs and SFs ??
The reasoning : There 's a logjam in the front court because of the Beasley trade and Darko re-signing .
You know how you avoid that logjam : DON'T RE - SIGN DARKO OR TRADE FOR BEASLEY .
How does this man have my dream job and make 10 times more than me while I 'm stuck in this cubicle ???
Answer me !
-- Patrick , Los Angeles
SG : Kahn !!!!!!!!!!!!
Kahnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KAHNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN !
Q : Who is the funniest man alive right now ?
Personally I like Zach Galifianiakis -- he 's the Kevin Durant of this category .
We know he will be great , but he is n't quite there yet .
I 'm still taking him .
-- Joey Miller , Dallas
SG : I spent way too much time thinking about this .
The short answer : Yes .
2009 belonged to Galifianiakis over any other funny person .
Not sure about 2010 yet .
The long answer :
With the NBA , I can just click on a list of MVPs for the past 50 years that gives me a general idea of " Who was the best player alive for that year ? "
We do n't have this for the Funniest Person Alive title , and really , we should .
You have to nail at least one of these questions to qualify for that given year :
Were you in the hottest comedy of the year or , even better , in the middle of a run of hot comedies ?
Were you carrying SNL ?
Did you have an iconic stand - up special , cable TV show , late - night show or comedy series ?
Did you routinely crush any late - night appearance or SNL hosting gig ?
Did you have a huge approval rating with little to no backlash ?
Do we associate that year with you to some degree ?
I need resonance beyond just cult affection , which unfortunately rules out the great Bill Hicks ( who has a strong case for 1990 ) .
For instance : 1982 , 1983 , 1984 Eddie Murphy .
Period .
That was the Eddie Era. SNL , " Delirious , " " 48 Hrs. , " " Trading Places , " " Beverly Hills Cop . "
Done .
There was no doubt whatsoever .
And sure , there might have been some doubt in other years .
But here 's what I am thinking for guys in my lifetime ( starting in 1975 , when I could start remembering stuff , along with input from 10 - 12 friends ) .
1975 : Richard Pryor
Best stand - up comedian alive ( and the most respected ) .
Also crushed his only SNL hosting gig ever with its first legitimately great show and water cooler sketch .
1976 : Chevy Chase
SNL 's first breakout star as it became a national phenomenon .
He also made the worst move in Funniest Guy history by leaving the show as he was wrapping up his Funniest Guy season .
Even " The Decision " was a better idea .
1977 - 78 : John Belushi
Replaced Chase as SNL 's meal ticket in ' 77 , then had the single best year in Funny Guy History a year later : starred on SNL ( in its biggest year ever , when audiences climbed to more than 30 million per episode ) ; starred in " Animal House " ( the No. 1 comedy of 1978 and a first - ballot Hall of Famer ) ; had the No. 1 album ( the Blues Brothers ' first album ) .
No. 1 in TV , movies and music at the same time ?
I 'm almost positive this will never happen again .
And also , if you put all the funniest people ever at the funniest points of their lives in one room , I think he'd be the alpha dog thanks to force of personality .
So there 's that .
1979 : Robin Williams , Steve Martin ( tie )
" Mork and Mindy " plus a big stand - up career for Williams ; " The Jerk " plus a best - selling comedy album plus " official best SNL host ever " status for Martin .
1980 : Rodney Dangerfield
His breakout year with " Caddyshack , " killer stand - up , killer Carson appearances , a Grammy - winning comedy album , even a Rolling Stone cover .
Our oldest winner .
1981 : Bill Murray
Carried " Stripes " one year after " Caddyshack . "
Tough year for comedy with cocaine was ruining nearly everybody at this point .
1982 - 84 : Eddie Murphy
The best three - year run anyone has had .
Like Bird 's three straight MVPs .
And by the way , " Beverly Hills Cop " is still the No. 1 comedy of all time if you use adjusted gross numbers .
( Random note : Sam Kinison 's 1984 spot on Dangerfield 's " Young Comedians " special has to be commemorated in some way .
At the time , it was the funniest six minutes that had ever happened , and it could have single - handedly won him the title in almost any other year .
It 's also the hardest I have ever laughed without drugs being involved .
Sadly , I can't link to it because of the language and because it crosses about 35 lines of decency .
But it 's easily found , if you catch my drift . )
1985 - 86 : David Letterman
Went from " cult hero " to " established mainstream star , " ushered in the Ironic Comedy Era , pushed the comedy envelope as far as it could go , and if you want to dig deeper , supplanted Carson as the den father for that generation of up - and - comers and new superstars ( Murphy , Leno , Seinfeld , Michael Keaton , Tom Hanks , Howard Stern , etc. ) and , on a personal note , had a bigger influence on me than anyone other than my parents .
One of two people I could never meet because I would crumble like a crumb cake .
( You can guess the other . )
1987 : Jay Leno , Howard Stern ( tie )
Seems like a million years ago , but Leno 's frequent appearances on Letterman 's show and enjoyable " Tonight Show " guest host spots stole the ' 87 title from Letterman just because he seemed newer and fresher .
( Note : The Leno - Letterman spot always delivered the goods .
They were unbelievable together .
That 's what made it so unbelievable when Leno backstabbed him for the " Tonight Show " job . )
Meanwhile , Stern 's morning show had become a tri-state phenomenon and reached the point that people were trading cassette tapes ; he even landed a Fox pilot that year .
1988 : Eddie Murphy
Reclaimed the throne with " Coming to America " one year after " Raw . "
Also , Arsenio Hall 's show had taken off and Eddie was a frequent guest .
The last great Eddie year .
Alas .
1989 : Dana Carvey
SNL 's first breakout star in five years thanks to the Church Lady , his Bush Senior impersonation and a bunch of other things that did n't really hold up .
What 's weird is that Phil Hartman 's SNL stuff held up much better , only it took Carvey 's leaving for people to realize how great Hartman was .
1990 : Billy Crystal
Never had a career year but accumulated enough momentum from his stupendous SNL stint ( 1984 - 85 ) , " City Slickers , " his HBO comedy special and his late - night guest spots that his 1990 Oscars host job ( the best ever to that point ) wins him the award in a weak year .
FYI : You could make a decent Hicks case here , but he just was n't well - known enough .
1991 : Jerry Seinfeld
The year his show started taking off , much to the delight of everyone who loved him from his Letterman / Carson spots and the four episodes from the previous summer .
I will never forget me and my buddy Kurt Sanger trying to persuade everyone else we knew in college to watch the first episode of Season 2 with us ( January 1991 ) and only a couple of them biting .
1992 : Jerry Seinfeld , Mike Myers ( tie )
Seinfeld 's show became a smash hit ; Myers was SNL 's biggest star during a resurgent era and also made a hit movie ( " Wayne 's World , " now the most dated comedy of all time and totally weird to watch , although the " Bohemian Rhapsody " scene remains funny ) .
1993 : Mike Myers
Weak year .
Myers had SNL , " Wayne 's World 2 " and " So I Married An Axe Murderer . "
You could talk me into giving the entire " Simpsons " writing staff this spot just to get them on the list .
1994 : Jim Carrey
" Ace Ventura , " " The Mask " and " Dumb & Dumber . "
Has anyone ever gone 3 - for - 3 with smash hits in one year ?
Now he 's just a crazy person on Twitter .
1995 : Chris Farley
His long - awaited " I always loved Chris Farley and now I feel totally vindicated because I knew he was going to be famous " year with " Tommy Boy . "
Which still holds up , by the way .
Silver medal to Norm MacDonald for crushing it on " Weekend Update " during and after the O.J. trial .
1996 : Chris Rock
He underachieved on SNL to the point that , when he switched to " In Living Color " for one year , nobody gave a crap .
By 1995 , he had fallen into the " doing guest spots on ' Martin ' and ' Fresh Prince of Bel Air ' " stage of his career .
And then , out of nowhere " Bring the Pain " happened .
The best stand - up special since Eddie in his prime .
Who knew ?
1997 : Garry Shandling
The best season ever ( Season 5 ) of one of the greatest comedies ever ( " The Larry Sanders Show " ) peaks with " The Roast " ( the single funniest episode in the history of the show ) .
Good enough to win a weak year .
1998 : Adam Sandler
Became an A - list comedy franchise with " The Wedding Singer " and " The Waterboy . "
Weak year otherwise .
1999 : Mike Myers , Chris Rock ( tie )
" Austin Powers 2 " ( and A - list celeb status ) for Myers ; " Bigger and Blacker " special and an inventive weekly HBO show for Rock .
2000 : Will Ferrell
At the height of his SNL powers at this point thanks to his Dubya impersonation .
You could make a very strong " Will Ferrell was the greatest cast member in the history of SNL " case .
2001 : Matt Stone and Trey Parker ( tie )
A seminal season for " South Park " ( Season 5 ) peaks with the ballsy Osama episode just eight weeks after 9/11 .
Weird year for comedy in general .
You could make a strong case for Ricky Gervais here ; I would give it to him except for the fact that I hate British people .
2002 : Larry David
His best " Curb Your Enthusiasm " season ( Season 3 ) , and it featured my single favorite episode ( the one with Krazee - Eyez Killa ) .
2003 : Dave Chappelle
Season 1 . Enough said .
The last unequivocal , there - is - no - doubt - whatsoever - that - he - has - the - title comedy season .
2004 : Dave Chappelle , Jon Stewart ( tie )
Season 2 for Chappelle and a breakout year for Stewart ( the 2004 election , his " Crossfire " appearance , the release of his book and his Peabody Award ) .
2005 : Steve Carell
" The Office " takes off , and " The 40 - Year - Old Virgin " hits theaters .
Good enough to take a splintered year .
Thanks to the Internet and cable booms , comedy became so specialized that it got infinitely more difficult to say one person was the Funniest Man Alive .
My personal choice : Ferrell again , just because of " Anchorman . "
2006 : Sacha Baron Cohen
Borat .
More than enough .
2007 : Larry David
Comeback year for " Curb " as the Blacks move into Larry 's house .
Runner - up : Judd Apatow .
2008 : Tina Fey
" 30 Rock " takes off , and Palin falls into her lap .
Our first and only woman !
2009 : Zach Galifianiakis
His " Hangover " role was funnier than anything anyone else did right ?
2010 : ????????
Five months to go .
Have n't had a breakout star yet .
Unless you count the double rainbow guy .
So there you go .
Q : I nominate Jor-El for worst parent of the century .
It 's highly irresponsible to put a naked baby in a space ship made of sharp rocks .
It 's a good thing there is no child services on Krypton or his ass would be locked up .
-- Brendon P , Cedar Falls , Iowa
SG : Well , I guess it 's time .
Q : So I 'm up late on Saturday night watching MTV's " True Life . "
It 's an episode in which it follows two people who are n't happy about their gender .
One guy is super excited about getting his boobs so he can start the process of becoming a woman .
He gets his new boobs and when we finally get to see them , they are blurred .
Wait a minute is n't he still a guy ?
What 's the difference between this and anyone on " The Biggest Loser " ?
Also , it follows a girl who is getting her boobs removed .
They show her in the operation room and when her boobs are getting cut out , there is no blur to be seen .
Six weeks later , they pull off the bandages and there they are .
All stitched up for me to see .
No blurs to be found .
So now I 'm really perplexed .
When do the rules of what to / what not to blur set in ?
-- Mike Gath , Austin , Texas
SG : Approaching
Q : If you could replace any character in movie history with yourself , who would it be and why ?
My vote is for you to replace Goose in " Top Gun . "
You get to kiss a young and hot Meg Ryan , get a nickname no one will ever forget , plus you seem like the kind of guy that would love to play shirtless volleyball with Tom Cruise and Val Kilmer , and next to Cruise you would look 6 - foot - 9 .
I do n't think anyone would watch it but still .
-- Scott Smith , Madison , Wis .
SG : Coming in for the landing
Q : Am I the only one who does the following ?
Whenever I get more than about three - fourths of the way down your mailbag , I start scrolling very slowly through each question and answer so that the next one does n't appear .
That way , I wo n't errantly glance down and see the " Yup , these are my readers " line below , which ruins the surprise .
It seems silly but also necessary -- it 's much more satisfying to read the e-mail in anticipation of the eventual YTAMR .
-- Ari Ofsevit , Boston
SG : Yup , these are my readers .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com and the author of the recent New York Times best - seller " The Book of Basketball . "
For every Simmons column and podcast , check out Sports Guy 's World .
Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/sportsguy33.
Bruins To Make Major Announcement During Press Conference by Staff Writer / Boston Bruins
BOSTON , MA - The Boston Bruins will make a major announcement during a press conference on Wednesday , June 16 at 2 p.m. in the Gray Walls Area at the TD Garden .
Present for the press conference will be : Boston Bruins Owner Jeremy Jacobs , Principal Charlie Jacobs , Senior Advisor to the Owner Harry Sinden , General Manager Peter Chiarelli and Vice President Cam Neely .
The press conference will be streamed live on www.bostonbruins.com.
BOSTON BRUINS PRESS CONFERENCE INFO
WHEN : Wednesday , June 16 at 2 p.m. ET
WHERE : Gray Walls Area , Third Level , TD Garden ( 100 Legends Way , Boston , MA 02114 )
WHO : Jeremy Jacobs , Charlie Jacobs , Harry Sinden , Peter Chiarelli and Cam Neely
View Less
The 2 billion dollar protein sequencing error
Have you ever made a sequencing error ?
Remember the moment you finally stare at the control experiment , and it slowly dawns on you that you had really fucked up .
You stomach drops as you realized the consequences : maybe you kick yourself for your stupidity , maybe you just realized that you had poured 12,000 dollars down the drain , maybe you had just seen a chapter in your thesis dissolve into thin air .
But anything you might imagine will pale in comparison to the sequencing error made by a company in the wild - west days of biotech .
You 've probably never heard of the company that made the error ( Genetics Institute ) .
The company that did not was Amgen .
And the difference is a patent now worth $ 2 billion a year .
The protein involved is known as erythopoietin , but you probably know it as the drug that Lance Armstrong did not take , otherwise known as EPO .
It 's a sordid but rather entertaining story ( would make a decent screen - play ) , and I stumbled on to it whilst Merrill Goozner 's history of the modern pharmaceutical industry " The $ 800 Million Pill : The Truth behind the Cost of New Drugs " .
Not only did the sequencing error set back Genetics Institute in the race to patent the synthetic manufacture of EPO , but Genetics Institute had actually stolen the sequence from Amgen in the first place .
But first , some background .
The golden age of biotech in the 1980's centered around a cluster of technologies now known as recombinant DNA engineering .
In recombinant DNA engineering , if you could extract the complete DNA sequence that coded for a protein in the human genome , you could recombine that piece of DNA into a virus , inject that virus into a colony of bacteria , and force feed the bacteria into making industrial quantities of your human protein .
This was much easier than the previous method , which is to kill a lot of animals and extract minute quantities of the protein , and make medicine out of it .
This promised a dramatically new line of therapy for diseases caused by the lack of a specific protein ; the replacement of which restored normal function in a sick person .
In hindsight , it turned out that there were only a handful of human diseases – the " low - hanging fruit " of biotech – that could fit this description .
But almost every one of these diseases would lead to a blockbuster drug that would make the fortune of several biochemistry professors of the US university system .
Erythropoiesis – or red blood cell formation was one such disease .
Red blood cell formation was known to be triggered by the presence of one , and only one , protein ; erythopoietin or Epo .
When Winston Salser left UCLA to create AMGEN , he had no clear idea of what he wanted to work on .
He chased several drug targets of diseases , one of which , included erythropoiesis .
However , for him to apply his DNA recombinant techniques to Epo , he would need the DNA sequence .
And that , he did not have .
Cue to Eugene Goldwasser , who over several decades , had worked out methods to identify EPO , and purify it ; first from animals , and then from humans .
However , he did not know the protein sequence , let alone the DNA sequence that codes for the protein .
Indeed Goldwasser did n't even have that much Epo .
It was n't until 1973 that Goldwasser found a way to produce workable quantities of Epo.
Goldwasser was contacted by Takaji Miyake of Kumamoto university , who had access to some patients who suffered from a condition called aplastic anemia .
The bone marrow of these patients did not work properly and led to an overproduction of Epo in the patient 's urine .
Sending this urine to the US , Goldwasser was able to purify 8 mg of pure human Epo from 2,250 liters of piss over a period of 18 months .
This became the world 's only supply of Epo .
After a lot of delicate negotiations , Goldwasser did a deal with Amgen .
And Amgen undertook the process of figuring out the DNA sequence for EPO in the human genome , using Goldwasser 's store of Epo .
You might be aware from first year biochemistry that there is a unique DNA code for the amino acids that codes for a protein .
But a working gene , or fully functioning DNA sequence , includes so much more : start codes , end codes , promoters , repressors , splicing points , and other such regulatory pieces of DNA .
Consequently , the process involved , first , working out the protein sequence of Epo , then working out the DNA sequence that codes the amino acids , and finally using fragments of these sequences to search for the actual piece of DNA in an actual human genome .
But first , Amgen needed the protein sequence of Epo .
And they were in luck .
In this golden age of biotech , many new machines would spring into existence like Athena from the head of Zeus .
Leroy Hood of Caltech had just built a machine that could sequence the amino acids of a protein , any protein , using only a small quantity of protein .
So Amgen sent a small sample of Epo to Leroy Hood to figure out the protein sequence .
And here is where it gets interesting .
Rodney Hewick , one of the co-inventors of the protein sequencing machine , was one of the people who carried out the sequence analysis .
After sequencing Epo , Hewick abruptly quit on Sep 1st 1981 , only to immediately join a Boston biotech , Genetics Institute as a senior protein chemist .
He arrived at the new company bearing gifts , and the gift was the sequence of Epo .
Suddenly the race was on for the identification of the human gene of Epo , and the patenting of the process to synthetically manufacture EPO using DNA recombinant engineering : Amgen on the West coast , Genetics Institute on the East coast .
The problem was that Rodney Hewick made exactly 3 errors out of 166 amino acids in the protein sequence of Epo .
And he did n't even know it .
And in Boston , he had no more access to Goldwasser 's precious store of Epo to double - check his sequencing .
After 3 year of failure , Genetics Insitute finally realized that their protein sequence was wrong .
To mitigate their error , they had to hammer out a deal with Miyake in Japan to get their hands on the precious urine of the patients with aplastic anemia .
They purified their own Epo , sequenced it again , and finally found the full gene for Epo .
They submitted the article to Nature on Dec 7 , 1984 .
But by then it was too late .
Fu -Kuen Lin , who had joined Amgen as their 7th scientist in 1981 , had single - handedly identified the human of Epo in the human genome using Goldwasser 's protein .
More important than getting a Nature paper , he had filed a patent for Amgen in Dec 13 .
1983 , a good year before Genetics Institute 's Nature article .
In the world of big pharma , it is the patent that matters .
Amgen got FDA approval in on June 1 in 1989 .
EPO was Amgen 's blockbuster drug , which attracted 460 million dollars from the government in the first year .
It is now worth 2 billion dollars of income , and almost half of Amgen 's income in 2002 .
Amgen became a biotech behemoth , whereas Genetics Institute eventually got bought out by Wyeth .
And all because of of 3 errors in the sequencing of the protein .
Ryanair to sell standing room only tickets for £ 4 ... funded by charging passengers to use the toilet
[ caption ]
Air passengers might soon be able to fly from just £ 4 , with ample leg room to boot .
There ’s just one small catch , it seems – they ’ll have to stand .
Instead of being allocated a seat , Ryanair travellers would perch on a narrow shelf and lean against a flat padded backboard .
They would be restrained with a strap stretching over their shoulder , the budget airline said .
But the bizarre initiative ran into an immediate obstacle .
European aviation safety regulators said the perches would not meet safety rules .
Last night Ryanair ’s chief executive Michael O’Leary went ahead regardless with his announcement of plans to remove the back ten rows of seats from 250 planes and replace them with 15 rows of so - called ‘ vertical seating ’ .
Two lavatories at the back could also be removed , helping to allow up to 50 extra passengers on each flight .
Mr O’Leary told ITV1 ’s How To Beat The Budget Airlines that safety testing would begin next year , when a £ 1 charge to use toilets will be introduced .
Scroll down for video ...
[ caption ]
[ caption ]
Ryanair hopes to phase in the perches on commuter flights of up to an hour long before expanding them to all aircraft .
Aviation law states that people have to have a seat belt on for take - off , landing and turbulence .
A final decision on whether the perches meet the rules would rest with the European Aviation Safety Agency based in Cologne , Germany .
But last night it dismissed the Ryanair plan as a stunt .
‘ To our knowledge , no airlines or other operators have made an application for stand - up seats , ’ a spokesman said .
‘ What they are proposing would be unprecedented and highly unlikely to be certified in the near future .
‘ Stand - up seating would require changes to European rules for the certification of aircraft .
‘ The current rules determine that each passenger has to be provided with “ a seat or , if they are immobile , a berth ” .
This is neither . ’
The publicity has certainly succeeded in distracting attention from Ryanair ’s controversial introduction yesterday of ‘ big baggage ’ charge rises .
Checking in a suitcase will cost up to £ 80 over the summer .
The vertical seating idea also comes days after the airline announced it was slashing its winter services by 16 per cent and carrying 2 million fewer passengers .
Poll Would you pay £ 4 for a standing - only ticket on Ryanair ?
Yes No Would you pay £ 4 for a standing - only ticket on Ryanair ?
Yes 15836 votes
No 35693 votes
Now share your opinion
Boeing , which supplies Ryanair ’s fleet of 273 737-800 passenger jets said : ‘ We are not considering standing - only accommodations .
‘ Stringent regulatory requirements – including seats capable of withstanding a force of 16 times gravity – pretty much preclude such an arrangement . ’
But Ryanair spokesman Stephen McNamara said : ‘ We are confident the seats can pass safety tests .
‘ Boeing can put a man on the moon so I am sure they are able to make these a success .
‘ Seats are lighter and the carbon footprint will be smaller , as more seats fit into a smaller area . ’
Mr O’Leary has manipulated the media to publicise his airline in the past .
‘ Standing room only ’ was mooted back in 2006 when a prototype ‘ perch seat ’ was unveiled .
On that occasion , Ryanair later dismissed the idea as ‘ a joke ’ .
Enlarge By Charles Rex Arbogast , AP A CT scan is performed on a patient at Cook County Stroger Hospital in Chicago in May .
TIPS : WHEN TO GO TO ER TIPS : WHEN TO GO TO ER Wondering whether an illness or injury warrants a trip to the emergency room is a common quandary .
With severe , life - threatening conditions , call 911 .
Here are some other symptoms experts say require an ER visit : • Difficulty breathing or shortness of breath •
Chest or upper abdominal pain or pressure lasting two minutes or more •
Severe persistent abdominal pain •
Loss of consciousness , or sudden dizziness and weakness • Sudden changes in vision or difficulty speaking • Confusion or changes in mental status •
Severe or persistent vomiting or diarrhea •
Severe sprain or suspected broken bone , usually involving more pain and swelling than a minor sprain , which does n't merit emergency care .
•
To avoid unnecessary tests and procedures once you get to the ER ask lots of questions : •
Is this the best test or treatment ?
•
What are its costs , benefits , and risks ? •
Are there alternative tests that are cheaper or less risky ? •
Why do I need this test now , and what would happen if I do n't get it now ?
Source : The American College of Emergency Physicians Foundation and other sources VIDEO FROM FRONT LINES VIDEO FROM FRONT LINES
Click here for video .
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
FOLLOW @USATODAYHEALTH
CHICAGO 
Fast decisions on life - and - death cases are the bread and butter of hospital emergency rooms .
Nowhere do doctors face greater pressures to overtest and overtreat .
The fear of missing something weighs heavily on every doctor 's mind .
But the stakes are highest in the ER , and that fear often leads to extra blood tests and imaging scans for what may be harmless chest pains , run -of - the - mill head bumps , and non-threatening stomachaches .
Many ER doctors say the No. 1 reason is fear of malpractice lawsuits .
" It has everything to do with it , " said Dr. Angela Gardner , president of the American College of Emergency Physicians .
The fast ER pace plays a role , too :
It 's much quicker to order a test than to ask a patient lots of questions to make sure that test is really needed .
OVERTREATED : Early cancer detection can lead to overtreatment 24 HOURS IN THE ER : Video from health care 's front lines " It takes time to explain pros and cons .
Doctors like to check a box that orders a CT scan and go on to the next patient , " said Dr. Jeffrey Kline , an emergency physician at Carolinas Medical Center in Charlotte Patients ' demands drive overtesting , too .
Many think every ache and pain deserves a high - tech test .
" Our society puts more weight on technology than on physical exams , " Gardner said .
" In other words , why would you believe a doctor who only examines you when you can get an X - ray that can tell something for sure ? "
Refusing those demands creates unhappy patients .
And concern that unhappy patients will sue remains the elephant in the emergency room .
ER physicians are among the top 10 specialists most likely to be sued for malpractice , according to leading doctor and insurers groups .
The Physicians Insurers Association of America , which represents almost two - thirds of private practice doctors , lists more than 600 lawsuits against ER doctors nationwide between 2006 - 08 .
That 's about 3 % of their clients .
Statistics vary by region , and chances of being sued generally are greater for several other specialties , including obstetricians , surgeons and internists .
Still , the risk for a malpractice suit remains high in the ER because of the unique setting .
In a busy emergency room , " when all hell is breaking loose , not a lot of doctors feel they can take the time to sit down with the patient " and build rapport , said Texas family physician Dr. Howard Brody , an outspoken critic of excessive medical care .
The result can be extra costs , and potential harm — including side effects from unneeded drugs and increased chances for future cancer from excessive radiation .
No one tells patients after a CT scan that the test " just imparted three years of radiation to your body as well as significant stress on your kidney , and Medicare just got charged lots of money , " Kline said .
Gardner , who works in a Dallas emergency room , said she tries to talk patients out of tests she thinks they do n't need , but usually without success .
There are more than 116 million ER visits each year nationwide , national data suggest , and research suggests the number of visits is rising .
The most common reasons adults go to emergency departments are abdominal or chest pain .
Both can mean something harmless , or deadly .
To determine which it is , ER doctors turn to X - rays , CT scans and other imaging tests .
In 2006 , these were done for almost half of all emergency visits ; blood tests were ordered for more than a third of ER visits ; medicine , including antibiotics , was given to 75 % of patients .
One of doctors ' biggest concerns with belly pain is appendicitis , and CT scans can confirm it .
But the scans often are done in patients without classic symptoms .
Patients with suspicious abdominal pain used to go straight into the operating room , where surgeons opened them up to find appendicitis — or rule it out .
Dr. Angela Mills of the University of Pennsylvania said CT scans have reduced unnecessary surgeries , " but I think the pendulum has gone to the other side . "
The trade - off is fewer surgeries and hospitalizations versus a test that costs several hundred dollars but which involves lots of radiation .
Mills is studying a blood test that would detect a marker for appendix inflammation , which might avoid the need for CT scans , and would be safer and cheaper , too .
On a recent day at Cook County 's Stroger Hospital in Chicago , 50 - year - old Teri Moore sought treatment for abdominal pain .
A smoker with a hacking cough , the thin , auburn - haired woman had persistent vomiting and had n't eaten in three days .
Moore 's symptoms suggested a stomach ulcer or inflammation , not appendicitis .
Several blood tests were ordered , to check for anemia and liver function , among other things , said Dr. Jeffrey Schaider .
He performed a bedside abdominal ultrasound , looking for gallstones .
None showed up .
Next Moore got a chest X - ray , looking for possible pneumonia or even cancer .
Then she got a CT scan , the Cadillac of diagnostic imaging tests .
So did at least 61 of the 385 patients treated in the Stroger ER and trauma unit that day .
Doctors there boast that it's the busiest CT scanner in North America , running nearly round the clock .
It did 16,623 scans last year .
As for Moore , nothing definitive turned up , and she was sent home .
Was all her testing overkill , or good care ?
Moore said she would n't second - guess the doctors .
" They went to school for it , they should know , " she said .
Schaider said the CT scan was needed to rule out appendicitis or an infection , but above all to exclude any emergency , life - threatening condition .
" That 's our No. 1 thing , " Schaider said .
He dismissed the idea of overtesting .
" We do what testing we think is necessary , " he said .
" Most of the time we 're really motivated by what benefits the patients most . "
Still , he said lawsuit concerns play a role in testing decisions at ERs in publicly funded hospitals like Stroger , too .
Missed heart attacks like Stacy Meaux's are the top reason patients sue emergency doctors
The 41 - year - old Texas woman sought emergency treatment for chest pain at Christus St. Mary Hospital in Port Arthur , Texas , but doctors did n't think it was heart - related and sent her home .
She fell dead of a heart attack several hours later .
Her family won a malpractice lawsuit in January .
Meaux was overweight , with high blood pressure and diabetes when she died Oct. 3 , 2007 .
Doctors did two electrocardiograms — a heart test using little sensors placed on the chest and elsewhere .
They also checked Meaux 's blood pressure , but skipped other heart tests , and sent her home with medicine for high blood pressure and asthma - like symptoms , court documents show .
A jury found Meaux 's doctor and the hospital negligent and awarded her family more than $ 1 million in damages .
A hospital spokesman said he could n't comment because the hospital is appealing the verdict .
Meaux 's mother , Mary Ann Licatino , is n't so worried about ER overtesting .
" I just do n't have any faith in emergency rooms , because I lost a daughter , " Licatino said .
" They 're not doing enough . "
However , as many as 95 % of ER patients with chest pain are n't having a heart attack , so it 's more typical that doctors go overboard with testing .
" Often we are testing for that 5 % , " said Dr. Rahul Khare , an emergency physician at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago .
Patients with suspected heart attacks often get the range of what the ER offers , from multiple blood tests that can quickly add up in cost , to X - rays and EKGs , to costly CT scans , which are becoming routine in some hospital ERs for diagnosing heart attacks .
Costs vary .
At Northwestern , a heart CT scan runs roughly $ 900 , Khare said .
Add bloodwork , chest X-ray and EKGs and the total easily approaches $ 2,000 .
And the battery of testing may be paying off : A few decades ago insurance statistics showed that about 5 % of heart attacks were missed in the emergency room .
Now it 's well under 1 % , said Dr. Robert Bitterman , head of the American College of Emergency Physicians ' medical - legal committee .
" But you still get sued if you miss them , " Bitterman added .
Audrey Vernick of Ocean Township , N.J. , knows that doctors sometimes overtest .
But she also understands their dilemma .
" They 're so scared of not catching what might be there , " Vernick said .
" I can so see both sides of it . "
Vernick 's 10 - year - old daughter , Anna , twisted her ankle in gym class last fall and Vernick could n't get an appointment with an orthopedic specialist .
So she took Anna to the ER just to be safe — a visit that cost about $ 1,000 .
The family 's insurance covered it .
Anna was limping but could walk and her ankle was n't swollen or excruciatingly painful .
Common guidelines say those symptoms suggest a fracture is unlikely and an X - ray is unneeded .
She got one anyway .
It showed the ankle was n't broken .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
NEW YORK ( Reuters Life ! ) - Competitive cheerleading is too “ underdeveloped ” to qualify as a full - fledged sport for women under federal gender equality rules , and the university which proposed it discriminated against women , a federal judge in Connecticut ruled .
A cheerleading group takes part in the annual Gay Pride Parade in New York , June 27 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Keith Bedford
In the 95 - page ruling , U.S. District Judge Stefan Underhill said Quinnipiac University , located in Connecticut , had discriminated against women when it sought to eliminate the school ’s varsity volleyball team and create a competitive cheerleading squad in its stead .
Universities are mandated under a federal statute called Title IX modified in 1975 to provide equal opportunity for men and women in athletics programs .
“ Quinnipiac discriminated on the basis of sex ... by failing to provide equal athletic participation opportunities for women , ” Underhill said .
Plaintiffs ’ attorney Jonathan Orleans praised the ruling , saying in a statement “ This is a victory not only for the student athletes and their coach , but for women ’s collegiate sports generally . ”
Connecticut ACLU executive director Andrew Schneider said the decision “ gives force to the law that has opened doors for women over the last 30 years . ”
“ The University ’s competitive cheerleading team does not qualify as a varsity sport for the purposes of Title IX and , therefore , its members may not be counted as athletic participants under the statute , ” the judge ruled .
While cheerleading may be recognized in the future , the judge said , “ the activity is still too underdeveloped and disorganized to be treated as offering genuine varsity athletic participation opportunities for students . ”
There are numerous cheerleading competitions around the country emphasizing dance and gymnastics moves .
Lynn Bushnell , a spokeswoman for Quinnipiac , said in a statement the school “ is disappointed that the court has disallowed competitive cheer as a varsity sport . ”
She said the university would continue to press for competitive cheerleading to become an officially - recognized varsity sport .
The school will add women ’s rugby to equalize opportunities for women , the spokeswoman said .
Great composers wrote and rewrote their works , but a jazz musician playing a solo passage is engaging in an amazing mental feat of spontaneous creation — and researchers are studying these artistically charged moments for important clues about creativity and learning .
For the March 2010 issue , Urbanite interviewed Charles Limb , an otolaryngologist at Johns Hopkins University with a research fellowship to study the brain through functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) technology .
Limb is also a saxophonist and has always wondered what takes place in the brain when a jazz musician improvises .
To find out , Limb had jazz musicians play memorized music while being monitored by an fMRI machine .
He then asked them to start improvising and noticed a shift in neurological activity .
Their scans showed less activity in the areas that represent self - censoring and inhibition and more in the area that indicates self - expression .
Limb interpreted this shift as a possible sign of “ spontaneous creativity . ”
He plans to do another variation of the study in which two jazz musicians play back and forth , and he ’s devising an experiment in which hip - hop rappers recite set verses and rap freestyle .
The experiment could also be applied to visual artists by having them copy a painting with different limitations .
- Advertisement -
Studying the brain ’s activity during creative endeavors could help researchers better understand learning and revolutionize teaching methods .
Limb posits that neuroscientists and educators “ can pool our resources and our skills to ask :
How can we understand how the brain learns best and revise our methods of education so that they are more effective ?
Maybe we can come up with a training paradigm that has the added insight of knowing how the brain is responding to it . ”
Image by neurollero , licensed under Creative Commons .
Habitantes opositores al proyecto forman barricadas en calles de la colonia Malinche
Al lugar acudió personal del gobierno capitalino para negociar con los vecinos opositores Fernando Ramírez / EL UNIVERSAL
También pidieron a las autoridades capitalinas que esclarezcan si los inmuebles están en posesión del GDF o de la empresa Controladora Vial Rápida Poetas Fernando Ramírez / EL UNIVERSAL
Los opositores afirman que no existe permiso para concretar las demoliciones Fernando Ramírez / EL UNIVERSAL
Cristina Barros , integrante del Frente Amplio contra la Supervía , comentó que pidieron la intervención de la CDHDF Fernando Ramírez / EL UNIVERSAL
De acuerdo con testimonios , vecinos formaron barricadas en las calles de Rosa Norte y Andador Duraznos para impedir el ingreso de las retroexcavadoras a los inmuebles expropiados Fernando Ramírez / EL UNIVERSAL
La entrada de maquinaria a la colonia Malinche provocó la movilización de los habitantes opositores al proyecto de la Supervía Fernando Ramírez / EL UNIVERSAL
Ciudad de M�xico | Lunes 26 de julio de 2010
Johana Robles | El Universal
18:20
Titicut Follies Theatrical release poster Directed by Frederick Wiseman Produced by Frederick Wiseman Written by Frederick Wiseman Cinematography John Marshall Edited by Frederick Wiseman
Alyne Model Distributed by Zipporah Films , Inc. Release date October 3 , 1967 ( ) ( United States ) Running time 84 minutes Country United States Language English
Titicut Follies is a 1967 American Direct Cinema documentary film directed by Frederick Wiseman and filmed by John Marshall .
It deals with the patient - inmates of Bridgewater State Hospital for the criminally insane , a Massachusetts Correctional Institution in Bridgewater , Massachusetts .
In 1967 the film won awards in Germany and Italy .
Later on , Wiseman made a number of such films examining social institutions ( e.g. hospitals , police , schools , etc. ) in the United States .
The title of the film is taken from a talent show put on by the staff of the hospital , which was named after the Wampanoag name for the nearby Taunton River .
Synopsis [ edit ]
Titicut Follies portrays the occupants of Bridgewater State Hospital , who are holed up in empty cells and infrequently bathed .
It also depicts inmates / patients required to strip naked publicly , force feeding , and indifference and bullying by many of the hospital staff .
Production [ edit ]
Titicut Follies was the beginning of the documentary career of Fred Wiseman , a Boston - born lawyer turned filmmaker .
He originally took his law classes from Boston University to the institution for educational purposes and had “ wanted to do a film there . ”
He began calling the superintendent of the facility looking for permission to film a year prior to production .
Wiseman had previously produced The Cool World , a 1964 film based on Warren Miller ’s novel , an experience that informed his desire to direct .
He drafted a proposal that was verbally agreed to by the superintendent , which later came into question when the film began distribution .
Following that agreement filming began , with corrections staff following Wiseman at all times and determining on the spot whether the subjects filmed were mentally competent , adding further confusion to an already fraught process .
[ 1 ]
While on location Wiseman recorded the sound and directed the cameraman with his microphone or hand directions .
As his cameraman , he hired John Marshall , an established ethnographic filmmaker . [ 2 ]
Wiseman and Marshall spent 29 days documenting the conditions at Bridgewater and shot 80,000 feet of film .
Wiseman then spent approximately a year cutting the footage into the final 84 - minute narrative . [ 1 ]
Censorship [ edit ]
Just before the film was due to be shown at the 1967 New York Film Festival , the government of Massachusetts tried to get an injunction banning its release , [ 3 ] claiming the film violated the patients ' privacy and dignity . [ 4 ]
Although Wiseman had received permission from all the people portrayed or the hospital superintendent ( their legal guardian ) , Massachusetts claimed that this permission could not take the place of release forms from the inmates .
[ 5 ]
It also claimed that Wiseman breached an " oral contract " giving the state government editorial control over the film . [ 3 ]
A New York state court allowed the film to be shown , [ 4 ] but in 1968 Massachusetts Superior Court judge Harry Kalus ordered the film to be recalled from distribution and all copies destroyed , citing the state 's concerns about violations of the patients ' privacy and dignity . [ 6 ]
Wiseman appealed to the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court , which in 1969 allowed it to be shown only to doctors , lawyers , judges , health - care professionals , social workers , and students in these and related fields .
[ 3 ]
Wiseman appealed to the United States Supreme Court , which refused to hear the case . [ 5 ]
Wiseman believes that the government of Massachusetts , concerned that the film portrayed a state institution in a bad light , intervened to protect its reputation .
The state intervened after a social worker in Minnesota wrote to Massachusetts Governor John Volpe expressing shock at a scene involving a naked man being taunted by a guard . [ 3 ]
The dispute was the first known instance in American history of a film being banned from general distribution for reasons other than obscenity , immorality or national security .
[ 7 ]
It was also the first time that Massachusetts recognized a right to privacy at the state level . [ 6 ]
Wiseman has said , “ The obvious point that I was making was that the restriction of the court was a greater infringement of civil liberties than the film was an infringement on the liberties of the inmates . ” [ 6 ]
Little changed until 1987 , when the families of seven inmates who died at the hospital sued the hospital and state .
Steven Schwartz represented one of the inmates .
Schwartz 's client was " restrained for 2 ½ months and given six psychiatric drugs at vastly unsafe levels — choked to death because he could not swallow his food . " [ 8 ]
Schwartz has said , " There is a direct connection between the decision not to show that film publicly and my client dying 20 years later , and a whole host of other people dying in between " [ 8 ] and that " in the years since Mr. Wiseman made ' Titicut Follies ' , most of the nation 's big mental institutions have been closed or cut back by court orders . " [ 9 ]
In addition , " the film may have also influenced the closing of the institution featured in the film " . [ 10 ]
In 1991 , Superior Court Judge Andrew Meyer allowed the film to be released to the general public , saying that as time had passed , privacy concerns had become less important than First Amendment concerns .
He also said that many of the former patients had died , so there was little risk of a violation of their dignity . [ 4 ]
The state Supreme Court ordered that " A brief explanation shall be included in the film that changes and improvements have taken place at Massachusetts Correctional Institution Bridgewater since 1966 . " [ 11 ]
The film was shown on PBS on September 4 , 1992 , its first and only US television airing .
Before the film a narrative warning and an introduction by Charlie Rose were played .
At the end the message stating improvements had been made was shown .
The film is now legally available through the distributor , Zipporah Films , Inc. , for purchase or rental on DVD and for educational and individual license .
Zipporah Films released the DVD to the home market in December 2007 .
Awards [ edit ]
Mannheim - Heidelberg International Filmfestival : Mannheim Film Ducat , Frederick Wiseman ; 1967 .
Festival Dei Popoli : Best Film Dealing with the Human Condition ; Florence , Italy ; 1967 .
See also [ edit ]
List of American films of 1967
Cocksucker Blues , Rolling Stones tour documentary largely unseen due to legal restrictions on exhibition related to privacy issues .
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
The United States Congress passed tough new sanctions against Iran by an overwhelming majority on Thursday , sending a message to the Tehran government that notions of becoming a nuclear power could be accompanied by a steep economic price .
The Senate and House in quick succession approved the penalties that focus on Iran 's powerful Revolutionary Guard and the country 's imports of gas and other refined energy products .
The measure now goes to the White House for President Barack Obama 's signature .
Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , said the legislation , coming after a year in which the Obama administration 's direct diplomacy efforts were largely rebuffed by Iran , represented " the most powerful sanctions ever imposed by the Congress on the government of Iran . "
Open gallery view Members of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Credit : AP
Foreign companies will be given a choice , McCain said .
" Do you want to do business with Iran , or do you want to do business with the United States ? "
One provision added in final House - Senate negotiations specifies that foreign banks interacting with the Revolutionary Guard or certain Iranian banks will be shut out of the U.S. financial system .
That measure alone has " the potential to be a game changer " in Iran 's defiance of international criticism of its nuclear program , said House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman Howard Berman , D - Calif .
The Senate vote was 99- 0 .
The House vote was 408-8 .
The House passed its original version last December , and the Senate in March .
But at the urging of the White House , Democratic leaders put off a final vote as they waited for diplomatic talks to play out .
Those talks culminated two weeks ago with the U.N. Security Council approving a fourth round of sanctions against Iran .
The European Union is considering its own package of penalties and last week the Treasury Department added three dozen more companies and individuals to those blacklisted because they contribute to Iran 's nuclear program or help Iran evade existing sanctions .
The Tehran government has shrugged off the latest U.N. penalties and says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes .
The congressional legislation would :
_ Expand the scope of the 1996 Iran Sanctions
Act by penalizing foreign companies that assist Iran 's energy sector .
While Iran is a major exporter of oil , it relies heavily on imports for its refined products such as gasoline .
_ Ban U.S. banks from dealing with foreign banks doing business with the Revolutionary Guard or aiding Iran 's nuclear program .
_ Ban foreign companies from U.S. government procurement contracts if they provide Iran with technology used to restrict the free flow of information .
Iranians involved in human rights abuses would be barred from obtaining visas and be subject to having their assets in the United States seized .
_ Provide a legal framework for U.S. states , local governments and other investors to divest their portfolios of foreign companies involved in Iran 's energy sector .
Lawmakers from both parties stressed that the bill will be ineffective if the Obama administration , like past administrations , chooses not to punish violators in order to avoid confrontations with other countries .
" We have been profoundly unhappy over the years that successive administrations failed to implement the 1996 Iran Sanctions Act , " Berman said .
The legislation represents " one of our last best hopes to force Iran to end its nuclear weapons program , " said Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida , top Republican on the Foreign Affairs Committee .
If it is ignored as in the past , she said , " then we will have failed the American people . "
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , the top Senate negotiator on the bill , acknowledged the weak response of past presidents , but he said the new bill , while still containing waiver provisions , states " in no uncertain terms " that the president must investigate if there is credible evidence of a violation and ultimately impose sanctions .
There were other misgivings .
Rep. Earl Blumenauer , D - Ore. , who voted against it , said sanctions do n't always have the desired effect .
" Not one member of the Iranian elite will lack for gasoline while ordinary Iranians will go without , " he said .
Fariborz Ghadar , a scholar and Iran expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said he did n't think the new penalties would have a substantial economic impact .
He said Iran 's oil industry has already been hit by restrictions on direct investment and that Iran , in anticipation of sanctions on gas sales , has taken steps to reduce domestic consumption and cut dependence on gas imports from 40 percent of total use to less than 30 percent .
The congressional action was praised by the Jewish Council for Public Affairs ( JCPA ) .
The United States and its allies are at a critical juncture in our efforts to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons capability , and these sanctions will place pressure on the Iranian regime , in a peaceful way , to work with the international community to resolve the current disputes , " JCPA said in a statement .
" Todays bipartisan vote demonstrates the continued U.S. commitment to preventing a nuclear armed Iran .
The left - leaning pro-Israel lobby J Street also supported the bill .
" Passage of this bill , in addition to the United Nations Security Council 's passage of enhanced multilateral sanctions , highlights the choice the Iranian Government must make between a path that leads to further international isolation and another that leads to reintegration into the international community , " the J Street statement read .
We may have been overestimating the proton for the last 60 years , if a new experiment has anything to say about it .
A group of researchers have tried a new method of measuring the proton 's radius that involved getting a muon to orbit it instead of an electron .
The new approach is ten times more accurate than the way it has been done since the invention of quantum mechanics , and it has produced a value for the proton 's radius that is four percent smaller than the currently accepted one .
If the new measurement is incorrect and the proton is not actually smaller , the theory of quantum electrodynamics itself may need an adjustment .
The currently accepted value of the proton 's radius is .876 femtometers .
This value is n't consistently measured by any one experiment , but is instead a " world average " of all the attempted measurements done by spectroscopy on a hydrogen atom , and the errors were large enough to provide room for a new , more exact measurement .
Unfortunately , the new measurement provides a value that 's completely outside these error bars .
The easiest way of studying protons is to use hydrogen , which is nothing more than a simple interaction between an electron and a proton .
By watching what energy the electron needs to transition between the orbitals surrounding the proton , researchers can get an idea of how big the proton is .
To get a better measurement , the team of researchers wanted to " work in a system which is very sensitive to the proton radius , " said Aldo Antognini , one of the co-authors of the paper .
What they needed was a very small energy transition to observe , and a large platform in which to observe it .
For the transition , they needed look no further than a Lamb shift .
A Lamb shift occurs when an electron moves between the 2s and 2 p energy levels in an atom .
The difference in binding energy between the two is very small , and leaves little room for external effects to muck up the measurements .
To get a highly accurate picture of the Lamb shift , the scientists generated protons orbited by muons , also known as muonic hydrogen .
Muons are unstable elementary particles , with the same charge and spin as an electron — but they 're 200 times heavier .
Its size would allow the researchers to make more precise binding energy measurements .
Muonic hydrogen is not easy to make ; in fact , the researchers were using the only laboratory in the world that can produce muons en masse .
On top of that , only one percent of the muons generated stayed in their 2s excited state long enough to be experimented with — the rest immediately decayed .
In all , Dr. Antognini noted that the experiment took more than eight years to complete .
The researchers found that the muonic hydrogen needed to be shot with a laser with a frequency of 50 terahertz in order to transition up to the 2 p state .
When they plugged this measurement into a quantum electrodynamics equation that relates proton radius to binding energies , they found the needed energy indicated a proton radius of 0.841 femtometers — four percent smaller and five standard deviations off the currently accepted radius of 0.876 femtometers .
The scientists are not yet sure whether their findings will upset the theory of quantum electrodynamics , or our understanding of the proton itself .
" You can assume the theory is correct , or you can assume the radius is correct and the theory is wrong , " Dr. Antognini told Ars .
If it 's the theory and predictions that are off , this does n't spell the end of quantum electrodynamics .
More likely , the related equations need adjusting , not unlike how the calculation of Lamb shifts provided an adjustment for the energy theories Dirac first laid down .
On the other hand , if the theory holds and we 've actually been overestimating the proton , there will be a sizable shakeup in the fundamentals of particle physics .
The authors of the paper hope to continue probing the proton with similar tests on muonic helium atoms , as well as analyzing extra data they 've collected on muonic hydrogen and deuterium .
Nature , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature09250 ( About DOIs ) .
PORTLAND , Ore. --
The Portland Trail Blazers fired general manager Kevin Pritchard after six seasons with the team , ending months of speculation that he had fallen out of favor with billionaire owner Paul Allen .
The Oregonian newspaper reported about an hour before the Thursday 's NBA draft started that Pritchard had been dismissed .
The team confirmed the firing at the conclusion of the night .
" This process was more public and took longer than any of us would have liked , but that was indicative of how critical a decision this was for the franchise , " Allen said in a statement .
" We want to thank and acknowledge Kevin for his solid work in getting us to where we are today .
Parting ways with a popular general manager is not something we take lightly .
In the end , we decided to make a change . "
Pritchard ducked out of the Blazers ' practice facility before the conclusion of the draft .
He did not return phone messages .
Blazers president Larry Miller said Pritchard met with Allen , the co-founder of Microsoft and owner of the NFL's Seattle Seahawks , earlier in the day .
He would not specify why Pritchard was let go .
" I 'm not going to get into any details as to what transpired or why , " Miller said .
Microsoft is so committed to the cloud that it 's throwing everything at rivals like Google to crack open the door on sales and gain momentum online .
Chief operating officer Kevin Turner painted a rosy future for Microsoft in the cloud for Wall Street this week , but at the same time , Microsoft has been getting dirty .
The Reg has learned that Microsoft is paying partners ' sales people a bonus for converting customers from Gmail to Exchange .
Sales people at partners who provide hosted versions of Exchange Server receive between $ 5 and $ 7 for every Gmail inbox they convert .
The bonus is a form of payment known as a Sales Promotion Inventive Fund ( SPIF ) , something that Microsoft does not typically offer to partner sales people .
Given the kinds of accounts Microsoft is winning on BPOS , that means Microsoft is taking a decent hit on every large Gmail account it converts .
A source we spoke to in the hosting space said on agreement of anonymity : " My account manager is calling up to say : ' What can you do for me against Gmail ? ' "
" Microsoft is as anxious and aggressive as they can be to do what ever it takes to win against Gmail , " he said .
Microsoft refused to comment on specific cases , but said simply it does offer “ competitive pricing ” .
Hosted Exchange has been available as a service from partners for years .
This is where somebody else runs the server for you offsite or on your premises .
Recently , Microsoft has begun pushing the Business Productivity Online Suite ( BPOS ) that includes Exchange Online hosted in a datacenter and that comes with SharePoint Online , Office Live Meeting , and Office Communications Online from Microsoft .
Microsoft offers BPOS through partners and starts at $ 5 per month for organizations with a minimum of five seats .
BPOS is being aimed at the full spectrum of organizations , from small businesses to major enterprises .
But it 's the latter with tens of thousands of seats that are the more desirable , PR friendly , flagship accounts that can help prove your strategy is working .
Microsoft will be losing a decent chunk of cash simply in the name of market share and pride if it 's paying partners up to $ 7 for each Gmail inbox scalp as an incentive to sell Exchange Online .
Turner this week named one such flagship BPOS win , Hyatt Hotels and Resorts with 67,000 users that Microsoft landed against Google and IBM .
Hyatt was on Lotus Notes not Gmail , but if it had been a Gmail shop , Hyatt could have cost Turner 's organization up to $ 469,000 - close to half a million dollars - under the SPIF program .
Microsoft has been known to grease the retail channel in the past when establishing and selling Windows and applications like Office .
And this time , it 's not just throwing cash into the heavens hoping some rains down as customers and revenue - it 's been programming an army , too .
Since January , Microsoft has trained 10,000 out of 13,000 people to sell cloud services , according to chief financial officer Peter Klein at Microsoft 's annual Financial Analyst Meeting ( FAM ) Thursday .
New partners also are being sought by Microsoft to sell cloud .
When he was n't apologizing to Wall Street for messing up on the iPad , chief executive Steve Ballmer said Microsoft will have to create new partner types and bring new partners into Microsoft 's network of 64,000 partners .
Like the iPad , Ballmer did n't provide specifics , just a solid promise Microsoft 's committed .
If it 's not job - one , it 's certainly up there .
" It is something we are working through , [ a ] big unit of work , " Ballmer said .
And existing partners are being cajoled into learning new tricks .
" They are hanging on in some cases for dear life for that business model of yesterday , " Ballmer said sweetly of current partners apparently fat and happy on 35 years of selling Windows licenses and services .
" One of the big call to actions that we had had at our partner conference was , okay , look , this in the cloud opportunity you will actually sell more on premise software because people are right now holding up purchasing decisions because they are n't sure .
You will have to help us embrace the model . "
And we thought it was just the practicalities of restricted IT budget born of an uncertain economy preventing companies renewing their IT spend .
Apparently , it 's a spiritual uncertainty over computing paradigms holding things up .
Partners who do " help " Microsoft are taking an awfully big business bet , because Microsoft cannot itself say when it will make any actual money on cloud services .
Probed by ISI Group analyst Heather Bellini at FAM using the characteristically padded words of the Wall Street interrogator over what time period it will take for Microsoft to build revenue " to scale " from cloud services , Klein cooed evasively Microsoft expects a " pretty smooth " transition moving customers on to cloud services .
But what about the money ?
" It will depend how fast the adoption is , " Klein said .
How long is a ball of string , exactly ?
To be clear – and clarity is vital when talking about the cloud – Microsoft defines its particular cloud - based services business as BPOS , Office Web apps , Dynamics Online and Windows Azure services according to the company 's latest 10 K filing .
And , here 's where obfuscation creeps in , because Microsoft 's cloud business right now is primarily a re-play of Microsoft 's earlier battles over email and collaboration against IBM .
Turner boasted this week that 70 per cent of Microsoft 's cloud strategy wins in the fourth quarter were new customers .
Unfortunately for Microsoft's PR machine he continued these were Lotus Notes and Novell email converts - not converts to what Microsoft would really like to sell - Windows Azure - against cloud rivals such as Amazon and Google with App Engine .
Before cloud , Turner was leading a total war to eliminate Notes from entire regions and replace it with Exchange .
Before Turner , Microsoft and IBM boasted about millions of email and collaboration seats against the other .
For now , Microsoft 's cloud fight is on email and collaboration , and thanks to BPOS , Exchange is again in the front line .
And the battle is far from being " pretty smooth " .
It 's a cash fight to the death . ®
We hear a great deal about the lives of the rich , much of it sympathetic and often fawning .
Even Conrad Black , despite his history of anti-Canadian outbursts , is treated almost fondly by commentators who generally have a hard - hearted , tough - on - crime attitude toward less well - heeled felons .
The poor rarely get such sympathetic attention ; indeed they rarely get much attention at all .
And they ’re soon to get even less .
That is the real reason for the Harper government ’s decision to scrap the long - form census matters , and why the debate over it is more than a bizarre obsession with statistics in this overheated summer .
As a number of experts have noted , the decision to replace the mandatory long - form census with a voluntary abbreviated survey will result in less reliable data collection , particularly from the poor and marginalized .
So , as income becomes ever more concentrated at the top , as it has in recent years , we ’ll know less and less about those at the bottom , making them easier to ignore .
Sam Boshra , a former analyst for Statistics Canada , puts it this way : “ If this results in the poor and unemployed being undercounted , the government could justify reallocating resources away from programs targeting these disadvantaged groups . ”
Boshra notes that the long - form data is the basis for just about all of Statistics Canada ’s important social measurements .
The unemployment rate , for instance , is compiled from the monthly Labour Force Survey , but the sample used in that survey is based on the census data .
Once the census data becomes voluntary , the unemployment rate will be considered less reliable , taking the heat off governments in times of rising unemployment .
All this could enable the Harper government to put in place neo-conservative policies without suffering a backlash from Canadians .
Neo -conservative economic policies — notably , tax cuts for the rich , austerity for the rest — are intuitively unappealing to most Canadians , who tend to believe in fairness , social inclusion and equal opportunity .
But if Canadians are unaware of the extent of poverty , they wo n’t be concerned about policies that fail to address the problem .
Indeed , they ’ll be under the impression the problem is being addressed .
This would n’t be the first time the right has attempted to make the poor invisible .
Since the 1990s , the ultra - right Fraser Institute has tried to discredit the way Statistics Canada calculates poverty , based on a measure relative to the rest of the population .
The Fraser Institute favours a measure based on minimal subsistence .
Under this approach , children are considered not to live in poverty as long as they have food and shelter , even if they lack things most Canadians consider basic — like books , toys , school supplies .
Using the Fraser poverty calculation , vast swaths of Canada ’s poor simply disappear , reclassified as middle class — even as children fall behind at school because their parents can’t pay for field trips or calculators .
Of course , the Harper government insists it ’s simply responding to public complaints that the census violates privacy .
In fact , there have been lots of complaints about the census — but they ’re mostly related to the 2003 decision to contract out census collection to Lockheed Martin .
That provoked widespread concerns that the U.S. military contractor might pass data on Canadians to U.S. government agencies .
In debates over public policy , the rich tend to dominate , while the poor are barely heard .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The long - form census is one of the few lifelines the poor have to let us know they ’re out there .
Removing it will make it all the easier for Harper to ignore the muffled cries of those who ca n’t even buy their kids toys or school supplies .
Linda McQuaig ’s column appears every other week .
lmcquaig@sympatico.ca
Movie Review Cats & Dogs : The Revenge Of Kitty Galore 3D / Cats & Dogs : The Revenge Of Kitty Galore Title Cats & Dogs : The Revenge Of Kitty Galore 3D Score F Director Brad Peyton Runtime 82 minutes Rating PG Cast James Marsden , Nick Nolte , Christina Applegate Title Cats & Dogs : The Revenge Of Kitty Galore Score F Director Brad Peyton Runtime 82 minutes Rating PG Cast James Marsden , Nick Nolte , Christina Applegate
Advertisement
Among other offenses , the 2001 talking - animal comedy Cats & Dogs was a pernicious piece of anti-cat propaganda , firmly siding with the canines in the eternal struggle between household pets .
Never mind that cats more or less take care of themselves , and spend most of the time curling up in the warmest , comfiest places they can find — they ’re prissy and diabolical and must be stopped .
The sequel , Cats & Dogs : The Revenge Of Kitty Galore , eases off on the hatefulness by providing a token nice kitty , but even she ’s subjected to waterboarding before she can be trusted .
( Yes , a waterboarding joke .
Because cats and dogs are just like people !
Soooo cute ! )
But it ’s still about a feline plot for world domination , and the slobbering secret agents who stand in the way .
And it ’s still , in the spirit of the original film , an unbelievable piece of shit .
Most of the problems are fundamental to the series :
Having real animals speak through the hideous magic of CGI is inherently creepy , and it ’s depressing to hear kitty and doggy thoughts come out so banal and jokey .
There ’s also the weird premise of household pets being rogue , tech - heavy super - spies :
Whose fantasy is that ?
As the subtitle suggests , The Revenge Of Kitty Galore expands on the James Bond theme , including a voice cameo from everybody ’s fourth or fifth - favorite Bond , Roger Moore .
This time around , members of a canine spy network recruit a disgraced police dog ( James Marsden ) to stop Kitty Galore ( Bette Midler ) , a “ radical felinist ” who plans to unleash a sound that will cause dogs to turn on their human owners .
The action plays out much like an all - human third - rate Bond thriller would , only with groan - inducing puns , dogs in sunglasses ( cue “ Bad To The Bone ” ) , and a visual aesthetic that could only be described as “ Hang In There ” - poster - esque .
The world waited nine years for Cats & Dogs to expand its mythology ; let ’s hold out longer next time .
christmas ... is christ .... coming to the earth ... born to dwell among us .... born to die .... so we can live .... He paid the sacrificial price for our sins ...... overshadow this entire message board ... more revelation knowledge ... baptize them in your Holy spirit ..... eotrntn tiepwn fieirtnnnm .
wotjr vnnrooo TRUTH REIGNS gmroortm tioropwnf v ireghm tieripwnn REVELATION KNOWLEDGE OF YOU LORD mmkfpb kkfphg Peace to the ones undercover wearing the mask .......
[ When the fundie is asked by her fellow fundies what the gibberish was all about she replied ]
it 's called tongues and that also is revelation knowledge ... it happened with good ole peter on the day of pentecost and it was revelation knowledge that appeared in the american church back in the 1900's ..... upon this rock ...... Peter ... i will build my church ... as the church goes deeper in the spirit we are more powerful against the devil and the darkness ..... so yes .. I pray in the spirit a LOT ......
[ And a few posts later ]
jdfkieo nfeooe right now I am speaking it at the screen jyorpng tirengvnrn tiienfnne sitnnrl gnbnorp do-w vmmvpw ] fmmoerpp gjjgoo even satan has no acess to these prayers because they are not prayed out oy my mind .... but spirit .. bnnbort0e gmnrope vmfe - bnnro
vmbmote - nbotrn bmtppn wopq [ fn to JESUS IS LORD bngn ngmkrpgndnaspgfprpp satan is a liar b, kg , kflotpjgnb fkeootrpw[nvnnbfoepgjmgmrmemkpp
Alexander Frolov scored his first NHL goal at Madison Square Garden and ranked MSG as his favorite NHL arena in last year 's Kings media guide .
• MORE PHOTOS
RANGERS ON DEMAND
Frolov Highlight Reel , produced by the Kings Watch Frolov 's Goals from 2009 - 10 Season Watch Kings ' In - Arena Spotlight on Frolov Watch
Alexander Frolov won a silver medal with Russia at the 2010 World Championships in Germany , where Rangers center Artem Anisimov was his teammate .
New York Rangers President and General Manager Glen Sather announced today that the club has agreed to terms with unrestricted free agent forward Alexander Frolov .
Frolov has surpassed the 20 - goal plateau in five of his seven NHL campaigns , including two 30 - goal seasons in 2006 - 07 and 2008 - 09 .
Frolov , 28 , has skated in 536 career regular season contests with the Los Angeles Kings , registering 168 goals and 213 assists for 381 points , along with 210 penalty minutes .
He has recorded 24 multi - goal games in his career , including three career hat - tricks .
“ Alex is a highly skilled player who we feel will play a key role in improving our offense and play in all situations , ” stated Sather .
“ He is strong competitor and has the ability to play either wing position .
” In 2006 - 07 , Frolov established career - highs in games played ( 82 ) , goals ( 35 ) , assists ( 36 ) and points ( 71 ) .
He led the Kings in goals and game - winning goals ( six ) that season , and finished second on the team in points .
He was one of only two players on the roster that appeared in all 82 games , and tied for third on the team in shots on goal ( 195 ) .
In 2008 - 09 , Frolov led the team in goals ( 32 ) and power play goals ( 12 ) while finishing second on the team in points ( 59 ) and power play points ( 25 ) .
It marked the third time in his career that he led the Kings in goals , having previously led his team in goals in 2003 - 04 and 2006 - 07 .
Frolov also led the Kings and ranked sixth in the NHL with an 18.2 shooting percentage .
He registered 14 multi-point efforts , leading Los Angeles to an 11 - 1 - 2 record in those contests .
On January 21 , 2009 , Frolov tallied two goals at Colorado , including his 20th of the season to become the first Kings player to record at least 20 goals in five straight seasons since Luc Robitaille registered eight consecutive 20 - goal seasons from 1986 - 87 to 1993 - 94 .
Frolov finished the season strong , tallying 30 points ( 14 goals and 16 assists ) in his final 32 games .
As a rookie in 2002 - 03 , Frolov tied for third in the league among first - year players in plus - minus rating ( plus - 12 ) and ranked fourth in shots on goal ( 141 ) .
He made his NHL debut on October 9 , 2002 vs. Phoenix , and tallied his first career point with an assist on October 19 , 2002 vs. Vancouver .
He notched his first career goal at MSG on October 25 , 2002 vs. the Rangers .
The 6 - 2 , 210 - pounder appeared in 81 games with Los Angeles last season , registering 19 goals and 32 assists for 51 points , along with 26 penalty minutes .
Frolov registered two , four - game point streaks during the month of October – from October 3 vs. Phoenix to October 10 at St. Louis ( one goal and three assists ) , and October 22 vs. Dallas to October 28 at San Jose ( three goals and four assists ) -– and finished the season ’s opening month with 12 points ( four goals and eight assists ) in 13 games .
He registered 10 multi-point performances , including a season - high , four - point effort on March 8 vs. Columbus ( one goal and three assists ) .
The seven - year veteran appeared in his 500th career NHL game vs. St. Louis on January 9 .
Internationally , Frolov has represented Russia in several major tournaments .
Most recently , he captured the Silver Medal with his native country at the 2010 World Championships .
In 2006 , he made his Olympic debut for Russia at the Winter Olympics in Torino , Italy .
Frolov also won a Gold Medal with Russia at the 2002 World Junior Championships in the Czech Republic .
He led the team and ranked second among all tournament skaters with six goals , and tied for the team lead and third overall with eight points .
The Moscow , Russia native was originally Los Angeles ’ first round choice , 20th overall , in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft .
Christina Hendricks reduces ANOTHER presenter to a gibbering wreck with bath story
As sexy secretary Joan Holloway on Mad Men , Christina Hendricks ' curvy figure has driven many men to distraction .
But it appears even when the actress is covered up , she is still able to reduce men to a quivering wreck .
Los Angeles news anchor Brian McFayden found himself lost for words when the redhead made a throwaway comment about the bath .
Scroll down for video
Flustered : Brian McFayden tries to get his words out as he interviews Christina Hendricks on Los Angeles breakfast show KTLA News
The Tennessee - born beauty , 35 , was appearing on breakfast show KTLA to promote the new season of Mad Men , which started in the U.S. last weekend .
Starting the interview , McFayden brought up Hendricks ' recent Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series .
As the nomination is her first ever Emmy nod , McFayden asked her to relive the moment she learned she was up for an award at the September ceremony .
She said : ' I had to be at work really , really early that morning and I was running my bath .
I had everything timed out to get every last minute of sleep because it was 5.30 in the morning .'
Awkward : Hendricks laughs politely when McFayden struggles to speak to her
Alluring : Despite covering up her curves in a black blazer , Hendricks still reduces McFayden to a bumbling man
Curvy : Hendricks as Joan Holloway in Mad Men
She went on to explain how her publicist phoned her to inform her she had received a nomination and how ' pleasantly surprised ' she was .
As McFayden 's female co-anchors took over the interview , the 33 - year - old remained suspiciously quiet and when it finally came for him to speak , he found himself struggling to get the words out .
After one of his co-hosts mentioned the male and female response to Hendricks ' famous curves , MacFayden said : ' I was just gonna say that ...
I was n't gonna be like , " Oh , I 'm hitting on you , " but you 've got an amazing body . '
After she accused him of flirting with the previous guest , he continued : ' I 'm saying you 're a beautiful woman and I would like ... the bath ... the way you made ...
I mean , I 'm stumbling on my words ... what I 'm trying to say , is you were drawing a bath , you 're making a bath for yourself and I was just thinking ... wow , that 's just awesome . '
Hendricks left him further embarrassed when she said : ' That was two conversations ago , but thank you for remembering . '
When one of his female co-hosts jumped in and asked her if she felt a lot of pressure being a sex symbol , he interjected : ' That was what I was trying to say . '
Last week , Hendricks 's presence on another TV show got a female presenter all flustered .
Alexandra Wentworth , who was a guest host on The View ( the U.S. version of Loose Women ) , sidled up next to married Hendricks and told her she was her ' girl crush ' .
Entertaining : Hendricks starts laughing as McFayden attempts to form a sentence
With those pesky laws limiting the places you can text ( who needs to watch the road , anyway ? ) the Samsung App store has capitalized on the one activity still unregulated for texting multi-taskers : walking .
‘ Road SMS ’ for the Android is a clever way for Samsung to keep your phone permanently glued to your hand by acting as your eyes .
It uses the phone ’s camera to provide video in the backdrop of your message so you do n’t do something really embarrassing , like walk into a pole or ( worse yet ) some other person .
Unfortunately , the app does n’t have provide a 360 degree view , and so you ’ll probably never see that sneaky driver using ‘ Road SMS ’ to text behind the wheel .
At least until he ’s already run you over .
( via Android Community )
Managing your medical billing in the current healthcare context can be very challenging .
This is where medical billing outsourcing becomes a viable option .
With the pressures to reduce costs , improve care , and prepare for changes brought about by new federal healthcare legislation , you need to pay even more attention to your bottom line .
Outsourcing medical billing tasks to Outsource Strategies International ( OSI ) can maximize your reimbursement and give you more time to focus on other important matters .
Our goal is to work as an extension of your company and provide accurate HIPAA - compliant medical billing and coding .
We provide timely and reliable billing solutions to minimize your workload and maximize revenue .
End -to - End Medical Billing Services
Our medical billing company has an experienced team of specialists to provide end - to - end medical billing services such as :
We can help you save up to 30 - 40 % or more of your costs .
Our Medical Billing Outsourcing Service Covers Most Medical Specialties
Being one of the top medical billing outsourcing companies committed to client satisfaction , we serve all major specialties including :
Anesthesiology
Behavioral Medicine
Cardiology
Chiropractic
Critical Care
Dental
Dermatology
Emergency Room
Endocrinology
Family Practice
Gastroenterology
General Surgery
Geriatrics Internal Medicine
Medical Review
Microbiology
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
Nuclear Medicine
Obstetrics and Gynecology
Obstetrics
Occupational Therapy
Ophthalmology
Orthopedics
Otolaryngology Pain Management
Pathology
Pediatrics
Physical Medicine and Rehab
Physical Therapy
Podiatry
Psychiatry
Pulmonary
Radiology
Rheumatology
Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery
Urology
Vascular , and more
Why Choose OSI ?
We have committed managers with years of experience in US running the project with offshore or outsourced team
We have been in business for over 15 years
Certified specialists , coders , and AR collectors having more than 3 to 5 years of experience
We can ensure meticulous management of all accounts receivable with increased AR collectors in our outsourced team
Our team will follow up with patients on payments
Our AR follow - up protocol is set for the first follow - up on the 30th day
We can keep your practice ahead of your schedule
We will work on your software as an extension to your practice
We can handle small and large practices
30 - day agreements
No start - up fees
No long - term yearly contracts
Use of Advanced Software
Advanced software is used to manage the process in every aspect .
Our specialists can work using your software and log in via VPN , or use our own web - based software .
Our staff is trained to use the most advanced technologies and software , such as
Medisoft
Practice Admin
AdvantX eClinicalWorks
Advanced MD
NextGen IDX
Lytec
Eclipse
Learn more about our web - based software features .
Free scheduling software for your practice with our service .
Reports can be customized and provided as per your requirements .
Read our Case Studies
We provide full support from our US and offshore offices .
Being fully HIPAA - compliant , we follow all standards and requirements in electronic transmission and storage of health information .
Contact us today to find out how our medical billing services can improve your bottom line .
To request information regarding our medical billing outsourcing services , call : 1-800-670-2809 .
Ed. Note :
We encourage readers to watch the video of the signing , including the moving introduction from Lisa Marie Iyotte .
[ [ nid:18961 ] ]
The President just signed the Tribal Law and Order Act -- an important step to help the Federal Government better address the unique public safety challenges that confront tribal communities .
According to a Department of Justice report , Native American women suffer from violent crime at a rate three and a half times greater than the national average .
Astoundingly , one in three Native American women will be raped in their lifetimes .
At the White House Tribal Nations Conference in November 2009 , President Obama stated that this shocking figure " is an assault on our national conscience that we can no longer ignore . "
Last week , Congress took another important step to improve the lives of Native American women by passing the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 .
The Act includes a strong emphasis on decreasing violence against women in Native communities , and is one of many steps this Administration strongly supports to address the challenges faced by Native women .
The stipulations in the Act that will benefit Native women reflect several Administration priorities .
The Act will strengthen tribal law enforcement and the ability to prosecute and fight crime more effectively .
The Indian Health Care Improvement
Act will require that a standardized set of practices be put in place for victims of sexual assault in health facilities .
Now , more women will get the care they need , both for healing and to aid in the prosecution of their perpetrators .
Victims of domestic violence and sexual assault will now more often encounter authorities who have been trained to handle such cases .
The Act expands training of tribal enforcement officers on the best ways to interview victims of domestic and sexual violence and the importance of collecting evidence to improve rates of conviction .
The Director of Indian Health Services will coordinate with the Department of Justice , Tribes , Tribal organizations and urban Indian organizations to develop standardized sexual assault policies and protocols .
Special Assistant US
Attorneys will be deputized under the Act to prosecute reservation crimes in Federal courts , and tribes will be given greater authority to hold perpetrators accountable .
These provisions help to increase communication between tribal law enforcement , Federal authorities and the court system .
As numbers of convictions grow , more women may be willing to report the abuses against them so that their abusers may be prosecuted .
However , the Act focuses not only on prosecution but also on prevention .
It reauthorizes and improves programs to prevent and treat alcohol and substance abuse , as well as programs that improve opportunities for at - risk Indian youth .
Getting men and boys involved in stopping the violence against women and girls is an important step to ending it everywhere , giving youth a chance to change their own futures .
This Act , combined with the great work that Attorney General Eric Holder and the Department of Justice are doing to combat violence in American Indian / Alaska Native communities , is an important step towards our Administration ’s priority of ending violence against women and girls , and making Native communities safer and more secure .
One in three is a statistic that is intolerable , and the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 will help to change that .
Lynn Rosenthal is the White House Advisor on Violence Against Women
A stripper walked into a police station and removed an electronic tagging device on his ankle as it interfered with his act , the High Court has heard .
Sascha Machala , 21 , from Willowbrook Gardens , Bangor , had been ordered to wear the tag as a condition of his release on bail on a burglary charge .
Lord Chief Justice Sir Declan Morgan agreed to grant bail but said he would not interfere with the tagging order .
However , he put back the start of a curfew from 9.30 pm to 11 pm .
' Something fluffy '
When told that the tag was interfering with Mr Machala 's act the lord chief justice said : " He could put something fluffy around it . "
Barrister Denis Boyd said : " I suppose he could incorporate it into his routine as a feature . "
The barrister said Mr Machala started a strip - o - gram business after seeing a " Go for It " advert on television .
His business required him to attend house parties and perform in pubs , Mr Boyd said .
" The business was in its infancy and he soon realised that he could not facilitate his business while wearing the tag as he relies on a certain quality of presentation . "
He said Mr Machala got so frustrated about the tag that he contacted those operating the tagging service and they advised him to see the police .
" It was then that he walked into the police station , took off the tag and was arrested , " said Mr Boyd .
Crown lawyer Barry Valentine said police were agreeable to Mr Machala being released again as long as he was prepared to abide by the bail conditions .
Home » Middle East , Suppression » Israel Taking Radical Steps To Reduce The Number Of Black Immigrants
Health officials in Israel are subjecting many female Ethiopian immigrants to a controversial long - term birth control drug in what Israeli women ’s groups allege is a racist policy to reduce the number of black babies .
The contraceptive , known as Depo Provera , which is given by injection every three months , is considered by many doctors as a birth control method of last resort because of problems treating its side effects .
However , according to a report published last week , use of the contraceptive by Israeli doctors has risen threefold over the past few years .
Figures show that 57 per cent of Depo Provera users in Israel are Ethiopian , even though the community accounts for less than two per cent of the total population .
About 90,000 Ethiopians have been brought to Israel under the Law of Return since the 1980s , but their Jewishness has subsequently been questioned by some rabbis and is doubted by many ordinary Israelis .
Ethiopians are reported to face widespread discrimination in jobs , housing and education and it recently emerged that their blood donations were routinely discarded .
“ This is about reducing the number of births in a community that is black and mostly poor , ” said Hedva Eyal , the author of the report by Woman to Woman , a feminist organisation based in Haifa , in northern Israel .
“ The unspoken policy is that only children who are white and Ashkenazi are wanted in Israel , ” she said , referring to the term for European Jews who founded Israel and continue to dominate its institutions .
Women ’s groups were alerted to the widespread use of Depo Provera in the Ethiopian community in 2008 when Rachel Mangoli , who runs a day care centre for 120 Ethiopian children in Bnei Braq , a suburb of Tel Aviv , observed that she had received only one new child in the previous three years .
“ I started to think about how strange the situation was after I had to send back donated baby clothes because there was no one in the community to give them to , ” she said .
She approached a local health clinic serving the 55 Ethiopian families in Bnei Braq and was told by the clinic manager that they had been instructed to administer Depo Provera injections to the women of child - bearing age , though he refused to say who had issued the order .
Ms Mangoli , who interviewed the women , said : “ They had not been told about alternative forms of contraception or about the side effects or given medical follow - ups . ”
The women complained of a wide range of side effects associated with the drug , including headaches , abdominal pain , fatigue , nausea , loss of libido and general burning sensations .
Depo Provera is also known to decrease bone density , especially among dark - skinned women , which can lead to osteoporosis in later life .
Doctors are concerned that it is difficult or impossible to help women who experience severe side effects because the drug is in their system for months after it is injected .
The contraceptive ’s reputation has also been tarnished by its association with South Africa , where the apartheid government had used it , often coercively , to limit the fertility of black women .
Traditionally , its main uses have been for women who are regarded as incapable of controlling their own reproduction or monitor other forms of birth control , and for women who suffer severe problems during menstruation .
Ms Eyal said she had been denied co-operation from government ministries , doctors and most of the health insurance companies while conducting her research .
Clalit , the largest health company , however , did provide figures showing that 57 per cent of its Depo Provera users were Ethiopian compared with a handful of women in other ethnic groups .
The health ministry was unavailable for comment .
When first questioned about Depo Provera in June 2008 , the health minister of the time , Yaacov Ben Yezri , said the high number of Ethiopians in Israel using the drug reflected a “ cultural preference ” for injections among Ethiopians .
In fact , according to figures of the World Health Organisation , three - quarters of women in Ethiopia using birth control take the oral pill .
“ The answers we received from officials demonstrated overt racism , ” Ms Eyal said .
“ They suggested that Ethiopian women should be treated not as individuals but as a collective group whose reproduction needs controlling . ”
When Woman to Woman conducted an experiment by sending five non-Ethiopian women to doctors to ask for Depo Provera , all were told that it was prescribed only in highly unusual cases .
Ms Mangoli said it was extremely difficult to get immigrant Ethiopian families to speak out because they were afraid that their Jewishness was under suspicion and that they might be deported if they caused trouble .
However , women interviewed anonymously for the report stated that officials at absorption centres in Ethiopia advised them to take Depo Provera because there would be no funds to support their children if they got pregnant in Israel .
This policy appears to conflict with the stated goals of the country ’s Demography Council , a group of experts charged with devising ways to persuade Jewish women to have more babies .
The council was established in response to what is widely seen in Israel as a “ demographic war ” with Palestinians , or the need to maintain a Jewish majority in the region despite high Palestinian birth rates .
In a speech marking the council ’s reconvening in 2002 , the then social welfare minister , Shlomo Benizri , referred to “ the beauty of the Jewish family that is blessed with many children ” .
Yali Hashash , a researcher at Haifa University , said attempts to restrict Ethiopian women ’s fertility echoed practices used against Jewish women who immigrated to Israel from such Arab countries as Iraq , Yemen and Morocco in the state ’s early years , in the 1950s and 1960s .
Many , she said , had been encouraged to fit IUDs when the device was still experimental because Israel ’s leading gynecologists regarded Arab Jews as “ primitive ” and incapable of acting “ responsibly ” .
Allegations of official racism towards Ethiopians gained prominence in 2006 when it was admitted that for many years all their blood donations had been discarded for fear that they might be contaminated with diseases .
There have also been regular reports of Ethiopian children being denied places in schools or being forced to attend separate classes .
In November a survey of employers in the main professions showed that 53 per cent preferred not to hire an Ethiopian .
Ruth Sinai , an Israeli social affairs reporter for Haaretz newspaper , wrote recently that the discrimination faced by the country ’s 120,000 Ethiopians reflected in particular “ doubts on the part of the country ’s religious establishment about their Jewishness ” .
Source
Please wait ...
RELATED ARTICLES
Did you like this information ?
Then please consider making a donation or subscribing to our Newsletter .
Android smartphone users can now place calls to their Android smartphone user contacts around the world absolutely free thanks to an updated app from Rebtel .
Based in Sweden , Rebtel - - which claims to be the world 's largest independent mobile VoIP provider -- may not be familiar to many users , but this app may change that .
When you think of VoIP service on smartphones names like Skype , Google Voice , or even Vonage pop to mind .
All three offer clients for smartphones -- including Android smartphones , but Rebtel has a unique approach that changes the game some .
Skype is recognized as a leader in VoIP .
However , Skype requires calls to be made over Wi-Fi rather than 3G connections on the iPhone , or it requires a fixed broadband connection for the PC client .
Skype does allow free Skype to Skype calls on Android phones with Verizon Wireless -- but only with an expensive Verizon calling plan .
Contrast that with Rebtel .
According to the Rebtel press release , " Rebtel works using any phone , landline , feature phone , or cellphone , for just the cheap price of local call , or now free with the Rebtel Android app . "
The Rebtel app runs in the background of the default Android dialing pad and seamlessly intercepts calls intended for international long distance recipients .
The calls are automatically converted to a local number and routed via Rebtel 's VoIP network .
Android to Android calls are completely free ( other than the minutes used ticking off of the calling plan ) , and calls to other phones result in a savings of 90 percent off standard long - distance rates .
Juniper Research forecasts there will be more than 100 million mobile VoIP users within two years .
Rebtel is squarely in the middle of a second wave of mobile VoIP growth , joining the likes of Skype and Google Voice in terms of growth pace .
" Over the past five years we 've made international calling as close to free as possible from any phone , " said Andreas Bernström , CEO of Rebtel in the Rebtel for Android 1.1 press release .
" The new Rebtel for Android app marks our next phase of innovation coupled with a keen interest in expanding our presence in the U.S. and key growth markets around the world . "
Mobile VoIP , like its broadband predecessor , has the potential to drastically cut the cost of voice communication .
As 4G networks emerge and evolve , voice may be treated as simply another IP packet -- erasing the distinction between voice minutes and data bandwidth .
In the meantime , apps like Rebtel for Android 1.1 provide smartphone users with a tool to utilize VoIP over the existing cellular network .
You can follow Tony on his Facebook page , or contact him by email at tony_bradley@pcworld.com .
He also tweets as @ Tony_BradleyPCW .
Flexible and Economical UTF - 8 Decoder
Systems with elaborate Unicode support usually confront programmers with a multitude of different functions and macros to process UTF - 8 encoded strings , often with different ideas on handling buffer boundaries , state between calls , error conditions , and performance characteristics , making them difficult to use correctly and efficiently .
Implementations also tend to be very long and complicated ; one popular library has over 500 lines of code just for one version of the decoder .
This page presents one that is very easy to use correctly , short , small , fast , and free .
Implementation in C ( C99 )
# define UTF8 _ACCEPT 0 # define UTF8_REJECT 1 static const uint8_t utf8d [ ] = { 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,
1,
1,1,1,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9 , 7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7 , 8,8,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2 , 0xa,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x3,0x4,0x3,0x3 , 0xb,0x6,0x6,0x6,0x5,0x8,0x8,0x8,0x8,0x8,0x8,0x8,0x8,0x8,0x8,0x8 , 0x0,0x1,0x2,0x3,0x5,0x8,0x7,0x1,0x1,0x1,0x4,0x6,0x1,0x1,0x1,0x1 , 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,1,1,1 , 1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 , 1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,3,1,3,1,1,1,1,1,1 , 1,3,1,1,1,1,1,3,1,3,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,3,1,1,1,1,1,
1,
1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 , } ; uint32_t inline decode ( uint32 _t* state , uint32 _t* codep , uint32_t byte ) { uint32_t type = utf8 d [ byte ] ; * codep = ( * state != UTF8 _ACCEPT ) ? ( byte & 0x3 fu ) | ( * codep << 6 ) : ( 0xff >> type ) & ( byte ) ; * state = utf8d [ 256 + * state * 16 + type ] ; return * state ; }
Usage
UTF - 8 is a variable length character encoding .
To decode a character one or more bytes have to be read from a string .
The decode function implements a single step in this process .
It takes two parameters maintaining state and a byte , and returns the state achieved after processing the byte .
Specifically , it returns the value UTF8 _ACCEPT ( 0 ) if enough bytes have been read for a character , UTF8 _REJECT ( 1 ) if the byte is not allowed to occur at its position , and some other positive value if more bytes have to be read .
When decoding the first byte of a string , the caller must set the state variable to UTF8 _ACCEPT .
If , after decoding one or more bytes the state UTF8 _ACCEPT is reached again , then the decoded Unicode character value is available through the codep parameter .
If the state UTF8 _REJECT is entered , that state will never be exited unless the caller intervenes .
See the examples below for more information on usage and error handling , and the section on implementation details for how the decoder is constructed .
Examples
Validating and counting characters
This function checks if a null - terminated string is a well - formed UTF - 8 sequence and counts how many code points are in the string .
int countCodePoints ( uint8 _t* s , size_t* count ) { uint32_t codepoint ; uint32_t state = 0 ; for ( * count = 0 ; *s ; ++s ) if (! decode ( &state , & codepoint , *s ) ) * count += 1 ; return state !=
UTF8 _ACCEPT ; }
It could be used like so :
if ( countCodePoints (s , &count ) ) { printf ( " The string is malformed
" ) ; } else { printf ( " The string is %u characters long
" , count ) ; }
Printing code point values
This function prints out all code points in the string and an error message if unexpected bytes are encountered , or if the string ends with an incomplete sequence .
void printCode Points ( uint8 _t* s ) { uint32_t codepoint ; uint32_t state = 0 ; for ( ; *s ; ++s ) if (! decode ( &state , & codepoint , *s ) ) printf ( " U+%04X
" , codepoint ) ; if ( state != UTF8 _ACCEPT ) printf ( " The string is not well - formed
" ) ; }
Printing UTF - 16 code units
This loop prints out UTF - 16 code units for the characters in a null - terminated UTF - 8 encoded string .
for ( ; *s ; ++s ) { if ( decode ( &state , & codepoint , *s ) ) continue ; if ( codepoint <= 0xFFFF ) { printf ( " 0x%04X
" , codepoint ) ; continue ; } printf ( " 0x%04X
" , ( 0xD7C0 + ( codepoint >> 10 ) ) ) ; printf ( " 0x%04X
" , ( 0xDC00 + ( codepoint & 0x3 FF ) ) ) ; }
Error recovery
It is sometimes desireable to recover from errors when decoding strings that are supposed to be UTF - 8 encoded .
Programmers should be aware that this can negatively affect the security properties of their application .
A common recovery method is to replace malformed sequences with a substitute character like U+FFFD REPLACEMENT CHARACTER .
Decoder implementations differ in which octets they replace and where they restart .
Consider for instance the sequence 0xED 0xA0 0x80 .
It encodes a surrogate code point which is prohibited in UTF - 8 .
A recovering decoder may replace the whole sequence and restart with the next byte , or it may replace the first byte and restart with the second byte , replace it , restart with the third , and replace the third byte aswell .
The following code implements one such recovery strategy .
When an unexpected byte is encountered , the sequence up to that point will be replaced and , if the error occured in the middle of a sequence , will retry the byte as if it occured at the beginning of a string .
Note that the decode function detects errors as early as possible , so the sequence 0xED 0xA0 0x80 would result in three replacement characters .
for ( prev = 0 , current = 0 ; *s ; prev = current , ++s ) { switch ( decode ( ¤t , & codepoint , *s ) ) { case UTF8 _ACCEPT : printf ( " U+%04X
" , codepoint ) ; break ; case UTF8 _REJECT : printf ( " U+FFFD ( Bad UTF - 8 sequence )
" ) ; current = UTF8 _ACCEPT ; if ( prev != UTF8 _ACCEPT ) s--; break ; ...
For some recovery strategies it may be useful to determine the number of bytes expected .
The states in the automaton are numbered such that , assuming C's division operator , state / 3 + 1 is that number .
Of course , this will only work for states other than UTF8 _ACCEPT and UTF8 _REJECT .
This number could then be used , for instance , to skip the continuation octets in the illegal sequence 0xED 0xA0 0x80 so it will be replaced by a single replacement character .
Transcoding to UTF - 16 buffer
This is a rough outline of a UTF - 16 transcoder .
Actual applications would add code for error reporting , reporting of words written , required buffer size in the case of a small buffer , and possibly other things .
Note that in order to avoid checking for free space in the inner loop , we determine how many bytes can be read without running out of space .
This is one utf - 8 byte per available utf - 16 word , with one exception : if the last byte read was the third byte in a four byte sequence we would get two words for the next byte ; so we read one byte less than we have words available .
This additional word is also needed for null - termination , so it 's never wrong to read one less .
int to Utf16 ( uint8 _t* src , size_t srcBytes , uint16 _t* dst , size_t dstWords , ... ) { uint8 _t* src_actual_end = src + srcBytes ; uint8 _t* s = src ; uint16 _t* d = dst ; uint32_t codepoint ; uint32_t state = 0 ; while ( s < src_actual_end ) { size_t dst_words_free = dstWords - ( d - dst ) ; uint8 _t* src_current_end = s + dst_words_free - 1 ; if ( src_actual_end < src_current_end ) src_current_end = src_actual_end ; if ( src_current_end <= s ) goto toosmall ; while ( s < src_current_end ) { if ( decode ( &state , &codepoint , *s++ ) ) continue ; if ( codepoint > 0 xffff ) { *d++ = ( uint16_t ) ( 0xD7C0 + ( codepoint >> 10 ) ) ; *d++ = ( uint16_t ) ( 0xDC00 + ( codepoint & 0x3 FF ) ) ; } else { * d++ = ( uint16_t ) codepoint ; } } } if ( state != UTF8 _ACCEPT ) { ... } if (( dstWords - ( d - dst ) ) == 0 ) goto toosmall ; *d++ = 0 ; ... toosmall : ... }
Implementation details
The utf8d table consists of two parts .
The first part maps bytes to character classes , the second part encodes a deterministic finite automaton using these character classes as transitions .
This section details the composition of the table .
Canonical UTF - 8 automaton
UTF - 8 is a variable length character encoding .
That means state has to be maintained while processing a string .
The following transition graph illustrates the process .
We start in state zero , and whenever we come back to it , we 've seen a whole Unicode character .
Transitions not in the graph are disallowed ; they all lead to state one , which has been omitted for readability .
Automaton with character class transitions
The byte ranges in the transition graph above are not easily encoded in the automaton in a manner that would allow fast lookup .
Instead of encoding the ranges directly , the ranges are split such that each byte belongs to exactly one character class .
Then the transitions go over these character classes .
Mapping bytes to character classes
Primarily to save space in the transition table , bytes are mapped to character classes .
This is the mapping :
00..7 f 0 80..8 f 1 90..9 f 9 a0..bf 7 c0..c1 8 c2..df 2 e0..e0 10 e1..ec 3 ed..ed 4 ee..ef 3 f0..f0 11 f1..f3 6 f4..f4 5 f5..ff
8
For bytes that may occur at the beginning of a multibyte sequence , the character class number is also used to remove the most significant bits from the byte , which do not contribute to the actual code point value .
Note that 0xc0 , 0xc1 , and 0xf5 .. 0xff have all their bits removed .
These bytes cannot occur in well - formed sequences , so it does not matter which bits , if any , are retained .
c0 8 11000000 d0 2 11 0 1 0000 e0 10 11100000 f0 11 11110000 c1 8 1100000 1 d1 2 11 0 1 0001 e1 3 111 0000 1 f1 6 111100 0 1 c2 2 11 0000 1 0 d2 2 11 0 1 0010 e2 3 111 000 1 0 f2 6 111100 1 0 c3 2 11 0000 1 1 d3 2 11 0 1 0011 e3 3 111 000 1 1 f3 6 111100 1 1 c4 2 11 000 1 00 d4 2 11 0 1 0100 e4 3 111 00 1 00 f4 5 11110 1 00 c5 2 11 000 1 01 d5 2 11 0 1 0101 e5 3 111 00 1 01 f5 8 11110 1 01 c6 2 11 000 1 10 d6 2 11 0 1 0110 e6 3 111 00 1 10 f6 8 11110 1 10 c7 2 11 000 1 11 d7 2 11 0 1 0111 e7 3 111 00 1 11 f7 8 11110 1 11 c8 2 11 00 1 000 d8 2 11 0 1 1000 e8 3 111 0 1 000 f8 8 11111000 c9 2 11 00 1 001 d9 2 11 0 1 1001 e9 3 111 0 1 001 f9 8 1111100 1 ca 2 11 00 1 010 da 2 11 0 1 1010 ea 3 111 0 1 010 fa 8 111110 1 0 cb 2 11 00 1 011 db 2 11 0 1 1011 eb 3 111 0 1 011 fb 8 111110 1 1 cc 2 11 00 1 100 dc 2 11 0 1 1100 ec 3 111 0 1 100 fc 8 11111100 cd 2 11 00 1 101 dd 2 11 0 1 1101 ed 4 1110 1 101 fd 8 1111110 1 ce 2 11 00 1 110 de 2 11 0 1 1110 ee 3 111 0 1 110 fe 8 11111110 cf 2 11 00 1 111 df 2 11 0 1 1111 ef 3 111 0 1 111 ff 8 11111111
Notes on Variations
There are several ways to change the implementation of this decoder .
For example , the size of the data table can be reduced , at the cost of a couple more instructions , so it omits the mapping of bytes in the US - ASCII range , and since all entries in the table are 4 bit values , two values could be stored in a single byte .
In some situations it may be beneficial to have a separate start state .
This is easily achieved by copying the s0 state in the array to the end , and using the new state 9 as start state as needed .
Where callers require the code point values , compilers tend to generate slightly better code if the state calculation is moved into the branches , for example
if ( * state != UTF8 _ACCEPT ) { * state = utf8d [ 256 + * state * 16 + type ] ; * codep = ( * codep << 6 ) | ( byte & 63 ) ; } else { * state = utf8d [ 256 + * state * 16 + type ] ; * codep = ( byte ) & ( 255 >> type ) ; }
As the state will be zero in the else branch , this saves a shift and an addition for each starter .
Unfortunately , compilers will then typically generate worse code if the codepoint value is not needed .
Naturally , then , two functions could be used , one that only calculates the states for validation , counting , and similar applications , and one for full decoding .
For the sample UTF - 16 transcoder a more substantial increase in performance can be achieved by manually including the decode code in the inner loop ; then it is also worthwhile to make code points in the US - ASCII range a special case :
while ( s < src_current_end ) { uint32_t byte = * s++ ; uint32_t type = utf8 d [ byte ] ; if ( state != UTF8 _ACCEPT ) { codep = ( codep << 6 ) | ( byte & 63 ) ; state = utf8d [ 256 + state * 16 + type ] ; if ( state ) continue ; } else if ( byte > 0x7 f ) { codep = ( byte ) & ( 255 >> type ) ; state = utf8d [ 256 + type ] ; continue ; } else { * d++ = ( uint16 _t ) byte ; continue ; } ...
Another variation worth of note is changing the comparison when setting the code point value to this :
* codep = ( * state > UTF8_REJECT ) ? ( byte & 0x3 fu ) | ( * codep << 6 ) : ( 0xff >> type ) & ( byte ) ;
This ensures that the code point value does not exceed the value 0xff after some malformed sequence is encountered .
As written , the decoder disallows encoding of surrogate code points , overlong 2 , 3 , and 4 byte sequences , and 4 byte sequences outside the Unicode range .
Allowing them can have serious security implications , but can easily be achieved by changing the character class assignments in the table .
The code samples have generally been written to perform well on my system when compiled with Visual C++ 7.1 and GCC 3.4.5 .
Slight changes may improve performance , for example , Visual C++ 7.1 will produce slightly faster code when , in the manually inlined version of the transcoder discussed above , the type assignment is moved into the branches where it is needed , and the state and codepoint assignments in the non-ASCII starter is swapped ( approximately a 5 % increase ) , but GCC 3.4.5 will produce considerably slower code ( approximately 10 % ) .
I have experimented with various rearrangements of states and character classes .
A seemingly promising one is the following :
One of the continuation ranges has been split into two , the other changes are just renamings .
This arrangement allows , when a continuation octet is expected , to compute the character class with a shift instead of a table lookup , and when looking at a non-ASCII starter , the next state is simply the character class .
On my system the change in performance is in the area of +/- 1 % .
This encoding would have a number of downsides : more rejecting states are required to account for continuation octets where starters are expected , the table formatting would use more hex notation making it longer , and calculating the number of expected continuation octets from a given state is more difficult .
One thing I 'd still like to try out is if , perhaps by adding a couple of additional states , for continuation states the next state can be computed without any table lookup with a few easily paired instructions .
On 24th June 2010 Rich Felker pointed out that the state values in the transition table can be pre-multiplied with 16 which would save a shift instruction for every byte .
D'oh !
We actually just need 12 and can throw away the filler values previously in the table making the table 36 bytes shorter and save the shift in the code .
# define UTF8 _ACCEPT 0 # define UTF8_REJECT 12 static const uint8_t utf8d [ ] = { 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0 , 1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1 , 9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9,9 , 7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7 , 7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7,7 , 8,8,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2 , 2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2 , 10,3,3,3,3,
3,
3, 3,3,3,3,3,3,4,3,3 , 11,6,6,6,5,8,8,8,8,8,8,8,8,8,8,8 , 0,12,24,36,60,96,84,12,12,12,48,72 , 12,12,12,12,12,12,12,12,12,12,12,12 , 12 , 0,12,12,12,12,12 , 0,12 , 0,12,12 , 12,24,12,12,12,12,12,24,12,24,12,12 , 12,12,12,12,12,12,12,24,12,12,12,12 , 12,24,12,12,12,12,12,12,12,24,12,12 , 12,12,12,12,12,12,12,36,12,36,12,12 , 12,36,12,12,12,12,12,36,12,36,12,12 , 12,36,12,12,12,12,12,12,12,12,12,12 , } ; uint32_t inline decode ( uint32 _t* state , uint32 _t* codep , uint32_t byte ) { uint32_t type = utf8 d [ byte ] ; * codep = ( * state != UTF8 _ACCEPT ) ? ( byte & 0x3 fu ) | ( * codep << 6 ) : ( 0xff >> type ) & ( byte ) ; * state = utf8d [ 256 + * state + type ] ; return * state ; }
Notes on performance
To conduct some ad - hoc performance testing I 've used three different UTF - 8 encoded buffers and passed them through a couple of UTF - 8 to UTF - 16 transcoders .
The large buffer is a April 2009 Hindi Wikipedia article XML dump , the medium buffer Markus Kuhn 's UTF - 8 - demo.txt , and the tiny buffer my name , each about the number of times required for about 1GB of data .
All tests ran on a Intel Prescott Celeron at 2666 MHz .
See Changes for some additional details .
Large Medium Tiny NS_CStringToUTF16 ( )
Mozilla 1.9 ( includes malloc / free time ) 36924ms 39773ms 107958 ms iconv( ) 1.9 compiled with Visual C++ ( Cygwin iconv 1.11 similar ) 22740ms 21765ms 32595ms g_utf8_to_utf16 ( )
Cygwin Glib 2.0 ( includes malloc / free time ) 21599ms 20345ms 98782ms ConvertUTF8toUTF16 ( ) Unicode Inc. , Visual C++ 7.1 - Ox - Ot - G7 11183ms 11251ms 19453ms MultiByteToWideChar ( ) Windows API ( Server 2003 SP2 ) 9857ms 10779ms 12771ms u_strFromUTF8 from ICU 4.0.1 ( Visual Studio 2008 , web site distribution ) 8778ms 5223ms 5419ms PyUnicode_DecodeUTF8Stateful ( 3.1a2 ) , Visual C++ 7.1 - Ox - Ot - G7 4523ms 5686ms 3138ms
Example section transcoder , Visual C++ 7.1 - Ox - Ot - G7 5397ms 5789 ms 6250 ms
Manually inlined transcoder ( see above ) , Visual C++ 7.1 - Ox - Ot - G7 4277ms 4998ms 4640 ms Same , Cygwin GCC 3.4.5 - march=prescott - fomit-frame - pointer -O3 4492ms 5154ms 4432ms Same , Cygwin GCC 4.3.2 - march=prescott - fomit-frame - pointer -O3 5439ms 6322ms 5567ms Same , Visual C++ 6.0 - TP - O2 5398ms 6259ms 6446 ms Same , Visual C++ 7.1 - Ox - Ot - G7 ( includes malloc / free time ) 5498ms 5086ms 25852ms
I have also timed functions that xor all code points in the large buffer .
In Visual Studio 2008 ICU 's U8 _NEXT macro comes out at ~8000 ms , the U8 _NEXT_UNSAFE macro , which requires complete and well - formed input , at ~4000 ms , and the decode function is at ~5900 ms .
Using the same manual inlining as for the transcode function , Cygwin GCC 3.4.5 - march=prescott - O3 - fomit - frame - pointer brings it down to roughly the same times as the transcode function for all three buffers .
While these results do not model real - world applications well , it seems reasonable to suggest that the reduced complexity does not come at the price of reduced performance .
Note that instructions that compute the code point values will generally be optimized away when not needed .
For example , checking if a null - terminated string is properly UTF - 8 encoded ...
int IsUTF8 ( uint8 _t* s ) { uint32_t codepoint , state = 0 ; while ( * s ) decode ( &state , &codepoint , *s++ ) ; return state == UTF8 _ACCEPT ; }
... does not require the individual code point values , and so the loop becomes something like this :
l1 : movzx eax , al shl edx , 4 add ecx , 1 movzx eax , byte ptr [ eax +404000h ] movzx edx , byte ptr [ eax+edx+256+404000h ] movzx eax , byte ptr [ ecx ] test al , al jne l1
For comparison , this is a typical strlen loop :
l1 : mov cl , byte ptr [ eax ] add eax , 1 test cl, cl jne l1
With the large buffer and the same number of times as above , strlen takes 1507ms while IsUTF8 takes 2514ms .
License
Copyright ( c ) 2008 -2009 Bjoern Hoehrmann < bjoern@hoehrmann.de >
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
Changes
25 Jun 2010 Added an improved variation based on an observation from Rich Felker .
30 April 2009
Added some more items to the performance table : the manually inlined transcoder allocating worst case memory for each run and freeing it before the next run ; and results for Mozilla 's NS_CStringToUTF16 ( a new nsAutoString is created for each run , and truncated before the next ) .
This used the XULRunner SDK 1.9.0.7 binary distribution from the Mozilla website .
18 April 2009
Added notes to the Variations section on handling malformed sequences and failed optimization attempts .
14 April 2009 Added PyUnicode_DecodeUTF8Stateful times ; the function has been modified slightly so it works outside Python and so it uses a pre-allocated buffer .
Normally does not check output buffer boundaries but rather allocates a worst case buffer , then resizes it .
Apparently the decoder allows encodings of surrogate code points .
Author
The Pythagorean Theorem was once a profound and dimly - understood secret .
Today we teach it to children .
I 'd say that 's a pretty good test of whether we fully understand something .
What parts of computer science can really we teach to kids today ?
Remember that computer science has nothing to do with computers as such , any more than geometry is about surveying land .
A story about computer science
and other improbable things .
Alan Kay has a classic talk about different modes of thinking and an experiment he did with young people of different ages .
Imagine a robot that can do four things : move forward some distance , move backward , rotate some number of degrees , and make a mark on the floor .
The goal is to write a program that tells the robot to draw a circle .
Before I tell you what happened , do take a minute and try it yourself .
It 's a pretty problem .
Precocious teenagers are stuffed full of facts about circles and curves , πr2 and calculus and all of that .
More to the point , they have been trained in school to think abstractly and to leave aside visual or visceral thinking .
Given this robot exercise they would spend 45 minutes on the blackboard writing equations and looking up things in books and scratching their heads before giving up .
Then Kay found some 10 - year - olds and gave them the same problem .
A 10 - year - old does n't know much about equations .
She 's a visual thinker .
She does n't know much about circles either , but she does know that a circle is defined as all points that are the same distance from the center .
After about ten minutes of thinking and doodling she writes the program this way :
Start at center .
Move forward N inches .
Make a mark .
Move backward N inches .
Rotate 1 degree .
GOTO 1
That is a significant result .
Ten - year - olds beat the pants off teenagers by using an officially discouraged mode of thinking .
Not satisfied with that , crazy old Kay invited in a bunch of five - year - olds .
You do n't let little kids play with chalk if you want to get any work done , so for them he turned it into a game :
" Ok kids , you are robots .
Say Beep beep beep !
Good , now cover your eyes , and I want you to walk in a circle . "
The kids would cover their eyes and cock their heads for a few seconds , thinking about how to walk in a circle while blind .
Then they did it .
They walked forward just a little , then turned a little , then walked forward again , and so on until their inner ear told them they 'd done a full circuit .
Not only did these children solve the problem immediately using visceral thinking , their solution was hundreds of times more efficient .
Somehow they were intuiting differential equations .
What can I teach a child about computer science ?
It may be better first to ask what a child can teach me .
I do n't mean that in the Romantic sense of noble savagery or the wisdom of innocence .
Computer science is the study of process : how to do things , how to figure out things , and especially how to figure out how to do things .
We have to investigate everything that seems to work , wherever we find it .
Visually and viscerally - centered thinking seem like rich veins to explore .
One of Alan Kay 's favorite sayings is that having the right point of view is worth 80 IQ points .
No matter how clever you are , if you 're trying to figure out cube roots on an abacus you are not going to get very far .
The right point of view can make the difference between an elegant solution and a pile of steampunk .
Fortunately it cuts both ways .
If something you are working on seems to be inelegant , too full of random details and not enough clear principles , that 's a sign you might be approaching it with the wrong point of view .
Being able to recognize that state and pull yourself out of it is an invaluable skill .
Both the hidebound and the feckless are crippled because they can't choose where their minds go next .
An interesting , perhaps defining , characteristic of highly creative people is their ability to shift their point of view at will .
Often , especially when learning some large new system , programmers get stuck on something that looks like a bug and ask someone for help .
Halfway through explaining their problem they realize where they had gone wrong .
Never mind , never mind , it 's not a bug , I 'm an idiot .
At a company I used to work for we had a stuffed bear called the bugbear .
Before you could bug anyone else about your bug , you had explain it to the bugbear .
Just thinking to yourself does n't always work ; there is something about vocalizing your mini-mental crisis to another being that engages the brain .
So , back to the question : what can we teach a child about computer science ?
It is n't an abstract set of laws you learn because it 's good for you .
Computer science is the study of how to do things -- anything -- faster and better .
It 's more than that , of course .
But the practical side is ultimately the source and purpose of all this commotion .
( Right ? )
Two people painting a house is task parallelism .
Since they are doing the same job they each need a bucket and brush .
Otherwise they 'll waste too much time walking back and forth .
They also need to make sure that they paint all of the house and do n't paint parts that have already been painted .
An easy way to coordinate is to start at opposite ends of the house .
Even if one person paints faster than the other , they will eventually meet and be done .
Washing dishes is a little different .
There is only one sink so two people can't wash at once .
But one person can wash and another can dry .
They form a short " pipeline " that dishes flow through one their way to be cleaned .
Let 's say it takes 30 seconds to wash a dish and 30 seconds to dry .
50 dishes would take 50 minutes for one person .
For two people it would take 25 minutes and 30 seconds .
50 / 2 is 25 , not 25.5 .
The extra half - minute comes from how pipelines work : the dryer can't start until the first dish has been washed .
As pipelines get longer and more complex , managing delays becomes very important .
Everyone has been to or seen videos of factories with their long conveyor belts , robots and people .
If one section stops the whole line stops .
Even tricker is managing stages that have different speeds .
If you can make the candy faster than I can put them into boxes , then candy will build up behind me .
To wash your clothes right you should separate the colors .
A really fun way is to sit in the center of the room and toss darks , lights , and colors into different corners .
A lot of high - tech companies gauge engineering candidates by their ability to solve the so - called Dutch National Flag problem .
A lot of job candidates fail to figure out the trick , and perhaps fail the interview .
I do n't think that 's a problem with the candidates or the basic idea of whiteboard interviews .
I think it 's a problem that we think DNP is a hard problem , when it is literally child 's play .
If you 've ever seen an old war movie you 've heard the characters reading numbers over the radio :
One niner five alpha bravo --- repeat --- one niner five alpha bravo !.
Numbers have to be clear so they say " niner " because " nine " might be mistaken for " five " .
They use words for letters so no one confuses B with D , P or E .
They also repeat important information as an extra safety .
It takes longer to communicate this way but getting it right is more important than efficiency .
Computers communicate this way too .
In fact the theory behind the tradeoff between efficiency and reliability , called Shannon 's information theory , is one of the ideas that made modern communications possible .
One of the neat things about coding theory is that you can control exactly how efficient or reliable you want something to be .
A book of How
There are a thousand of these little explanations one could come up with .
Doubtless you 've invented some of your own when learning a new thing or teaching it to someone else .
Children do it all of the time , and we do it all of the time with children .
But as far as I know they are not collected or connected with more general concepts .
It 's almost as though people are embarrassed to use such devices as a regular thing .
If you want to know What something is you look it up in the dictionary or encyclopedia .
If you want to know Where something is you look at an atlas .
When is covered by history books .
Why and Who are kind of scattered about , but a lot of the answers are in history books and encyclopedias .
All of these tools : encyclopedias , atlases , histories , were invented .
They were invented and compiled one halting step at a time in response to need .
Computer science is , possibly , an attempt to write a book of How .
We do n't really know what it will look like , kids , but you 're invited to help us find out .
There is a cultural defensiveness among many Indians , but they bring enterprise and energy to communities with their presence , and this works to everyone 's benefit .
There has been increasing angst and teeth - gnashing among Indians in the United States this week over a tongue - in - cheek essay by columnist Joel Stein in the international newsweekly , Time .
Mr. Stein ruefully talks about how his native Edison , a New Jersey community just across the Hudson River from New York City , has been transformed into a “ Little India ” — with the overpowering smells of Indian cuisine , the eclectic colours of Indian ethnicity , and the distinctive dialects of the subcontinent dominating what was once a largely Italian - American town .
The blogosphere has been ricocheting with rants against the writer , accusing him of prejudice or worse .
Time 's editors subsequently said that the magazine — whose circulation is just under four million — did not intend to offend Indians .
I know Mr. Stein , and he 's scarcely a racist ; he has acknowledged that the presence of Indians has brought fresh prosperity and diversity to Edison .
I am pretty sure that his piece was intended to be satirical , even if it was n't especially felicitous .
Columnists , after all , are paid to be provocative ; engendering offence is sometimes one of those unintended consequences of the trade .
An Indian friend , who lives in East Asia , put a healthy perspective on Mr. Stein 's article after I had e-mailed it to her .
“ I was aware somewhere that I ought to be insulted as this guy is saying mean things about my countrymen and culture — but the piece is written with so much humour and candour that I could not help but see his point , ” she said .
“ I can not help but see where he is coming from .
It may not be balanced but brings out the feelings of so many .
And somewhere along the line admits to being biased .
I see why Time ran it ! ”
My own feeling is that Indians — especially those living and prospering abroad — often tend to be bereft of irony and a self - deprecating sense of humour ; they are given to being far too readily offended as a tribe .
It may not quite be a “ Masada Complex ” — a feeling of being under siege — but there 's a cultural defensiveness that I have sensed among many Indians I have known since I first landed in the U.S. as a student .
Of course , there are now many more Indians in America since my initial arrival in 1967 .
When I visited the U.S. — now my adopted country — not long ago for a major class reunion at Brandeis University near Boston and Cambridge , it struck me that just about every second person on the streets seemed to be of Indian origin .
In my home city of New York , the situation was no less different .
Surely , I thought , America — a nation of 307 million — must profit substantially from the presence of these Indians , of whom there are now more than 2.5 million , a tenth of the global Indian Diaspora .
As if by serendipity , I came across a study showing that indeed America does benefit handsomely through the contributions of Indians , including businessmen , physicians , and high - technology entrepreneurs .
This study was jointly prepared by the India - U.S. World Affairs Institute of Washington , the Robert H. Smith School of Business of the University of Maryland , and the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry ; it revealed that Indians are not only the most affluent and most educated of the scores of ethnic communities in the melting pot that 's the U.S. , they are also rapidly becoming among the most significant investors in the American economy .
According to the report , 90 Indian companies made 127 greenfield investments worth $ 5.5 billion between 2004 and 2009 , and created 16,576 jobs in the U.S. During the same period , 239 Indian companies made 372 acquisitions in the U.S. , creating more than 40,000 jobs .
The total value of 267 ( of the 372 ) acquisitions was $ 21 billion , or $ 78.7 million per acquisition .
A “ greenfield investment ” is a form of foreign direct investment where a parent company starts a new venture in a foreign country by constructing new operational facilities from the ground up .
The study says that the five industrial sectors in the U.S. that received the most greenfield investment were metals ; software and information technology services ; leisure and entertainment ; industrial machinery , equipment and tools ; and financial services .
The sums poured into these sectors accounted for almost 80 per cent of total greenfield investment .
New Jersey — the State in which Edison is located — has been one of the top recipients of Indian investment .
New Jersey schools and colleges also have among the largest number of the Indian students who come to the U.S. each year .
Overall , there are an estimated 94,563 students from India whose net contribution to the U.S. economy was $ 2.39 billion , according to the study .
In fact , students of Indian origin constitute 10 to 12 per cent of medical students entering U.S. schools , the new study says .
Furthermore , there are about 50,000 physicians ( and 15,000 medical students ) of Indian heritage in the American cities , and in rural areas .
New Jersey has its share of the so - called “ Patel motels ” too .
There are currently almost 10,000 Indian American owners of hotels / motels in the U.S. , owning over 40 per cent of all hotels in the country and 39 per cent of all guest rooms ; the study says they own more than 21,000 hotels with 1.8 million guest rooms and property valued at $ 129 billion .
These Indian - owned facilities employ 578,600 workers .
The U.S. Census Bureau adds that there were 231,000 businesses owned by Indian Americans in 2002 , which employed 615,000 workers and had revenues of over $ 89 billion .
( The Census Bureau conducts the survey every five years , and the results of the 2007 survey will be available in a few days ) .
A study led by Vivek Wadhwa for Duke University and the University of California , Berkeley , found that Indian immigrant entrepreneurs had founded more engineering and technology companies during 1995 - 2005 than immigrants from Britain , China , Japan , and Taiwan combined .
Of all immigrant - founded companies , 26 per cent had Indian founders .
Which brings us back to Joel Stein 's column and all the hullaballoo that it has generated .
Edison , New Jersey , may not be a precursor of things to come — in other words , Indians are hardly about to demographically dominate small towns all across America ; the country 's immigration laws would work against that possibility .
But Indians bring enterprise and energy to communities with their presence , and this works to everyone 's benefit .
They are largely anchored in their homespun culture , but they are also respectful of American mores and morals , and laws as well .
They make the American tapestry more colourful , richer , and culturally more alive .
They are living the American Dream , but in their own special Indian way .
What 's wrong with that ?
( Pranay Gupte is a veteran international journalist and author .
His forthcoming book is on India and the Middle East . )
© Анелия Николова
Половината незаконни лагери на роми и чергари във Франция ще бъдат премахнати до три месеца , съобщи министърът на вътрешните работ и
Брис Ортфьо , цитиран от Франс прес .
Той обеща също , че ромите , които са нарушили законите , ще бъдат незабавно връщани в България и Румъния .
Министърът направи това изказване след извънредно министерско съвещание , свикано от президент а Никола Саркози , след като в градчет о
Сен Енян , Централна Франция , избухнаха сблъсъци между ромите и френската полиция .
Преди съвещаниет о Саркози предупреди , че някои представители на ромското малцинство създават " проблеми " за сигурността , уточнява агенцията .
Ортфьо се закани , че циганите , които извършват нарушения , ще бъдат подложени на " практически незабавно " депортиране в страните , от които идват .
Смята се , че по-голямата част от ромите във Франция са от Румъния и България , които се присъединиха към ЕС през 2007 г .
" Чергари " е френски административен термин , който обхваща различните цигански етноси и ромите , които идват от Румъния , България и Централна Европа .
Във Франция те са общо около 400 000 души - 95 процента са с френско гражданство , а ромите са 15 000 души и този брой нараства .
През 2009 г. от Франция са били експулсирани 9875 роми , от тях 85 процента към Румъния , пише в. " Монд " .
Половината от около 300 - та незаконни чергарски и ромски лагери във Франция трябва да бъдат демонтирани до три месеца .
Франция и Румъния ще извършат полицейски обмен , а десет френски данъчни инспектори ще посетят някои ромски и чергарски лагери за проверка на обитателите им .
" Срещата бе посветена на борбата срещу незаконното обитаване на земи и сгради .
Целта не е била да се заклеймява никоя общност , а да се санкционират незаконни прояви " , заяви вътрешният министър .
Левицата , цигански сдружения и правозащитни асоциации разкритикуваха днешната среща .
Те упрекнах а Саркози и правителството му , че предлагат етнически подход към закононарушенията и по този начин заклеймяват цяла общност .
Държавният секретар по европейските въпрос и Пиер Льолуш заяви , че влизането на Румъния и България в ЕС е довело до наплив от роми във Франция и съседните страни и е породило нарастване на престъпността в полза на " удобно настанени в Румъния мафиотски босове " .
Свободата на придвижване , която ще важи в пълна степен за румънците и българите от 2013 г. , ще бъде фактически ограничена за ромите , от които за пребиваване във Франция ще се изискват достатъчни доходи , коментира " Монд " .
Congratulations Kevin Forbes , our winner of the first ever Cloudscape Comic Battle !
Competition was fast and furious !
When the dust settled our top three comickers were :
1st place – Kevin Forbes
2nd place – Jeff Ellis
3rd place – Anise Shaw
See the full results here .
Now let ’s see who triumphs in round 2 ‘ Healthy Living ’ !!
Please vote below .
And if you are interested in competing please submit a comic for round 3 .
The theme is ‘ mental vacation ’ and it is due Wed the 23rd at 7:30 pm .
Please email your comic to comicbattleATcloudscapecomicsDOTcom
The winner of Round 3 will get a free copy of Exploded View !
[ nggallery id=4 ]
[ poll id = ” 4 ″ ]
By Shelton BumgarnerWhile traveling through Southeast Asia last year , I finished reading the book `` The Singularity is Near " by Ray Kurzweil .
The technological ``singularity , '' often jokingly called ``the rapture for nerds '' is the idea that at some point technology will go faster than our culture 's ability to process it .
If you think things change fast in Dynamic Korea , then you have n't seen anything yet .
Because of the book , I found myself having a lot of conversations about the future with my fellow travelers .
In the book , Kurzweil writes that we are hurdling towards a technological utopia where we upload our minds into computers and essentially live forever .
Kurzweil casually dismisses the dystopian notion that there may be a downside to doing such a thing .
Another idea that Kurzweil 's book addresses really got me thinking about on my trip was nanotechnology .
Nanotech , as it's also called , works on a molecular scale and has the potential to give mankind powers over matter previously reserved for the gods themselves .
The technology is in its infancy , but Kurzweil argues that soon enough it will be a dominate force in human existence .
The comparison about nanotechnology during my trip went like this ― in 1929 , if we would be having a similar discussion about the future we would be talking the possibly of a fantastic ``superbom ''" that turned matter into energy that could destroy a city .
Now , we may have to worry about self - replicating nanobots that turn cities into goo .
It may take 20 years , but at some point the advanced nations of the world ― including Korea ― will have to deal with the threat of militarized nanotech .
The comparisons between nuclear technology and nanotechnology worry me a great deal .
Both can be used for great good and unimaginable harm .
Broadly , on a theoretical level , one day instead of flying a spaceship to Mars , humanity may simply send a nanobot factory there and zap to it copies of individuals who would then colonize the planet .
However , the same technology could be used to destroy a city on Earth as thousands of ``nanobots '' swarm a city and ``eat '' it .
Numerous other possible nightmare scenarios exist regarding nanotech .
One could imagine an uncontrollable ``gray good '' of nanobots ― much like something of the 1950's movie The Blob ― rampaging the countryside after an industrial accident .
Or worse still , a terrorist group could release a swarm of self - replicating nanobots simply hoping to spread fear and chaos .
While Kurzweil has a generally positive view of the singularity and its associate technological ideas , other equally brilliant minds do not .
Such diverse minds as Bill Joy , formerly of Sun Microsystems and the Unabomber both have expressed concerns about nanotech and the Singularity .
Joy expressed his fears in the seminal work , `` Why The Future Does n't Need Us , " while the Unabomber wrote a techno - political creed that would ultimately be his downfall .
In his work , Joy says , `` The experiences of the atomic scientists clearly show the need to take personal responsibility , the danger that things will move too fast , and the way in which a process can take on a life of its own .
We can , as they did , create insurmountable problems in almost no time flat .
We must do more thinking up front if we are not to be similarly surprised and shocked by the consequences of our inventions .
'' On a more immediate level , the technology that I find the most worrisome is called ``the Internet of Things . ''
This technology ― one that researchers in China are actively investigating ― would give everything an Internet address so it could be monitored .
Supporters of this technology I 'm sure believe that the subsequent ``data smog '' would allow us to interact with the ordinary objects around us in a new , revolutionary way .
I find the Internet of Things very creepy on a personal level .
I do n't know about you , but I am not really comfortable with the idea of Communists - or anybody else for that matter ― having the ability to monitor my every move via the Internet .
The Internet of Things , nanotechnology and uploading brains into computers are all part of the nascent ``transhuman '' movement , of which Kurzweil is a leader .
Transhumanists believe that humans may quickly evolve into something just as much machine as man .
Kurzweil believes the Singularity will occur sometime around 2045 .
Regardless of if the future needs us or not , it 's on its way faster than any of us can imagine .
It ’s called “ libel tourism ” — the practice of bringing a defamation lawsuit against an author or publisher in a country with less robust protections of free speech than those afforded Americans by the 1st Amendment and Supreme Court decisions .
Many Americans may be surprised to learn that a leading destination for libel tourists is the United Kingdom .
The United States ca n’t prevent Britain or other countries from making it easier to win libel suits that might not succeed in this country , where even publications that include errors have received 1st Amendment protection .
But U.S. courts do n’t have to honor them .
Under legislation passed this week by the Senate , only foreign libel judgments that comport with U.S. law would be enforceable by state and federal courts .
The House should adopt the Senate bill and send it to President Obama for his signature .
The campaign to protect authors from libel tourism has been led by Rachel Ehrenfeld , a U.S. citizen who was sued in Britain by a Saudi billionaire she accused of financing terrorist groups .
Never mind that she did n’t live in Britain and that her book was n’t published there .
( A few copies were purchased online . )
Rather than face the high legal costs and burdens of proof in London , Ehrenfeld chose not to contest the case , and the court ruled against her by default , ordering her to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages and legal fees .
Several states have enacted so - called Rachel ’s Laws to prevent libel tourists from using U.S. courts to enforce foreign judgments .
California ’s version , enacted last year , says that state courts wo n’t enforce libel judgments from other nations unless the foreign defamation law “ provided at least as much protection for freedom of speech and the press as provided by both the United States and California constitutions . ”
Advertisement
The bill that passed the Senate provides similar protections on a national level .
Not only would foreign libel judgments be required to conform to U.S. standards in order to be enforced , but an author or publisher also could ask a federal court for a declaration that the foreign judgment was “ repugnant to the Constitution or laws of the United States . ”
That would allow an author to clear his or her name even if a plaintiff had n’t attempted to have a U.S. court enforce a judgment .
It ’s true that U.S. courts rarely have enforced foreign libel judgments .
But the threat of enforcement has a chilling effect .
Ensuring that U.S. courts do n’t collude in unfair proceedings would serve the ideal , enunciated by the Supreme Court in a famous libel case , that debate on public issues should be “ uninhibited , robust and wide open . ”
Default Programs Editor makes it easy to fix file association settings in Windows , including context menu items , icons , and descriptions .
Also : autoplay settings and default programs settings ... all without fiddling around in the registry .
File type properties Context menu editor Autoplay settings & Upgrade for ' File Types ' options from Windows XP Default Programs associations ‹ ›
Wham !
Bam !
Whack !
Smack !
Markets took a beating Thursday .
The Dow got walloped for a 376 - point loss .
Tellingly , gold lost only $ 4 .
Proportionately , it should have gone down nearly $ 40 .
The story was the same all over the world .
Here in China , stocks fell …as they did everywhere else .
And not just stocks – commodities went down too .
Why ?
Traders and pundits are talking about trouble in Europe .
According to the Reuters report , the sell - off came after Germany banned naked short selling .
Those Germans !
Always the party poopers .
But when markets are ready to roll over , they ’ll do so .
Commentators and analysts can look for the ‘ cause , ’ but they are just making noise .
Still , we suggest that they take their eyes off the naked Germans .
Instead , they might want to take a look at what is going on in the US of A …
The Great Correction is a worldwide phenomenon , but it is centered in America .
The US economy is changing .
As a result , all the world ’s credits need to be re-priced .
What does that mean ?
Just that much of the world economy was geared to a trend that has come to an end – the growth and leveraging of the US consumer economy .
Here in China , for example , much of the export apparatus is set up to service US households .
Much of the rest of it faces the opposite direction – towards Europe .
But the old world and the new world are both beginning to look a little stale .
Both have too much debt .
Both have made too many promises to too many people .
We are now , broadly speaking , in the process of debt de-leveraging .
The private sector in America is paying down and defaulting on debt .
In the housing market , for example , delinquencies and foreclosures are at peak levels .
And demand for new mortgage loans is at a 13 - year low .
Since so much of the wealth of the country rested on housing prices , it is not surprising that a write - down in house prices would be as unwelcome as Chinese wallboard .
In fact , it ’s hard to find a place that has n’t been affected .
People have less money ; they spend less .
They have too much debt ; they borrow less .
Sales go down .
And the banks that hold much of this debt go bust .
The FDIC says it has 775 banks on its “ problem ” list .
When sales go down , so does employment .
The latest figures show jobless claims rising again .
Among the poor and uneducated , the unemployment rate is over 30 %
Meanwhile , the de-leveraging process is clearly seen in falling consumer and wholesales prices .
Demand goes down ; so do prices .
Both indexes are down , with less consumer inflation than at any time in more than 40 years .
In Europe , the process of de-leveraging focuses on governments .
By and large , households are much sounder , financially , in Europe than they are in America .
But governments are just as shaky … and sometimes in worse shape than in the US .
The credits of Greece , Spain , and Portugal have already been marked down considerably .
Most likely , the credits – bonds and currencies – of the others will follow .
Governments tried to appease the market gods by offering to sacrifice virgins , widows , orphans , the rich and other taxpayers .
Higher taxes and austerity measures are expected to give investors confidence .
Naturally , neither the virgins nor the taxpayers were willing to go along .
Neither were government employees , whose salaries and pensions are supposed to be cut .
The process of de-leveraging is going to be long and hard , in any case .
Most likely , it will end in bankruptcy , default and write - downs of public debt .
At least Euroland has taken up the issue .
On the other side of the Atlantic , few politicians , taxpayers , or investors see a problem .
They believe the credit of the US is not only elastic , but with unlimited stretch .
Wait ’til it snaps back !
Add / view comments on this post .
------------------------------
The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best economy - related bloggers out there .
Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers ' own , as is responsibility for the content of their blogs .
To contact us about a blogger , click here .
To add or view a comment on a guest blog , please go to the blogger 's own site by clicking on the link above .
" Children are the only test of character that you cannot get rid of when you are tired or stressed and go do your own thing .
You can take a break from a ' ministry ' but not from a whole slew of little kids .
You are up to bat all the time .
You never see the dugout , much less the locker room .
But it is way down in the nitty - gritty , knee deep in the nuts and bolts of everyday life , that God makes spiritual giants .
Laundry and phonics and recipes are the stuff of greatness . "
- Jill Barrett
This is the BBC .
Full coverage of the Pope 's visit to the UK will appear here
Animals are different from humans , so if you can manipulate the animals you are experimenting with so that they better represent humans you are more likely to get useful results .
But there must be limits on the degree to which animals are altered .
They must be respected , not distorted in some hideous fashion .
GM techniques are right at the cutting edge and scientists are very excited about them , which makes them hard to resist .
I agree science must progress and tackle disease , but we must also take into account the suffering of animals .
We all want cures for diseases such as cystic fibrosis and Parkinson's , but we must maintain morality and decency in pursuit of solutions .
Of course the tiny overall drop in experiment numbers is good news and lots of the scientists involved are decent people doing a good job , but if more attention were paid to the proper design of experiments and better statistical procedures in place to evaluate results , this number could be brought down more significantly .
Also , mice and rats that are modified for use as models for human diseases often turn out to be much less useful than anticipated .
A mouse with cystic fibrosis , for example , does n't always fit precisely the experiment for which it has been developed .
There is a lot of waste .
The most likely way to produce accurate results is to conduct tests with humans instead .
Techniques are emerging with tests that can ethically be done on humans with the actual disease .
There are limits but it's an advancing frontier .
The more clinical research on actual patients , providing its done with strict ethical controls , the more likely are relevant results .
The other way to limit animal experimentation is to be critical about the way the development of modified animals is going before you start producing them in large numbers .
Testing on GM animals is n't intrinsically worse than testing on normal animals , but when you breed animals to develop diseases very early on in their lives , some of the outcomes can be extraordinarily harsh .
All the time the issue scientists must consider is the balance of potential human benefit , weighed against the suffering and the dignity of the subjects being tested .
Surveillance chips in our bins ?
Even though I 'm quite pleased at the idea that MI5 might be forced to spend their days going through my rubbish , it 's irritating that yet again we 're being distracted from the real problem .
Reaction to Big Brother Watch 's report has focused on issues of surveillance , privacy and personal taxes while the wider environmental arguments once again are overlooked .
You should feel sorry for poor old local councils , who have had the whole enormous waste problem dumped unceremoniously in their laps and who are expected to deliver all sorts of targets and standards .
You should feel even sorrier for the poor old consumer – that 's you – who is being held responsible for Britain 's massive rubbish problem .
We 're expected to recycle , reuse and reduce , while the real culprits are just wandering off with their hands in their pockets , whistling .
In fact household waste makes up just 14 % of the waste produced annually in the UK .
But it 's a very attractive segment for government to go after because it's easy to measure ( almost all household waste is collected by local authorities , so it 's reasonably standardised and centralised ) , because the problem can be delegated to local authorities , and because voters will think that government is taking action , without realising that that action focuses mainly on them .
In the meantime we do not even have precise figures on what business and industry are doing with their waste .
A hotchpotch of commercial waste companies around the UK gather up rubbish in a hotchpotch way and get rid of it … well , we do n't really know that either .
It 's been three years since Defra published their waste strategy , and they still have n't got their heads around this one central problem – how to find out where the rubbish is coming from and going to .
In fact , even household waste can , to some extent , be laid at the doors of our industrial and business sectors .
Who produces the labyrinths of packaging that we throw away every week ?
Who puts the kiwis into little , individual nests on the supermarket shelf ?
Now what has the government done about this ?
The answer , you 'll be surprised to hear , is not a huge amount , because they 're worried , as usual , that forcing companies to clean up after themselves may stop them from growing .
There is an obligation of " producer responsibility " , but most companies deal with this at the moment by paying the waste company that takes their rubbish away to recycle it , rather than reducing waste during the production process which is what we desperately need to be looking at now .
Similarly the government has held back from passing regulations to reduce packaging or plastic bags , preferring to go the voluntary route , which is slower , and much much less effective .
There are signs that business leaders are beginning to realise that cutting back on waste could save them some money .
According to one analyst , " waste minimisation " is one of 2010 's buzz - phrases , which is a good sign .
But relying on businesses to deal with this all by themselves seems like a slow and nervous way of taking action .
And in the meantime councils are apparently inspecting my binbags and tutting over the empty toothpaste tubes .
Licence to landfill , anyone ?
There have been rumors that the first volley of BlackBerry 6 - powered devices could launch as early as last month -- but seeing how we 're still empty - handed , we may as well enjoy more high production value video pimping the biggest new features , right ?
RIM has published another official YouTube spot on BlackBerry 6 today showing off goodies likes aggregated social network integration , universal search , and -- of course -- the all - new WebKit - based browser coming out of last year 's purchase of Torch Mobile .
Interestingly , this latest video continues RIM 's trend of showing 6 running only on full touchscreen phones ; we can't fathom that they 'd abandon the form factor that made them famous , of course , but it 's becoming more and more obvious by the day that we 're going to see this launch on the rumored 9800 or something very similar to it .
Follow the break for the full video .
Will the director of The Dark Knight rescue us from Hollywood 's summer of meh ?
Early reviews of Christopher Nolan 's Inception are out , and they promise a complex , thrilling movie .
Will it live up to the hype ?
Some spoilers ahead .
Advertisement
So basically we 'll round up what the reviewers said , in a spoiler - free fashion , and then at the bottom , we 'll summarize the spoilery bits .
So if you are one of those people who is frantically trying to avoid Inception spoilers , you 'll have a chance to jump off before we careen into spoiler - land .
UGO basically says it's one of the best movies of the year , an action film for intellectuals that sets a standard for all other Hollywood movies .
You may have to watch Transformers 2 afterwards , just to balance it out .
Advertisement
Variety calls it " commandingly clever , " and adds , " Even when its ambition occasionally outstrips its execution , Inception tosses off more ideas and fires on more cylinders than most blockbusters would have the nerve to attempt . "
Thompson on Hollywood calls it a strong Best Picture Oscar candidate , and calls it a " taut suspense thriller " as well as a moving love story .
It 's full of Kubrick homages and actually recalls the best of Kubrick 's work .
Empire Magazine 's Nev Pierce is one of a few reviewers to compare it to a James Bond movie , and says it 's like Charlie Kaufman 's take on 007 .
Awards
Daily says it 's easily one of the best pictures of the year , and maybe even of the decade .
Advertisement
AICN says it represents Nolan visually peaking , and " cinema does n't get much purer than Inception . "
InContention says , " Every single moment of Inception is more gripping than the last , " and it may solidify Nolan 's place among the modern masters of cinema .
Advertisement
JoBlo gives it 10 out of 10 and says you 'll be discussing and debating about the film for ages after watching it , until you feel compelled to see it again .
Advertisement
FilmSchoolRejects calls it the best big - budget film of the year so far , and adds : " Inception is what The Wachowskis wish the rest of The Matrix films after the first could have been . "
Cinematical says " Inception is nothing short of a stunning , spectacular , visionary achievement . "
Advertisement
HitFix says it's an exhilarating experience , but not really an action film .
Chud says , " Inception is a masterpiece . "
It barely even feels like a movie , it 's so immersive , and at times it feels like a miracle .
Advertisement
Box Office Magazine gushes , " A bold , inventive , audacious entertainment , Inception charts a new course for motion pictures and sets the bar very , very high . "
The Hollywood Reporter says that it's one of the most original movies of the year , and praises all the performances — but says that two and a half hours of tense situations and mind - bending complexity may leave you exhausted .
And you 'll have to see it three times to understand everything .
Advertisement
The one dissenting opinion comes from Coming Soon , which says Inception is an exceptional film .
" So how is it that Inception comes together as such a bore ? " Coming Soon blames a too - exposition - heavy screenplay and and flat , lifeless characters , and says it 's like a less - exciting mix of Solaris and On Her Majesty 's Secret Service .
Advertisement
So now that you 're in a lather of excitement about this film ( unless you choose to believe Coming Soon over all the other reviewers ) , are you ready for some pretty heavy - duty spoilers ?
Last chance to jump off , otherwise !
So as you 've no doubt heard , Dom Cobb ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) specializes in extraction , pulling secrets out of people 's dreams .
His point man is Arthur ( Joseph Gordon - Levitt ) .
Advertisement
Cobb is a broken man , and his dead wife Mal ( Marion Cotillard ) tends to show up in dreams and haunt him , screwing up his work .
This happens at the start of the film , when Cobb is leading an extraction mission inside the dreams of a wealthy businessman , Saito ( Ken Watanabe ) .
Saito is aware they 're all inside his subconscious .
We wind up with Mal holding a gun on Arthur , who gets killed in the dream and wakes up in reality — where he , Saito and Cobb are attached intravenously to a machine .
Back in the real world , Cobb and his team try to scatter to the four winds , but Saito catches up with them .
And it turns out the screwed up mission inside Saito 's head was just Saito's way of auditioning Cobb for a different assignment — going inside the dreams of Saito 's future rival Robert Fischer Jr. ( Cillian Murphy ) and planting an idea , instead of stealing one .
( That 's the " Inception " of the film 's title . )
Advertisement
Because he was accused of killing his wife , Cobb unable to go back to the United States , and he longs to go home and rejoin his two toddlers .
Saito offers him a chance to get his life back , if he can just pull off this difficult mission of planting an idea in Fischer 's mind .
Fischer is soon to be heir to his family 's company , and Saito wants Cobb to trick him into dissolving the company for " emotional " reasons .
To this end , Cobb hires an actual architect named Ariadne ( Ellen Page ) to design every street , room and building in the fake dream , so it looks real enough to deceive the dreamer .
In the process , he teaches her about his work , and she finds she can't resist the dream world .
Among other things , we learn the rules of the dream world , including the fact that time moves ten times as fast in a dream as in real life , and the dangers of layering dreams within dreams .
If you die in a dream , you wake up , but if you get lost in a deep - layer dream , your mind may never emerge intact .
At one point , it 's raining in a dream , and we 're told that 's because the dreamer did n't go to the bathroom before falling asleep .
Also , another dreamer 's " projections " may be adversarial and even dangerous .
Even though we learn the rules in detail , the film later breaks some of them or renders them irrelevant , in some surprising but logical twists .
Advertisement
Cobb also recruits other members of his dream team : Eames ( Tom Hardy ) , a " forger " who can shapeshift in the dream world , and Yusuf ( Dileep Rao ) a chemist who supplies the powerful sedative that puts Fischer and Cobb 's gang into the dream state .
Eventually , our heroes plunge inside Fischer 's mind , and get lost in the maze of chambers and antechambers .
Many of the dreams resemble action movies , natch .
There 's a huge snow - bound set piece filmed in Calgary , Canada .
Towards the end , there are no less than four different lines of action intercutting at once .
The stakes keep getting higher , and yet more personal at the same time .
Oh , and there 's no trick or twist ending — most of the answers are given to us in the very first scene .
As the film goes along , the ghost of Cobb 's wife becomes more and more dangerous , because of his repressed subconscious .
We realize as the film goes along that Cobb is keeping his emotions under wraps because he 's trying to guard his secrets , which eventually spill out .
Federal Opposition Leader Tony Abbott has rejected suggestions by Prime Minister Julia Gillard that the coalition and Labor have similar policies on dealing with asylum seekers .
The prime minister has attempted to neutralise the key election issue by saying there are ‘‘emerging points of agreement ’’ between both parties in terms of asylum seeker policy .
But Mr Abbott this morning said there were significant differences , adding that Ms Gillard was ‘‘ desperately trying to me too ’’ the coalition on border protection .
‘‘ To start with we will bring back temporary protection visas , ’’ Mr Abbott told Sky News .
‘‘ That is very , very important because people think that if they get here and are assessed as a refugee they ’ll have a permanent residency , they ’ll have a new life in Australia .
Hockey at the NHL level is a sport for the young , right ?
In order to view this page you need JavaScript and Flash Player 9 + support !
Well ... not always .
The number of younger players seems to rise every year , but that does n't mean there 's no place for players whose playoff beards include a few ( or more than a few ) gray hairs .
No club would want a roster full of graybeards , but there 's a sizeable contingent of over - 35 players who are more than capable of keeping up with the kids .
Even with the departures of older stars such as Scott Niedermayer , the NHL 's over - 35 club is alive and well .
Using the NHL 's postseason All - Star team format , here 's a look at the best of today 's oldies but goodies :
38 The winningest goaltender in NHL history shows no signs of slowing down .
All he did last season was lead the League in games ( 77 ) and minutes played ( 4,499 ) , wins ( 45 ) and shutouts ( 9 ) , while finishing third in goals - against average ( 2.24 ) and leading the New Jersey Devils to another Atlantic Division title .
Brodeur is at 602 wins and counting , and he added the NHL's all - time shutout record to his list of achievements last season .
Time will catch up to him someday -- but by the looks of it , that day is n't coming anytime soon .
35 The calendar says he 's 35 ( he turns 36 in the season 's first week ) , but Pronger , now with Philadelphia , is still one of the NHL 's elite defensemen .
With 10 goals and 55 points , he 's one of the top offensive contributors on the blue line , and at 6 - foot - 6 and 220 pounds , Pronger remains a physical force as well .
Had the Flyers won the Stanley Cup , Pronger was likely the front - runner for the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP.40
The best news the Detroit Red Wings received after being eliminated from the playoffs is that Lidstrom will return for another season .
Though he was n't a postseason All - Star in 2009 - 10 , Lidstrom became a member of the 1,000 - point club and was captain of a team that rallied from an injury - riddled first four months of the season to make the second round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs .
At 40 , he still moves the puck better than almost any other NHL defenseman and put up 40 assists and 49 points while going plus - 22.35
One of the first things Steve Yzerman did after becoming GM of the Lightning was to get St. Louis ' name on a four - year contract extension -- hardly standard operating procedure for a 35 - year - old .
But St. Louis is no ordinary 35 - year - old :
He 's coming off a 29 - goal , 94 - point season that earned him a Second - Team All - Star berth .
St. Louis is still among the NHL 's elite and figures to be a key to the Lightning 's rebuilding efforts under their new general manager .
37Ottawa 's captain turns 38 in December -- and by then , he should be among the newest members of the NHL's 1,000 - point club ; Alfredsson begins the new season with 992 , all with the Senators .
Even at age 37 , Alfredsson averaged a point a game ( 71 in 70 games played ) and has had 70 or more points for nine consecutive seasons .
He holds virtually every Ottawa scoring record and is likely to run up those totals for some time to come .
36 Brunette has been a consistent point producer since entering the NHL 15 years ago , and he 's showing no signs of slowing down as he approaches his 37th birthday on Aug. 24 .
All he did last season was tie for the team lead in goals ( 25 ) and finish second in points ( 61 ) , his highest totals in both categories since 2006 - 07 .
Brunette has never been flashy , but he 's consistently productive ( 238 goals and 660 points in 950 games ) and does the job regardless of the role he 's asked to play .
40
Why were the Islanders much - improved in 2009 - 10 after finishing last in the overall standings a year earlier ?
Much of the credit goes to Roloson , who does n't seem to be slowing down as he prepares to turn 41 in October .
Roloson went 23 - 18 - 7 with the underpowered Islanders and put on perhaps the best goaltending show of the season when he made 58 saves in a 4 - 3 overtime win at Toronto .
He still looks -- and plays -- younger than his years .
Honorable mention : Tim Thomas 36 ( Boston ) 36 How good is Gonchar ?
The Ottawa Senators were happy to sign him to a three - year , $ 16.5 million contract despite his age .
Gonchar missed 20 games last season but was brilliant while he was on the ice , scoring 11 goals and finishing with 50 points in just 62 games .
He 's still an excellent quarterback on the power play and figures to give a big lift to an Ottawa blue line that needs a leader .
36 To play defense at the NHL level when you 're 5 - 10 and less than 200 pounds , you have to be skilled and smart .
That 's a perfect description of Rafalski , who put up 8 goals and 42 points for the Wings last season while finishing plus - 23 .
Like Lidstrom , his running mate , he 's smart , a good skater and very hard to hit cleanly , meaning that he should have a few more productive NHL seasons in his future .
Kimmo Timonen ( Philadelphia ) , 35 ; Adrian Aucoin , 37 ( Phoenix ) 38 The former stickboy for the Edmonton Oilers is heading for the desert this fall after five productive seasons in Carolina -- including a 21 - goal , 58 - point effort in 2009 - 10 .
Whitney has enjoyed the majority of his success since turning 30 and is coming off three consecutive 20 - goal seasons since turning 35 -- not bad for a guy who did n't break the 20 - goal mark until after his 26th birthday .
35 New Jersey 's captain is a better scorer at 35 ( he reaches the milestone on July 24 ) than he was at 25 .
Langenbrunner had a career - high 42 assists last season to go along with 19 goals for 61 points , the third time in the last four seasons he 's reached the 60 - point mark after never scoring more than 55 points in his first 10 NHL seasons .
He owns two Stanley Cup rings and is one of the NHL 's best two - way players .
35 The former Montreal captain took to his new home in Anaheim like , well a Duck .
After overcoming some early injury problems Koivu finished with solid offensive numbers : 19 goals ( 6 game - winners ) and 52 points in 71 games as Anaheim 's No. 2 center .
The Ducks brought him back for 2010 - 11 and have no reason to doubt he can equal or better those numbers .
Teemu Selanne 40 ( Anaheim ) ; Steve Sullivan , 36 ( Nashville )
Bigot Rush Limbaugh took Keith 's top honors on the Worst Persons list for this bit of blatant racism .
Limbaugh : " If Obama Were n't Black He'd Be a Tour Guide in Honolulu " :
Rush Limbaugh joined other right - wing media figures in freaking out over a remark by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden during a recent interview with Al Jazeera .
In discussing Obama 's efforts to improve Muslim outreach , Bolden said that Obama " wanted me to find a way to reach out to the Muslim world and engage much more with dominantly Muslim nations to help them feel good about their historic contribution to science ... and math and engineering . "
Rush used this noncontroversial comment to attack the Obama administration while simultaneously stating that " most of these claims about Muslim contributions to science and math are myths . "
Rush then took some time to race - bait Obama supporters and the liberal media .
He said that Obama " would n't have been voted president if he were n't black , " adding , " If Obama were n't black he'd be a tour guide in Honolulu . "
Rush also accused the liberal media of wanting the GOP to fire Michael Steele " so they can ... write about the Republicans firing a black guy . "
Read on ...
UPDATE : And there 's this from Digby on Limbaugh :
I 'm awfully glad that racism is no longer mainstream on the right anymore or this man might have the most popular radio show in the country with 25 million listeners a week .
Or this absurdity of a scandal trumped up by a GOP hitman might be breathlessly discussed by Republican operatives as the " sleeper issue for the 2010 midterms . "
Thank goodness we do n't have to worry about that anymore .
Yeah , thank goodness .
Heaven forbid people might think Republicans were still following Lee Atwater 's playbook in this day and age or that we might still have some problems with our DOJ continuing to be politicized from Bush holdovers that have n't been fired yet .
Runners up were Glenn Beck for going after Will Bunch for making money off of his Beck University that Susie told us about on Friday .
And next on Keith 's list was wingnut Rep.
Steve King for lying and claiming that Obama refused to wave the Jones Act which Think Progress took apart in this post Promising ‘ Well - Informed Truth , ’ Steve King Says Obama Not Helping LA On Oil Spill Because Jindal Is A Republican .
Here ’s your Tuesday “ Oh my god ” video , of a “ science teacher ” ( I use the term loosely ) in Dayton , Tennessee , explaining how he gives a “ fair shake ” to both Creationism and evolution ( AKA “ science ” ) in his classroom , spliced in with classroom comments from his students .
My favorite one is the guy at the end who says :
How can like an African - American person evolve from a white person ?
We ’re different skin .
( h/t Pharyngula )
We ’re different skeeeeeeeeeeinn .
Wow .
I ca n’t even begin to unpack the utter disregard for education shown by everyone in this video who is n’t the narrator , and I do n’t have time , so I wo n’t try .
What does this have to do with gay rights or the Religious Right ?
Nothing except , oh , the obvious link between this sort of third world quality education and adults who vote to take away LGBT rights .
The crimson - clad old man with the nose ring tries to tell us that he has n't eaten or drunk anything since the goddess Ambaji touched his tongue with her finger .
That must have been around the time of the outbreak of the second world war .
As there are few things so well established as the biological law no human ( and no animal ) can survive without the regular intake of food and water , it may be sensible to approach his claim with a degree of scepticism .
It is not usually very difficult to expose such characters ; I have done it in several cases .
But Prahlad Jani has some influential protectors .
Dr Sudhir Shah , neurologist and head of Ahmedabad 's Sterling hospital , propelled the silly story of Prahlad Jani into the limelight .
In a sensational " scientific " research project , he and his team subjected him between 22 April and 6 May to observation and medical scrutiny .
This project is financed and supervised by the Indian defence institute of physiology and allied sciences ( Dipas ) , a wing of the defence research and development organisation .
The public figurehead of the study is Dipas director Govindasamy Ilavazhagan , who seems to share Shah 's enthusiasm for the case .
Jointly , the gentlemen were reported to have confirmed that Jani did not eat a crumb and – more crucially – did not drink a single drop of water during his 15 days under observation – which seems completely impossible .
Can scientists be so gullible as to salute a man who claims to turn the basic laws of biology upside down ?
Did they close their eyes ( and the non-stop CCTV camera ) when Jani quenched his thirst ?
There is no doubt that the " total surveillance " had loopholes and the " great scientific test " was a farce .
While the test was running , I exposed some of those loopholes in a live programme on India TV : an official video clip revealed that Jani would sometimes move out of the CCTV camera 's field of view ; he was allowed to receive devotees and could even leave the sealed test room for a sun bath ; his regular gargling and bathing activities were not sufficiently monitored and so on .
I demanded an opportunity to check the test set - up with an independent team of rationalist experts .
There was no immediate reaction from Ahmadabad .
But a sudden call from Sterling hospital invited me – live on TV – to join the test the next day itself .
Early morning , ready to fly to Gujarat , we were informed that we had to wait for the permission of the " top boss " of the project .
Needless to say : this permission never came .
Similarly , we were unable to attend Shah 's first Jani test in November 2003 ( that was financed by Dipas too ) .
Shah has a long record of conducting these studies , which up till now have never been discussed in any scientific journal .
They merely try to prove his strange sunshine theory : that humans can stop eating and drinking and switch to " other energy sources , sunlight being one " .
Prahlad Jani is not Shah 's first poster child .
In 2000 /2001 , he tested one Hira Manek for more than a year and confirmed his claim that he was feeding on sunshine only ( and sometimes a little water ) .
The idea that Shah 's research was investigated by Nasa and the University of Pennsylvania was officially denied by both the misrepresented parties .
Shah is a deeply religious Jain .
As the president of the Indian Jain Doctors ' Federation ( JDF ) , he proposes that via research , the still imperfect science of medicine is to be brought in line with the Jainist ' " super - science " as revealed by the omniscient Lord Mahavir .
We can only wonder whether his researcher eyes are sometimes clouded by religious zeal .
Interestingly , many members of his team are Jains and his partner in the Manek test was a former president of JDF too .
Shah has also suggested this phenomenon might have potential " military use " .
And – what a shame !
– the Indian defence ministry took the bait .
Can they really be so naive as to consider putting the army on sunshine diet ?
We are trying to find out .
For the last weeks I have been working hard to get the revised edition of WR&M done .
The revised edition is currently 38 - pages long , contains a lot of small fixes and clarifications and a couple of optional rules that gamemasters can use to personalize your game further .
Non-human races are now supported and there are now rules for mounted combat and vehicles .
After a successful playtest session on Saturday ( which was overshadowed by my cat Kobold falling out of the window and running away ) , the book is now almost ready for release .
When everything works as planned , the all new WR&M book should be out before Gen Con .
In order to give you some hint at the style of the upcoming book , check out this sample character I ’ve created :
During the week I will probably reveal more about this project , so stay tuned !
The harvesting of over 100,000 iPad 3G owners ' e-mail addresses was not a hack or a classic data breach , but a brute - force attack of a minor feature AT&T offered to Apple customers , experts said Wednesday .
According to New York - based Praetorian Security Group , which obtained a copy of the PHP script used to scrape e-mail addresses from AT&T 's servers , the attack succeeded because the mobile carrier used poorly designed software .
A nine - person hacking group known as Goatse Security claimed responsibility for the script , which amassed 114,000 e-mail addresses .
" There 's no hack , no infiltration , and no breach , just a really poorly - designed Web application that returns e-mail address when ICC - ID is passed to it , " Praetorian said in a late Wednesday entry on its security blog .
An ICC - ID ( Integrated Circuit Card Identifier ) is the unique number assigned to each SIM card .
A mobile device 's SIM stores information that identifies the specific wireless customer to his or her carrier .
The iPad 3G contains a SIM card .
AT&T confirmed the nature of the attack to technology blog Gizmodo .
Gawker , Gizmodo 's parent Web site , first reported the e-mail harvesting Wednesday .
The script Praetorian made public was a " brute - force attack , " according to AT&T 's chief security officer Ed Amoroso , who spoke with Gizmodo .
When iPad 3G owners sign up for wireless data service with AT&T , the carrier detects the SIM's 19 - digit ICC - ID -- essentially a serial number -- then asks for a contact e-mail address .
AT&T uses the e-mail address to populate one of two log - in fields in the iPad 's settings screen so that the user has to enter only a password to check his or her account status .
That same e-mail address was what the script harvested .
E-mail addresses apparently belonging to New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and top executives at Dow Jones , The New York Times Co. and Time Warner were among those collected .
AT&T turned off access to the feature Tuesday and apologized to customers in a statement it issued Wednesday .
It also said that only e-mail addresses linked to each ICC - ID , not financial information or other personal data , was snatched from its servers .
AT&T did not respond to a request for further comment late Wednesday .
The disclosure of iPad owners ' e-mail addresses was the second embarrassing story linked to Apple published by Gawker Media since April .
Two months ago , Gizmodo published photographs and an analysis of an iPhone prototype that it had bought from a California man who found it in a bar .
Gizmodo was later denied a press pass to Apple CEO Steve Jobs ' keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference , where he introduced the already familiar - looking iPhone 4 on June 7 .
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft , security issues , Apple , Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld .
Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer , or subscribe to Gregg 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is gkeizer@ix.netcom.com .
Australia 's largest producer of small goods has been slapped with a record fine for labelling 100 tonnes of bacon from overseas as " Product of Australia " .
Primo SmallGoods meat processing plant in Chullora , in Sydney 's west , is the largest of its kind in the southern hemisphere .
Its abattoir in Port Wakefield , South Australia processes more than 10,000 pigs a week for domestic and overseas markets .
A magistrate in Sydney 's Downing Centre Court today handed down a fine of $ 237,575 to Primo plus $ 200,000 in costs for mislabelling Danish and Canadian bacon products as Australian .
NSW Primary Industries Minister Steve
Whan said irrespective of the origin of the meat consumers should get what they pay for .
Arizona 's controversial crackdown on illegal immigration has been in the spotlight , but hundreds of other new state laws take effect Thursday on subjects ranging from concealed weapons to alcohol sales .
Thursday is the " general effective date " � 90 days after the end of the legislative session � when legislation enacted takes effect , unless specified otherwise .
For example , legislation to allow the sale and use of sparklers and other " consumer grade " fireworks that shoot sparks but do n't explode wo n't take effect until Dec. 1 .
And a new law changing Arizona 's performance labels for public schools to letter grades wo n't take effect until August 2011 .
Text by Associated Press ; photos by AP , The Arizona Republic and Getty Images .
Loading list ...
The Federal Communications Commission has finally approved the first 4G Long Term Evolution ( LTE ) phone for sale in the US .
Though the first LTE handset will be available through MetroPCS , the FCC has now opened the door for other LTE devices , including those for Verizon 's in - testing LTE network .
The Samsung SCH - r900 will be the first LTE phone to market in the US , which MetroPCS hopes to launch " this summer " according to InformationWeek .
We 're still mostly in the dark as to where MetroPCS plans to build out its LTE network ( the company said earlier this year that it was targeting a number of metro markets , but only named Las Vegas ) , but regardless , it looks like Sprint will soon have to share the 4G limelight .
One company that has been keeping the world slightly more up - to - date with its LTE buildout plans is Verizon .
The carrier is already testing its network in Seattle and Boston , with around 30 more markets expected by the end of the year .
Those markets , according to rumors from Engadget , include a number of airports , Chicago , Los Angeles , New York , and Philadelphia .
Verizon apparently plans to make its first commercially available LTE devices laptop data cards , but the question many have been asking is whether Verizon 's LTE rollout could hail the launch of the Verizon iPhone .
In addition to rampant rumors of a possible January release , Ars has heard from someone in the know that Verizon is already testing an LTE iPhone in Boston and that the official launch is dependent upon the mass expansion of the carrier 's 4G network .
We hear an announcement could come as soon as September ( a month when Apple traditionally holds an event to introduce new iPods ) , but we 're still filing this one in the rumor category .
If you 're looking for a primer on LTE technology , check out our recent feature on the state of 4G .
I knew when they announced the escalation it was going to be a disaster .
I 've been very angry about it and have posted diaries speaking out against it and deleted them in anger because of the indifference of everyone here in general .
The IGTNT diaries I see here daily are disturbing .
Obama announced the bad decision and everyone just accepted it from what I 've read here , I know that may be a blanket statement but when I see people pushing for Elizabeth Warren to get some job and asking for involvement it becomes a farce .
What about the body count Dailykos ?
Thankfully we have good people in the Senate like Grayson and Feingold and Kerry and others who have been speaking up and questioning this crazy open ended occupation with ambiguous goals .
Listening to Rachel interview Holbrooke made me angry .
I just do n't buy the administrations story .
Holbrooke :
We 're in Afghanistan because it really matters .
We 're in Afghanistan because if we fail in Afghanistan , it will have a direct , immediate danger to us .
It will increase al - Qaeda 's worldwide reach .
They will come back with the Taliban in all likelihood , and they will gain a worldwide success which will be very dangerous for our national security interests .
So we have to be clear .
The American public needs to be clear on why we 're in Afghanistan .
This is not Vietnam , a war which I participated in as a State Department civilian in the lower Mekong Delta when I entered the government .
This is not the Balkans .
It 's not Iraq .
This is quite different , and this one relates directly to our safety at home .
RM : But we tried to do counterinsurgency in Vietnam , too , pretty explicitly .
...
When you look back at those efforts , all those years ago , do you really have confidence that a foreign country can help create a state somewhere else , that we really can stand up an Afghan government ?
Holbrooke : I think we can if we do it right .
. . .
The fundamental difference is the one you and I just already mentioned .
It matters to our homeland security .
Vietnam did not , although at the time , the administrations in power did say it did , but they were wrong .
...
It 's a process which is not easy , and you only embark on it if you decide that it is absolutely critical for the U.S. national interests , which it is .
http://maddowblog.msnbc.msn.com/...
Lots of ifs from Mr. Holbrooke and the military leaders Rachel interviewed .
Lots of speculation .
Besides the fact they have admitted there are almost no al - Qaeda IN the damn country at this point anyway , I do n't see how this down right crazy counter insurgency plan has any chance of working , they have already seen the harsh reality in Marja , the Taliban just quit fighting and left , waiting for the opportunity to come back or most likely just regrouping and redirecting their efforts elsewhere .
Throw another 30 billion and more American lives at it while the Taliban play games .
So this is what we face , endless body bags for the next year , no clear military goal , billions of dollars ending up in the hands of war lords and corrupt government officials , on and on and on .
Frankly the entire thing makes me ill .
How many have to die before Americans realize the futility of this occupation ?
Another thousand gone with nothing tangible to win ?
2 thousand ?
It 's going to get very bad in Kandahar in the next month , and these men and women do not have to DIE .
All they are doing is getting Americans killed .
Politicians have made their choice and it is a disaster .
This can't continue .
Bundesliga outfit Schalke have agreed a two - year contract with Spanish striker Raul .
Spanish striker opts for German challenge
Exceptional
Bundesliga outfit Schalke have agreed a two - year contract with Spanish striker Raul .
The experienced frontman is available on a free transfer having broken ties with Primera Liga giants Real Madrid .
He has spent his entire career to date at Santiago Bernabeu , breaking numerous records and securing legendary status during his time in the Spanish capital .
The time has come for a change , though , and he bid farewell to Real at an emotional press conference on Monday .
Raul revealed then that he had offers from Germany and England to consider , but has now come to a decision .
Schalke have been tracking the 33 - year - old for some time , ever since it became apparent that he would be on the move this summer , and the lure of UEFA Champions League football has worked in their favour .
They struck a deal with Raul on Tuesday evening and coach Felix Magath admits he is excited by the prospect of working with one of the greats of the modern game .
" This is great news for Schalke , " Magath told the club's .
" I am pleased that we have succeeded in signing such an exceptional footballer and world - class striker .
" His qualities will help us .
His commitment will be crucial in our efforts to strengthen the squad for future success .
" I look forward to working with a model professional . "
Gee , I wonder if Greta Van Susteren will ask Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer about this the next time she comes on her show fear mongering about Arizona 's illegal immigration problem ?
Seems she has some advisers that have lobbying ties to the private prison industry .
Color me not shocked .
From KPHO -5 , Phoenix , AZ :
Hotel Owners : Ariz .
Politicians Scaring Tourists - Private Prisons Might Gain From New Immigration Law :
Between the economy and boycotts related to Arizona ’s tough new immigration law , SB 1070 , tourism in the state is down 10 percent .
They said state politicians are not helping matters .
Just flip on cable news , and you ’re likely to see an anchor or reporter talking about an invasion at the border , or headless bodies in the desert , or a rash of kidnappings .
During this election cycle , Arizona politicians have touted the potential danger of illegal immigration .
Gov. Jan Brewer is one of the loudest voices .
She has made several statements to the national media , the validity of which CBS 5 Investigates could not confirm .
The governor told one media outlet that almost all illegal immigrants are bringing drugs across the border .
U.S. Border Patrol officials said that statement is false .
Brewer also said law enforcement officials have found decapitated bodies in the desert .
Calls to all of Arizona ’s border county medical examiners revealed no decapitated bodies have been reported to them .
A look at data from the FBI shows crime in Arizona is actually down .
Murders in Phoenix have dropped by 50 percent since 2003 .
The violent crime rate across the state has dropped every year since at least 2004 .
Even the number of illegal border crossers is down .
Border Patrol numbers show they are arresting half as many illegal immigrants as they did in 2004 . [...]
In the meantime , a CBS 5 investigation revealed that there is one business that could gain from the implementation of SB 1070 and similar immigration measures .
The private prison industry houses illegal immigrant detainees for the federal government .
Those companies could gain contracts with state and local agencies to house illegal immigrants arrested for state violations .
Corrections Corporation of America , or CCA , holds the federal contract to house detainees in Arizona .
The company bills $ 11 million per month .
CBS 5 Investigates has learned that two of Brewer ’s top advisers have connections to CCA .
Paul Senseman is the governor ’s deputy chief of staff .
He is also a former lobbyist for CCA .
His wife is listed as a current lobbyist for the company .
Chuck Coughlin is one of the governor ’s policy advisers and her campaign chairman .
Coughlin ’s company , HighGround Public Affairs Consultants , currently lobbies for CCA .
CCA issued the following statement to CBS 5 Investigates :
“ CCA , unequivocally , did not at any time lobby - nor did we have any outside consultants lobby - anyone in Arizona on the immigration law .
Nor are we proposing to house detainee immigrants as a result of SB 1070 .
We currently have no contracts with the State or any counties .
CCA very proudly does have a presence in Arizona , as we own and operate 6 correctional facilities , employing more than 2,500 Arizona residents .
These contracts are with other state and federal jurisdictions . ”
Meanwhile , at Rancho de la Osa , Richard and Veronica Schultz said they do n’t know much about the motives behind the politicians making alarming statements about the border .
Read on ...
An Australian businesswoman says her New York husband was a Wizard of Oz who duped her into marrying him .
In a $ 1 million Manhattan Supreme Court lawsuit , Diane Smith - Gander says she met James Sias on a Colorado ski trip in 1995 , and they became romantically involved .
The successful businesswoman says she told Sias she only wanted a relationship with someone who had a successful career , and who ’d never been married before nor had kids .
Sias told her that he was just the man — he had a successful law practice and had never been married before , the suit says .
They tied the knot in 1997 , and after they bounced around between Australia , Washington and New York — with Smith Gander paying their bills — he filed for divorce three years ago , the suit says .
At a deposition in their divorce case this past spring , Sias admitted he ’d lied about his law career , that he ’d been married twice before and had kids — and he apparently used Smith - Gander ’s cash to pay $ 30,000 in back child support , the suit says .
She ’s suing for money damages , including the cash she ’s spent on their divorce since they should n’t have been married in the first place .
Sias could not be reached and his divorce lawyer did not return a call for comment .
It ’s been a while since I wrote here .
Today I sat down to try out the relatively new JHC – Haskell compiler created by John Meacham .
After some trivial steps I got it compiled & installed in ~/ localopt / jhc - 0.7.5 / .
It worked out of the box .
This compiler has a very interesting property : it compiles Haskell code to Ansi C .
It can be processed afterwards by any way you want : cross -compiled by gcc or made into shared library .
I found the latter to be pretty simple .
The plan is as follows :
Create Haskell module and use “ foreign export ” in the file .
Compile it with - fffi and dump C code ( - dc ) .
Use dumped code and a prepared template to compile shared library
Simple and clean .
First let ’s create a simple Haskell module with single function “ adder ” and empty “ main ” function .
import Foreign
import Foreign .
C
foreign export ccall " adder " adder :: CInt -> CInt ->
CInt
adder x y = x + y
main :: IO ()
main = return ()
We will also need library initialization code .
Let ’s put it into some known directory , like ~/ localopt / jhc-0.7.5/shared/library_init_template.c.
# define CAT ( a , b) XCAT ( a , b)
# define XCAT ( a , b) a ## b
# define STR( a ) XSTR ( a )
# define XSTR(a ) #a
extern void CAT ( __stginit_ , MODULE ) ( void ) ;
static void library_init ( void ) __attribute__ ( ( constructor ) ) ;
static void
library_init ( void )
{
static char * argv [ ] = { STR ( MODULE ) " .so " , 0 } , ** argv_ = argv ;
static int argc = 1 ;
hs_init ( &argc , &argv_ ) ;
if ( jhc_setjmp ( & jhc_uncaught ) )
jhc_error ( " Uncaught Exception " ) ;
}
static void library_exit ( void ) __attribute__ ( ( destructor ) ) ;
static void
library_exit ( void )
{
hs_exit ( ) ;
}
Now we can compile the Haskell code :
jhc - fffi - fjgc adder_ffi.hs -o adder.bin -dc
The code will be written to file “ adder.bin_code.c ” .
We will use it along with the library template above .
touch adder_lib.c
cat adder.bin_code.c >> adder_lib.c
cat ~/ localopt/jhc-0.7.5/shared/library_init_template.c >> adder_lib.c
Now we can compile it to the shared library .
The only thing we need to remember are two macros : - DMODULE=ADDER sets module name in our template , and - D_JHC_STANDALONE=0 disables default main in adder_lib.c .
There are also a few default options as used by JHC .
gcc -DMODULE=ADDER -D_JHC_STANDALONE=0 - fPIC - shared - Wl , - soname,libadder.so.1 '- std=gnu99 ' - D_GNU_SOURCE '- falign-functions=4 ' - ffast - math - Wextra - Wall - Wno-unused - parameter -o libadder .so. 1 adder_lib.c - DNDEBUG - O3 '- D_JHC_GC=_JHC_GC_JGC '
Now a simple test program :
#include
int adder ( int x2,int x3 ) ;
int main ( )
{
printf ( " %d
" , adder ( 3,4 ) ) ;
return 0 ;
}
gcc - Wl , -rpath=`pwd` libadder.so.1 test_adder .c -o test_adder
./test_adder
7
It works !
We can wrap all needed commands into simple script ( this is zsh syntax , but bash should be similar or even the same ) :
jhc - shared - lib ( ) {
jhc - fffi - fjgc $ 1.hs -o $ 1.bin -dc
rm -f $ 1_lib.c
touch $ 1_lib.c
cat $ 1.bin_code.c >> $ 1_lib.c
cat ~/ localopt/jhc-0.7.5/shared/library_init_template.c >> $ 1_lib.c
gcc -D_GNU_SOURCE -DMODULE=ADDER
-D_JHC_STANDALONE=0 \
- fPIC - shared - Wl , - soname , lib$ 1.so.1 \
'- std=gnu99 ' '- falign-functions=4 ' - ffast - math \
- Wextra - Wall - Wno-unused - parameter \
- o lib$ 1.so.1 $ 1_lib.c - DNDEBUG - O3 '- D_JHC_GC=_JHC_GC_JGC
'
}
Invoke it like this :
jhc -shared - lib adder
JHC looks like a lot of fun .
Even if it does n’t support all possible extensions to Haskell it does play really well with C compilers .
Share this : Print
Email
Reddit
Facebook
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in haskell
Tags : ffi , functional programming , haskell , jhc , linux
They became instant war heroes by foiling a suicide bomber trying to sneak into US soldiers ’ quarters in Afghanistan , and as a reward , they ’re getting homes — and lots of doggie treats .
Three stray mutts — Rufus , Target and Sasha — were living near Sgt. Chris Duke and other US troops on a remote military base in Afghanistan on Feb. 22 when they spotted the bomber outside a building where 50 soldiers were sleeping .
Rufus bit the Taliban terrorist on the leg as Target and Sasha barked furiously .
Several soldiers — unaware of the imminent danger — tried shouting down the mutts .
But the dogs continued barking , spooking the bomber into prematurely setting off 24 pounds of C4 explosives before he could get through the door — and killing himself .
Rufus and Target were seriously wounded .
Tragically , Sasha died .
“ There is n’t a doubt in my mind [ that the dogs ] saved my life , ” said Duke , who was wounded by shrapnel — and is now adopting Rufus .
Five soldiers , including Duke , were evacuated for medical treatment after the blast .
But Duke , a National Guardsman , eventually returned to the base near the Pakistan border and nursed Rufus back to health .
It was the least he could do , he said .
When Duke was homesick , Rufus picked up his spirits .
And when Duke stood watch , Rufus hunkered down beside him .
But Duke said he never thought he would see his canine pal again after finally returning stateside in March .
That ’s when several nonprofit groups got involved .
“ The dogs and the soldiers bonded in such a way that it would be a travesty to leave [ the dogs ] behind to fend for themselves in a war - torn area and the soldiers never knowing what happened to them , ” said Robert Misseri , of Robert ’s Cause , a nonprofit animal - advocacy group .
“ It ’s our mission to help these soldiers . ”
Another good Samaritan , Anna Canaan , 23 , whose fiancé , Christopher Chiasson , is a soldier currently stationed at the same Afghan outpost in the Dand aw Patan district , created the Puppy Mission Rescue Facebook page to help the dogs .
Today , Rufus arrives in Manhattan before flying to Augusta , Ga. , where he will spend the rest of his years with Duke and his wife , who is pregnant .
Target , being flown out at the same time , will live in Phoenix with the Army medic who saved her life .
cynthia.fagen@nypost.com
( CNN ) --
The organizer of a German music festival announced Sunday that the Love Parade has been disbanded after more than 19 people were killed in a stampede .
Rainer Schaller said the festival , which began in 1989 , has been canceled " out of respect for the victims , their families and friends ...
The Love Parade has always been a peaceful event and a joyous celebration , which will now forever be overshadowed by the tragic deaths yesterday . "
The death toll from the stampede at the festival is at 19 , police in Duisburg , Germany , said Sunday .
Duisburg 's Senior Mayor Adolf Sauerland said 340 festival goers were injured Saturday when chaos broke out at the " Love Parade 2010 . "
Police have said as many as 400 were injured .
The deadly crush happened in an underpass between the main event site and the expansion area .
Witnesses told CNN affiliate NTV that people pushed into the tunnel from both sides until it was dangerously overcrowded .
The panic began as festival - goers began to lose consciousness as they were crushed against the walls and each other .
Detlef von Schmeling , police president of Duisburg , said 16 of the dead did not die in the tunnel , but at the entrance ramp .
Authorities have identified the victims as 11 women and eight men .
Eleven of the victims are from Germany and the remaining eight hail from Australia , the Netherlands , China , Italy , Bosnia - Herzegovina and Spain .
The senior mayor said the city had put in place a " solid security plan " and must now begin an investigation into why the incident occurred .
" The Love Parade was supposed to be a peaceful and joyful festival for young people from the region and beyond , " Sauerland said .
" Now this event must unfortunately be considered to be one of the great tragedies in the contemporary history of the city .
I am deeply shaken . "
Carsten Lueb of NTV said some 1.4 million people showed up at the popular festival , which features dozens of DJs spinning techno music for hours .
Organizers expected only 700,000 to 800,000 attendees , so they opened an additional event site to accommodate more people .
The numbers are disputed by police who say the area can hold between 250,000 and 350,000 and at no time was filled to capacity .
After the panic , a line of emergency vehicles , including helicopters , could be seen parked on the highway leading to the festival site , carrying away people injured in the crush .
The festival itself , however , went on .
Police were afraid that ending the music altogether could cause further unrest among the massive crowd .
Witnesses also told NTV that police were warned at least an hour before the incident that the underpass was becoming dangerously crowded .
NTV reported that there were 1,400 police officers on hand to monitor the event .
Detlef von Schmeling , Police President Duisburg , said more than 4,000 police officers provided security for the event .
Police are investigating how it came to a back - up in the underpass .
One additional entrance way had been opened before the accident to relieve some of the pressure .
The festival was supposed to take place from 2 p.m. to midnight ( 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET ) .
By the evening , the entrance and adjacent roadway remained closed .
Thousands inside the venue continued dancing , but many could be seen leaving the area .
CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .
The Track Team just announced that they will be the music team behind the forthcoming Avatar The Legend of Korra in the article : The Track Team to Score The Legend of Korra
The Track Team co-founded by Jeremy Zuckerman and Benjamin Wynn were the brilliant minds behind the original soundtrack of Avatar The Last Airbender , ( and as I hear it they also did some of the bending sounds ) .
So i’m pretty stoked to hear how the music for the next Avatar series will sound .
In an Interview with Jeremy Zuckerman I had a while back , he mentioned how many of the creators of Avatar we ’re being “ Thrown into the fire ” so to speak , meaning they were on a quest to prove themselves breaking new ground and new territory .
Now that they ’ve more than proven their skills I wonder how that will influence their work on this new series .
Nach Angriff auf " Freiheit statt Angst " - Demo : Rückschlag für die Polizei
Ein Demonstrant wurde von Polizisten verprügelt - und angezeigt .
Das Verfahren ist eingestellt .
Er hätte sich sogar wehren dürfen , erklärt die Staatsanwaltschaft .
BERLIN taz | Zwei Polizisten schlagen einen Demonstranten .
Damit nicht genug : Auch ein Verfahren wegen Widerstands hängen sie ihm an .
Doch die Polizei scheitert damit grandios .
Das Verfahren gegen den damals 37 - Jährigen wird nach neun Monaten eingestellt und die Staatsanwaltschaft gibt sogar zu : Der Mann hätte sich gegen die Polizeigewalt wehren dürfen .
12 . September 2009 : In Berlin demonstrieren Zehntausende gegen Datenspeicherung .
Die " Freiheit statt Angst " - Demo verläuft weitgehend friedlich .
Am Rande kommt es aber zu einem gewalttägigen Übergriff von Polizisten .
Noch am Abend macht ein Video im Internet die Runde , auf dem zu sehen ist , wie zwei Beamten einen Radfahrer - wegens seines T - Shirts später " Mann in blau " genannt - anscheinend grundlos attackieren und heftig ins Gesicht schlagen .
Weitere Videos tauchen auf .
Der Radfahrer erstattet Anzeige .
Die Polizisten erstatten Gegenanzeige , wegen Widerstandes gegen Vollstreckungsbeamte .
Die beiden Beamten behaupteten , der Mann in Blau sei durch Stören aufgefallen , habe Platzverweise erhalten und Widerstand geleistet .
Nach einem dreiviertel Jahr läuft das Verfahren gegen die Beamten noch , das gegen den " Mann in blau " wurde jetzt sang - und klanglos eingestellt .
Eine " Schweinerei " sei es , dass es so lange gedauert hat , sagt sein Rechtsanwalt Johannes Eisenberg .
Die Polizei habe einen Komplott geschmiedet , seinen Mandanten verleumdet .
" Dabei sind die Polizeibeamten knallharte Schläger , das sieht man in den Videos deutlich . "
Eisenberg spielte selbst den Ermittler und ließ vier Videos des Vorfalls mit zwei Polizeivideos synchronisieren .
Sie wurden nebeneinander gestellt , so dass das Geschehen gleichzeitig aus mehreren Perspektiven zu sehen ist .
Dabei wird deutlich : Der Verprügelte hat nicht gestört , keinen Widerstand geleistet , wurde nicht festgenommen .
Die Polizeigewalt war grundlos .
Bis diese Erkenntnis auch zur Staatsanwaltschaft durchdrang , dauerte es neun Monate .
" Hinweise auf aktiven Widerstand , den die vernommenen Beamten lediglich pauschal behaupten , lassen sich dem Video nicht entnehmen " , zitiert Eisenberg aus der Abschlusserklärung der Staatsanwaltschaft , mit der das Verfahren eingestellt wurde .
" Es gab für den Faustschlag in das Gesicht des Radfahrers keinen Grund " , heißt es weiter .
Daraus folgert die Staatsanwaltschaft schließlich Bemerkenswertes : " Er [ der Radfahrer , d. Red. ] hätte sich insoweit dieser Maßnahme im Weiteren auch ( straflos ) widersetzen dürfen . "
" Der Bürger darf sich gegen Polizeigewalt wehren , Gleiches mit Gleichem vergelten " , folgert Eisenberg .
Wenn sein Mandant körperlich in der Lage gewesen wäre , hätte er demnach zurückschlagen dürfen .
Folgt auch die Staatsanwaltschaft dieser Interpretation ?
" Kein Kommentar " , sagt Sprecher Martin Steltner .
Wie lange werde das Ermittlungsverfahren gegen die Polizeibeamten noch dauern ?
" Kein Kommentar " , so Steltner .
Inwieweit haben die Videos zur Einstellung des Verfahrens beigetragen ?
Auch dazu " kein Kommentar " vom Sprecher der Staatsanwaltschaft .
" Vor allem der Zusammenschnitt der Videos hat dazu beigetragen , dass die völlig entgegengesetzten Behauptungen der Polizeibeamten widerlegt wurden " , sagt Andy Müller - Maguhn , Vorstand des Chaos Computer Clubs , dessen Mitstreiter vor allem den Vorfall filmten .
" Wir hoffen , dass auch nicht - technikaffine Demoteilnehmer ermutigt werden , eine Kamera mitzunehmen und zu filmen " , so Müller - Maguhn .
Nicht nur im Falle einer Ermittlung könne das - wie der Fall zeige - sinnvoll sein .
" Vielleicht hat das ja auch präventive Wirkungen und ändert das Verhalten der Polizisten . "
Published online 13 July 2010 | Nature 466 , 302-303 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/466302a
News
Researchers claim outbreaks of unknown haemorrhagic illness are no threat to humans .
Japanese macaques are succumbing to a mystery disease .
Photolibrary.com
Scientists from Japan 's premier primate research centre are struggling to reassure the public that a mysterious illness killing their monkeys poses no threat to humans .
Almost a decade after it first appeared , scientists from Kyoto University 's Primate Research Institute ( PRI ) described the disease and their unsuccessful search for a cause in an online publication on 1 July and in a press release on 7 July .
But their account leaves other researchers hungry for details .
In the first outbreak to hit the PRI in Inuyama , near Nagoya , between July 2001 and July 2002 , seven Japanese macaques ( Macaca fuscata ) fell ill and six of them died from what the institute scientists provisionally call a ' haemorrhagic syndrome ' .
Symptoms included anorexia , lethargy , pallor and nasal haemorrhaging .
Autopsies revealed bleeding in the lungs and intestines .
Genetic , bacterial and toxicological tests failed to pinpoint a cause , and after the outbreak ran its course , operations at the institute returned to normal .
But between March 2008 and April 2010 , another 39 cases appeared in the same species .
Of those , 25 died of the disease and 13 were humanely killed .
Only one monkey survived each outbreak .
On 1 July , an institute committee set up after the second outbreak published its findings in the online version of the Japanese - language journal Primate Research ( Kyoto University Primate Research Institute Disease Control Committee Primate Res. 26 , 69 –71 ; 2010 ) .
The committee tested blood , faeces and tissues from the diseased monkeys for 6 bacteria and 16 viruses .
The tests , which included PCR analysis , turned up nothing that could explain the deaths .
François Villinger , director of pathology at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center in Atlanta , Georgia , says that Japanese laboratories tend to have excellent diagnostic capabilities : " Therefore I have confidence in the fact that the illness is probably not due to any of the known agents inducing haemorrhagic fevers . "
PRI director Tetsuro Matsuzawa spoke out against suggestions in the local media that the disease could spread to humans or other animals .
At the 7 July press conference , he stressed that none of the other primate species at the institute , which houses more than 1,200 animals from 13 species , including chimpanzees , marmosets and crab-eating macaques , has contracted the syndrome .
The humans who handled the monkeys also show no symptoms .
" I do n't like the headlines in the news media , " he says .
" We think that the haemorrhagic syndrome is due to a species - specific pathogen of the Japanese monkeys . "
Matsuzawa says that the institute did not publish its findings earlier because it feared causing panic in the wider population .
Cases are still occurring , but following the use of disinfectants and the isolation of sick monkeys , the pace has slowed to one case in May and one in June .
Matsuzawa is holding back some data for a more detailed future publication and would not answer Nature 's questions about whether his group is also probing possible environmental causes , which bacteria and viruses have been tested for , and what analysis of the two surviving monkeys has revealed .
ADVERTISEMENT
By screening the 790 remaining Japanese macaques for other viruses and bacteria and running genetic tests , Matsuzawa hopes to pin down the cause of the syndrome and to create a test for early diagnosis .
He says that he is looking for collaborators , and animal - pathogen researchers contacted by Nature are certainly eager to learn more about the illness .
Primate disease specialist Sonia Altizer of the University of Georgia in Athens wonders whether any of the animals were recently captured in the wild , where they could have picked up the infection , and whether animals were housed singly or in groups .
" Knowing the possible contacts between animals and the chronological pattern of illness or deaths might also help determine whether this was indeed an infectious agent , and the possible routes of transmission , " she says .
She also asks what measures the human workers were taking before the outbreaks to minimize transmission of infectious agents between monkeys and humans .
" Presumably there would be some pretty careful measures in place that would limit human exposure to any contaminant or pathogen , " she says , " so saying that humans are not susceptible to me seems premature . "
The Penn State inquiry exonerating Michael Mann -- the paleoclimatologist who came up with " the hockey stick " -- would be difficult to parody .
Three of four allegations are dismissed out of hand at the outset : the inquiry announces that , for " lack of credible evidence " , it will not even investigate them .
( At this , MIT 's Richard Lindzen tells the committee , " It 's thoroughly amazing .
I mean these issues are explicitly stated in the emails .
I 'm wondering what 's going on ? "
The report continues : " The Investigatory Committee did not respond to Dr Lindzen 's statement .
Instead , [ his ] attention was directed to the fourth allegation . " )
Moving on , the report then says , in effect , that Mann is a distinguished scholar , a successful raiser of research funding , a man admired by his peers -- so any allegation of academic impropriety must be false .
You think I exaggerate ?
This level of success in proposing research , and obtaining funding to conduct it , clearly places Dr. Mann among the most respected scientists in his field .
Such success would not have been possible had he not met or exceeded the highest standards of his profession for proposing research ...
Had Dr. Mann 's conduct of his research been outside the range of accepted practices , it would have been impossible for him to receive so many awards and recognitions , which typically involve intense scrutiny from scientists who may or may not agree with his scientific conclusions ...
Clearly , Dr. Mann 's reporting of his research has been successful and judged to be outstanding by his peers .
This would have been impossible had his activities in reporting his work been outside of accepted practices in his field .
In short , the case for the prosecution is never heard .
Mann is asked if the allegations ( well , one of them ) are true , and says no .
His record is swooned over .
Verdict : case dismissed , with apologies that Mann has been put to such trouble .
Further " vindication " of the Climategate emailers was to follow , of course , in Muir Russell 's equally probing investigation .
To be fair , Russell manages to issue a criticism or two .
He says the scientists were sometimes " misleading " -- but without meaning to be ( a plea which , in the case of the " trick to hide the decline " , is an insult to one 's intelligence ) .
On the apparent conspiracy to subvert peer review , it found that the " allegations can not be upheld " -- but , as the impressively even - handed Fred Pearce of the Guardian notes , this was partly on the grounds that " the roles of CRU scientists and others could not be distinguished from those of colleagues .
There was ' team responsibility ' . "
Edward Acton , vice - chancellor of the university which houses CRU , calls this " exoneration " .
I am glad to see The Economist , which I criticized for making light of the initial scandal , taking a balanced view of these unsatisfactory proceedings .
My only quarrels with its report are quibbles .
For instance , in the second paragraph it says :
The reports conclude that the science of climate is sound ...
Actually , they do n't , as the article 's last paragraph makes clear :
An earlier report on climategate from the House of Commons assumed that a subsequent probe by a panel under Lord Oxburgh , a former academic and chairman of Shell , would deal with the science .
The Oxburgh report , though , sought to show only that the science was not fraudulent or systematically flawed , not that it was actually reliable .
And nor did Sir Muir , with this third report , think judging the science was his job .
Like Pearce , The Economist rightly draws attention to the failure of the Russell inquiry to ask Phil Jones of the CRU whether he actually deleted any emails to defeat FoI requests .
It calls this omission " rather remarkable " .
Pearce calls it " extraordinary " .
Myself , I would prefer to call it " astonishing and indefensible " .
I do n't see how , having spotted this , the magazine can conclude that the report , overall , was " thorough , but it will not satisfy all the critics . "
( Well , the critics make such unreasonable demands !
Look into the charges , they say .
Hear from the other side .
Ask the obvious questions .
It never stops : you just can't satisfy these people . )
The EIA , the statistics arm of the US Department of Energy , recently released its International Energy Outlook ( IEO ) for 2010 .
This is an important document for forecasters , as it represents the EIA 's integrated view of the global energy markets in the years to come and contains a long term forecast on the range of energy sources and CO 2 .
Like it or hate it , the IEO is a touchstone for the energy industry and is treated as the authoritative government forecast in the press and in capital raising documents like prospectuses .
It influences policy - makers , the media , public opinion and investors .
What it says matters .
As recently as 2007 , the EIA saw a rosy future of oil supplies increasing with demand .
It predicted oil consumption would rise by 15 million barrels per day ( mbpd ) to 2020 , an ample amount to cover most eventualities .
By 2030 , the oil supply would reach nearly 118 mbpd , or 23 mbpd more than in 2006 .
But over time , this optimism has faded , with each succeeding year 's forecast lower than the year before .
For 2030 , the oil supply forecast has declined by 14 mbpd in only the last three years .
This drop is as much as the combined output of Saudi Arabia and China .
EIA Forecasts of World Petroleum Liquids Production to 2030
Source : EIA IEO - 2007 - 2010
But that 's not the interesting part .
The more salient development is the reduction in the forecast to 2020 .
Forecasts beyond ten years are highly uncertain and more subject to massaging and ' interpretation ' .
Shorter term forecasts are more definite , and the forecasters are more accountable .
As a consequence , the outlook for the short to medium term warrants greater attention .
In the case of the EIA , the forecast changes most dramatically here .
For the remainder of the decade , even though China would be expected to hit its stride for increased oil demand , the EIA sees no year in which liquids production will increase by even 1 % .
Petroleum liquids supply increases by an average of 0.6 % per year from 2011 to 2020 .
In other words , the EIA is expecting the oil supply to be essentially flat for the rest of the decade .
The supply will creep up from 86 mbpd today to approximately 92 mbpd to 2020 , but that is not much growth , and indeed , is about the same as current global liquids production capacity .
Moreover , it represents a reduction of nearly 4 mbpd from last year 's forecast for 2020 .
On paper , the output of China has disappeared over the course of the last year .
In its forecast , the EIA , normally the cheerleader for production growth , has become amongst the most pessimistic forecasters around .
For example , its forecasts to 2020 are 2 - 3 mbpd lower than that of traditionally dour Total , the French oil major .
And they are below our own forecasts at Douglas - Westwood through 2020 .
As we are normally considered to be in the peak oil camp , the EIA 's forecast is nothing short of remarkable , and grim .
Is it right ?
In the last decade or so , the EIA 's forecast has inevitably proved too rosy by a margin .
While SEC - approved prospectuses still routinely cite the EIA , those who deal with oil forecasts on a daily basis have come to discount the EIA as simply unreliable and inappropriate as a basis for investments or decision - making .
But the EIA appears to have drawn a line in the sand with its new IEO and placed its fortunes firmly with the peak oil crowd .
At least to 2020 .
We 'll see how it plays out .
But for now , the EIA appears to be making a statement .
Perhaps we should sit up and pay attention .
As Internet veterans know , there ’s only one place to go for debunking or confirming the latest bit of rumor that just came into your e-mail box : Snopes.com , where 300,000 people a day drop in to find out if indeed Bill Gates is sending out free laptops , if President Obama is a Muslim or if Mikey from the Life commercials really died .
David and Barbara Mikkelson run this essential clearinghouse for truth out of their home in California , and I recently had the chance to interview Mr. Mikkelson for a “ CBS News Sunday Morning ” segment .
Here ’s an edited excerpt .
David Pogue :
Where does the name Snopes come from ?
David Mikkelson : Snopes come from a family of characters who recur in the works of William Faulkner .
He typically had different families that represented a different strata of Southern society .
And the Snopes were on the bottom rung of the social ladder .
But none of that has anything to do with the site .
It just — I knew the name Snopes from having read William Faulkner .
It was my nom de net .
And then when we started the site , it turned out to be sort of fortuitous .
Because it is so short and catchy and distinctive .
DP : How do you make money from this ?
DM : Just from the advertising on the pages .
People do send us donations from time to time , but they ’re fairly small .
DP : What are some of the hottest rumors right now going on ?
DM : Well , let ’s see , we happen to have a page about that .
The top 25 items of the moment .
DP : I see here ’s the cellphone directory one .
I got that one yesterday — apparently , they ’re gonna open up our cellphone numbers to telemarketers .
DM : It started out , like most of them do , with a kernel of truth .
That some of the cellphone companies were going to make cellphone numbers available through a directory assistance service , which somehow got mutated into the idea that they were going to provide phone numbers en masse to telemarketers .
Which was never the intent , and the directory itself was never actually put together .
But it still circulates .
It used to be sort of like an annual thing , like it was going to happen unless you signed up for the Do Not Call list by February .
So every January we ’d see an explosion of it .
This second one is another case of that .
It ’s this idea that in August , that Mars is going to be remarkably close to Earth .
You know , it ’ll appear larger than any times in our lifetimes .
Something like that actually happened , but back in August of 2003 .
So , it ’s long since outdated .
There are things that are sort of seasonal .
Like sort of household remedies for repelling mosquitoes , or treating bee stings .
Those tend to pop up every year around this time of year .
Or the idea that “ In God We Trust ” has been omitted from president dollar coins .
DP : Is that true ?
DM : No .
We actually have some of the coins over here .
I had to get them to prove the point .
But it ’s continually spread by people who ’ve never actually seen one of these coins , who are unlikely ever to encounter one of these coins , but still urging people not to accept them because they do n’t say , “ In God We Trust . ”
DP : What ’s driving people to pass this stuff on ?
DM : A lot of it is just people ’s desire to do good .
They think they ’re being helpful by passing along something — a piece about a missing child , or warning you about some sort of crime that you might fall victim to .
Some of it is just people looking to show off .
“ I ’m smart .
I know this and you do n’t . ”
Some of it is attempts to prove other people wrong about things , usually of a political nature .
A lot of things that are truly urban legends : things that have narratives , that have plots , and morals .
They ’re often a way that people encapsulate and pass along fears and anxieties .
A lot of what we see is directly related to what ’s going on in the world .
They ’re also tacit ways of expressing or reinforcing prejudices .
Maybe a crime rumor that has to do with gangs or Mexicans .
And it ’s —
“ Well , I ’m not saying this about whatever group .
It ’s the story I heard says that they ’re doing whatever . ”
It ’s sort of a camouflage .
DP : What are some of the broad categories that these things tend to fall into ?
DM : There are a lot of scams , of course , like the infamous Nigerian scam .
But we get a lot of pieces about missing children .
Prayer requests for sick children .
And those are mixed in with hoaxes of “ forward this message and AOL or some other company will donate three cents to the care of this cancer stricken child . ”
DP : That one will not die .
I ’ve heard , “ Forward this e-mail to a hundred people and you ’ll get money from Bill Gates , or Microsoft will give money , or AOL will give money . ”
DM : That one ’s kind of funny , because it ’s been running for so long .
And people will write to us and say , “ Well , I know the one about Microsoft was a hoax , and the one about Nike was a hoax .
And the one about Honda was a hoax .
And the one about Levi ’s was a hoax .
But I got this one about Sony giving away laptops .
Is this true ?
( laughs )
So there are times when you kind of throw up your hands and wonder if anybody ’s actually learning anything .
DP : So you ’re this essential Internet site , but you ’re just a couple , in your house in California .
There ’s no chrome and glass skyscraper .
DM : That ’s true , but , it ’s not like we would work more efficiently if we were in an office somewhere .
Or we had more modern furnishings .
It ’s true — sometimes people come away with the impression that we ’re a large company with a headquarters somewhere .
And a staff of hundreds of people .
DP : If you do n’t mind , do a mini Snopes .
I ’d love to just run rapid - fire through these very famous rumors .
And have you just say “ false ” , “ true ” , “ undetermined ” .
DM : Fire away .
Dp : All right .
So — Obama ’s a Muslim .
( LAUGH )
True or false .
DM : Well , false .
DP : The Great Wall of China is the only man-made object visible from space .
DM : No , it ’s not true .
It ’s sort of a double whammy .
As in , no , you ca n’t see it from space .
And there are man-made things that you could see from space that are n’t the Wall of China .
DP : The Chevy Nova was a failure in South America because Nova means “ wo n’t go ” – “ No va . ”
DM : It ’s just some interesting thing that somebody made up based on the name , but it ’s false .
It did n’t really have any impact on sales .
DP : Mikey , the kid in the old Life cereal commercial , ate Pop Rocks and drank Coke , and his stomach exploded and he died .
DM : Yeah .
Well , he told us he ’s not dead , so I tend to believe him .
DP : But he disappeared off the air .
We never saw him again .
DM : Yeah , a lot of child stars have had that happen to them .
( LAUGH )
DP : O.K .
So , the lyrics “ ring around the rosy , pocket full of posy , ashes , ashes , we all fall down , ” actually refers to the plague .
DM : Yeah , it ’s sort of a persistent class of legend that children ’s nursery rhymes are all secret and coded messages referring to some contemporary events a long time ago .
And they ’re really just explanations people made up , because they sound nice .
We actually demonstrated this phenomenon , because we have a section on our site , where we just made up a bunch of goofy rumors , just to —
DP : You made up rumors ?
DM : Yes .
Just to see if people would spread them .
So , we made up , from whole cloth , this legend about the nursery rhyme , “ Sing a song of sixpence . ”
About how it was a secret code that pirates used to recruit members for their crew in taverns .
I have seen this quoted in books .
I ’ve seen this presented as fact on television shows .
Even on urban legend - related television shows have claimed this as true .
But it just shows that this is now proffered as the real explanation behind that nursery rhyme .
We kid about how we wonder if a few hundred years from now , there ’s going to be explanations for “ Jingle Bells , Batman smells , Robin laid an egg , ” had some reference to the Nixon administration or something .
You know ?
DP : You would think that with the instant communications of Internet , that all this misinformation and urban legend stuff — that people would catch on that it ’s not true .
DM : The flaw in that theory is that for a good many people , it ’s not important whether things are true or not .
It reflects what people want to believe .
It reflects a worldview .
It ’s their way of passing along things that concern them .
Things they ’re afraid of .
Like it could be , “ I do n’t care if Richard Nixon really did this .
It sounds like something he would have done . ”
A lot of people are unwilling to acknowledge anything that contradicts their worldview .
So telling them that it ’s false does n’t necessarily slow them down .
That ’s how urban legends get started for the most case .
Like the woman who supposedly put her poodle in the microwave to dry it off .
And it exploded .
DP : That ’s not true ?
DM : No. Probably not .
No , but you see a pattern in these kind of things : that when a new technology comes out , you start seeing disaster stories about that technology .
And there is an underlying principle there .
That people are wary of new technologies till they ’ve been established and proved safe .
DP : Does it ever make you cynical about human nature ?
All this , day in and day out ?
DM : Well sometimes .
You know , it gets a little disheartening to see the same kinds of things going around time after time .
DP : Well , thank you so much .
Is there anything else that you ’d like to —
DM : Oh , you ran out of questions , did you ?
( LAUGH )
Part of the reason that the Cardinals signed Matt Holliday to a seven - year , $ 120 million contract this winter is that they needed help in the outfield .
While there was plenty of promise out there , the team could n’t exactly count on results for 2010 .
Ryan Ludwick had just posted a disappointing follow - up season to his 2008 career year , and Colby Rasmus was still an unseasoned 23 - year - old .
They needed solidity out there , and that ’s why they retained Holliday .
When they then got superior production from Rasmus and a rebound from Ludwick , the Cardinals boasted one of the top outfield units in the league .
All three outfielders have produced numbers that are well above league average .
Holliday unsurprisingly leads the bunch with a .397 wOBA , though Rasmus is n’t far behind at .381 .
Ludwick , after seeing his wOBA drop from .406 in 2008 to .336 in 2009 , is back up to .352 .
Those three have covered the easy majority of the season at their positions ; no other Cardinal has more than 72 PA as an outfielder .
It came as a disappointment , then , that Ludwick hit the DL retroactive to June 26 with a strained left calf .
But given his primary replacement , the Cardinals are n’t missing his production very much .
Jon Jay was having a reasonably successful season after the Cardinals called him up in late April , hitting .302/.302/.442 in 45 PA .
The obvious weakness is that he drew zero walks in that span .
His .364 BABIP suggested that he’d hit considerably below that level if given an extended look .
Apparently they saw that , too , and decided to sign Randy Winn , whom the Yankees had released in May .
Jay was the roster casualty , sent back to AAA so he could continue his hitting display against PCL pitchers .
But when Ludwick hit the DL in early July , the Cardinals called Jay ’s number again .
The Chief Justice has gone on a tear in Ludwick ’s stead , producing a .539 wOBA since his recall .
That brings his season wOBA to .429 , though in a mere 86 PA .
Of those , 41 have come since July 3 , which seems like a low number .
That ’s because Tony LaRussa has kept him in a pretty strict platoon .
Only six of his PA this season have come against righties .
Under normal circumstances a platoon would work to Jay ’s advantage once Ludwick returns , and since LaRussa has said that Jay will get enough at - bats later in the season , a platoon might seem likely for a lefty - righty outfield combo .
But given Ludwick ’s performance , that might not be the best idea .
Ludwick is one of a rare breed , along with Cody Ross and Rickey Henderson , who bats righty but throws lefty .
But while the other two perform like typical RHB in that they hit LHP far better than same - handed pitchers , Ludwick has a reverse platoon split .
The difference is pretty stark in 2010 , a .374 wOBA against righties and a .300 mark against lefties , but it has been that way for his entire career .
In 1293 PA against righties he has a .369 wOBA , while in 634 PA against lefties he has a .333 wOBA .
He is not , then , an ideal player to platoon with Jay , who possesses a typical lefty split .
In the minors he had roughly a .311 wOBA against lefties and a .364 mark against righties .
In fact , creating any type of platoon with Jay and another outfielder probably would n’t work , as they all hit righties exceedingly well .
Rasmus , also a lefty , has crushed RHP this season , a .266 ISO that factors heavily into his .388 wOBA against them .
Even last year , when he hit relatively weakly overall , he produced a .341 wOBA against righties while managing just a .218 wOBA against lefties .
Holliday hits everyone well , though against righties this year he ’s faring slightly better , a .395 wOBA vs. a .391 mark against lefties .
That split , too , holds up over his career , as he ’s produced a .402 wOBA against righties and a .378 wOBA against lefties .
( Not that either would face a platoon anyway . )
Jay has been a useful player since his recall , filling in for Ludwick better than anyone could have reasonably expected .
When , then , will LaRussa find playing time for him when Ludwick returns this weekend ?
It might not actually be that big an issue .
After all , it ’s not as though Jay was some superstar prospect waiting for a spot to open .
Baseball America did rate him as the Cardinals ’ best minor league hitter for average , but did not rank him in their top 10 .
Nor did Marc Hulet .
We ’ve seen this plenty from young players before .
They come up and mash for a while before reverting to their expected forms .
Thankfully for the Cardinals , Jay ’s hot streak comes as he fills in for an injured player .
You ca n’t ask for much more than that .
The Cardinals do have a few options to face LHP , Winn and Nick Stavinoha , though Winn has been stronger against RHP in his career and Savinoha has n’t hit very well in general .
Somehow I do n’t think that will become much of an issue .
The Cardinals get plenty of production out of Holliday and Albert Pujols against LHP , so I ’m sure they ’re perfectly content with their righty - mashing outfield trio .
Jay has been the perfect fill - in , and will remain a solid reserve and pinch - hitting option for the remainder of the season .
As for finding regular playing time , though , I ’m not sure it ’s in the cards .
The current starters can do what Jay does plenty well .
It sounds like a pretty favorable situation in St. Louis .
LEON HASLAM lapped the Assen circuit on his Suzuki GSX - R1000 faster than Loris Capirossi on the Suzuki GSV - R800 .
Haslam 's best time on his GSX - R1000 at the Assen WSB round was 1m35.330 in qualifying .
Loris Capirossi's fastest time at the Assen MotoGP round was 1m35.664 , also in qualifying .
Haslam 's fastest race time was 1m36.452 and Capirossi's was 1m36.219 .
Capirossi may have been faster than Haslam in the race but the out - and - out fastest lap of Assen this year by any Suzuki was by Leon Haslam on the GSX - R1000 .
In an interview with CNBC , the libertarian Congressman from Texas said that it's " unfair for [ Obama ] to get all the blame " for events that are really the responsibility of oil companies like BP .
He cited instead a system that caps liability for accidents , prevents Gulf fisherman from claiming property rights , and has taxpayers foot the bill for the cleanup as the real culprit .
" The system is wrong , " Paul said .
Without the climate of public opinion believing that " everything has to be solved by the government " no one would be blaming the president , he said .
He also said that the accident at the Deepwater Horizon was just that : An accident .
" Do you think BP likes this stuff ? " he said .
The site is secure .
The https :// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely .
How Can We Help You ?
I am a ...
Bank Customer Banker Consumer Small Business Owner Analyst / Researcher / Student Legal Professional Bank Regulator Press / Media Vendor / Contractor Legislative Staff Member Jobseeker Court Clerk Prosecutor / Probation Officer Investigator
Select the information you wish to explore based on who you are I want to ...
Get Started
How Can We Help You ?
I am a ...
Bank Customer Banker Consumer Small Business Owner Analyst / Researcher / Student Legal Professional Bank Regulator Press / Media Vendor / Contractor Legislative Staff Member Jobseeker Court Clerk Prosecutor / Probation Officer Investigator
Select the information you wish to explore based on who you are I want to ...
Get Started
The FDIC publishes regular updates on news and activities .
Keep up with FDIC announcements , read speeches and testimony on the latest banking issues , learn about policy changes for banks , and get the details on upcoming conferences and events .
The FDIC is proud to be a pre-eminent source of U.S. banking industry research , including quarterly banking profiles , working papers , and state banking performance data .
Browse our extensive research tools and reports .
The FDIC provides a wealth of resources for consumers , bankers , analysts , and other stakeholders .
Browse our collection of financial education materials , data tools , documentation of laws and regulations , information on important initiatives , and more .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) is an independent agency created by the Congress to maintain stability and public confidence in the nation ’s financial system .
Learn about the FDIC ’s mission , leadership , history , career opportunities , and more .
FDIC Law , Regulations , Related Acts
[ Table of Contents ] [ Previous Page ] [ Next Page ] [ Search ]
6500 - Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
Appendix MS Mortgage Servicing
Appendix MS1 to Part 1024 Servicing Disclosure Statement
[ Sample language ; use business stationery or similar heading ]
[ Date ]
SERVICING DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
NOTICE TO FIRST LIEN MORTGAGE LOAN APPLICANTS : THE RIGHT TO COLLECT YOUR MORTGAGE LOAN PAYMENTS MAY BE TRANSFERRED
You are applying for a mortgage loan covered by the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ( RESPA ) ( 12 U.S.C. 2601 et seq . ) .
RESPA gives you certain rights under Federal law .
This statement describes whether the servicing for this loan may be transferred to a different loan servicer .
" Servicing " refers to collecting your principal , interest , and escrow payments , if any , as well as sending any monthly or annual statements , tracking account balances , and handling other aspects of your loan .
You will be given advance notice before a transfer occurs .
Servicing Transfer Information
[ We may assign , sell , or transfer the servicing of your loan while the loan is outstanding . ] [ or ]
[ We do not service mortgage loans of the type for which you applied .
We intend to assign , sell , or transfer the servicing of your mortgage loan before the first payment is due . ] [ or ]
[ The loan for which you have applied will be serviced at this financial institution and we do not intend to sell , transfer , or assign the servicing of the loan . ]
[ INSTRUCTIONS TO PREPARER : Insert the date and select the appropriate language under " Servicing Transfer Information . "
The model format may be annotated with further information that clarifies or enhances the model language . ]
[ Codified to 12 C.F.R. Part 1024 , Appendix MS -- 1 ]
[ Appendix MS - - 1 amended at 78 Fed. Reg. 10886 , February 14 , 2013 , effective January 10 , 2014 ]
Appendix MS 2 to Part 1024
Notice of Servicing Transfer
The servicing of your mortgage loan is being transferred , effective [ Date ] .
This means that after this date , a new servicer will be collecting your mortgage loan payments from you .
Nothing else about your mortgage loan will change .
[ Name of present servicer ] is now collecting your payments .
[ Name of present servicer ] will stop accepting payments received from you after [ Date ] .
[ Name of new servicer ] will collect your payments going forward .
Your new servicer will start accepting payments received from you on [ Date ] .
Send all payments due on or after [ Date ] to [ Name of new servicer ] at this address : [ New servicer address ] .
If you have any questions for either your present servicer , [ Name of present servicer ] or your new servicer [ Name of new servicer ] , about your mortgage loan or this transfer , please contact them using the information below :
Current Servicer : [ Name of present servicer ] [ Individual or Department ] Telephone Number ] [ Address ] New Servicer : [ Name of new servicer ] [ Individual or Department ] Telephone Number ] [ Address ]
[ Use this paragraph if appropriate ; otherwise omit . ]
Important note about insurance :
If you have mortgage life or disability insurance or any other type of optional insurance , the transfer of servicing rights may affect your insurance in the following way : _______
You should do the following to maintain coverage : _______
Under Federal law , during the 60 - day period following the effective date of the transfer of the loan servicing , a loan payment received by your old servicer on or before its due date may not be treated by the new servicer as late , and a late fee may not be imposed on you .
_______ [ NAME OF PRESENT SERVICER ] _______Date [ and ] [ or ]
_______ [ NAME OF NEW SERVICER ] _______ Date
[ Codified to 12 C.F.R. Part 1024 , Appendix MS -- 2 ]
[ Appendix MS - - 2 amended at 78 Fed. Reg. 10886 , February 14 , 2013 , effective January 10 , 2014 ]
Appendix MS3 to Part 1024 Model Force - Placed Insurance Notice Forms
Table of Contents
MS --3( A ) -- Model Form for Force - Placed Insurance Notice Containing Information Required by § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 2 )
MS --3( B ) -- Model Form for Force - Placed Insurance Notice Containing Information Required by § 1024.37(d ) ( 2 ) ( i )
MS --3(C ) -- Model Form for Force - Placed Insurance Notice Containing Information
Required by § 1024.37(d ) ( 2 ) ( ii )
MS --3(D ) -- Model Form for Force - Placed Insurance Notice Containing Information Required by § 1024.37(e ) ( 2 )
MS --3( A ) -- Model Form for Force - Placed Insurance Notice Containing Information Required by § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 2 )
[ Name and Mailing Address of Servicer ]
[ Date of Notice ]
[ Borrower 's Name ]
[ Borrower 's Mailing Address ]
Subject : Please provide insurance information for
[ Property Address ]
Dear [ Borrower 's Name ] :
Our records show that your [ hazard ] [ Insurance Type ] insurance [ is expiring ] [ expired ] [ provides insufficient coverage ] , and we do not have evidence that you have obtained new coverage .
Because [ hazard ] [ Insurance Type ] insurance is required on your property , [ we bought insurance for your property ] [ we plan to buy insurance for your property ] .
You must pay us for any period during which the insurance we buy is in effect but you do not have insurance .
You should immediately provide us with your insurance information .
[ Describe the insurance information the borrower must provide ] .
[ The information must be provided in writing . ]
The insurance we [ bought ] [ buy ] :
* May be significantly more expensive than the insurance you can buy yourself .
* May not provide as much coverage as an insurance policy you buy yourself .
If you have any questions , please contact us at [ telephone number ] .
[ If applicable , provide a statement advising a borrower to review additional information provided in the same transmittal . ]
MS --3( B ) -- Model Form for Force - Placed Insurance Notice Containing Information Required by § 1024.37(d ) ( 2 ) ( i )
[ Name and Mailing Address of Servicer ]
[ Date of Notice ]
[ Borrower 's Name ]
[ Borrower 's Mailing Address ]
Subject : Second and final notice -- please provide insurance information for
[ Property Address ]
Dear [ Borrower 's Name ] :
This is your second and final notice that our records show that your [ hazard ] [ Insurance Type ] insurance [ is expiring ] [ expired ] [ provides insufficient coverage ] , and we do not have evidence that you have obtained new coverage .
Because [ hazard ] [ Insurance Type ] insurance is required on your property , [ we bought insurance for your property ] [ we plan to buy insurance for your property ] .
You must pay us for any period during which the insurance we buy is in effect but you do not have insurance .
You should immediately provide us with your insurance information .
[ Describe the insurance information the borrower must provide ] .
[ The information must be provided in writing . ]
The insurance we [ bought ] [ buy ] :
* [ Costs $ [ premium charge ] ]
[ Will cost an estimated $ [ premium charge ] ] annually , which may be significantly more expensive than insurance you can buy yourself .
* May not provide as much coverage as an insurance policy you buy yourself .
If you have any questions , please contact us at [ telephone number ] .
[ If applicable , provide a statement advising a borrower to review additional information provided in the same transmittal . ]
MS --3(C ) -- Model Form for Force - Placed Insurance Notice Containing Information Required by § 1024.37(d ) ( 2 ) ( ii )
[ Name and Mailing Address of Servicer ]
[ Date of Notice ]
[ Borrower 's Name ]
[ Borrower 's Mailing Address ]
Subject : Second and final notice -- please provide insurance information for
[ Property Address ]
Dear [ Borrower 's Name ] :
We received the insurance information you provided , but we are unable to verify coverage from [ Date Range ] .
Please provide us with insurance information for [ Date Range ] immediately .
We will charge you for insurance we [ bought ] [ plan to buy ] for [ Date Range ] unless we can verify that you have insurance coverage for [ Date Range ] .
The insurance we [ bought ] [ buy ] :
* Costs $ [ premium charge ] ]
[ Will cost an estimated $ [ premium charge ] ] annually , which may be significantly more expensive than insurance you can buy yourself .
* May not provide as much coverage as an insurance policy you buy yourself .
If you have any questions , please contact us at [ telephone number ] .
[ If applicable , provide a statement advising a borrower to review additional information provided in the same transmittal . ]
MS --3(D ) -- Model Form for Force - Placed Insurance Notice Containing Information Required by § 1024.37(e ) ( 2 )
[ Name and Mailing Address of Servicer ]
[ Date of Notice ]
[ Borrower 's Name ]
[ Borrower 's Mailing Address ]
Subject : Please update insurance information for
[ Property Address ]
Dear [ Borrower 's Name ] :
Because we did not have evidence that you had [ hazard ] [ Insurance Type ] insurance on the property listed above , we bought insurance on your property and added the cost to your mortgage loan account .
The policy that we bought [ expired ] [ is scheduled to expire ] .
Because [ hazard ] [ Insurance Type ] insurance ] is required on your property , we intend to maintain insurance on your property by renewing or replacing the insurance we bought .
The insurance we buy :
* [ Costs $ [ premium charge ] ]
[ Will cost an estimated $ [ premium charge ] ] annually , which may be significantly more expensive than insurance you can buy yourself .
* May not provide as much coverage as an insurance policy you buy yourself .
If you buy [ hazard ] [ Insurance Type ] insurance , you should immediately provide us with your insurance information .
[ Describe the insurance information the borrower must provide ] .
[ The information must be provided in writing . ]
If you have any questions , please contact us at [ telephone number ] .
[ If applicable , provide a statement advising a borrower to review additional information provided in the same transmittal . ]
[ Codified to Part 1024 , Appendix MS - - 3 ]
[ MS - - 3 amended at 78 Fed. Reg. 10886 , February 14 , 2013 , effective January 10 , 2014 ; 78 Fed. Reg. 60438 , October 1 , 2013 , effective , January 10 , 2014 ; 81 Fed. Reg. 72376 , October 19 , 2016 , effective October 19 , 2017 ]
Appendix MS 4 Model Clauses for the Written Early Intervention Notice
MS -- 4 ( A ) -- Statement Encouraging the Borrower To Contact the Servicer and Additional Information About Loss Mitigation Options ( § 1024.39 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( i ) , ( ii ) and ( iv ) )
Call us today to learn more about your options and instructions for how to apply .
[ The longer you wait , or the further you fall behind on your payments , the harder it will be to find a solution . ]
[ Servicer Name ] [ Servicer Address ] [ Servicer Telephone Number ]
[ For more information , visit [ Servicer Web site ] [ and ] [ or ] [ Email Address ] ] .
MS --4( B ) -- Available Loss Mitigation Options ( § 1024.39 ( b) ( 2 ) ( iii ) )
[ If you need help , the following options may be possible ( most are subject to lender approval ) : ]
* [ Refinance your loan with us or another lender ; ]
* [ Modify your loan terms with us ; ]
* [ Payment forbearance temporarily gives you more time to pay your monthly payment ; ] [ or ]
* [ If you are not able to continue paying your mortgage , your best option may be to find more affordable housing .
As an alternative to foreclosure , you may be able to sell your home and use the proceeds to pay off your current loan . ]
MS --4(C ) -- Housing Counselors ( § 1024.39 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( v ) )
For help exploring your options , the Federal government provides contact information for housing counselors , which you can access by contacting [ the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at [ Bureau Housing Counselor List Web site ] ] [ the Department of Housing and Urban Development at [ HUD Housing Counselor List Web site ] ] or by calling [ HUD Housing Counselor List Telephone Number ] .
MS --4(D ) -- Written Early Intervention Notice for Servicers Subject to FDCPA ( § 1024.39 (d ) ( 2 ) ( iii ) )
This is a legally required notice .
We are sending this notice to you because you are behind on your mortgage payment .
We want to notify you of possible ways to avoid losing your home .
We have a right to invoke foreclosure based on the terms of your mortgage contract .
Please read this letter carefully .
[ Codified to Part 1024 , Appendix MS - - 4 ]
[ MS - - 4 amended at 78 Fed. Reg. 10886 , February 14 , 2013 , effective January 10 , 2014 ; 81 Fed. Reg. 72376 , October 19 , 2016 , effective October 19 , 2017 ; 82 Fed. Reg. 30948 , July 5 , 2017 , effective October 19 , 2017 ]
Supplement I to Part 1024 Official Bureau Interpretations
Introduction
1. Official status .
This commentary is the primary vehicle by which the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection issues official interpretations of Regulation X. Good faith compliance with this commentary affords protection from liability under section 19 ( b ) of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ( RESPA ) , 12 U.S.C. 2617 ( b ) .
2. Requests for official interpretations .
A request for an official interpretation shall be in writing and addressed to the Associate Director , Research , Markets , and Regulations , Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection , 1700 G Street NW. , Washington , DC 20552 .
A request shall contain a complete statement of all relevant facts concerning the issue , including copies of all pertinent documents .
Except in unusual circumstances , such official interpretations will not be issued separately but will be incorporated in the official commentary to this part , which will be amended periodically .
No official interpretations will be issued approving financial institutions ' forms or statements .
This restriction does not apply to forms or statements whose use is required or sanctioned by a government agency .
3. Unofficial oral interpretations .
Unofficial oral interpretations may be provided at the discretion of Bureau staff .
Written requests for such interpretations should be sent to the address set forth for official interpretations .
Unofficial oral interpretations provide no protection under section 19 ( b ) of RESPA .
Ordinarily , staff will not issue unofficial oral interpretations on matters adequately covered by this part or the official Bureau interpretations .
4. Rules of construction .
( a ) Lists that appear in the commentary may be exhaustive or illustrative ; the appropriate construction should be clear from the context .
In most cases , illustrative lists are introduced by phrases such as " including , but not limited to , " " among other things , " " for example , " or " such as . "
( b) Throughout the commentary , reference to " this section " or " this paragraph " means the section or paragraph in the regulation that is the subject of the comment .
5. Comment designations .
Each comment in the commentary is identified by a number and the regulatory section or paragraph that the comment interprets .
The comments are designated with as much specificity as possible according to the particular regulatory provision addressed .
For example , some of the comments to § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 1 ) are further divided by subparagraph , such as comment 37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( i ) - - 1 . In other cases , comments have more general application and are designated , for example , as comment 40 ( a ) - - 1 .
This introduction may be cited as comments I - - 1 through I - - 5 .
Subpart AGeneral Provisions
§ 1024.5 Coverage of RESPA
5( c ) Relation to State laws .
Paragraph 5 ( c ) ( 1 ) .
1. State laws that are inconsistent with the requirements of RESPA or Regulation X may be preempted by RESPA or Regulation X. State laws that give greater protection to consumers are not inconsistent with and are not preempted by RESPA or Regulation X .
In addition , nothing in RESPA or Regulation X should be construed to preempt the entire field of regulation of the practices covered by RESPA or Regulation X , including the regulations in Subpart C with respect to mortgage servicers or mortgage servicing .
Subpart BMortgage Settlement and Escrow Accounts [ Reserved ]
Section 1024.17 Escrow Accounts
17(k ) Timely payments .
17(k ) (5 ) Timely payment of hazard insurance .
17 (k ) ( 5 ) ( ii ) Inability to disburse funds .
17(k ) ( 5 ) ( ii ) ( A )
When inability exists .
1. Examples of reasonable basis to believe that a policy has been cancelled or not renewed .
The following are examples of where a servicer has a reasonable basis to believe that a borrower 's hazard insurance policy has been canceled or not renewed for reasons other than the nonpayment of premium charges :
i . A borrower notifies a servicer that the borrower has cancelled the hazard insurance coverage , and the servicer has not received notification of other hazard insurance coverage .
ii .
A servicer receives a notification of cancellation or non-renewal from the borrower 's insurance company before payment is due on the borrower 's hazard insurance .
iii .
A servicer does not receive a payment notice by the expiration date of the borrower 's hazard insurance policy .
17(k ) ( 5 ) ( ii ) ( C ) Recoupment for advances .
1. Month - to - month advances .
A servicer that advances the premium payment to be disbursed from an escrow account may advance the payment on a month - to - month basis , if permitted by State or other applicable law and accepted by the borrower 's hazard insurance company .
Subpart CMortgage Servicing
§ 1024.30 -- Scope 30 ( b) Exemptions .
1. Exemption for Farm Credit System institutions .
Pursuant to 12 CFR 617.7000 , certain servicers may be considered " qualified lenders " only with respect to loans discounted or pledged pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 2015 ( b ) ( 1 ) .
To the extent a servicer , as defined in RESPA , services a mortgage loan that has not been discounted or pledged pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 2015 ( b ) ( 1 ) , and is not subject to the requirements set forth in 12 CFR 617 , the servicer may be required to comply with the requirements of §§ 1024.38 through 41 with respect to that mortgage loan .
Paragraph 30 ( c ) ( 2 ) .
1. Principal residence .
If a property ceases to be a borrower 's principal residence , the procedures set forth in §§ 1024.39 through 1024.41 do not apply to a mortgage loan secured by that property .
Determination of principal residence status will depend on the specific facts and circumstances regarding the property and applicable State law .
For example , a vacant property may still be a borrower 's principal residence .
30(d ) Successors in interest .
1. Treatment of confirmed successors in interest .
Under § 1024.30 (d ) , a confirmed successor in interest must be considered a borrower for purposes of this subpart and § 1024.17 , regardless of whether the successor in interest assumes the mortgage loan obligation under State law .
For example , if a servicer receives a loss mitigation application from a confirmed successor in interest , the servicer must review and evaluate the application and notify the confirmed successor in interest in accordance with the procedures set forth in § 1024.41 if the property is the confirmed successor in interest 's principal residence and the procedures set forth in § 1024.41 are otherwise applicable .
Treatment of a confirmed successor in interest as a borrower for purposes of this subpart and § 1024.17 does not affect whether the confirmed successor in interest is subject to the contractual obligations of the mortgage loan agreement , which is determined by applicable State law .
Communications in compliance with this part to a confirmed successor in interest as defined in § 1024.31 do not violate section 805 ( b ) of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ( FDCPA ) because consumer for purposes of FDCPA section 805 includes any person who meets the definition in this part of confirmed successor in interest .
2. Assumption of the mortgage loan obligation .
A servicer may not require a confirmed successor in interest to assume the mortgage loan obligation under State law to be considered a borrower for purposes of § 1024.17 and this subpart .
If a successor in interest assumes a mortgage loan obligation under State law or is otherwise liable on the mortgage loan obligation , the protections that the successor in interest enjoys under this part are not limited to the protections that apply under § 1024.30 ( d ) to a confirmed successor in interest .
3. Treatment of transferor borrowers .
Even after a servicer 's confirmation of a successor in interest , the servicer is still required to comply with all applicable requirements of this subpart with respect to the transferor borrower .
§ 1024.31 Definitions .
Delinquency .
1. Length of delinquency .
A borrower 's delinquency begins on the date an amount sufficient to cover a periodic payment of principal , interest , and , if applicable , escrow becomes due and unpaid , and lasts until such time as no periodic payment is due and unpaid , even if the borrower is afforded a period after the due date to pay before the servicer assesses a late fee .
2. Application of funds .
If a servicer applies payments to the oldest outstanding periodic payment , a payment by a delinquent borrower advances the date the borrower 's delinquency began .
For example , assume a borrower 's mortgage loan obligation provides that a periodic payment sufficient to cover principal , interest , and escrow is due on the first of each month .
The borrower fails to make a payment on January 1 or on any day in January , and on January 31 the borrower is 30 days delinquent .
On February 3 , the borrower makes a periodic payment .
The servicer applies the payment it received on February 3 to the outstanding January payment .
On February 4 , the borrower is three days delinquent .
3. Payment tolerance .
For any given billing cycle for which a borrower 's payment is less than the periodic payment due , if a servicer chooses not to treat a borrower as delinquent for purposes of any section of this subpart , that borrower is not delinquent as defined in § 1024.31 .
4. Creditor 's contract rights .
This subpart does not prevent a creditor from exercising a right provided by a mortgage loan contract to accelerate payment for a breach of that contract .
Failure to pay the amount due after the creditor accelerates the mortgage loan obligation in accordance with the mortgage loan contract would begin or continue delinquency .
Loss mitigation application .
1. Borrower 's representative .
A loss mitigation application is deemed to be submitted by a borrower if the loss mitigation application is submitted by an agent of the borrower .
Servicers may undertake reasonable procedures to determine if a person that claims to be an agent of a borrower has authority from the borrower to act on the borrower 's behalf .
Loss mitigation option .
1. Types of loss mitigation options .
Loss mitigation options include temporary and long - term relief , including options that allow borrowers who are behind on their mortgage payments to remain in their homes or to leave their homes without a foreclosure , such as , without limitation , refinancing , trial or permanent modification , repayment of the amount owed over an extended period of time , forbearance of future payments , short - sale , deed - in - lieu of foreclosure , and loss mitigation programs sponsored by a locality , a State , or the Federal government .
2. Available through the servicer .
A loss mitigation option available through the servicer refers to an option for which a borrower may apply , even if the borrower ultimately does not qualify for such option .
Qualified written request .
1 . A qualified written request is a written notice a borrower provides to request a servicer either correct an error relating to the servicing of a mortgage loan or to requestinformation relating to the servicing of the mortgage loan .
A qualified written request is not required to include both types of requests .
For example , a qualified written request may request information relating to the servicing of a mortgage loan but not assert that an error relating to the servicing of a loan has occurred .
2 . A qualified written request is just one form that a written notice of error or information request may take .
Thus , the error resolution and information request requirements in §§ 1024.35 and 1024.36 apply as set forth in those sections irrespective of whether the servicer receives a qualified written request .
Service provider .
1. Service providers may include attorneys retained to represent a servicer or an owner or assignee of a mortgage loan in a foreclosure proceeding , as well as other professionals retained to provide appraisals or inspections of properties .
Successor in interest .
1. Joint tenants and tenants by the entirety .
If a borrower who has an ownership interest as a joint tenant or tenant by the entirety in a property securing a mortgage loan subject to this subpart dies , a surviving joint tenant or tenant by the entirety with a right of survivorship in the property is a successor in interest as defined in § 1024.31 .
2. Beneficiaries of inter vivos trusts .
In the event of a transfer into an inter vivos trust in which the borrower is and remains a beneficiary and which does not relate to a transfer of rights of occupancy in the property , the beneficiaries of the inter vivos trust rather than the inter vivos trust itself are considered to be the successors in interest for purposes of § 1024.31 .
For example , assume Borrower A transfers her home into such an inter vivos trust for the benefit of her spouse and herself .
As of the transfer date , Borrower A and her spouse would be considered successors in interest and , upon confirmation , would be borrowers for purposes of certain provisions of Regulation X .
If the lender has not released Borrower A from the loan obligation , Borrower A would also remain a borrower more generally for purposes of Regulation X .
§ 1024.32 General Disclosure Requirements .
32(c ) Confirmed successors in interest .
32 ( c ) (1 ) Optional notice with acknowledgment form .
1 . A servicer may identify in the acknowledgment form examples of the types of notices and communications identified in § 1024.32 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) , such as periodic statements and mortgage servicing transfer notices .
Any examples provided should be the types of notices or communications that would be available to a confirmed successor in interest if the confirmed successor in interest executed the acknowledgment and returned it to the servicer .
32 ( c ) ( 2 ) Effect of failure to execute acknowledgment .
1 . No time limit to return acknowledgment .
A confirmed successor in interest may provide an executed acknowledgment that complies with § 1024.32 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iv ) to the servicer at any time after confirmation .
2. Effect of revocation of acknowledgment .
If a confirmed successor in interest who is not liable on the mortgage loan obligation executes and then later revokes an acknowledgment pursuant to § 1024.32 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iv ) , the servicer is not required to provide to the confirmed successor in interest any written disclosure required by § 1024.17 , § 1024.33 , § 1024.34 , § 1024.37 , or § 1024.39 or to comply with the live contact requirements in § 1024.39 ( a ) with respect to the confirmed successor in interest from the date the revocation is received until the confirmed successor in interest either assumes the mortgage loan obligation under State law or executes a new acknowledgment that complies with § 1024.32 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iv ) and provides it to the servicer .
32 ( c ) (4 ) Multiple notices unnecessary .
1. Specific written disclosure .
A servicer may rely on § 1024.32 ( c ) ( 4 ) if the servicer provides a specific written disclosure required by § 1024.17 , § 1024.33 , § 1024.34 , § 1024.37 , or § 1024.39 ( b ) to another borrower .
For example , a servicer is not required to provide a force - placed insurance notice required under § 1024.37 to a confirmed successor in interest if the servicer is providing the same force - placed insurance notice to a transferor borrower or to another confirmed successor in interest .
§ 1024.33--Mortgage Servicing Transfers
33 (a ) Servicing disclosure statement .
1. Terminology .
Although the servicing disclosure statement must be clear and conspicuous pursuant to § 1024.32 ( a ) , § 1024.33 ( a ) does not set forth any specific rules for the format of the statement , and the specific language of the servicing disclosure statement in appendix MS - - 1 is not required to be used .
The model format may be supplemented with additional information that clarifies or enhances the model language .
2. Delivery to co-applicants .
If co-applicants indicate the same address on their application , one copy delivered to that address is sufficient .
If different addresses are shown by co-applicants on the application , a copy must be delivered to each of the co-applicants .
3. Lender servicing .
If the lender , mortgage broker who anticipates using table funding , or dealer in a first lien dealer loan knows at the time of making the disclosure whether it will service the mortgage loan for which the applicant has applied , the disclosure must , as applicable , state that such entity will service such loan and does not intend to sell , transfer , or assign the servicing of the loan , or that such entity intends to assign , sell , or transfer servicing of such mortgage loan before the first payment is due .
In all other instances , a disclosure that states that the servicing of the loan may be assigned , sold , or transferred while the loan is outstanding complies with § 1024.33 ( a ) .
33 (b ) Notices of transfer of loan servicing .
Paragraph 33 ( b ) ( 3 ) .
1. Delivery .
A servicer mailing the notice of transfer must deliver the notice to the mailing address ( or addresses ) listed by the borrower in the mortgage loan documents , unless the borrower has notified the servicer of a new address ( or addresses ) pursuant to the servicer 's requirements for receiving a notice of a change of address .
33 ( c ) Borrower payments during transfer of servicing .
33 ( c ) (1 ) Payments not considered late .
1. Late fees prohibited .
The prohibition in § 1024.33 ( c ) ( 1 ) on treating a payment as late for any purpose would prohibit a late fee from being imposed on the borrower with respect to any payment on the mortgage loan .
See RESPA section 6 ( d ) ( 12 U.S.C. 2605 ( d ) ) .
2. Compliance with § 1024.39 .
A transferee servicer 's compliance with § 1024.39 during the 60 - day period beginning on the effective date of a servicing transfer does not constitute treating a payment as late for purposes of § 1024.33 ( c ) ( 1 ) .
§ 1024.34--Timely Escrow Payments and Treatment of Escrow Balances
Paragraph 34 ( b ) ( 1 ) .
1. Netting of funds .
Section 1024.34 ( b ) ( 1 ) does not prohibit a servicer from netting any remaining funds in an escrow account against the outstanding balance of the borrower 's mortgage loan .
Paragraph 34 ( b ) ( 2 ) .
1. Refund always permissible .
A servicer is not required to credit funds in an escrow account to an escrow account for a new mortgage loan and may , in all circumstances , comply with the requirements of § 1024.34 ( b ) by refunding the funds in the escrow account to the borrower pursuant to § 1024.34 ( b ) ( 1 ) .
2. Borrower agreement .
A borrower may agree either orally or in writing to a servicer 's crediting of any remaining balance in an escrow account to a new escrow account for a new mortgage loan pursuant to § 1024.34 ( b ) ( 2 ) .
§ 1024.35-- Error Resolution Procedures
35 ( a ) Notice of error .
1. Borrower 's representative .
A notice of error is submitted by a borrower if the notice of error is submitted by an agent of the borrower .
A servicer may undertake reasonable procedures to determine if a person that claims to be an agent of a borrower has authority from the borrower to act on the borrower 's behalf , for example , by requiring that a person that claims to be an agent of the borrower provide documentation from the borrower stating that the purported agent is acting on the borrower 's behalf .
Upon receipt of such documentation , the servicer shall treat the notice of error as having been submitted by the borrower .
2. Information request .
A servicer should not rely solely on the borrower 's description of a submission to determine whether the submission constitutes a notice of error under § 1024.35 ( a ) , an information request under § 1024.36 ( a ) , or both .
For example , a borrower may submit a letter that claims to be a " Notice of Error " that indicates that the borrower wants to receive the information set forth in an annual escrow account statement and asserts an error for the servicer 's failure to provide the borrower an annual escrow statement .
Such a letter may constitute an information request under § 1024.36 ( a ) that triggers an obligation by the servicer to provide an annual escrow statement .
A servicer should not rely on the borrower 's characterization of the letter as a " Notice of Error , " but must evaluate whether the letter fulfills the substantive requirements of a notice of error , information request , or both .
35 (b ) Scope of error resolution .
1. Noncovered errors .
A servicer is not required to comply with § 1024.35 ( d ) , ( e ) and ( i ) with respect to a borrower 's assertion of an error that is not defined as an error in § 1024.35 ( b ) .
For example , the following are not errors for purposes of § 1024.35 :
i . An error relating to the origination of a mortgage loan ;
ii .
An error relating to the underwriting of a mortgage loan ;
iii .
An error relating to a subsequent sale or securitization of a mortgage loan ;
iv .
An error relating to a determination to sell , assign , or transfer the servicing of a mortgage loan .
However , an error relating to the failure to transfer accurately and timely information relating to the servicing of a borrower 's mortgage loan account to a transferee servicer is an error for purposes of § 1024.35 .
2. Unreasonable basis .
For purposes of § 1024.35 ( b ) ( 5 ) , a servicer lacks a reasonable basis to impose fees that are not bona fide , such as :
i . A late fee for a payment that was not late ;
ii .
A charge imposed by a service provider for a service that was not actually rendered ;
iii .
A default property management fee for borrowers that are not in a delinquency status that would justify the charge ; or
iv .
A charge for force - placed insurance in a circumstance not permitted by § 1024.37 .
35 ( c ) Contact information for borrowers to assert errors .
1. Exclusive address not required .
A servicer is not required to designate a specific address that a borrower must use to assert an error .
If a servicer does not designate a specific address that a borrower must use to assert an error , a servicer must respond to a notice of error received by any office of the servicer .
2. Notice of an exclusive address .
A notice establishing an address that a borrower must use to assert an error may be included with a different disclosure , such as a notice of transfer .
The notice is subject to the clear and conspicuous requirement in § 1024.32 ( a ) ( 1 ) .
If a servicer establishes an address that a borrower must use to assert an error , a servicer must provide that address to the borrower in the following contexts :
i . The written notice designating the specific address , required pursuant to § 1024.35 ( c ) and § 1024.36 ( b ) .
ii .
Any periodic statement or coupon book required pursuant to 12 CFR 1026.41 .
iii .
Any Web site the servicer maintains in connection with the servicing of the loan .
iv .
Any notice required pursuant to §§ 1024.39 or .41 that includes contact information for assistance .
3. Multiple offices .
A servicer may designate multiple office addresses for receiving notices of errors .
However , a servicer is required to comply with the requirements of § 1024.35 with respect to a notice of error received at any such designated address regardless of whether that specific address was provided to a specific borrower asserting an error .
For example , a servicer may designate an address to receive notices of error for borrowers located in California and a separate address to receive notices of errors for borrowers located in Texas .
If a borrower located in California asserts an error through the address used by the servicer for borrowers located in Texas , the servicer is still considered to have received a notice of error and must comply with the requirements of § 1024.35 .
4. Internet intake of notices of error .
A servicer may , but need not , establish a process for receiving notices of error through email , Web site form , or other online intake methods .
Any such online intake process shall be in addition to , and not in lieu of , any process for receiving notices of error by mail .
The process or processes established by the servicer for receiving notices of error through an online intake method shall be the exclusive online intake process or processes for receiving notices of error .
A servicer is not required to provide a separate notice to a borrower to establish a specific online intake process as an exclusive online process for receiving such notices of error .
35(e ) Response to notice of error .
35(e ) (1 ) Investigation and response requirements .
Paragraph 35 (e ) ( 1 ) ( i ) .
1. Notices alleging multiple errors ; separate responses permitted .
A servicer may respond to a notice of error that alleges multiple errors through either a single response or separate responses that address each asserted error .
Paragraph 35 (e ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) .
1. Different or additional errors ; separate responses permitted .
A servicer may provide the response required by § 1024.35 (e ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) for different or additional errors identified by the servicer in the same notice that responds to errors asserted by the borrower pursuant to § 1024.35 ( e ) ( 1 ) ( i ) or in a separate response that addresses the different or additional errors identified by the servicer .
35(e ) (3 ) Time limits .
35(e ) ( 3 ) ( i )
In general .
Paragraph 35 (e ) ( 3 ) ( i ) ( B ) .
1. Foreclosure sale timing .
If a servicer cannot comply with its obligations pursuant to § 1024.35 (e ) by the earlier of a foreclosure sale or 30 days after receipt of the notice of error , a servicer may cancel or postpone a foreclosure sale , in which case the servicer would meet the time limit in § 1024.35 ( e ) ( 3 ) ( i ) ( B ) by complying with the requirements of § 1024.35 ( e ) before the earlier of 30 days after receipt of the notice of error ( excluding legal public holidays , Saturdays , and Sundays ) or the date of the rescheduled foreclosure sale .
35(e ) ( 3 ) ( ii ) Extension of time limit .
1. Notices alleging multiple errors ; extension of time .
A servicer may treat a notice of error that alleges multiple errors as separate notices of error and may extend the time period for responding to each asserted error for which an extension is permissible under § 1024.35(e ) ( 3 ) ( ii ) .
35(e ) (4 ) Copies of documentation .
1. Types of documents to be provided .
A servicer is required to provide only those documents actually relied upon by the servicer to determine that no error occurred .
Such documents may include documents reflecting information entered in a servicer 's collection system .
For example , in response to an asserted error regarding payment allocation , a servicer may provide a printed screen - capture showing amounts credited to principal , interest , escrow , or other charges in the servicer 's system for the borrower 's mortgage loan account .
35(g ) Requirements not applicable .
35 ( g ) (1 ) In general .
Paragraph 35 ( g ) ( 1 ) ( i ) .
1. New and material information .
A dispute between a borrower and a servicer with respect to whether information was previously reviewed by a servicer or with respect to whether a servicer properly determined that information reviewed was not material to its determination of the existence of an error , does not itself constitute new and material information .
Paragraph 35 ( g ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) .
1. Examples of overbroad notices of error .
The following are examples of notices of error that are overbroad :
i . Assertions of errors regarding substantially all aspects of a mortgage loan , including errors relating to all aspects of mortgage origination , mortgage servicing , and foreclosure , as well as errors relating to the crediting of substantially every borrower payment and escrow account transaction ;
ii .
Assertions of errors in the form of a judicial action complaint , subpoena , or discovery request that purports to require servicers to respond to each numbered paragraph ; and
iii .
Assertions of errors in a form that is not reasonably understandable or is included with voluminous tangential discussion or requests for information , such that a servicer cannot reasonably identify from the notice of error any error for which § 1024.35 requires a response .
35(h ) Payment requirements prohibited .
1. Borrower obligation to make payments .
Section 1024.35 (h ) prohibits a servicer from requiring a borrower to make a payment that may be owed on a borrower 's account as a prerequisite to investigating or responding to a notice of error submitted by a borrower , but does not alter or otherwise affect a borrower 's obligation to make payments owed pursuant to the terms of a mortgage loan .
For example , if a borrower makes a monthly payment in February for a mortgage loan , but asserts an error relating to the servicer 's acceptance of the February payment , § 1024.35 ( h ) does not alter a borrower 's obligation to make a monthly payment that the borrower owes for March .
A servicer , however , may not require that a borrower make the March payment as a condition for complying with its obligations under § 1024.35 with respect to the notice of error on the February payment .
§ 1024.36--Requests for Information
36 (a ) Information request .
1. Borrower 's representative .
An information request is submitted by a borrower if the information request is submitted by an agent of the borrower .
A servicer may undertake reasonable procedures to determine if a person that claims to be an agent of a borrower has authority from the borrower to act on the borrower 's behalf , for example , by requiring that a person that claims to be an agent of the borrower provide documentation from the borrower stating that the purported agent is acting on the borrower 's behalf .
Upon receipt of such documentation , the servicer shall treat the request for information as having been submitted by the borrower .
2 . Owner or assignee of a mortgage loan .
i.
When a loan is not held in a trust for which an appointed trustee receives payments on behalf of the trust , a servicer complies with § 1024.36 (d ) by responding to a request for information regarding the owner or assignee of a mortgage loan by identifying the person on whose behalf the servicer receives payments from the borrower .
A servicer is not the owner or assignee for purposes of § 1024.36 (d ) if the servicer holds title to the loan , or title is assigned to the servicer , solely for the administrative convenience of the servicer in servicing the mortgage loan obligation .
The Government National Mortgage Association is not the owner or assignee for purposes of such requests for information solely as a result of its role as the guarantor of the security in which the loan serves as the collateral .
ii .
When the loan is held in a trust for which an appointed trustee receives payments on behalf of the trust , a servicer complies with § 1024.36 (d ) by responding to a borrower 's request for information regarding the owner , assignee , or trust of the mortgage loan with the following information , as applicable :
A. For any request for information where the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation is not the owner of the loan or the trustee of the securitization trust in which the loan is held :
The name of the trust , and the name , address , and appropriate contact information for the trustee .
Assume , for example , a mortgage loan is owned by Mortgage Loan Trust , Series ABC - - 1 , for which XYZ Trust Company is the trustee .
The servicer complies with § 1024.36 (d ) by identifying the owner as Mortgage Loan Trust , Series ABC - - 1 , and providing the name , address , and appropriate contact information for XYZ Trust Company as the trustee .
B . If the request for information did not expressly request the name or number of the trust or pool and the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation is the owner of the loan or the trustee of the securitization trust in which the loan is held :
The name and contact information for the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation , as applicable , without also providing the name of the trust .
C. If the request for information did expressly request the name or number of the trust or pool and the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation is the owner of the loan or the trustee of the securitization trust in which the loan is held :
The name of the trust , and the name , address , and appropriate contact information for the trustee , as in comment 36 ( a ) -- 2.ii .
A above .
36 (b ) Contact information for borrowers to request information .
1. Exclusive address not required .
A servicer is not required to designate a specific address that a borrower must use to request information .
If a servicer does not designate a specific address that a borrower must use to request information , a servicer must respond to an information request received by any office of the servicer .
2. Notice of an exclusive address .
A notice establishing an address that a borrower must use to request information may be included with a different disclosure , such as a notice of transfer .
The notice is subject to the clear and conspicuous requirement in § 1024.32 ( a ) ( 1 ) .
If a servicer establishes an address that a borrower must use to request information , a servicer must provide that address to the borrower in the following contexts :
i . The written notice designating the specific address , required pursuant to § 1024.35 ( c ) and § 1024.36 ( b ) .
ii .
Any periodic statement or coupon book required pursuant to 12 CFR 1026.41 .
iii .
Any Web site the servicer maintains in connection with the servicing of the loan .
iv .
Any notice required pursuant to §§ 1024.39 or .41 that includes contact information for assistance .
3. Multiple offices .
A servicer may designate multiple office addresses for receiving information requests .
However , a servicer is required to comply with the requirements of § 1024.36 with respect to an information request received at any such address regardless of whether that specific address was provided to a specific borrower requesting information .
For example , a servicer may designate an address to receive information requests for borrowers located in California and a separate address to receive information requests for borrowers located in Texas .
If a borrower located in California requests information through the address used by the servicer for borrowers located in Texas , the servicer is still considered to have received an information request and must comply with the requirements of § 1024.36 .
4. Internet intake of information requests .
A servicer may , but need not , establish a process for receiving information requests through email , Web site form , or other online intake methods .
Any such online intake process shall be in addition to , and not in lieu of , any process for receiving information requests by mail .
The process or processes established by the servicer for receiving information requests through an online intake method shall be the exclusive online intake process or processes for receiving information requests .
A servicer is not required to provide a separate notice to a borrower to establish a specific online intake process as an exclusive online process for receiving information requests .
36(d ) Response to information request .
36(d ) (1 ) Investigation and response requirements .
Paragraph 36 ( d ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) .
1. Information not available .
Information is not available if :
i . The information is not in the servicer 's control or possession , or
ii .
The information cannot be retrieved in the ordinary course of business through reasonable efforts .
2. Examples .
The following examples illustrate when information is available ( or not available ) to a servicer under § 1024.36(d ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) :
i . A borrower requests a copy of a telephonic communication with a servicer .
The servicer 's personnel have access in the ordinary course of business to audio recording files with organized recordings or transcripts of borrower telephone calls and can identify the communication referred to by the borrower through reasonable business efforts .
The information requested by the borrower is available to the servicer .
ii .
A borrower requests information stored on electronic back - up media .
Information on electronic back - up media is not accessible by the servicer 's personnel in the ordinary course of business without undertaking extraordinary efforts to identify and restore the information from the electronic back - up media .
The information requested by the borrower is not available to the servicer .
iii .
A borrower requests information stored at an offsite document storage facility .
A servicer has a right to access documents at the offsite document storage facility and servicer personnel can access those documents through reasonable efforts in the ordinary course of business .
The information requested by the borrower is available to the servicer assuming that the information can be found within the offsite documents with reasonable efforts .
36(f ) Requirements not applicable .
36 (f ) (1 ) In general .
Paragraph 36 ( f ) ( 1 ) ( i ) .
1 . A borrower 's request for a type of information that can change over time is not substantially the same as a previous information request for the same type of information if the subsequent request covers a different time period than the prior request .
Paragraph 36 ( f ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) .
1. Confidential , proprietary or privileged information .
A request for confidential , proprietary or privileged information of a servicer is not an information request for which the servicer is required to comply with the requirements of § 1024.36 ( c ) and ( d ) .
Confidential , proprietary or privileged information may include information requests relating to , for example :
i . Information regarding management or profitability of a servicer , including information provided to investors in the servicer .
ii .
Compensation , bonuses , or personnel actions relating to servicer personnel , including personnel responsible for servicing a borrower 's mortgage loan account ;
iii .
Records of examination reports , compliance audits , borrower complaints , and internal investigations or external investigations ; or
iv .
Information protected by the attorney - client privilege .
Paragraph 36 ( f ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) .
1. Examples of irrelevant information .
The following are examples of irrelevant information :
i . Information that relates to the servicing of mortgage loans other than a borrower 's mortgage loan , including information reported to the owner of a mortgage loan regarding individual or aggregate collections for mortgage loans owned by that entity ;
ii .
The servicer 's training program for servicing personnel ;
iii .
The servicer 's servicing program guide ; or
iv .
Investor instructions or requirements for servicers regarding criteria for negotiating or approving any program with a borrower , including any loss mitigation option .
Paragraph 36 ( f ) ( 1 ) ( iv ) .
1. Examples of overbroad or unduly burdensome requests for information .
The following are examples of requests for information that are overbroad or unduly burdensome :
i . Requests for information that seek documents relating to substantially all aspects of mortgage origination , mortgage servicing , mortgage sale or securitization , and foreclosure , including , for example , requests for all mortgage loan file documents , recorded mortgage instruments , servicing information and documents , and sale or securitization information and documents ;
ii .
Requests for information that are not reasonably understandable or are included with voluminous tangential discussion or assertions of errors ;
iii .
Requests for information that purport to require servicers to provide information in specific formats , such as in a transcript , letter form in a columnar format , or spreadsheet , when such information is not ordinarily stored in such format ; and
iv .
Requests for information that are not reasonably likely to assist a borrower with the borrower 's account , including , for example , a request for copies of the front and back of all physical payment instruments ( such as checks , drafts , or wire transfer confirmations ) that show payments made by the borrower to the servicer and payments made by a servicer to an owner or assignee of a mortgage loan .
36 (i ) Potential successors in interest .
1. Requests that indicate that the person may be a successor in interest .
Section 1024.36 ( i ) requires a servicer to respond to certain written requests received from a person that indicate the person may be a successor in interest .
Examples of written requests that indicate that the person may be a successor in interest include , without limitation , a written statement from a person other than a borrower indicating that there has been a transfer of ownership or of an ownership interest in the property to the person or that a borrower has been divorced , legally separated , or died , or a written loss mitigation application received from a person other than a borrower .
2 . Time limits .
A servicer must respond to a request under § 1024.36 ( i ) not later than the time limits set forth in § 1024.36 ( d ) ( 2 ) .
Servicers subject to § 1024.38 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( vi ) ( B ) must also maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure that , upon receiving notice of the existence of a potential successor in interest , the servicer can promptly determine the documents the servicer reasonably requires to confirm that person 's identity and ownership interest in the property and promptly provide to the potential successor in interest a description of those documents and how the person may submit a written request under § 1024.36 ( i ) ( including the appropriate address ) .
Depending on the facts and circumstances of the request , responding promptly may require a servicer to respond more quickly than the time limits established in § 1024.36 ( d ) ( 2 ) .
3. Potential successor in interest 's representative .
An information request pursuant to § 1024.36 ( i ) is submitted by a potential successor in interest if the information request is submitted by an agent of the potential successor in interest .
A servicer may undertake reasonable procedures to determine if a person that claims to be an agent of a potential successor in interest has authority from the potential successor in interest to act on the potential successor in interest 's behalf , for example , by requiring that a person that claims to be an agent of the potential successor in interest provide documentation from the potential successor in interest stating that the purported agent is acting on the potential successor in interest 's behalf .
Upon receipt of such documentation , the servicer shall treat the request for information as having been submitted by the potential successor in interest .
§ 1024.37-- Force - Placed Insurance
37(a ) Definition of force - placed insurance .
37 ( a ) (2 ) Types of insurance not considered force - placed insurance .
Paragraph 37 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( iii ) .
1. Servicer 's discretion .
Hazard insurance paid by a servicer at its discretion refers to circumstances in which a servicer pays a borrower 's hazard insurance even though the servicer is not required by § 1024.
17 ( k ) ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , or ( 5 ) to do so .
37 (b ) Basis for charging force - placed insurance .
1. Reasonable basis to believe .
Section § 1024.37 ( b ) prohibits a servicer from assessing on a borrower a premium charge or fee related to force - placed insurance unless the servicer has a reasonable basis to believe that the borrower has failed to comply with the loan contract 's requirement to maintain hazard insurance .
Information about a borrower 's hazard insurance received by a servicer from the borrower , the borrower 's insurance provider , or the borrower 's insurance agent , may provide a servicer with a reasonable basis to believe that the borrower has either complied with or failed to comply with the loan contract 's requirement to maintain hazard insurance .
If a servicer receives no such information , the servicer may satisfy the reasonable basis to believe standard if the servicer acts with reasonable diligence to ascertain a borrower 's hazard insurance status and does not receive from the borrower , or otherwise have evidence of insurance coverage as provided in § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) .
A servicer that complies with the notification requirements set forth in § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( i ) and ( ii ) has acted with reasonable diligence .
37(c ) Requirements before charging borrower for force - placed insurance .
37 ( c ) (1 ) In general .
Paragraph 37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( i ) .
1. Assessing premium charge or fee .
Subject to the requirements of § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( i ) through ( iii ) , if not prohibited by State or other applicable law , a servicer may charge a borrower for force - placed insurance the servicer purchased , retroactive to the first day of any period of time in which the borrower did not have hazard insurance in place .
Paragraph 37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) .
1. Extension of time .
Applicable law , such as State law or the terms and conditions of a borrower 's insurance policy , may provide for an extension of time to pay the premium on a borrower 's hazard insurance after the due date .
If a premium payment is made within such time , and the insurance company accepts the payment with no lapse in insurance coverage , then the borrower 's hazard insurance is deemed to have had hazard insurance coverage continuously for purposes of § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) .
2. Evidence demonstrating insurance .
As evidence of continuous hazard insurance coverage that complies with the loan contract 's requirements , a servicer may require a copy of the borrower 's hazard insurance policy declaration page , the borrower 's insurance certificate , the borrower 's insurance policy , or other similar forms of written confirmation .
A servicer may reject evidence of hazard insurance coverage submitted by the borrower if neither the borrower 's insurance provider nor insurance agent provides confirmation of the insurance information submitted by the borrower , or if the terms and conditions of the borrower 's hazard insurance policy do not comply with the borrower 's loan contract requirements .
Paragraph 37 ( c ) ( 2 ) ( v ) .
1. Identifying type of hazard insurance .
If the terms of a mortgage loan contract requires a borrower to purchase both a homeowners ' insurance policy and a separate hazard insurance policy to insure against loss resulting from hazards not covered under the borrower 's homeowners ' insurance policy , a servicer must disclose whether it is the borrower 's homeowners ' insurance policy or the separate hazard insurance policy for which it lacks evidence of coverage to comply with § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 2 ) ( v ) .
37(d ) Reminder notice .
37(d ) (1 ) In general .
1 . When a servicer is required to deliver or place in the mail the written notice pursuant to § 1024.37 ( d ) ( 1 ) , the content of the reminder notice will be different depending on the insurance information the servicer has received from the borrower .
For example :
i . Assume that , on June 1 , the servicer places in the mail the written notice required by § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( i ) to Borrower A .
The servicer does not receive any insurance information from Borrower A .
The servicer must deliver to Borrower A or place in the mail a reminder notice , with the information required by § 1024.37 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( i ) , at least 30 days after June 1 and at least 15 days before the servicer charges Borrower A for force - placed insurance .
ii .
Assume the same example , except that Borrower A provides the servicer with insurance information on June 18 , but the servicer cannot verify that Borrower A has hazard insurance in place continuously based on the information Borrower A provided ( e.g. , the servicer cannot verify that Borrower A had coverage between June 10 and June 15 ) .
The servicer must either deliver to Borrower A or place in the mail a reminder notice , with the information required by in § 1024.37 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( ii ) , at least 30 days after June 1 and at least 15 days before charging Borrower A for force - placed insurance it obtains for the period between June 10 and June 15 .
37(d ) (2 ) Content of reminder notice .
37(d ) ( 2 ) ( i )
Servicer receiving no insurance information .
Paragraph 37(d ) ( 2 ) ( i ) ( D ) .
1. Reasonable estimate of the cost of force - placed insurance .
Differences between the amount of the estimated cost disclosed under § 1024.37( d ) ( 2 ) ( i ) ( D ) and the actual cost later assessed to the borrower are permissible , so long as the estimated cost is based on the information reasonably available to the servicer at the time the disclosure is provided .
For example , a mortgage investor 's requirements may provide that the amount of coverage for force - placed insurance depends on the borrower 's delinquency status ( the number of days the borrower 's mortgage payment is past due ) .
The amount of coverage affects the cost of force - placed insurance .
A servicer that provides an estimate of the cost of force - placed insurance based on the borrower 's delinquency status at the time the disclosure is made complies with § 1024.37( d ) ( 2 ) ( i ) ( D ) .
37(d ) (5 ) Updating notice with borrower information .
1. Reasonable time .
If the written notice required by § 1024.37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) was put into production a reasonable time prior to the servicer delivering or placing the notice in the mail , the servicer is not required to update the notice with new insurance information received .
For purposes of § 1024.37 ( d ) ( 5 ) , a reasonable time is no more than five days ( excluding legal holidays , Saturdays , and Sundays ) .
37(e ) Renewal or replacing force - placed insurance .
37(e ) (1 ) In general .
1. For purposes of § 1024.37(e ) ( 1 ) , as evidence that the borrower has purchased hazard insurance coverage that complies with the loan contract 's requirements , a servicer may require a borrower to provide a form of written confirmation as described in comment 37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) - - 2 , and may reject evidence of coverage submitted by the borrower for the reasons described in comment 37 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) - - 2 .
37(e ) ( 1 ) ( iii )
Charging before end of notice period .
1. Example . Section 1024.37(e ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) permits a servicer to assess on a borrower a premium charge or fee related to renewing or replacing existing force - placed insurance promptly after the servicer receives evidence demonstrating that the borrower lacked hazard insurance coverage in compliance with the loan contract 's requirements to maintain hazard insurance for any period of time following the expiration of the existing force - placed insurance .
To illustrate , assume that on January 2 , the servicer sends the notice required by § 1024.37(e ) ( 1 ) ( i ) .
At 12:01 a.m. on January 12 , the existing force - placed insurance the servicer had purchased on the borrower 's property expires and the servicer replaces the expired force - placed insurance policy with a new policy .
On February 5 , the servicer receives evidence demonstrating the borrower has hazard insurance effective since 12:01 a.m. on January 31 .
The servicer may charge the borrower for force - placed insurance covering the period from 12:01 a.m. January 12 to 12:01 a.m. January 31 , as early as February 5 .
Paragraph 37(e ) ( 2 ) ( vii ) .
1. Reasonable estimate of the cost of force - placed insurance .
The reasonable estimate requirement set forth in § 1024.37(e ) ( 2 ) ( vii ) is the same reasonable estimate requirement set forth in § 1024.37 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( i ) ( D ) .
See comment 37 ( d ) ( 2 ) ( i ) ( D ) -- 1 regarding the reasonable estimate .
37(g ) Cancellation of force - placed insurance .
Paragraph 37 ( g ) ( 2 ) .
1. Period of overlapping insurance coverage .
Section 1024.37 ( g ) ( 2 ) requires a servicer to refund to a borrower all force - placed insurance premium charges and related fees paid by the borrower for any period of overlapping insurance coverage and remove from the borrower 's account all force - placed insurance charges and related fees for such period .
A period of overlapping insurance coverage means the period of time during which the force - placed insurance purchased by a servicer and the hazard insurance purchased by a borrower were in effect at the same time .
Section 1024.38 General Servicing Policies , Procedures , and Requirements
38 (a ) Reasonable policies and procedures .
1. Policies and procedures .
A servicer may determine the specific policies and procedures it will adopt and the methods by which it will implement those policies and procedures so long as they are reasonably designed to achieve the objectives set forth in § 1024.38 ( b ) .
A servicer has flexibility to determine such policies and procedures and methods in light of the size , nature , and scope of the servicer 's operations , including , for example , the volume and aggregate unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans serviced , the credit quality , including the default risk , of the mortgage loans serviced , and the servicer 's history of consumer complaints .
2. Procedures used .
The term " procedures " refers to the actual practices followed by a servicer for achieving the objectives set forth in § 1024.38 ( b ) .
38 (b ) Objectives .
38 ( b ) (1 ) Accessing and providing timely and accurate information .
Paragraph 38 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) .
1. Errors committed by service providers .
A servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to provide for promptly obtaining information from service providers to facilitate achieving the objective of correcting errors resulting from actions of service providers , including obligations arising pursuant to § 1024.35 .
Paragraph 38 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( iv ) .
1. Accurate and current information for owners or assignees of mortgage loans relating to loan modifications .
The relevant current information to owners or assignees of mortgage loans includes , among other things , information about a servicer 's evaluation of borrowers for loss mitigation options and a servicer 's agreements with borrowers on loss mitigation options , including loan modifications .
Such information includes , for example , information regarding the date , terms , and features of loan modifications , the components of any capitalized arrears , the amount of any servicer advances , and any assumptions regarding the value of a property used in evaluating any loss mitigation options .
Paragraph 38 ( b ) ( 1 ) ( vi ) .
1. Identification of potential successors in interest .
A servicer may be notified of the existence of a potential successor in interest in a variety of ways .
For example , a person could indicate that there has been a transfer of ownership or of an ownership interest in the property or that a borrower has been divorced , legally separated , or died , or a person other than a borrower could submit a loss mitigation application .
A servicer must maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the servicer can retain this information and promptly facilitate communication with potential successors in interest when a servicer is notified of their existence .
A servicer is not required to conduct a search for potential successors in interest if the servicer has not received actual notice of their existence .
2. Documents reasonably required .
The documents a servicer requires to confirm a potential successor in interest 's identity and ownership interest in the property must be reasonable in light of the laws of the relevant jurisdiction , the specific situation of the potential successor in interest , and the documents already in the servicer 's possession .
The required documents may , where appropriate , include , for example , a death certificate , an executed will , or a court order .
The required documents may also include documents that the servicer reasonably believes are necessary to prevent fraud or other criminal activity ( for example , if a servicer has reason to believe that documents presented are forged ) .
3. Examples of reasonable requirements .
Because the relevant law governing each situation may vary from State to State , the following examples are illustrative only .
The examples illustrate what documents it would generally be reasonable for a servicer to require to confirm a potential successor in interest 's identity and ownership interest in the property under the specific circumstances described .
i . Tenancy by the entirety or joint tenancy .
Assume that a servicer knows that the potential successor in interest and the transferor borrower owned the property as tenants by the entirety or joint tenants and that the transferor borrower has died .
Assume further that , upon the death of the transferor borrower , the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction does not require a probate proceeding to establish that the potential successor in interest has sole interest in the property but requires only that there be a prior recorded deed listing both the potential successor in interest and the transferor borrower as tenants by the entirety ( e.g. , married grantees ) or joint tenants .
Under these circumstances , it would be reasonable for the servicer to require the potential successor in interest to provide documentation of the recorded instrument , if the servicer does not already have it , and the death certificate of the transferor borrower .
Because in this situation a probate proceeding is not required under the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction , it generally would not be reasonable for the servicer to require documentation of a probate proceeding .
ii .
Affidavits of heirship .
Assume that a potential successor in interest indicates that an ownership interest in the property transferred to the potential successor in interest upon the death of the transferor borrower through intestate succession and offers an affidavit of heirship as confirmation .
Assume further that , upon the death of the transferor borrower , the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction does not require a probate proceeding to establish that the potential successor in interest has an interest in the property but requires only an appropriate affidavit of heirship .
Under these circumstances , it would be reasonable for the servicer to require the potential successor in interest to provide the affidavit of heirship and the death certificate of the transferor borrower .
Because a probate proceeding is not required under the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction to recognize the transfer of title , it generally would not be reasonable for the servicer to require documentation of a probate proceeding .
iii .
Divorce or legal separation .
Assume that a potential successor in interest indicates that an ownership interest in the property transferred to the potential successor in interest from a spouse who is a borrower as a result of a property agreement incident to a divorce proceeding .
Assume further that the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction does not require a deed conveying the interest in the property but accepts a final divorce decree and accompanying separation agreement executed by both spouses to evidence transfer of title .
Under these circumstances , it would be reasonable for the servicer to require the potential successor in interest to provide documentation of the final divorce decree and an executed separation agreement .
Because the applicable law of the relevant jurisdiction does not require a deed , it generally would not be reasonable for the servicer to require a deed .
iv .
Living spouses or parents .
Assume that a potential successor in interest indicates that an ownership interest in the property transferred to the potential successor in interest from a living spouse or parent who is a borrower by quitclaim deed or act of donation .
Under these circumstances , it would be reasonable for the servicer to require the potential successor in interest to provide the quitclaim deed or act of donation .
It generally would not be reasonable , however , for the servicer to require additional documents .
4. Additional documentation required for confirmation determination .
Section 1024.38 ( b) ( 1 ) ( vi ) ( C ) requires a servicer to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure that , upon receipt of the documents identified by the servicer , the servicer promptly notifies a potential successor in interest that , as applicable , the servicer has confirmed the potential successor in interest 's status , has determined that additional documents are required , or has determined that the potential successor in interest is not a successor in interest .
If a servicer reasonably determines that it cannot make a determination of the potential successor in interest 's status based on the documentation provided , it must specify what additional documentation is required .
For example , if there is pending litigation involving the potential successor in interest and other claimants regarding who has title to the property at issue , a servicer may specify that documentation of a court determination or other resolution of the litigation is required .
5. Prompt confirmation and loss mitigation .
A servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to ensure that the servicer can promptly notify the potential successor in interest that the servicer has confirmed the potential successor in interest 's status .
Notification is not prompt for purposes of this requirement if it unreasonably interferes with a successor in interest 's ability to apply for loss mitigation options according to the procedures provided in § 1024.41 .
38 ( b ) (2 ) Properly evaluating loss mitigation applications .
Paragraph 38 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( ii ) .
1. Means of identifying all available loss mitigation options .
Servicers must develop policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to enable servicer personnel to identify all loss mitigation options available for mortgage loans currently serviced by the mortgage servicer .
For example , a servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to address how a servicer specifically identifies , with respect to each owner or assignee , all of the loss mitigation options that the servicer may consider when evaluating any borrower for a loss mitigation option and the criteria that should be applied by a servicer when evaluating a borrower for such options .
In addition , a servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to address how the servicer will apply any specific thresholds for eligibility for a particular loss mitigation option established by an owner or assignee of a mortgage loan ( e.g. , if the owner or assignee requires that a servicer only make a particular loss mitigation option available to a certain percentage of the loans that the servicer services for that owner or assignee , then the servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to determine in advance how the servicer will apply that threshold to those mortgage loans ) .
A servicer 's policies and procedures must also be reasonably designed to ensure that such information is readily accessible to the servicer personnel involved with loss mitigation , including personnel made available to the borrower as described in § 1024.40 .
Paragraph 38 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( v ) .
1. Owner or assignee requirements .
A servicer must have policies and procedures reasonably designed to evaluate a borrower for a loss mitigation option consistent with any owner or assignee requirements , even where the requirements of § 1024.41 may be inapplicable .
For example , an owner or assignee may require that a servicer implement certain procedures to review a loss mitigation application submitted by a borrower less than 37 days before a foreclosure sale .
Further , an owner or assignee may require that a servicer implement certain procedures to reevaluate a borrower who has demonstrated a material change in the borrower 's financial circumstances for a loss mitigation option after the servicer 's initial evaluation .
A servicer must have policies and procedures reasonably designed to implement these requirements even if such loss mitigation evaluations may not be required pursuant to § 1024.41 .
38 ( b ) (3 ) Facilitating oversight of , and compliance by , service providers .
Paragraph 38 ( b ) ( 3 ) ( iii ) .
1. Sharing information with service provider personnel handling foreclosure proceedings .
A servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to ensure that servicer personnel promptly inform service provider personnel handling foreclosure proceedings that the servicer has received a complete loss mitigation application and promptly instruct foreclosure counsel to take any step required by § 1024.41 ( g ) sufficiently timely to avoid violating the prohibition against moving for judgment or order of sale , or conducting a foreclosure sale .
38 ( b ) (4 ) Facilitating transfer of information during servicing transfers .
Paragraph 38 ( b ) ( 4 ) ( i ) .
1. Electronic document transfers .
A transferor servicer 's policies and procedures may provide for transferring documents and information electronically , provided that the transfer is conducted in a manner that is reasonably designed to ensure the accuracy of the information and documents transferred and that enables a transferee servicer to comply with its obligations to the owner or assignee of the loan and with applicable law .
For example , a transferor servicer must have policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure that data can be properly and promptly boarded by a transferee servicer 's electronic systems and that all necessary documents and information are available to , and can be appropriately identified by , a transferee servicer .
2. Loss mitigation documents .
A transferor servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to ensure that the transfer includes any information reflecting the current status of discussions with a borrower regarding loss mitigation options , any agreements entered into with a borrower on a loss mitigation option , and any analysis by a servicer with respect to potential recovery from a nonperforming mortgage loan , as appropriate .
Paragraph 38 ( b ) ( 4 ) ( ii ) .
1. Missing loss mitigation documents and information .
A transferee servicer must have policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure , in connection with a servicing transfer , that the transferee servicer receives information regarding any loss mitigation discussions with a borrower , including any copies of loss mitigation agreements .
Further , the transferee servicer 's policies and procedures must address obtaining any such missing information or documents from a transferor servicer before attempting to obtain such information from a borrower .
For example , assume a servicer receives documents or information from a transferor servicer indicating that a borrower has made payments consistent with a trial or permanent loan modification but has not received information about the existence of a trial or permanent loan modification agreement .
The servicer must have policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify whether any such loan modification agreement exists with the transferor servicer and to obtain any such agreement from the transferor servicer .
38 ( b ) (5 ) Informing borrowers of written error resolution and information request procedures .
1. Manner of informing borrowers .
A servicer may comply with the requirement to maintain policies and procedures reasonably designed to inform borrowers of the procedures for submitting written notices of error set forth in § 1024.35 and written information requests set forth in § 1024.36 by informing borrowers , through a notice ( mailed or delivered electronically ) or a Web site .
For example , a servicer may comply with § 1024.38 ( b ) ( 5 ) by including in the periodic statement required pursuant to § 1026.41 a brief statement informing borrowers that borrowers have certain rights under Federal law related to resolving errors and requesting information about their account , and that they may learn more about their rights by contacting the servicer , and a statement directing borrowers to a Web site that provides a description of the procedures set forth in §§ 1024.35 and 1024.36 .
Alternatively , a servicer may also comply with § 1024.38 ( b ) ( 5 ) by including a description of the procedures set forth in §§ 1024.35 and 1024.36 in the written notice required by § 1024.35 ( c ) and § 1024.36 ( b ) .
2. Oral complaints and requests .
A servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to provide information to borrowers who are not satisfied with the resolution of a complaint or request for information submitted orally about the procedures for submitting written notices of error set forth in § 1024.35 and for submitting written requests for information set forth in § 1024.36 .
3. Notices of error incorrectly sent to addresses associated with submission of loss mitigation applications or the continuity of contact .
A servicer 's policies and procedures must be reasonably designed to ensure that if a borrower incorrectly submits an assertion of an error to any address given to the borrower in connection with submission of a loss mitigation application or the continuity of contact pursuant to § 1024.40 , the servicer will inform the borrower of the procedures for submitting written notices of error set forth in § 1024.35 , including the correct address .
Alternatively , the servicer could redirect such notices to the correct address .
38 ( c ) Standard requirements .
38 ( c ) ( 1 ) Record retention .
1. Methods of retaining records .
Retaining records that document actions taken with respect to a borrower 's mortgage loan account does not necessarily mean actual paper copies of documents .
The records may be retained by any method that reproduces the records accurately ( including computer programs ) and that ensures that the servicer can easily access the records ( including a contractual right to access records possessed by another entity ) .
38 ( c ) (2 ) Servicing file .
1. Timing .
A servicer complies with § 1024.38 ( c ) ( 2 ) if it maintains information in a manner that facilitates compliance with § 1024.38 ( c ) ( 2 ) beginning on or after January 10 , 2014 .
A servicer is not required to comply with § 1024.38 ( c ) ( 2 ) with respect to information created prior to January 10 , 2014 .
For example , if a mortgage loan was originated on January 1 , 2013 , a servicer is not required by § 1024.38 ( c ) ( 2 ) to maintain information regarding transactions credited or debited to that mortgage loan account in any particular manner for payments made prior to January 10 , 2014 .
However , for payments made on or after January 10 , 2014 , a servicer must maintain such information in a manner that facilitates compiling such information into a servicing file within five days .
2. Borrower requests for servicing file .
Section 1024.38 ( c ) ( 2 ) does not confer upon any borrower an independent right to access information contained in the servicing file .
Upon receipt of a borrower 's request for a servicing file , a servicer shall provide the borrower with a copy of the information contained in the servicing file for the borrower 's mortgage loan , subject to the procedures and limitations set forth in § 1024.36 .
Paragraph 38 ( c ) ( 2 ) ( iv ) .
1. Report of data fields .
A report of the data fields relating to a borrower 's mortgage loan account created by the servicer 's electronic systems in connection with servicing practices means a report listing the relevant data fields by name , populated with any specific data relating to the borrower 's mortgage loan account .
Examples of data fields relating to a borrower 's mortgage loan account created by the servicer 's electronic systems in connection with servicing practices include fields used to identify the terms of the borrower 's mortgage loan , fields used to identify the occurrence of automated or manual collection calls , fields reflecting the evaluation of a borrower for a loss mitigation option , fields used to identify the owner or assignee of a mortgage loan , and any credit reporting history .
§ 1024.39 -- Early Intervention Requirements for Certain Borrowers
39 (a ) Live contact .
1. Delinquency .
Section 1024.39 requires a servicer to establish or attempt to establish live contact no later than the 36th day of a borrower 's delinquency .
This provision is illustrated as follows :
i . Assume a mortgage loan obligation with a monthly billing cycle and monthly payments of $ 2,000 representing principal , interest , and escrow due on the first of each month .
A . The borrower fails to make a payment of $ 2,000 on , and makes no payment during the 36 - day period after , January 1 .
The servicer must establish or make good faith efforts to establish live contact not later than 36 days after January 1-- i.e. , on or before February 6 .
B . The borrower makes no payments during the period January 1 through April 1 , although payments of $ 2,000 each on January 1 , February 1 , and March 1 are due .
Assuming it is not a leap year , the borrower is 90 days delinquent as of April 1 .
The servicer may time its attempts to establish live contact such that a single attempt will meet the requirements of § 1024.39 ( a ) for two missed payments .
To illustrate , the servicer complies with § 1024.39 ( a ) if the servicer makes a good faith effort to establish live contact with the borrower , for example , on February 5 and again on March 25 .
The February 5 attempt meets the requirements of § 1024.39 ( a ) for both the January 1 and February 1 missed payments .
The March 25 attempt meets the requirements of § 1024.39 ( a ) for the March 1 missed payment .
ii .
A borrower who is performing as agreed under a loss mitigation option designed to bring the borrower current on a previously missed payment is not delinquent for purposes of § 1024.39 .
iii .
During the 60 - day period beginning on the effective date of transfer of the servicing of any mortgage loan , a borrower is not delinquent for purposes of § 1024.39 if the transferee servicer learns that the borrower has made a timely payment that has been misdirected to the transferor servicer and the transferee servicer documents its files accordingly .
See § 1024.33 ( c ) ( 1 ) and comment 33 ( c ) ( 1 ) -- 2 .
iv .
A servicer need not establish live contact with a borrower unless the borrower is delinquent during the 36 days after a payment due date .
If the borrower satisfies a payment in full before the end of the 36 - day period , the servicer need not establish live contact with the borrower .
For example , if a borrower misses a January 1 due date but makes that payment on February 1 , a servicer need not establish or make good faith efforts to establish live contact by February 6 .
2. Establishing live contact .
Live contact provides servicers an opportunity to discuss the circumstances of a borrower 's delinquency .
Live contact with a borrower includes speaking on the telephone or conducting an in - person meeting with the borrower but not leaving a recorded phone message .
A servicer may rely on live contact established at the borrower 's initiative to satisfy the live contact requirement in § 1024.39 ( a ) .
Servicers may also combine contacts made pursuant to § 1024.39 ( a ) with contacts made with borrowers for other reasons , for instance , by telling borrowers on collection calls that loss mitigation options may be available .
3 . Good faith efforts .
Good faith efforts to establish live contact consist of reasonable steps , under the circumstances , to reach a borrower and may include telephoning the borrower on more than one occasion or sending written or electronic communication encouraging the borrower to establish live contact with the servicer .
The length of a borrower 's delinquency , as well as a borrower 's failure to respond to a servicer 's repeated attempts at communication pursuant to § 1024.39 ( a ) , are relevant circumstances to consider .
For example , whereas " good faith efforts " to establish live contact with regard to a borrower with two consecutive missed payments might require a telephone call , " good faith efforts " to establish live contact with regard to an unresponsive borrower with six or more consecutive missed payments might require no more than including a sentence requesting that the borrower contact the servicer with regard to the delinquencies in the periodic statement or in an electronic communication .
Comment 39 ( a ) -- 6 discusses the relationship between live contact and the loss mitigation procedures set forth in § 1024.41 .
4. Promptly inform if appropriate .
i. Servicer 's determination .
It is within a servicer 's reasonable discretion to determine whether informing a borrower about the availability of loss mitigation options is appropriate under the circumstances .
The following examples demonstrate when a servicer has made a reasonable determination regarding the appropriateness of providing information about loss mitigation options .
A . A servicer provides information about the availability of loss mitigation options to a borrower who notifies a servicer during live contact of a material adverse change in the borrower 's financial circumstances that is likely to cause the borrower to experience a long - term delinquency for which loss mitigation options may be available .
B. A servicer does not provide information about the availability of loss mitigation options to a borrower who has missed a January 1 payment and notified the servicer that full late payment will be transmitted to the servicer by February 15 .
ii .
Promptly inform .
If appropriate , a servicer may inform borrowers about the availability of loss mitigation options orally , in writing , or through electronic communication , but the servicer must provide such information promptly after the servicer establishes live contact .
A servicer need not notify a borrower about any particular loss mitigation options at this time ; if appropriate , a servicer need only inform borrowers generally that loss mitigation options may be available .
If appropriate , a servicer may satisfy the requirement in § 1024.39 ( a ) to inform a borrower about loss mitigation options by providing the written notice required by § 1024.39 ( b ) ( 1 ) , but the servicer must provide such notice promptly after the servicer establishes live contact .
5. Borrower 's representative .
Section 1024.39 does not prohibit a servicer from satisfying its requirements by establishing live contact with and , if applicable , providing information about loss mitigation options to a person authorized by the borrower to communicate with the servicer on the borrower 's behalf .
A servicer may undertake reasonable procedures to determine if a person that claims to be an agent of a borrower has authority from the borrower to act on the borrower 's behalf , for example , by requiring a person that claims to be an agent of the borrower to provide documentation from the borrower stating that the purported agent is acting on the borrower 's behalf .
6. Relationship between live contact and loss mitigation procedures .
If the servicer has established and is maintaining ongoing contact with the borrower under the loss mitigation procedures under § 1024.41 , including during the borrower 's completion of a loss mitigation application or the servicer 's evaluation of the borrower 's complete loss mitigation application , or if the servicer has sent the borrower a notice pursuant to § 1024.41 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( ii ) that the borrower is not eligible for any loss mitigation options , the servicer complies with § 1024.39 ( a ) and need not otherwise establish or make good faith efforts to establish live contact .
A servicer must resume compliance with the requirements of § 1024.39 ( a ) for a borrower who becomes delinquent again after curing a prior delinquency .
39 (b ) Written notice .
39 ( b ) (1 ) Notice required .
1. Delinquency .
For guidance on the circumstances under which a borrower is delinquent for purposes of § 1024.39 , see comment 39 ( a ) - - 1 .
For example , if a payment due date is January 1 and the payment remains unpaid during the 45 - day period after January 1 , the servicer must provide the written notice within 45 days after January 1-- i.e. , by February 15 .
However , if a borrower satisfies a late payment in full before the end of the 45 - day period , the servicer need not provide the written notice .
For example , if a borrower misses a January 1 due date but makes that payment on February 1 , a servicer need not provide the written notice by February 15 .
2. Frequency of the written notice .
A servicer need not provide the written notice under § 1024.39 ( b ) more than once during a 180 - day period beginning on the date on which the written notice is provided .
A servicer must provide the written notice under § 1024.39 ( b ) at least once every 180 days to a borrower who is 45 days or more delinquent .
This provision is illustrated as follows : Assume a borrower becomes delinquent on March 1 , the amount due is not fully paid during the 45 days after March 1 , and the servicer provides the written notice on the 45th day after March 1 , which is April 15 .
Assume the borrower also fails to make the payment due on April 1 and the amount due is not fully paid during the 45 days after April 1 .
The servicer need not provide the written notice again until after the 180 - day period beginning on April 15 -- i.e. , no sooner than on October 12 -- and then only if the borrower is at that time 45 days or more delinquent .
i . If the borrower is 45 days or more delinquent on October 12 , the date that is 180 days after the prior provision of the written notice , the servicer is required to provide the written notice again on October 12 .
ii .
If the borrower is less than 45 days delinquent on October 12 , the servicer must again provide the written notice 45 days after the payment due date for which the borrower remains delinquent .
For example , if the borrower becomes delinquent on October 1 , and the amount due is not fully paid during the 45 days after October 1 , the servicer will need to provide the written notice again no later than 45 days after October 1-- i.e. , by November 15 .
3. Borrower 's representative .
Comment 39 ( a ) -- 5 explains how a servicer may satisfy the requirements under § 1024.39 with a person authorized by the borrower to communicate with the servicer on the borrower 's behalf .
4. Relationship to § 1024.39 ( a ) .
The written notice required under § 1024.39 ( b) ( 1 ) must be provided even if the servicer provided information about loss mitigation and foreclosure previously during an oral communication with the borrower under § 1024.39 ( a ) .
5. Servicing transfers .
A transferee servicer is required to comply with the requirements of § 1024.39 ( b ) regardless of whether the transferor servicer provided a written notice to the borrower in the preceding 180 - day period .
However , a transferee servicer is not required to provide a written notice under § 1024.39 ( b ) if the transferor servicer provided the written notice under § 1024.39 ( b ) within 45 days of the transfer date .
For example , assume a borrower has monthly payments , with a payment due on March 1 .
The transferor servicer provides the notice required by § 1024.39 ( b ) on April 10 .
The loan is transferred on April 12 .
Assuming the borrower remains delinquent , the transferee servicer is not required to provide another written notice until 45 days after May 1 , the first post - transfer payment due date -- i.e. , by June 15 .
39 ( b ) (2 ) Content of the written notice .
1. Minimum requirements .
Section 1024.39 ( b) ( 2 ) contains minimum content requirements for the written notice .
A servicer may provide additional information that the servicer determines would be helpful or which may be required by applicable law or the owner or assignee of the mortgage loan .
2. Format .
Any color , number of pages , size and quality of paper , size and type of print , and method of reproduction may be used , provided each of the statements required by § 1024.39 ( b ) ( 2 ) satisfies the clear and conspicuous standard in § 1024.32 ( a ) ( 1 ) .
3. Delivery .
A servicer may satisfy the requirement to provide the written notice by combining other notices that satisfy the content requirements of § 1024.39 ( b ) ( 2 ) into a single mailing , provided each of the statements required by § 1024.39 ( b ) ( 2 ) satisfies the clear and conspicuous standard in § 1024.32 ( a ) ( 1 ) .
Paragraph 39 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( iii ) .
1. Number of examples .
Section 1024.39 ( b) ( 2 ) ( iii ) does not require that a specific number of examples be disclosed , but borrowers are likely to benefit from examples of options that would permit them to retain ownership of their home and examples of options that may require borrowers to end their ownership to avoid foreclosure .
The servicer may include a generic list of loss mitigation options that it offers to borrowers .
The servicer may include a statement that not all borrowers will qualify for the listed options .
2. Brief description .
An example of a loss mitigation option may be described in one or more sentences .
If a servicer offers a loss mitigation option comprising several loss mitigation programs , the servicer may provide a generic description of the option without providing detailed descriptions of each program .
For example , if the servicer offers several loan modification programs , the servicer may provide a generic description of " loan modification . "
Paragraph 39 ( b ) ( 2 ) ( iv ) .
1. Explanation of how the borrower may obtain more information about loss mitigation options .
A servicer may comply with § 1024.39 ( b) ( 2 ) ( iv ) by directing the borrower to contact the servicer for more detailed information on how to apply for loss mitigation options .
For example , a general statement such as , " contact us for instructions on how to apply " would satisfy the requirement to inform the borrower how to obtain more information about loss mitigation options .
However , to expedite the borrower 's timely application for any loss mitigation options , servicers may provide more detailed instructions , such as by listing representative documents the borrower should make available to the servicer ( such as tax filings or income statements ) , and an estimate of how quickly the servicer expects to evaluate a completed application and make a decision on loss mitigation options .
Servicers may also supplement the written notice required by § 1024.39 ( b ) ( 1 ) with a loss mitigation application form .
39 ( c ) Borrowers in bankruptcy .
1. Borrower 's representative .
If the borrower is represented by a person authorized by the borrower to communicate with the servicer on the borrower 's behalf , the servicer may provide the written notice required by § 1024.39 ( b ) , as modified by § 1024.39 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( iii ) , to the borrower 's representative .
See comment 39 ( a ) - - 5 .
In general , bankruptcy counsel is the borrower 's representative .
A serv
Image caption UK resident Binyam Mohamed claims MI5 knew about his torture
David Cameron has said a " judge - led " inquiry will look at claims that UK security services were complicit in the torture of terror suspects .
The prime minister promised compensation for victims if it was found foreign agents had committed abuses with UK counterparts colluding .
Mr Cameron told MPs that to ignore the claims would risk operatives ' reputation " being tarnished " .
On - going criminal and civil cases must end before the inquiry starts , he said .
The " fully independent " investigation , chaired by former Appeal Court judge Sir Peter Gibson , would start before the end of the year and report within a year , the prime minister added .
The Conservatives and Liberal Democrats have long called for an investigation into the claims by Ethiopian - born UK resident Binyam Mohamed that UK security services were aware of his torture by foreign interrogators , who were allegedly fed questions via the CIA .
Mr Cameron told MPs : " For the past few years the reputation of our security services has been overshadowed by allegations about their involvement in the treatment of detainees held by other countries .
" Some of those detainees allege they were mistreated by those countries .
Other allegations have also been made about the UK's involvement in the rendition of detainees in the aftermath of 9/11 .
" These allegations are not proven but today we do face a totally unacceptable situation .
Our services are paralysed by paperwork as they try to defend themselves in lengthy court cases with uncertain rules .
An inquiry done well can help ensure that British abuses are not repeated and restore Britain 's reputation Tom Porteous , Human Rights Watch Q&A : UK torture inquiry
" Our reputation as a country that believes in human rights , fairness and the rule of law - indeed for much of what the services exist to protect - risks being tarnished . "
The panel conducting the inquiry would have access to all relevant papers , the prime minister promised , with some proceedings held in public .
He indicated the government was ready to provide mediation to people pursuing civil cases in relation to their detention in the US - run Guantanamo Bay detention camp .
The prime minister 's spokesman acknowledged the inquiry would have access only to UK papers and personnel - not those of other countries such as the US .
Labour leader Harriet Harman supported the inquiry , saying that any incidents of torture were " morally abhorrent " and a " grave crime against humanity " .
She added : " There must be no hiding place for those who practise it and no excuse for those who turn a blind eye .
" The United Kingdom should always be at the forefront of international efforts to detect and expose torture , and to bring those responsible for it to justice . "
' Stitch - ups '
Mr Mohamed says he was tortured after being held in Pakistan in 2002 , and subsequently moved to Morocco and Afghanistan .
He maintains the only evidence against him was obtained through such methods .
Mr Mohamed also says agents from the UK's MI5 knew about this and fed questions to his interrogators through the CIA .
But UK security services say they do not use or condone torture and the government is publishing the guidance to the UK security services , including a directive not to take any action which they know or believe could lead to torture by operatives from abroad .
Shami Chakrabarti , director of Liberty , said : " An inquiry into British complicity in torture is welcome and overdue but this announcement leaves room for fears that government is bending towards the security establishment .
" They would n't be in this mess but for all the excuses for secret stitch - ups instead of open justice . "
Tom Porteous , UK director of Human Rights Watch , said : " This inquiry must be demonstrably independent , comprehensive and to the greatest extent possible public .
" An inquiry done well can help ensure that British abuses are not repeated and restore Britain 's reputation as an anti-torture champion .
The publication of the guidance is a welcome step .
We will examine the details closely . "
In his assessment of the journalistic implications of the WikiLeaked Afghanistan War Logs earlier this week , Jay Rosen made a provocative prediction :
Reaction will be unbearably lighter than we have a right to expect — not because the story is n’t sensational or troubling enough , but because it ’s too troubling , a mess we cannot fix and therefore prefer to forget … .
The mental model on which most investigative journalism is based states that explosive revelations lead to public outcry ; elites get the message and reform the system .
But what if elites believe that reform is impossible because the problems are too big , the sacrifices too great , the public too distractible ?
What if cognitive dissonance has been insufficiently accounted for in our theories of how great journalism works … and often fails to work ?
It ’s early still , of course , but it ’s all too likely that Rosen ’s forecast — the leaked documents , having exploded , dissolving into a system ill - equipped to deal with them — will prove accurate .
I hope we ’ll be wrong .
In the meantime , though , it ’s worth adding another layer to Rosen ’s analysis : the role of journalists themselves in the leaked documents ’ framing and filtering .
If , indeed , the massive tree that is WikiLeaks has fallen in an empty forest , that will be so not only because of the dynamic between public opinion and political elites who often evade it ; it will also be because of the dynamic between public opinion and those who shape it .
It will be because of assumptions ( sometimes outdated assumptions ) journalists make about their stories ’ movement through , and life within , the world .
The real challenge we face is n’t an empty forest ; it ’s a forest so full — so blooming with growth , so booming with noise — that we forget what a toppling tree sounds like in the first place .
Publication , publicity
It used to be that print and broadcast culture , in general , offered journalists a contained — which is to say , automatic — audience for their work .
When you have subscribers and regular viewers , their loyalty insured by the narrowness of the media marketplace , you have the luxury of ignoring , essentially , the distribution side of journalism .
The corollary being that you also have the luxury of assuming that your journalism , once published , will effect change in the world .
Automatically .
And investigative journalism , in particular , whether conducted by Bly or Bernstein or Bogdanich , generally operated under the sunshine - as - Lysol theory of distribution : outrageous discoveries lead to outraged publics lead to chastened power brokers lead to social change .
( For more on that , give a listen to the most recent Rebooting the News podcast . )
Journalism was a lever of democracy ; publication was publicity , and thus , as well , the end of an outlet ’s commitment to its coverage .
The matter of distribution , of a big story ’s movement through the culture , was n’t generally for journalists to address .
Which was a matter of practicality , sure — as a group , reporters are necessarily obsessed with newness , and have always been stalked by The Next Story — but also one of design .
There ’s a fine line , the thinking went , between amplification of a story and advocacy of it ; the do n’t - shoot - the - messenger rhetoric of institutional newsgathering holds up only so long as the messengers in question maintain the appropriate distance from the news they ’re delivering .
And one way to maintain that distance was a structured separation from stories via a framework of narrative containment .
Produce , publish , move on .
The web , though , to repeat its ur - observation , is changing all that .
Digital platforms — blogs , most explicitly , but also digital journalism vehicles as a collective — have introduced a more iterative form of storytelling that subtly challenges print and broadcast assumptions of conceptual confinement .
For journalists like Josh Marshall and Glenn Greenwald and other modern - day muckrakers , to be a journalist is also , implicitly , to be an advocate .
And , so , focusing on the follow - up aspect of journalism — not just starting fires , but keeping them alive — has been foundational to their work .
Increasingly , in the digital media economy , good journalists find stories .
The better ones keep them going .
The best keep them burning .
And yet , to return to the WikiLeaks question , that ethos of continuity has n’t generally caught on in the culture more broadly — among journalists or their audiences .
And one reason for that is the matter of momentum , the editorial challenge of maintaining reader interest in a given subject over a long period of time .
Political issues caught in congressional inertias , military campaigns that stretch from months to years , social issues that hide in plain sight — their temporality itself becomes a problem to be solved .
There ’s a reason why , to take the most infamous example , political campaigns are so often indistinguishable from an episode of “ Toddlers and Tiaras “ : campaigns being year - long affairs ( longer now , actually : Mitt Romney and Mike Huckabee are probably digging into Maid - Rite loose - meats as I type ) , journalists often focus on their trivialities / conflicts / etc. not necessarily because they think that focus leads to good journalism , but because they think , probably correctly , that it sustains their audiences ’ attention as election season slogs on .
Which is all to say — and not to put too expansive a point on it , but — time itself poses a challenge to the traditional notion of “ the story . ”
Continuity and containment are n’t logical companions ; stories end , but the world they cover goes on .
The platform is ill - suited to the project .
Followupstories.org ?
While addressing that problem head - on is no easy task — it ’s both systemic and cultural , and thus extra - difficult to solve —
I ’d like to end with a thought experiment ( albeit a small , tentative , just - thinking - out - loud one ) .
What if we had an outlet dedicated to continuity journalism — a news organization whose sole purpose was to follow up on stories whose sheer magnitude precludes them from ongoing treatment by our existing media outlets ?
What if we took the PolitiFact model — a niche outfit dedicated not to a particular topic or region , but to a particular practice — and applied it to following up on facts , rather than checking them ?
What if we had an outlet dedicated to reporting , aggregating , and analyzing stories that deserve our sustained attention — a team of reporters and researchers and analysts and engagement experts whose entire professional existence is focused on keeping those deserving stories alive in the world ?
Sure , you could say , bloggers both professional and amateur already do that kind of follow - up work ; legacy news outlets themselves do , too .
But : they do n’t do it often enough , or systematically enough .
( That ’s a big reason why it ’s so easy to forget that war still rages in Iraq , that 12.6 percent of Americans live below the poverty line , etc . )
They often lack incentive to , say , localize a story like the War Logs for their readers .
Or to contextualize it .
Or to , in general , continue its existence .
An independent outlet — and , hey , this being a thought experiment , “ independent outlet ” could also include a dedicated blog on a legacy outlet ’s website — would n’t prevent other news shops from doing follow - up work on their own stories or anyone else ’s , just as PolitiFact ’s presence does n’t preclude other outlets from engaging in fact - checking .
A standalone shop would , however , serve as a kind of social safety net — an insurance policy against apathy .
As Lab contributor C.W. Anderson remarked on Monday : “ I wonder what it would take for a story like the ‘ War Logs ’ bombshell to stick around in the public mind long enough for it to mean something . ”
I do , too .
I ’d love to find out .
Photo of U.S. soldiers in Pana , Afghanistan , by the U.S. Army .
Photo of Jay Rosen by Joi Ito .
Both used under a Creative Commons license .
They 're often branded as thoughtless and irresponsible , but teenage mothers and deadbeat dads may be making the best of their bad situations
When life expectancy is short , it makes sense to have babies early Paula Bronstein / Getty
FROM feckless fathers and teenaged mothers to so - called feral kids , the media seems to take a voyeuristic pleasure in documenting the lives of the “ underclass ” .
Whether they are inclined to condemn or sympathise , commentators regularly ask how society got to be this way .
There is seldom agreement , but one explanation you are unlikely to hear is that this kind of “ delinquent ” behaviour is a sensible response to the circumstances of a life constrained by poverty .
Yet that is exactly what some evolutionary biologists are now proposing .
There is no reason to view the poor as stupid or in any way different from anyone else , says Daniel Nettle of the University of Newcastle in the UK .
All of us are simply human beings , making the best of the hand life has dealt us .
If we understand this , it wo n’t just change the way we view the lives of the poorest in society , it will also show how misguided many current efforts to tackle society ’s problems are – and it will suggest better solutions .
Evolutionary theory predicts that if you are a mammal growing up in a harsh , unpredictable environment where you are susceptible to disease and might die young , then you should follow a “ fast ” reproductive strategy – grow up quickly , and have offspring early and close together so you can ensure leaving some viable progeny before you become ill or die .
For a range of animal species there is evidence that this does happen .
Now research suggests that humans are no exception .
Certainly the theory holds up in …
Spain v Germany – A draw in all but the result
Not one for the lovers of the beautiful game , Spain v Germany really failed to live up to much of the hype .
Germany , in their position as the top goal scorers of the tournament , and Spain , with their reputation for free - flowing fast paced football , cancelled each other out to a large extent in a game that failed to spark to life until the last 10 minutes when Germany pushed desperately for the equaliser and Spain were given the opportunity to break often with their attackers outnumbering the remaining German defenders .
The biggest talking points before the match were the changes on either side .
With Germany forced to replace the suspended Thomas Müller and Spain opting to drop the misfiring Fernando Torres the replacements Trochowski for Germany and Pedro for Spain were giving the opportunity to stake their claim as national heroes in their first starts at the World Cup .
Nominally lining up in similar positions with Trochowski playing the wide - right role Müller had made his own and Pedro moving wide - left to allow Villa to lead the line on his own , the reality highlighted the difference in German and Spanish tactical styles with Joachim Löw playing his brand of high - tempo , well disciplined , rigid 4 - 2 - 3 - 1 and Spain playing their more fluid 4 – 1 – 2 – 2 – 1 .
The respective heat maps make for Pedro and Trochowski highlight the difference between the two teams much better than my shambolic prose could :
These two players are but a snapshot of the tactical battle that took place over the 90 minutes .
At the start of the match the teams lined up like so :
The most notable tactical features of the game were those that anyone who knew anything about the two teams had already predicted .
Spain maintained a very narrow shape and dominated possession for the first half , while the Germans were content to absorb pressure and try to hit Spain on the counter attack .
Spain ’s lack of width was undoubtedly a key reason as to why they struggled to break the Germans down , with a player like Mata or Navas starting instead of Pedro , they would have been more likely to run at Boateng / Jansen and Lahm , but as it was Spain was forced into passing around the edge of the penalty area while Germany was adapt at narrowing its back 4 to compress the space .
The result was many shots from Xabi Alonso and Pedro from outside of the box which posed little threat to Neuer ’s goal :
It seems foolhardy to criticise a team that has just secured their place in the World Cup final but the lack of natural width is an issue that they will have to address against the Dutch .
Take David Villa ’s heatmap against Chile in the final round of the group stages when he was stationed out on the left and allowed to cut in to support Torres :
And compare it to his heat map from last night against Germany :
A noticeable feature of last night ’s game was Villa ’s struggle to get into the game as he had done previously in the tournament and while Villa was happy to comment post - match that : “ It ’s the best game we ’ve [ Spain ] played ” it was probably the worst game Villa has played at a major tournament , looking stranded at times and off the pace forced to lead the line on his own , managing fewer shots playing CF than he did when allowed to cut off the wing in previous matches .
To equate Spain ’s fluidity to a lack of discipline though would be churlish as early examples in the match showed .
In this example we can see Iniesta has adopted a position wide left ( yellow ) while Pedro has started wide right and drifted in ( forward arrow shows his run ) and drawn the left back Boateng ( blue ) with him .
The space created by Pedro ’s run has allowed Ramos ( red ) to make what is fast becoming a trademark run for his country and add himself to the attacking move .
However , Pedro ’s run is only allowed because Villa has drawn a central defender with his run towards the ball player ( in this case Pique ) .
Spain showed in glimpses during the game that they could play in this style , and Villa showed that he can do a job playing as a lone striker , though in a less orthodox fashion than many , he relied on the forward runs from Pedro and width being readily available .
The problem for Spain was that the width rarely came as a cursory glance at their average positions will show :
In the first half especially the emphasis was on Sergio Ramos to act as the counter - balance to either Iniesta or Pedro , who ever fancied playing wide left at that moment in time .
On some occasions the Spanish attack would assume the more common front 3 , with Villa in the middle and Pedro / Iniesta on the left and Ramos on the right but often the Germans were comfortable with what they knew the Spaniards would try to throw at them , narrow but slick passing around the edge of the box .
The well disciplined German defence knew how to cope with this and did so with aplomb for 90 minutes .
In a match that gave us a winning result it seems odd that my post - match notes declared the game to be almost perfectly even .
The Germans defended against the Spanish well , both Friedrich and Mertesacker showing themselves to be top quality centre - backs , and always looked dangerous when they pressed forward .
The Spanish attacked with style but were often forced to shoot from distance , suffering from what some would call Arsenal Syndrome , always looking for the extra pass when perhaps a pop -shot would be a better option .
The fact Spain ’s winning goal came from a set - piece was surprising but the effort shown by Puyol to get his head on the ball was deserving of a goal .
Löw will inevitably be disappointed that the marking at the corner was Liverpool - esque and that aside from that moment , despite Spain dominating possession up to that point , and perhaps creating the better chances , Germany were always in the game .
A lot has been made of Germany ’s young team and they look a force to be reckoned with , outperforming themselves at this World Cup and setting themselves up as true potential champions at the next Euro ’s – if the team stays together .
One worry would be a lack of depth off the bench though Kroos impressed with his work rate , tracking back when Spain continually messed up their chances to seal the game and also being entrusted to take the set pieces .
To many , the result will be an accurate reflection of the way the game played out , but tactically there was no clear winner .
Spain could only score from a corner as Germany found a way to nullify the free - flowing Iniesta / Xavi / Alonso trifecta , and the Spanish system restricted the number of chances the German ’s got to break quickly .
This will not go down as a classic semi-final and for the Spanish it raises only more questions ahead of their final ?
Many will ask whether they would benefit with Torres starting , allowing Villa to move wide left again , but for much of the game Pedro was one of the brightest sparks on the pitch .
Indeed , during the tournament , Llorente has shown more presence in the time he has spent on the pitch and adds a different dimension to the Spanish attack .
He also gives the team an aerial presence , though this would mean that the Spaniards would have to get wider to put crosses into him .
Predictions ?
Well I think the Dutch have a great opportunity to play around the Spanish , and if anyone team has the capacity to hold possession as well as the Spanish it is the Netherlands .
If the Dutch unleash the lively Elia down the wing and occupy Ramos the Spanish get out ball will go missing , forcing them to adapt their game plan , something they have not been asked to do too much during this tournament ( we can excuse them a slow start during the opening game against Switzerland ) .
Notice how I totally avoided answering my own question there ?
Well here goes : Holland 3 ; Spain 1 .
A post by Nick Robbins
Austerity Pays Off for Estonia Former Soviet Republic Could Be Next to Adopt Euro
No European country has been more adept than the former Soviet republic of Estonia in dealing with the global economic crisis .
Tallinn implemented some of the toughest austerity measures seen in Europe and , in one year 's time , has qualified to become the next country to introduce the euro .
Not long before Hafez el - Assad died in 2000 , Ahmed Hariri predicted what would happen when the official news announced the death of the president .
Hariri , an old friend of mine in the Syrian ministry of information , came from the city of Tadmor , east of Damascus .
The city , known as Palmyra to Romans and tourists alike , was home to one of the regime 's fearsome jails , which stood behind trees not far from the desert road to Baghdad .
This was the site of a massacre of Islamist prisoners – perhaps a thousand in all – by Assad 's brother Rifaat after an assassination attempt on Hafez .
The corpses were rumoured to have been tossed by night into a secret mass grave near a local hill , and have lain unmarked ever since .
Hariri – he died some years ago , which is why I can name him – drew heavily on a cigarette in the back of my car as we sped towards Tadmor .
" When our beloved president dies , " he said , " all the people of Tadmor will go to the hill .
They know where the dead are – more than just those killed by Rifaat .
And when they are sure that the president has gone , they will all throw roses on the gravesite in memory of those who lie beneath . "
But when Assad died of a heart attack , and a smooth Baathist succession installed his son Bashar as the president , not a soul walked from Tadmor to the mass graves .
There were no mourners , no roses , no recognition of the violence that had stained this terrible prison under Assad 's 30 - year rule .
The eventual relief of Syrians that the young English - trained optometrist Bashar – a gentler figure than his ferocious father – had taken over was so great that no - one wished to recall the past .
Why dig up a mass grave unless you intend to pour more blood into it ?
The subsequent rule of Bashar has not produced the democratic " spring " in Syria which many Arab intellectuals had hoped for , a fact made all too clear in a report published in Washington this month by the Transitional Justice in the Arab World Project , supported by Freedom House .
According to the report , Years of Fear , as many as 17,000 Syrians may have been " disappeared " during Hafez el - Assad 's rule ; the 117 - page document contains heart - breaking accounts of disappearances and extra-judicial executions , and descriptions of the apparently vain 30 - year wait of sons , wives and parents for the return of men who were almost certainly killed in the early 1980s .
But all such reports should carry a red flag .
Freedom House , which last year labelled Israel as the only " free " country in the Middle East ( Lebanon got a " partly free " coding ) , receives around 66 per cent of its funding from the US government , including the State Department and USAID .
Its roots go back to 1941 – Eleanor Roosevelt was one of the first sponsors when Freedom House was pointing up the evils of Nazi Germany .
In the past it has been accused of supporting only pro-Western opposition movements , but its Middle East targets have largely been Arab .
Freedom House was also previously led by James Woolsey , a former director of the CIA .
Radwan Ziadeh , who compiled the report , is a long - time US resident exiled from Syria for many years .
He runs the Damascus Centre for Human Rights Studies .
This does not disqualify his report , but he warns readers in his preface that " for security reasons , we withheld the names of those interviewed and have changed some facts to disguise their identities .
Similarly , we have scrambled [ sic ] the details of many human rights activists and former detainees whom we interviewed . "
This does not , to put it mildly , bestow total confidence on the report .
The Syrian authorities will no doubt seize upon this to debunk its contents .
So , reader , you have been warned .
Years of Fear covers the three - decade rule of Hafez el - Assad , Syria 's former air force commander whose long battle to maintain his Alawi rule and whose ferocious struggle against violent Islamist enemies clogged the fetid prisons of Syria with thousands of political prisoners .
Using security forces who were often corrupt , he confronted an ever more violent sectarian guerrilla movement whose first major assault came on 16 June 1979 when an army captain , Ibrahim al - Yusuf , led the massacre of Alawi students at the Aleppo artillery school .
A subsequent assassination attempt on the president prompted Rifaat 's Defence Brigades ' assault at Tadmor in which up to a thousand Muslim Brotherhood prisoners were machine - gunned to death in their cells .
By 1980 , there was open war between the regime and its opponents .
Law 49 , of 7 July 1980 , mandated capital punishment for those who did not renounce their Brotherhood membership in writing , and a Ghadaffi - style assassination campaign against overseas opponents was ordered .
The Hama uprising in February 1982 , in which the old , rebel - held city was virtually destroyed by tank and shell - fire , caused up to 15,000 deaths , according to Ziadeh 's report – some put the figure at 20,000 .
What Ziadeh oddly fails to mention is the underground fighting in Hama in which girl suicide bombers hurled themselves against Syrian troops , and previous violence in the city in which Islamists slaughtered entire families of Baath party officials .
There was nothing exclusive about Syria 's mass - murderers .
Ziadeh believes that in the early Eighties and later , up to 25,000 men went missing , swallowed into interrogation centres and prisons .
" Most such cases occurred before 2000 , " the report says .
" Many detainees have been released during the past few years . "
A credit to Bashar al - Assad , no doubt .
But in the years before , there was no such compassion .
The report quotes a former detainee at Tadmor .
" They called on groups of brothers every Monday and Thursday , and executed them by hanging in the courts of Palmyra Prison ... "
It is a sign of the Middle East 's endemic cruelty that Saddam Hussein 's regime was infinitely worse than Assad's .
Other Syrian detainees might be sentenced to a short term of imprisonment , then held for 10 years , their families repeatedly told that none of the security agencies had any knowledge of them .
" Now , " Ziadeh writes with teeth - sucking restraint , " the family is allowed to visit the detainee after several years of detention . "
Ziadeh is at his strongest when he lists the vast legislative shield which is supposed to protect Syrian citizens from arbitrary arrest , torture or execution .
Section 3 of Article 28 of Syria 's constitution , for example , states that " no one may be tortured physically or mentally or be treated in a humiliating manner . "
A double irony – one which , again , Ziadeh fails to mention – is that the American government , which supports Freedom House , happily renditioned prisoners to Damascus in the sure knowledge that the Syrians would ignore their constitution and torture the suspects to their heart 's content .
Another Syrian law says that the state must " take the necessary legislative , administrative , and judicial measures to prevent and terminate acts of enforced disappearance . "
Again , Ziadeh uses the published evidence of Abdullah al - Naji to prove that the ruthless " field courts " adopted by the regime – an institution originally set up to deal with the Israeli " enemy " rather than Syrian " enemies " of the Baath party – were run by Ghazi Kenaan , the former head of Syrian army intelligence in Lebanon and later minister of interior .
I knew Kenaan – a jovial , frightening man who once helped me escape Beirut 's kidnappers by asking me to join him on his morning run across west Beirut ; he later committed suicide after allegedly plotting , as minister , against Bashar al - Assad .
But Kenaan 's command of the " field courts " makes sense .
More than 15 years ago , in a Boston hotel , another Syrian held at Tadmor told me that they knew when executions were about to take place .
" We would stand at the cell windows and we all knew Kenaan 's favourite aftershave .
When we smelt it , we knew there were going to be firing squads . "
Of these executions , the report comments that " no one knows where those who were executed or died under torture were buried . "
The report suggests that these disappearances indirectly affect up to a million Syrians – five per cent of the population .
Amer , who was eight when his father was arrested , recalled : " I can not speak with anyone about the issue of my father , because this induces fear and makes people suspicious ...
I have lived as a half orphan , although my father is not officially dead . "
Some men were declared dead – and then reappeared alive , like the 16 - year - old arrested in Aleppo who spent 14 years in prison .
Ziadeh 's report , which contains some obvious errors – one woman speaks of her arrested son who , later , mysteriously turns out to be her father – makes the point that " victims and their families ... have an inalienable right of knowing the truth about the circumstances in which violations took place and about the fate of the victim in the case of death or disappearance . "
A human rights activist told Ziadeh that in some cases buildings were erected over secret cemeteries .
In Aleppo , a large mosque has allegedly been built over a mass grave .
Amazon 's offering students with a valid .edu email address a free year of Amazon Prime , which grants buyers free two - day shipping on any item they buy , no minimum purchase required , and some exclusive email deals .
Advertisement
Amazon asks you to provide a college and major with your student sign - up , so they 're not just looking for an .edu address .
Still , these things tend not to involve multi-national investigation , so if you 're loosely affiliated with a field of study at a university , you should be able to move ahead .
Anyone who 's not a student can still get a 30 - day trial of Amazon Prime to kick the tires a bit .
Amazon Student [ via # tips ]
By and large , American environmentalists remain too politically correct to address immigration and population issues .
Meanwhile , our colleagues in the United Kingdom and Australia have recently been showing more courage .
I find this hopeful !
If it can happen there , it can happen right here in the United States .
In Britain , a small , crowded island filled with nature lovers , concerned environmentalists are fed up with continued population growth .
Exhibit A is David Attenborough , respected world - wide for presenting six decades of award - winning nature documentaries for the BBC .
Says Sir David , according to an article in the Times of London :
There are three times as many people in the world as when I started making television programmes only a mere 56 years ago .
It is frightening .
We can't go on as we have been .
We are seeing the consequences in terms of ecology , atmospheric pollution and in terms of the space and food production .
Topping the list of Attenborough 's concerns is habitat loss and species extinction .
But as he says : " I 've never seen a problem that would n't be easier to solve with fewer people , or harder , and ultimately impossible , with more .
Population is reaching its optimum and the world cannot hold an infinite number of people . "
He advocates halving immigration into the United Kingdom , in order to preserve as much of the landscape as possible .
As he put it a few years ago , at the close of one of his documentaries , " The Life of Mammals " : " Instead of controlling the environment for the benefit of the population , maybe we should control the population to ensure the survival of our environment . "
Attenborough sits on the board of directors for the Optimum Population Trust , a British group advocating for population stabilization in the UK and worldwide .
Among other good work , they recently sponsored a study by the London School of Economics titled " Fewer Emitters , Lower Emissions , Less Cost . "
It showed that curbing population growth is a much cheaper way of decreasing greenhouse gas emissions than many of the technological fixes that tend to get much more press .
Down under , Aussie environmentalists are also questioning the wisdom of endless population growth .
Partly this has been spurred by a recent government study which showed that at current levels of fertility and immigration , Australia 's population will increase 60 percent in the next 40 years , to 36 million people .
Australia 's Prime Minister Kevin Rudd approves , saying : " I have said before that I believe in a big Australia .
This is good for our national security .
Good for our long - term prosperity .
Good in enhancing our role in the region and the world . "
While Rudd argues that " the time to prepare for this big Australia is now , " polls show that his fellow citizens disagree with him .
Apparently , most Australians would prefer to start planning to keep this population growth from occurring .
Apparently , they are n't convinced that a bigger Australia will be a better Australia .
One response has come from the Australian Conservation Foundation , the country 's largest conservation group .
ACF has filed a formal nomination for finding population growth a " key threatening process " to Australia 's biodiversity , under the federal Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act .
According to ACF 's director of strategic ideas , Charles Berger :
The bigger our population gets , the harder it is for us to reduce greenhouse pollution , protect natural habitats near urban and coastal areas and ensure a good quality of life for all Australians .
More people means more roads , more urban sprawl , more dams , more transmission lines , more energy and water use , more pollutants in our air and natural environment and more pressure on Australia 's animals , plants , rivers , reefs and bushland .
" We need to improve urban and coastal planning and management of environmental issues , " Berger continues .
" But we can't rely on better planning alone to protect our environment .
Rapid population growth makes sustainable planning nearly impossible , so stabilising Australia 's population by mid-century should be a national policy goal "
ACF 's nomination cites many government reports that acknowledge the direct link between population growth and environmental degradation .
It also details the role population growth plays in destroying habitat and reducing biodiversity in four specific areas around Australia .
The nomination 's recommendations call on the government to reduce overall immigration levels and set a national population policy that will stabilize the country 's population by mid-century .
For those of us who have advocated for Environmental Impact Statements regarding current and proposed U.S. immigration policies , this effort suggests how such an approach can help make explicit the environmental costs of immigration - driven population growth .
The Australian government is legally required to take this application under consideration .
If the nomination is found to have merit , the government will need to propose ways to alleviate or mitigate the environmental costs of population growth .
By pushing the issue in this forum , ACF is helping Australians to make the immigration / population / environment connection – unlike their PC American counterparts .
Meanwhile , important Australian politicians are also jumping on the bandwagon .
While the current prime minister has endorsed the goal of a " Big Australia , " the opposition leader , Labor MP Tony Abbott , has taken the opportunity to put forward a plan to cut immigration levels in half , in order to reduce population growth .
Said Abbott : " At the moment , it 's growing in an out - of - control and unsustainable way . . .
Australia 's large cities are choking on their traffic and Australia 's environment is under pressure everywhere .
That 's why the Coalition rejects Mr. Rudd 's big Australia population target of 36 million people . "
Where are the Democratic politicians here in the U.S. who would be willing to buck the Hispanic and cheap - labor lobbies , and advocate for national population policies that are in the common interest ?
And where are the mainstream religious organizations to match Australia 's Anglican Church ?
Its Public Affairs Commission recently warned that current rates of population growth are unsustainable .
In a new discussion paper , they state :
Out of care for the whole of creation , particularly the poorest of humanity and the life forms who cannot speak for themselves . . . it is not responsible to stand by and remain silent .
Unless we take account of the needs of future life on Earth , there is a case that we break the eighth commandment – Thou shall not steal .
The discussion paper argues that government financial incentives encouraging childbirth should be scrapped .
" In the context of unsustainable global population growth , it is inconsistent and arguably irresponsible to provide financial incentives for population increase , " it says .
It also calls on the government to cut immigration into the country .
An American observer can only watch all this activity with wonder and admiration .
The honesty !
The willingness to tackle all the real issues at the heart of biodiversity protection , global climate change , and general sustainability !
People who can talk honestly about these issues have a fighting chance to achieve sustainable societies .
People who can't , do n't .
Environmentalists here in America know , in our heart of hearts , that stabilizing our population is one key to creating a sustainable society .
Yet we dither and talk around population issues , afraid to offend allies on the right or the left .
Many thanks to our friends overseas , who show us that it does n't have to be this way !
We can talk about what is necessary to create sustainable societies .
And that 's a start .
Deepwater Horizon ( Gov’t Low Est ) Gulf of Mexico 162,337 04/21/2010 Crude oil Wellhead blowout
An underwater well gushed oil into the Gulf unrestrained until June 6 , when a containment cap began capturing some .
On July 15 , a better - fitting containment cap was attached .
Relief wells are being drilled to stop the flow permanently .
Deepwater Horizon ( Gov’t High Est ) Gulf of Mexico 470,779 04/21/2010 Crude oil Wellhead blowout
An underwater well gushed oil into the Gulf unrestrained until June 6 , when a containment cap began capturing some .
On July 15 , a better - fitting containment cap was attached .
Relief wells are being drilled to stop the flow permanently .
Lakeview Gusher United States , Kern County , California 1,227,600 03/14/1909 Oil Spill Wellhead blowout
The most productive single oil well in California .
It was an immense out - of - control pressurized oil well resulting in what is regarded as the largest oil spill in history , lasting 18 months and releasing 9,000,000 barrels of crude oil when it was first tapped in 1909 .
Gulf War oil spill Persian Gulf , Kuwait 1,091,405
01/19/1991 Oil Spill War During the 1991 Gulf War , tankers and oil terminals in Kuwait were destroyed , causing the release of an estimated 6 - 8 million barrels of oil into the waters of the Arabian ( Persian ) Gulf .
Many oil wells in Kuwait were destroyed and set on fire , resulting in the release of much greater amounts of oil and combustion products to land , air , and water in Kuwait .
The spill did little long - term damage , international researchers say .
IXTOC I Mexico , Gulf of Mexico 470,000 06/03/1979 Oil Spill Wellhead blowout
The 2 - mile - deep exploratory well , Ixtoc I , blew out on June 3 , 1979 in the Bay of Campeche off Ciudad del Carmen , Mexico .
The water depth at the wellhead site is about 50 m ( 164 feet ) .
By the time the well was brought under control in March , 1980 , an estimated 140 million gallons of oil had spilled into the bay .
Atlantic Empress Off Tobago West Indies 287,000 07/19/1979
Oil Spill Collision About 287000 tonnes of crude spilled after a collision off Tobago between the Atlantic Empress and the Aegean Captain .
Fergana Valley Uzbekistan 285,000
03/02/1992 Oil Spill Unknown
Nowruz Oil Field Persian Gulf , Iran 260,000 02/10/1983
Crude oil Spill Collision and bombing an oil tanker hit the Nowruz Field Platform in the gulf and knocked it onto a 45 degree angle , damaging the well underneath .
The resulting leak of 1,500 barrels a day could not be capped for months because the platform was under constant attack by Iraqi planes .
ABT Summer 700 nautical miles off Angola 260,000 05/28/1991 Iranian heavy crude oil Fire / Explosion
On 28th May 1991 , while en route from the Gulf terminal at Kharg Island , Iran to Rotterdam the tanker ABT SUMMER , fully laden with a cargo of 260,000 tonnes of Iranian heavy crude oil , experienced an explosion and a fire about 900 miles off the coast of Angola .
Five of the 32 crew members on board died as a result of the incident .
Castillo de bellver Off Saldanha Bay South Africa 252,000 06/08/1983
Light crude oil Fire CASTILLO DE BELLVER , carrying 252,000 tonnes of light crude oil ( Murban and Upper Zakum ) , caught fire about 70 miles north west of Cape Town , South Africa on 6 August 1983 .
The blazing ship drifted off shore and broke in two .
Amoco Cadiz Brittany , France 223,000 03/16/1978 Oil Spill Collision
The Amoco Cadiz encountered stormy weather and ran aground off the coast of Brittany , France on March 16 , 1978 .
Its entire cargo of 68.7 million gallons of oil spilled into the sea , polluting about 200 miles of Brittany 's coastline .
Amoco Haven tanker disaster Mediterranean Sea near Genoa , Italy 144,000 04/11/1991 Crude oil Explosion The Cypriot VLCC ( very large crude carrier ) the Haven , anchored off the coast of Genoa , was loaded with 144,000 tonnes of crude oil , when she caught fire , exploded and broke into three parts .
One of the parts sank on the spot , the others sank during towing .
Production well D - 103 800 km southeast of Tripoli , Libya 142,860 08/01/1980 Crude oil Wellhead blowout
ODYSSEY 700 nautical miles off Nova Scotia Canada 132,000 11/10/1988 Crude oil Heavy weather / Fire The Liberian tanker ODYSSEY , almost fully loaded with a cargo of 132,157 tonnes of North Sea Brent crude oil , broke into two and sank in heavy weather in the North Atlantic 700 miles off the coast of Nova Scotia while on voyage from Sullom Voe , Shetland Islands to Come by Chance Newfoundland .
Fire started on the stern section as it sank and the surrounding oil caught fire .
Torrey Canyon Isles of Scilly , England 119,000 03/18/1967
Kuwait crude oil Navigational error TORREY CANYON ran aground on Pollard Rock on the Seven Stones Reef , near Lands End , Cornwall on 18 March 1967 .
Thousands of tonnes of oil were soon spilling from the stricken vessel 's ruptured tanks and during the next 12 days the entire cargo of approximately 119,000 tonnes of Kuwait crude oil was lost .
Sea Star Gulf of Oman 115,000 12/19/1972
Crude oil Collision
The South Korean tanker SEA STAR was on voyage from Ras Tanura , Saudi Arabia to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil when it collided with the Brazilian tanker HORTA BARBOSA in the Gulf of Oman , off the Indian Ocean on 19th December 1972 , and exploded , killing 12 crew members .
Both vessels caught fire but while the HORTA BARBOSA was extinguished within a day , the SEA STAR continued to burn .
After a series of explosions , the SEA STAR sank 5 days after the collision .
Texaco Denmark North Sea , Belgium 107,140
12/07/1971 Oil Spill Unknown
Shuaiba Petroleum Tank Shuaiba , Kuwait 106,120
08/20/1981 Storage tank Unknown
Kharyaga - Usinsk Pipeline Spill Usinsk in Northern Russia ( Komi Republic )
104,420 10/25/1994 Oil Spill Ruptured pipeline , old equipment
Urquiola La Coruña , Spain 100,000
05/12/1976 Oil Spill Collision
Irenes Serenade Navarino Bay Greece 100,000 02/23/1980 Iraqi crude oil Fire / Explosion
Pipeline No. 126 well and pipeline Ahvazin , Iran 95,240 05/25/1978 Oil Spill Ruptured pipeline
Hawaiian Patriot 300 nautical miles off Honolulu 95,000 02/23/1977
Light Indonesian crude oil Heavy weather / Fire
Independenta Istanbul , Turkey 95,000 11/15/1979 Crude oil Collision
Jakob Maersk Leixoes , Portugal 88,000 01/29/1975 Crude oil Grounding / fire
M/V Braer Shetland Islands UK 85,000
01/05/1993 Norwegian
Gullfaks crude oil and heavy bunker oil Heavy weather Constant storm force winds and heavy seas broke the ship apart .
Storage tank Tank # 6 Forcados , Nigeria 81,290 06/06/1979
Oil Spill Storage tank leak Hundreds of pipeline leaks and other oil spills happen every year in the Nigerian delta .
Khark 5 400 miles north of Las Palmas , Canary Islands 80,000 12/19/1989 Iranian heavy crude oil Explosion The Iranian oil tanker Khark 5 , en route from Kharg Island to Rotterdam , was caught in a storm and suffered an explosion off the coast of Safi , 400 miles north of the Canary Islands .
Aegean Sea La Coruna Spain 74,000
12/03/1992 North Sea Brent crude oil Heavy weather
The vessel broke in two and caught fire .
Ship and spilled cargo burned for several days , causing dense clouds of black smoke to threaten the city of La Coruna , leading to a temporary mass evacuation .
Sea Empress Milford Haven UK 72,000
02/15/1996
Blend North Sea crude oil Grounding ran aground on the rocks at Saint Ann 's Head at the entrance to Milford Haven Bay
NOVA Off Kharg Island Gulf of Iran 70,000
12/06/1985 Unknown Unknown
Katina P 25 miles north of Maputo , Mozambique , 6 miles offshore 66,700 04/19/1992 Crude oil Structural / mechanical failure
M/V Prestige Off Spanish coast 64,000 11/15/2002
Heavy fuel oil Sunken Vessel
Wafra Cape Agulhas , South Africa 63,000 02/27/1971 Arabian crude oil Deliberately sunken
Othello Sweden , Trälhavet Bay 60,000 03/20/1970
Heavy fuel oil Collision
Andros Patria off the coast of La Coruna , Galicia 60,000 12/31/1978
Iranian heavy crude oil Explosion A fire broke out on the Andros Patria after an explosion in one of her tanks , due to a leak in the hull .
34 crew members were killed in the incident and 60,000 of the 210,000 tonnes of Iranian heavy crude oil that the ship was transporting poured into the sea .
Sinclair Petrolore Brazil 59,860 12/06/1960 Oil Spill Unknown
Epic Colocotronis Caribbean Sea , 111 km NW of Puerto Rico , USA 58,000 05/13/1975 Crude oil Grounding
Newtown Creek Oil Spill Newtown Creek , Greenpoint , Brooklyn , New York 55,250 11/15/1979
Oil and oil products
Oil refinery tank explosion Although an explosion in 1950 contributed to the contamination , the area has been used by various petroleum companies for more than 140 years , and the 17 million gallons accumulated gradually over that time — not all at once after the explosion .
Assimi Gulf of Oman , Ras al Hadd , 93 km from Muscat , Oman 53,740 01/07/1983 Oil Spill Fire / Explosion
A fire broke out in the engine room of the tanker Assimi on January 7th , 1983 .
Three days later explosions took place and the fire intensified .
The Assimi finally sunk on January 16 , after being towed to deep water 200 miles from the Oman coast .
Further explosion occurred as the vessel split in two and sank which ignited the oil on the surface of the water .
Yuyo Maru No. 10 Tokyo Bay , Honshu Island , Japan 52,836
11/09/1974 Naphtha Collision
The Yuyo Maru 10 tanker collided with the ship Pacific Ares in the Uraga Channel in Tokyo Bay.
34 men were killed in the accident after the ship caught fire .
All efforts to extinguish the fires failed and finally after 19 days the ship , still burning , was towed far out to sea and sunk by torpedo and gunfire .
VLCC Metula First Narrows , Strait of Magellan , Chile 51,000 08/09/1974
Light Arabian crude oil Grounding
The tanker was passing through the First Narrows area of the Strait of Magellan , during severe tidal and current conditions .
The Metula cut a corner too sharp , hitting a 40 - foot shoal and grounding itself .
The difficulty of navigating a ship of such size , with minimum navigation aids , contributed to the accident .
World Glory 65 miles ENE of Durban , South Africa 48,300 06/13/1968 Kuwait crude oil Structural / mechanical failure The World Glory , bound for Huelva , Spain , broke up .
The stern section of the vessel sank after about two hours , while the bow section drifted southwest with the Agulhas Current .
The bow was presumed to sink at 30 06 S , 031 54 E , approximately 40 miles from the initial breakup .
All the ship 's cargo of Kuwait crude oil , eventually spilled into the Indian Ocean .
Pericles GC Persian Gulf , 30 km east - northeast of Doha , Qatar 47,620 12/09/1983 Oil Spill Fire / Explosion
A fire broke out in the engine room of the Pericles GC about 200 miles off Doha in Qatar .
The crew abandoned the ship which sank after explosions and came to rest on the sea bed with 30 feet of the hull visible above water .
Ennerdale Indian Ocean , Seychelles 46,940 06/01/1970 Crude oil Grounding
The Ennerdale grounded on an unmarked rock in the Seychelles
British Ambassador 333 km west of Iwo Jima Island , Japan 46,000 01/13/1975 Crude oil Structural / mechanical failure
Tadotsu Strait of Malacca , near Dumai , Indonesia 44,900
12/07/1978 Oil Spill Unknown
Mandoil II Pacific Ocean , near Warrenton , Oregon , USA 42,860 02/29/1968 Crude oil Collision The Mandoil II tanker collided with the Suwaharu Maru in dense fog on February 28 , 1968 .
The Mandoil II caught fire and had to be abandoned
Betelgeuse Bantry Bay , Ireland 40,000 01/08/1979 mixed Arabian crude oil Explosion while unloading The Betelgeuse oil tanker was unloading her cargo at the Gulf Oil Terminal on Whiddy Island when the vessel exploded , still containing 40,000 tonnes of oil .
50 of the crew members were killed and the Betelgeuse was split in two during the explosion .
Napier Southeast Pacific Ocean off west coast of Chile 38,440 06/10/1973 Crude oil Grounding
Juan Antonio Lavalleja Arzew Harbor , Algeria 37,400 12/29/1980 Oil Spill Grounding
EXXON VALDEZ Prince of Wales Island , Alaska 37,000 01/23/1989 Alaska North Slope crude oil Grounding The Exxon Valdez ran aground on Bligh Reef in Prince William Sound , Alaska .
The tanker was traveling outside the normal shipping lanes in an attempt to avoid ice .
It spilled 37,000 tonnes of oil into the marine environment , and impacted more than 1,100 miles of non-continuous Alaskan coastline .
State and Federal agencies continue to monitor the effects of this spill , which was the largest oil spill in U.S. History .
Corinthos Delaware River , Marcus Hook , Pennsylvania 35,700 01/31/1975 Algerian crude oil Fire / Explosion
Saint Peter Pacific Ocean , 56 km W of Punta Manglares , Colombia 35,030 02/06/1976 Crude oil Fire / Explosion
A fire broke out in the engine room of the St. Peter tanker on February 4th , 1976 .
The vessel burned for two or three days before it sank approximately 18 miles off Cabo Manglares , Colombia .
The wreck lying at a depth of 1000 meters was known to be leaking oil nine months after sinking .
Chryssi Bermuda 32,000 12/01/1970 Crude oil Structural / mechanical failure
Tasman Spirit off Karachi ( Pakistan ) 30,000
07/27/2003 Unknown Grounding
Jiyeh power station oil spill Lebanon conflict 30,000 07/15/2006
Heavy fuel oil War
Montara oil spill Australia , Timor Sea 30,000 08/21/2009
Oil and gas leak Wellhead blowout
Argo Merchant 29 miles southeast of Nantucket Island , Massachusetts 28,000 12/15/1976 Fuel oil Grounding shipwreck broke apart
Ekofisk Bravo oil field Norway , North Sea 27,600 04/22/1977
Wellhead blowout due to an incorrectly installed downhole safety valve
Funiwa No. 5 Well Niger Delta , Forcados , Nigeria 27,285 01/17/198 Crude oil Well Blowout The Funiwa No. 5 well located 5 miles off the Niger Delta , Nigeria , blew out .
Approximately 200,000 barrels of oil spilled from the well .
On January 29 the oil ignited .
The flow of oil stopped on February 1 as the Funiwa No. 5 bridged .
Erika France , Bay of Biscay 20,000 12/12/1999
Heavy fuel oil damage to ship
Kirki Cervantes , Western Australia 17,280
07/21/1991
Light crude oil Unknown
M/V Megaborg Gulf of Mexico , 57 miles SE of Galveston , Texas 16,501 06/08/1990 Angolan Crude Oil Fire during lightering operations
Seki oil spill E coast of the United Arab Emirates near Fujaira in the Gulf of Oman 15,900 03/31/1994 Crude oil Collision Crude oil leaked into the Arabian Sea after the Panamanian - flagged supertanker Seki spilled the crude 10 miles ( 16 km ) off the UAE port of Fujairah , just outside the Gulf , when it collided with the UAE tanker Baynunah , which was in ballast .
Oil reached the UAE coast north of Khor Fakkan close to the Strait of Hormuz .
The oil slick severely polluted several beaches and threatened more than 25 miles ( 40 km ) of coastline .
Santa Barbara Well blowout Santa Barbara , California 14,000 01/28/1969 Crude oil Well Blowout
Tanio Brittany , France 13,500
03/07/1980 No. 6 fuel oil Heavy weather
Limburg Yemen , Gulf of Aden 12,200 06/10/2002
Crude oil Bomb attack
Bass Enterprises ( Hurricane Katrina ) Cox Bay , Louisiana , United States 12,000 09/06/2005 Crude oil Hurricane Katrina
MT Hebei Spirit South Korea , Yellow Sea 10,800 12/07/2007 Crude oil Collision
The oil tanker the Hebei Spirit was anchored in front of the Port of Incheon on the west coast of South Korea , south of Seoul , when it was hit by the barge Samsung 1 which was drifting as its towline had broken .
Ashland Petroleum Company Floreffe , Pennsylvania 10,000 01/04/1988 Diesel fuel
Tank failure A 4 million gallon oil storage tank owned by Ashland Oil Company , Inc. , split apart and collapsed at an Ashland oil storage facility located in Floreffe , Pennsylvania , near the Monongahela River
The " Deadly Sins " from P. J. Brown 's Writing Interactive Compilers and Interpreters Wiley 1979 .
We 've committed them all at least once in GCC .
The deadly sins are :
Fruit flies across North America are evolving at breakneck pace – and it has nothing to do with their genes .
Instead they 've acquired a bacterial infection that protects against the sterilizing ravages of a common parasite .
The infection 's spread is much like the spread of a genetic mutation , only much faster .
" They 're using endosymbionts " – organisms that live inside other organisms – " to adapt , rather than relying on mutations in their genes , " said biologist John Jaenike of the University of Rochester .
Jaenike 's findings , published July 8 in Science , originate in work he started decades ago on nightmarish infections of the Drosophila neotestacea fly species by Howardula aoronymphium , a roundworm parasite .
A mother Howardula worm would swell to massive size inside a host fly , laying thousands of eggs .
After they hatched , larvae coursed through the host 's body .
The flies did n't die , but they no longer had the strength to reproduce .
In the eastern United States , the worms infested nearly one in four D. neotestacea flies , and sterilization seemed absolute .
But , Jaenike found , in some flies , Howardula did n't lead to sterilization .
Instead it was the worms who were sickly , and their offspring few .
And the only difference between fertile and infertile Howardula - infected flies was the presence of a bacteria called Spiroplasma .
How Spiroplasma weakens is n't known , but it clearly does .
And in their new findings , Jaenike 's team shows that Spiroplasma is racing through fruit flies across North America .
In the early 1980s , it was present in just 10 percent of eastern fruit flies .
Now it 's in 80 percent , and moving rapidly west .
The pattern fits with what 's predicted by traditional evolutionary theory :
A beneficial mutation arises , confers a reproductive advantage , and over time spreads through a population – except that the adaptation is n't genetic , but bacterial .
Microbes can be passed from mother flies to offspring , but also carried by mites between flies , and even between species .
This kind of evolution " allows an adaptation in one species to be moved to another species , " said Yale University evolutionary biologist Nancy Moran , who was not involved in the study .
According to Moran , the spread of beneficial bugs gives animals a version of the horizontal gene transfer present in ultra-adaptable bacteria , which can pick up new genetic material over the course of their lives .
" This is a way that animals can steal adaptations from each other and from other branches of the tree of life , " she said .
The resulting " instantaneous acquisition " of traits between unrelated hosts is quite different than " normal " Darwinian evolution , which occurs through the accumulation of small changes , said University of Georgia entomologist Kerry Oliver .
An important question is whether the findings are a rare example of a beneficial infection , or a snapshot of a common phenomenon .
If the latter , " we will have to revise our view of insect defense mechanisms , " said University of Liverpool parasite ecologist Greg Hurst .
Oliver noted that invertebrates are especially likely to benefit from protective bacteria , as they lack the sophisticated immune systems found in more complex creatures .
" It 's essentially an alternative immune system , " he said .
" This phenomenon is likely widespread in insects and other arthropods .
Other examples of insect endosymbioses include Moran 's specialty , a microbe that protects aphids from parasitic wasps .
Another bacteria called Wolbachia causes some male insects to turn female – a relationship that does n't make obvious evolutionary sense .
In one species of fruit fly , Wolbachia can also kill all male offspring , but only if their mother alone is infected .
If both parents are infected , the offspring are fine .
" It 's really bizarre , " said Jaenike .
" I have a graduate student trying to figure out what 's up with that . "
In the near future , Jaenike 's attention will turn to what Spiroplasma might do in people .
He received a Gates Foundation grant to explore whether the bug could control roundworm - borne diseases like river blindness and elephantiasis , which afflict millions of people in the developing world .
That research is preliminary , but " there 's a possibility for using Spiroplasma as a novel mechanism for controlling control human diseases , " said Jaenike .
Image : A dissected fruit fly infected by the Howardula parasite , but not by protective Spiroplasma .
The mother parasite is at bottom right , and larvae around the fly . / John Jaenike .
See Also :
* Citation : " Adaptation via Symbiosis : Recent Spread of a Drosophila Defensive Symbiont , " by J. Jaenike , R. Unckless , L.M. Boelio , S.N. Cockburn , S.J. Perlman .
Science , Vol . *
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
“ So constantly have the ideas currency and government been associated — so universal has been the control exercised by lawgivers over monetary systems — and so completely have men come to regard this control as a matter of course , that scarcely any one seems to inquire what would result were it abolished .
Perhaps in no case is the necessity of state - superintendence so generally assumed ; and in no case will the denial of that necessity cause so much surprise .
Yet must the denial be made . ”
- Herbert Spencer , Social Statistics
M
Origin of the Dollar in the US
D
The Rise of the Gold Standard
G
“.... government decided it would " help out " the market by interfering to " simplify " matters .
The result was another of the many well - intentioned blunders imposed on a populace by force of law . "
(1)
Gresham ’s Law
“ Gold flowed into the mint , silver disappeared , and the country found itself on a de facto gold standard . ”
The competition of gold and silver monies facilitated the growth of an increasingly productive , industrialized economy .
Free competition of stable money facilitates economic prosperity , but it also makes government manipulation of the money supply very difficult .
“ Perturbed at this slap to its sovereignty ... ” ,
passed the
outlawing the use of foreign coins in the US .
Section 1 of the Gold Standard Act of 1900 : “ Be it enacted . . , That the dollar consisting of twenty - five and eight - tenths grains of gold nine - tenths fine , as established by section thirty - five hundred and eleven of the Revised Statutes of the United States , shall be the standard unit of value , and all forms of money issued or coined by the United States ... ”
baked ricotta and bacon breakfast loaf
another masterchef inspired photo - Hayley cooked most of this
www.donnahay.com.au/recipes/5145-baked-ricotta-and-bacon-...
Done
Anthony Weiner strongly defends Israeli attack on flotilla
In a sign that some Dems in Congress may rally behind Israel in the face of international condemnation of the attack on the aid flotilla , Rep. Anthony Weiner of New York strongly defended Israel 's move in an interview , blaming the bloodshed on Turkey and the activists for instigating the conflict .
" This was about instigating an altercation and they succeeded , " Weiner , one of Israel 's leading allies in Congress , told me .
He insisted that the activists piloting the flotilla were offered other alternatives by Israel , such as docking the ship and transporting the supplies to Gaza by land .
" If you want to instigate a conflict with the Israeli navy it is n't hard to do , " Weiner continued .
" They were offered alternatives .
Instead they chose to sail into the teeth of an internationally recognized blockade . "
Pushed on whether the Israeli response , which killed at least nine , was disproportionate , Weiner would n't acknowledge it .
" It 's always easy to criticize the response to a hostile act , but for a week at least the Israelis were trying to prevent this altercation , " Weiner said , adding that the Israelis had been " set upon . "
" It 's very easy now to say they should have come in using water cannons and harsh language , " Weiner said , speaking of the Israeli commandos .
When I asked Weiner whether it was legit for the activists to use the flotilla to draw global attention to the humanitarian crisis in Gaza , he suggested that was n't the real motive .
" If they were truly interested in providing aid , there were ways , " Weiner said .
" This was about instigating an altercation and they succeeded . "
Pressed on whether it was defensible for Israel to authorize the boarding of the flotilla , given that such a move was certain to provoke an international outcry , Weiner again turned the blame back on Turkey and the activists .
" Anything that israel does would create an international outcry , " Weiner said .
" This entire effort was intended to create an international outrcry . "
More along these lines soon .
The fashion industry is ignoring the changing shapes of women 's bodies , a study claims today .
Designers and manufacturers still insist on making clothes that fit the traditional hourglass figure , when women 's shapes are more likely to be top - heavy , rectangular or pear - shaped .
The research found that although only 8 per cent of women now had the sort of hourglass figure flaunted by curvaceous 1950s film stars such as Sophia Loren , designers and manufacturers continued to make clothes to fit a slim - line version of that figure .
Of the 6,000 women 's body shapes analysed , 46 per cent were described as rectangular , with the waist less than nine inches smaller than the hips or bust .
Just over 20 per cent of women were bottom - heavy " spoons " , or pear shapes , with hips two inches larger than busts or more , while almost 14 per cent were " inverted triangles " - women whose busts were three or more inches bigger than their hips .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The study , by the North Carolina State University , was based on data from a two - year study of American body types , SizeUSA .
It was commissioned by Alva Products , a manufacturer of designers ' mannequins determined to force the industry to design clothes for the majority rather than the minority of women .
Janice Wang , the firm 's chief executive , said : " The majority of retailers are designing clothes for people with an hourglass figure . "
She added that industry standards for size measurements were out of date .
" That needs to change if the industry wants to serve the markets they currently are n't reaching . "
The fashion house Liz Claiborne has taken note .
David Baron , a vice - president , said it would introduce " gradual changes " to eventually provide " better - fitting " clothes .
Although the study concentrated on American women , its implications were relevant for British women , Ms Wang said , because eating habits and lifestyle meant the shapes of women in the two societies " mirrored each other " .
The British fashion designer Katherine Hamnett agreed that women who did not conform to a svelte size 10 continued to be neglected by fashion .
" The fashion industry ignores the true size of women at its peril , " she said .
" As to why they do , stupidity is the only reason I can think of .
It is the result of adhering unthinkingly to a tradition . "
And the idea that larger women are not the ideal to design for is a myth .
" I have measured film stars who have 42 inch hips , and are still getting a lot of work .
It is not how fat you are , it is whether you are fit that matters .
People can be beautiful when they are any shape or size . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Breast enhancements and other types of cosmetic surgery could influence the findings , Ms Hamnett said .
With breast enhancements likely to create the " inverted triangle " body type , the popularity of cosmetic surgery means there are new shapes that are less likely to be affected by diet or exercise .
The findings concur with a similar study of British women , SizeUK , published late last year , which found that the average woman 's waistline had expanded by six inches since the 1950s .
Carried out by University College London and the London College of Fashion , the study found that women and men had shot up and out , with today 's woman taller , with a bigger bust and hips than her 1950s counterpart .
Hourglass
Exemplified by the actress Sophia Loren , only 8 per cent of women tend to have equal hip and bust measurements with a narrow waist
The spoon
Just over 20 per cent of women , like Jennifer Lopez , have a pear - shaped figure , where the hip measurement is larger than the bust
Rectangular
Forty - six per cent of women fit this shape , where the waist is less than nine inches smaller than the hips or bust .
Mel C is a good example
Inverted triangle
Another modern outline , where the bust is bigger than the hips .
The swimmer Sharron Davies is one of the 14 per cent who fits this shape
World Cup 2010 : Netherlands Hopeful As Arjen Robben Injury Not As Bad As First Feared
Dutch winger to be given every chance of making the finals ...
The 26 - year - old Bayern Munich star picked up a hamstring injury in the 6 - 1 friendly win over Hungary , sparking fears that he would miss the entire tournament but van Marwijk has declared that he will not replace Robben in the 23 - man squad , giving him the opportunity to rejoin the squad when he recovers .
" I wo n't replace Arjen at this time , because I want to give him the chance to come back with the group , " van Marwijk is quoted as saying by Goal.com Netherlands .
Medical assessments this weekend showed that Robben has a slight tear in his left hamstring but the player has revealed that he is planning an intensive period of recovery in a bid to overcome the injury and fly to South Africa later to link up with the team .
" The last 24 hours I have had so much support from all the people around me and that has had a positive effect on me .
After the injury I went to the locker room for a first diagnosis which was very difficult .
But it was clear that it was n't good because I had a lot of pain .
Today I had the scan and it's just a small tear in my left hamstring .
It 's the first time I have had an injury on that part of my leg .
The last 3 years I have had no muscular injury , " the winger revealed to Studio Voetbal .
" It happened because I made too big a step .
They told me that if Dirk Kuyt had made a step like that he would have the same injury .
If I just let it heal than I 'm back on the field in 4 - 6 weeks , but we do n't have so much time .
Dick van Toorn is going to help me .
Tomorrow morning at 0730 I 'll meet him and were going to work incredibly hard .
I 'm going to fight till I drop . "
Become a fan of Goal.com International on Facebook !
Just click onto
Netherlands coach Bert van Marwijk is hoping injured winger Arjen Robben can recover in time to play some part for the Oranje at the World Cup finals after tests over the weekend showed the injury was not as bad as first feared .
The 26 - year - old Bayern Munich star picked up a hamstring injury in the 6 - 1 friendly win over Hungary , sparking fears that he would miss the entire tournament but van Marwijk has declared that he will not replace Robben in the 23 - man squad , giving him the opportunity to rejoin the squad when he recovers .
" I wo n't replace Arjen at this time , because I want to give him the chance to come back with the group , " van Marwijk is quoted as saying byMedical assessments this weekend showed that Robben has a slight tear in his left hamstring but the player has revealed that he is planning an intensive period of recovery in a bid to overcome the injury and fly to South Africa later to link up with the team .
"
The last 24 hours I have had so much support from all the people around me and that has had a positive effect on me .
After the injury I went to the locker room for a first diagnosis which was very difficult .
But it was clear that it was n't good because I had a lot of pain .
Today I had the scan and it's just a small tear in my left hamstring .
It 's the first time I have had an injury on that part of my leg .
The last 3 years I have had no muscular injury , " the winger revealed to Studio Voetbal .
"
It happened because I made too big a step .
They told me that if Dirk Kuyt had made a step like that he would have the same injury .
If I just let it heal than I 'm back on the field in 4 - 6 weeks , but we do n't have so much time .
Dick van Toorn is going to help me .
Tomorrow morning at 0730 I 'll meet him and were going to work incredibly hard .
I 'm going to fight till I drop .
" Become a fan of Goal.com International on Facebook !
Just click onto Facebook.com / Goal to join the beautiful game 's leading fan community ...
The L.A. Chapter of the NAACP just reacted to Mel Gibson using the " N " word in an explosive fight with Oksana Grigorieva ... calling Mel " an out of date and out of control racist . "
Leon Jenkins , President of the L.A. NAACP tells TMZ it 's unfortunate a man " who has made his millions off of women , African - Americans and Jews harbor such racist , sexist , and anti-semitic feeling against people who have admired and respected him for decades . "
Jenkins says " An apology is insufficent given his history of racism , sexism and anti-semitism . "
Jenkins adds , " No amount of words will change his image as an out of date and out of control racist . "
Below I 'll discuss the structure of wind fields , as well as potential impacts of this storm on both production and the oil spill .
One important thing to remember about these storms is that , when the storm finally arrives , the area of peak winds is normally quite small .
The reason why evacuations are needed over a wide area is in part because we cannot predict well in advance where that area will be .
Also , as we have discussed earlier , there are things besides very high winds that can be damaging -- for example , small boats have difficulty with big waves , and high tides can cause flooding .
Original Post Tropical Storm Bonnie ( AL03 ) continues to move through the Bahamas towards south Florida .
It 's not much of a storm at this point , just barely a tropical storm , and is not forecast to intensify very much .
In fact , several models show it degenerating into a open wave ( in other words , lose its closed circulation , one of the key characteristics of a tropical cyclone ) .
Here 's the current tracking map :
5 pm ET Friday Update Bonnie has passed over South Florida and is entering the Gulf of Mexico , pretty much on the forecast track .
It has dropped below tropical storm strength , but should gain a bit over water to become a minimal tropical storm again .
The post below pretty much sums things up : the main impact of the storm will be our reaction to it , since it is unlikely to cause much if any actual damage .
There are often debates over storms like this , and accusations of " crying wolf " .
I certainly feel that we should be having those discussions , and worry about overwarning and the news media overreacting to weak storms .
However , in this case , the problem is that we ( the meteorological community ) still do not have a lot of skill forecasting intensification of storms like this one , and if it does intensify , there would n't be time to react , especially for offshore assets like the Gulf of Mexico production and response rigs .
It 's a tough call .
Wind Fields
Here is the current Official forecast track from the National Hurricane Center , with the forecast wind swath :
That thin green band is the region of tropical storm force winds , assuming the storm follows precisely the forecast path .
People often vastly overestimate the size of the damaging wind field from storms .
The news media does n't help , showing colorized IR satellite images that emphasize the cold cloud tops over the storm .
The outer cloud shield for a hurricane or even tropical storm can extend hundreds of miles from the center .
Yet even for an intense storm , hurricane force winds are normally confined to an area of less than 100 miles from the center .
Another issue is that tropical cyclone winds are reported as " over water " winds .
While that 's fine for oil rigs and ships , it overestimates inland winds by 10 to 30 percent .
Normally , storms are asymmetric - the stronger winds are to the right of the direction of travel in the Northern Hemisphere .
Thus , while Katrina was a Category 3 or weak 4 as it hit the Mississippi coast , on the " weak " site , the New Orleans area only suffered from Category 1 winds at the surface .
( Scary thought , is n't it ? )
Here is an analysis of Bonnie from the Hurricane Research Division :
As can be seen as a small blob to the upper left of the center ( inside the bold line ) , the area of tropical storm force winds is extremely small , and in this case , not even in the usual NE quadrant of the storm .
Impact on production
We may see as much as a 60 % shut in for a few days from this storm due to evacuations and precautionary shut ins , with full production restored by the end of the month .
There should be no longer term impact - most of this area experienced the storms between 2004 and 2008 , and should be able to hold up to a weak to moderate tropical storm with no significant damage .
Impact on the Spill
As discussed in this previous thread , we really do n't know what will happen when a storm hits a large slick in an environment like the Gulf .
As I 've previously speculated , I suspect the benefits of mixing , dispersion , and rain flushing out the estuaries may outweigh the adverse impacts from a weak storm , but honestly we just do n't know .
Cleanup operations have already largely stopped .
As the storm passes , booms and other protective barriers will be torn apart and thrown inland .
In fact , if not removed before the storm , these booms and barriers have the potential to do a lot of damage to the marshes .
Subsurface Impacts
Hurricanes are a surface phenomena .
Their impacts rarely extend more than a few hundred meters ( 600 - 900 feet or so ) down the water column .
In the continental shelf , where the water is relatively shallow , they can cause considerable havoc .
At the depth of the Deepwater Horizon ( DWH ) well site ( over 5000 feet ) , however , there will be no impact .
The problem is for surface ships , and pipes connected to fixed subsurface structures .
With waves over 20 feet , the up and down motion puts considerable stress on these components , meaning they are normally disconnected .
In shallower water ( 500 ft or less ) , strong bottom currents stir up sediments , sometimes triggering massive undersea landslides .
These have destroyed pipelines from submersible production assets to shore in previous storms .
However , the DWH site is far enough out this should not be an issue .
Tracking Resources
Here are a few links for hurricane tracking and wind information .
Hour 1 :
Hour 2 :
Listener response : TELL US
what you think of this program
Purchase the CD
Advertisements
Tea Partier Brown Betrays Big Business Gods to Back Finance Overhaul
Oh , Scott .. How could you ?
Elected as a Tea Party candidate , Scott Brown has signaled that he will support President Obama ’s major financial overhaul bill which passed the House on June 30 and will come up for a vote in the Senate this week .
Brown ’s vote would be number 59 , as in 59 of the now needed 60 to pass a bill …. crossing
Party lines to help the people ?
Close to treason , if you ask me .
Although the Tea Party purports to back Main Street , their stances mimic their corporate overlords from Big Business – lower taxes on big corporations , disregard for lowered taxes for the middle class , and a seeming disdain for “ socialist ” programs like Medicare and Healthcare ( often at odds with their signs telling “ big Government ” to stay outta their Medicare … sigh ) – their front man and only “ success ” thus far , Massachusetts Republican Scott Brown , turns out to be no Tea Partier .
Advertisements
Yes , Scott Brown is siding against the Wall Street Republicans with the Main Street Democrats when it comes to the President ’s biggest overhaul in banking regulations since the Great Depression .
The bill will give regulators the ability to avoid federal government bailouts , which you would think would be a Tea Party goal since they claim to be angry about the “ bail outs ” , which they also conveniently blame Obama for , but which in reality were Bush ’s babies , though the Detroit bail out was definitely supported by both and enacted by Obama .
So , President Obama is trying to regulate the banking industry and avoid further government bail outs .
Sounds like a Socialist to me .
Standing up for the people .
Yeah , that President .
The one the media keeps telling you is plummeting in the polls .
Uh huh .
I ’d ’ suggest that we cure the hue and cry of angry “ Small Government ” Tea Partiers the country wide , only I ’ve noticed that they have an amazing capacity to ignore reality .
Rose colored glasses for their erstwhile heroes .
These are the same 23 percenters who still supported George Bush , so this should not come as a shock .
But still ….
The Boston Herald reported :
“ “ Scott Brown has demonstrated how bipartisanship is supposed to work , ” Dodd , a Democratic senator from Connecticut , told the Herald .
“ When he had concerns about the bill , he worked with members of both parties to see that they were addressed . ”
But conservatives who backed Brown in the special election are far less enthusiastic .
“ I ’m looking at the ‘ Scott Brown ’ bumper sticker on back of my car and having serious doubts ( about him ) , ” said Christen Varley , who as president of the Greater Boston Tea Party opposes more government regulation .
“ We ’ll all have to independently make a decision in 2012 whether we ’ll support him again . ” ”
Ut -oh , Scotty .
You ’re not supposed to actually be working for the people .
Did n’t you get the memo ?
Obstruct and stall , baby , that ’s the name of the game .
Must n’t support a man who wants to put an end to one of the major causes of the Great Recession .
The National Journal quotes Brown as saying :
“ While the bill is not perfect , it includes “ safeguards to help prevent another financial meltdown , ensures that consumers are protected , and it is paid for without new taxes . ”
Brown praised negotiators for dropping a pay - for that would have imposed an $ 18 billion fee on large financial firms .
Instead , the package will end the $ 700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program early and boost the minimum premiums that large banks have to pay into the FDIC ’s insurance fund to comply with pay - as - you - go budget rules .
“ As a result , it is a better bill than it was when this whole process started , ”
The rest of the Republican Party ( save possibles Olypmia Snowe ( R- Maine and Chuck Grassley R- IA ) is claiming they ca n’t support the bill because of “ budget gimmickry . ”
Apparently the lower taxes and increase spending Republicans are now against “ budget gimmickry ” .
When they ’re in charge , they do n’t mind leaving wars off of the budget all together and not paying for the largest entitlement program in years , Medicare prescription benefits , but it seems like when they ’re not in power , they find Fiscal Religion .
Go figure .
Of course , we have the lone Dem Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) who ’s holding out .
Nothing like betraying the people , Russ .
We really need to thank those Tea Partiers for all of their help in pushing Scott Brown .
In turning his back on partisan rhetoric , Scott Brown might just help the Democrats and President Obama save Main Street .
Brown is willing to break with the Republican Party in order to do what ’s right for his country .
That ’s called patriotism and the Republicans would do well to pay attention to the Junior Senator as he shows them how to do their jobs .
The question is this simple :
If an American soldier is under attack in Afghanistan , when are they allowed to shoot back ?
The answer should be reflexive and immediate .
But in the dusty warrens of Kandahar and the rugged mountains of Kunar Province , American forces are struggling every day to abide by a confusing set of so - called “ Rules of Engagement . ”
The confusion puts their lives in danger .
And that ’s why Gen. David Petraeus has vowed to review the “ ROE , ” as they are referred to in military parlance .
Before his dramatic resignation last month , Gen. Stanley McChrystal had cracked down on the rules of engagement in an effort to limit civilian casualties as the United States led a surge of 30,000 troops into Kandahar and began a new counter - insurgency campaign in the town where the Taliban movement was born .
McChrystal said the strategy would require specifically tightening the use of airpower , artillery and “ lethal force ” in population centers such as Kandahar , where insurgents live among the population .
McChrystal explained that the increased risk to American soldiers was part of the price that the United States and its allies would have to pay for a counterinsurgency strategy intent on winning hearts and minds .
The revised rules of engagement have been applauded by many Afghan leaders .
Human rights activists say they contributed to a reduction in the number of Afghan civilian casualties killed by foreign troops , which according to a U.N. report , reached a total of 2,412 last year .
But these stricter rules have been disparaged by American military analysts and returning veterans .
Sen .
Joe Lieberman , who recently toured Afghanistan and studied the issue , went so far as to say they “ hurt morale . ”
Stories of troops waiting for air support and being prevented from firing unless they are shot at first have been rippling through the military for months .
Many soldiers in the field complain that the Taliban is keenly aware of these rules and has become expert at firing on U.S. positions and then melting back into the civilian population .
Now that Gen. Petraeus has taken the reins of power in Afghanistan , he has vowed a “ hard review ” of these guidelines for troops in the field .
Petraeus said he would look to ensure that they are implemented more consistently in the filed and that confusion is minimized through better briefings of field commanders on what is expected of their troops .
Troops interviewed by GlobalPost correspondents in the field say they are relieved to hear that there may be some reconsideration of the current ROE .
In a memo to troops in the field issued on July 4 , the first day he formally assumed command , Petraeus seemed to be striking a new chord : “ Protecting those we are here to help nonetheless does require killing , capturing or turning the insurgents .
We will not shrink from that . ”
In this GlobalPost video report from Kunar Province , the confusion is brought to life through the eyes of the soldiers who are growing frustrated with all the revisions and the rethinking that has gone into the U.S. military ’s “ Rules of Engagement . ”
The stakes are high , as any soldier in Afghanistan will tell you .
June was the deadliest month on record for foreign troops .
The death toll was 102 and more than half of them were American soldiers .
But even with more clear rules of engagement that allow soldiers to react to the situation around them , it ’s not clear that will improve the chances for success in Afghanistan .
As Sgt. Trevor Petsch , interviewed in this video , put it : “ We ’d be more successful at killing .
I do n’t know how much more successful we ’d be at winning the war . ”
A biker was riding his Harley along a California highway , when suddenly the sky cleared above his head and in a booming voice , the Lord said : Because you have tried to be faithful to me and always , I will grant you one wish .
The biker pulled over and said , build a bridge to Hawaii so I can ride over anytime I want .
The Lord said your request is materialistic .
Think of all the enormous challenges for that kind of undertaking ; the supports required reaching the bottom of the Pacific , and the concrete and steel it would take !
It will nearly exhaust several natural resources .
I can do it , but it is hard for me to justify your desire for worldly things .
Take a little more time and think of something that could possibly help mankind .
The biker thought about it for a long time .
Finally , he said , Lord , I wish that I and all men could understand women ; I want to know how she feels inside , what she ’s thinking when she gives me the silent treatment , when she cries , what she means when she says nothing is wrong , when she snaps and complains when I try to help , and how I can make a woman truly happy .
The Lord replied , “ do you want two lanes or four lanes on that bridge ? ”
Okay , I 'll admit .
David Vitter did n't literally say abortion laws do n't impact on women , but he came pretty damn close .
As I wrote earlier , Vitter is coming under new fire in the controversy over why he did n't fire aide Brent Furer after learning that Furer had stabbed an ex-girlfriend .
According to new reports , Furer was responsible for dealing with women 's issues -- including domestic violence legislation .
Even though Furer met with anti-domestic violence activists last month , Vitter denies that Furer had any responsibility for issues affecting women .
On its face , that 's obviously bunk , but it gets weirder ... because Vitter does admit that Furer was responsible for all issues related to abortion .
So Vitter says Furer had no responsibility for issues affecting women , but not only has it emerged that Furer ( after stabbing his ex- girlfriend ) worked on domestic violence legislation , Vitter himself is now admitting that Furer worked on issues related to abortion .
And yet Vitter somehow thinks abortion is not an issue that matters to women .
It 's enough to make you wonder whether he has any clue whatsoever how human reproduction takes place .
In case he needs a hint about the birds and the bees : there is no stork , and it 's women who get pregnant -- not men .
Voices of Hope and Recovery is a film about the struggles and victories of five Virginians who have overcome the grip of mental illness to live life on their own terms .
Created by award - winning Virginia filmmaker Robert Griffith , along with an original score by acclaimed Virginia singer / songwriter Steve Bassett , this 50 - minute documentary illustrates the power of hope and the possibility of recovery from serious mental illness .
This film was made possible by funds from the federal Mental Health Block Grant .
Voices of Hope and Recovery from VA DBHDS on Vimeo .
A Robert Griffith film , “ Voices of Hope and Recovery ” will be airing on PBS in Richmond and Charlottesville on the following dates : Friday 7/9 at 10 p.m. , Sunday 7/11 at 4 p.m. , Monday 7/12 at 11 p.m. , and Tuesday 7/13 at 8 p.m .
“ Voices ” is a film about the struggles and victories of five Virginians who have overcome the grip of mental illness to live life on their own terms .
Bob ’s Vimeo page
http://vimeo.com/user2965436
Voices of Hope and Recovery is a film about the struggles and victories of five Virginians who have overcome the grip of mental illness to live life on their own terms .
Created by award - winning Virginia filmmaker Robert Griffith , along with an original score by acclaimed Virginia singer / songwriter Steve Bassett , this 50 - minute documentary illustrates the power of hope and the possibility of recovery from serious mental illness .
This film was made possible by funds from the federal Mental Health Block Grant .
Voices of Hope and Recovery from VA DBHDS on Vimeo .
A Robert Griffith film , “ Voices of Hope and Recovery ” will be airing on PBS in Richmond and Charlottesville on the following dates : Friday 7/9 at 10 p.m. , Sunday 7/11 at 4 p.m. , Monday 7/12 at 11 p.m. , and Tuesday 7/13 at 8 p.m .
“ Voices ” is a film about the struggles and victories of five Virginians who have overcome the grip of mental illness to live life on their own terms .
Bob ’s Vimeo page
http://vimeo.com/user2965436
Back when Google announced it was looking for cities to test its fiber - to - the - home trial network , we profiled a host of municipalities that tried every possible publicity stunt in the book to get the search engine giant 's attention .
These included a North Carolina city council member who promised to name his offspring after Google 's co-founders , along with the mayor of Topeka ... who tried to rename his town " Google , Kansas . "
But we missed a group of residents from the city of Ventura , California , whose website declares " Give Ventura the Google fiber or the puppy gets it ! " in Hostage Situation Gothic font .
" You heard us , " the site adds .
" And yes , we 're totally serious .
Totally . "
They 're not — as evident from a Youtube video that shows the pooch in question , " Padme T. Dog , " happily barking " Goooogle " ( sort of ) every time it 's asked whether it wants high speed fiber .
AT&T , however , might be serious when it told the Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that if the Federal Communications Commission enacts new net neutrality rules , its U - verse IPTV / broadband service could " get it " — in the sense that the telco might downgrade investment in the offering .
" If this Title 2 regulation looks imminent , we have to re-evaluate whether we put shovels in the ground , " AT&T Chief Executive Randall Stephenson told the WSJ .
3 - 2 from the next guy
That " Title 2 " business refers to FCC Chair Julius Genachowski's proposal to partially reclassify broadband ISPs as common carriers under Title II of the Communications Act .
At the same time , the agency would " forbear " from using many items in Title II 's toolbox , including the regulation of pricing and subscription rates .
Stephenson appears displeased by this plan .
Sure , the government could forbear now , he suggests , but what if regulators later change their minds , reverse course , and add new rules ?
" I'm a 3 - 2 vote away from the next guy coming in and saying I disagree with that , I take it away , " Stephenson said , referring to the agency 's five Commissioner voting system .
His comments come as the FCC prepares to release a Notice of Inquiry on its Open Internet proposals on Thursday .
U-verse has offered IP video and middling - speed Internet since June 2006 , when it launched in San Antonio , Texas .
In December of 2009 , AT&T proudly announced U - verse 's two millionth TV customer across a service area of 22 states .
But it 's been a bumpy road , with AT&T either rolling back its forecast of the number of homes it would serve or telling U - verse broadband subscribers that AT&T reserved the right to temporarily reduce throughput speeds when " a customer is using other U - verse services in a manner that requires high bandwidth . "
( Translation : watch HD television and your Internet bandwidth could tank . )
That leads to the question du jour : just how seriously the FCC should take Stephenson 's warning , given AT&T 's comments about U - verse in its 2009 Annual Report :
Capital expenditures in our Wireline segment , excluding interest during construction , which represented 64.3 percent of our capital expenditures , decreased 21 percent for 2009 , reflecting decreased spending on U - verse services as the upgrades to our existing network become more mature .
In addition , capital expenditures decreased due to less spending on wireline voice services , and lower DSL and High Capacity volumes .
As we were reading this paragraph , the reform group Free Press released a statement that raised the same obvious question .
" AT&T has already slowed down U - verse deployment under the current Title I regime , " declared the group 's S. Derek Turner , " so to blame the FCC for the company 's own investment decisions is simply disingenuous . "
Title I is the portion of the Communications
Act under which the Commission currently regulates ISPs — albeit weakly since a Federal court struck down the agency 's efforts to sanction Comcast 's P2P throttling antics under that section .
Indeed , it may be that AT&T is just holding U - verse hostage here , rhetorically speaking .
That move gives credence to the small army of Democrats and Republicans in Congress who say they oppose net neutrality rules because of their supposed investment - discouraging effects .
Unable to determine
But it 's worth reading the rest of the AT&T report , which suggests that U - verse still has a big role to play in the telco 's future — especially as tens of thousands of consumers continue to drop traditional phone service .
The company has already asked the FCC to prepare for the extinction of old - school copper wire line access , calling the network and its product " relics of a bygone era . "
" We expect continuing declines in traditional access lines and in advertising from our print directories , " AT&T says .
" Where available , our U - verse services [ which include VoIP ] are proving effective in stemming access line losses , and we expect to continue to expand our U - verse service offerings in 2010 . "
The assessment also calls the feature " on track to be a $ 3 billion annual revenue stream " by this year .
As for the report 's mention of the agency 's proposed net neutrality rules — the survey summarizes them as they were laid out back in October , then , oddly , offers a pretty neutral analysis to investors .
" We are unable to determine the impact of this proceeding on our operating results and financial condition at this time . "
So how do we read Mr. Stephenson 's warning about U -verse ?
We 're hoping AT&T is n't serious .
The FCC has emphatically insisted that it wo n't , err , " unforbear " its Title II forbearances towards ISPs .
In fact , as Commissioner Mignon Clyburn argued last week , that has never happened .
" Not only has the Commission never reversed a forbearance decision , but I have not heard anyone complain about this possibility in the wireless context , " Clyburn insisted .
" This is significant because the Chairman 's classification proposal is nearly identical to the regulatory regime under which wireless voice services live today . "
More importantly , AT&T has put a huge amount of time , effort , and money into U - verse , which competes with cable for millions of broadband consumers .
What 's AT&T going to do ?
Slow the only project that even brings it within shouting distance of DOCSIS 3.0 cable systems and Verizon 's FiOS ?
Relegate itself to perpetual last - place ISP , offering nothing but 6 M bps DSL while competitors rent access to 50 and 100 M bps pipes ?
Surely not ; as AT&T and other ISPs never tire of telling the public and the FCC , there 's " plenty of competition " for Internet access .
If ( ahem ) that 's true , AT&T can't simply ride its copper into the sunset unless it is also content with being a mere bargain - basement provider to the " value " segment of the market .
So hopefully this is just economic saber rattling .
But even if it is , we 're confident it 's not the last rattle .
Crawfisher Drew Landry Sings Stirring Folk Song to Oil Spill Commission ( VIDEO )
Posted in Alabama Maritime News , BP British Petroleum , Environment , Florida Maritime News , Government , Gulf Coast , Louisiana Maritime News , Mississippi Maritime News , Texas Maritime News on July 14 , 2010
Louisiana crawfisher , Drew Landry , a native of Lafeyette , Louisiana and a Cajun singer - songwriter , addresses the White House Oil Spill Commission and sings about the devasting economic environment , the effect on the unemployed workers and ecosystem
The song is a moving real honest to goodness folk song that evokes emotion and tells the story of the lives affected by the recent oil spill tragedy .
“ We definitely need other solutions , going green — whatever it takes , man , ” Landry said , as he addressed commission co-chair Bob Graham , a former Democratic senator from Florida .
“ We ’ve got nothing .
We do n’t want to be a welfare state .
There ’s no point in that .
We ’re hardworking people . ”
Landry told the commission that he and his neighbors work in crawfish holes or “ pay the bills ” in the oil fields , and the recent oil spill disaster has been devastating to their way of life .
“ I never thought I ’d be the hippie that brings the guitar into the meeting , ” he said as he began to sing .
Watch video of Drew Landry singing to the Oil Spill Commission
After the song , Landry tells the commission “ It feels like BP is in control of this deal , and the Coast Guard does what they want , you know , the press ca n’t be around .
But more importantly , it feels like the people do n’t have a voice in this thing , ” “ It should n’t be about a policy change it should be about what makes the most sense , how we ’re going to keep these people working , It just sucks .
Let ’s just do the right damn thing .
It should n’t be this hard .
It should n’t take a committee to listen to people . ”
Published by maritime lawyer Gordon , Elias & Seely , LLP
by Mat Honan
Hi !
We ’re the media .
We get a lot of press releases .
Press releases are almost always bad .
Especially those that come to our personal email inboxes .
Here ’s a better idea : write an email to someone you know will care .
Or do n’t !
You could just blindly send out a bunch of crap and then bill your client for it .
I mean , why not , right ?
It ’s not like some snarky asshole will publish your press release online , with derogatory inline notes .
Oh wait .
Mat Honan is a Wired magazine contributing editor .
He lives in California and last wrote about Facebook in 2008 .
At the post Ultimate Fighter Finale press conference it was revealed that the large spot on Matt Hamill 's back was staph infection .
He also revealed that in the first round of his fight with Keith Jardine he broke his hand .
And of course there was the nasty accidental eye poke in the second round that caused some blurry vision for Jardine .
For him to be able to compete for three rounds was impressive .
For him to be able to win the fight despite all of these conditions is a testament to what a tough and talented fighter he is .
And for him to be allowed into the cage with staph infection is a failure on the part of the Nevada State Athletic Commission .
From MMA Junkie :
" I have a staph infection , " Hamill said .
" I 'll get put on antibiotics tomorrow . "
Following the evening 's press conference , Nevada State Athletic Commission executive director Keith Kizer told MMAjunkie.com ( www.mmajunkie.com) that he was aware of Hamill 's condition prior to the bout .
Kizer said that a licensed doctor had viewed the wound on Friday .
After weighing the potential risks to both Hamill and Jardine , the doctor cleared " The Hammer " to fight .
So Hamill had staph and was not yet on antibiotics and the NSAC decided that it was a good idea to let him fight ?
The doctor is aware of how incredibly contagious staph is , right ?
Furthermore , it was not a situation that only impacted Jardine and Hamill .
They were not the only ones fighting and once the mat became contaminated it would take serious disinfection measures to be safe for other fighters .
Someone at the NSAC has to explain exactly how these decisions were made and if Jardine , Court McGee or Kris McCray come down with an infection the commission should be held 100 % responsible .
Photo of the infection after the jump ...
via Esther Lin ( MMA Fighting )
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Insanity , they say , is doing the same thing and expecting a different result .
Actually , that is just scientific irrationality .
In human affairs , alas , insanity is doing the same thing and expecting the same result .
A case in point is the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions movement against Israel , which — considering what happened at the University of California , Berkeley , in late April , and off the Gaza coast in late May — will be coming soon to a campus near you .
Ad Policy
If you missed it , Berkeley ’s student senate passed a BDS resolution against Israel , targeting General Electric and United Technologies , which presumably support Israel ’s occupation force .
The student president vetoed the resolution .
The senate then failed to override it , but the vote was thirteen to five in favor , with one abstention .
The reports I ’ve read of the debate suggest people falling into a familiar pattern : professors , students , union activists , etc. torturing logic to depict Israel ’s faults — which are serious enough to be unique — as " apartheid , " while rehearsing the principles of action that arguably worked against South Africa a generation ago .
I say " arguably " because some of apartheid ’s most courageous critics , who helped to bring about an end to white rule , were opposed to B and D , even when they cautiously favored S. In 1987 , when I was an editor of the Harvard Business Review , I interviewed Tony Bloom , CEO of the South African food processing giant Premier Group .
Early on , Bloom rejected apartheid ’s foundations , and his company hired political detainees after they were released from prison .
He had been among the small group of white business leaders who risked all in 1985 to meet with ANC leaders in Zambia — a great turning point .
He befriended future South African President Thabo Mbeki and worked to support the transition to democracy .
Though he eventually moved to London , he continued to transform his conglomerate into a model postapartheid firm .
What Bloom told me in 1987 was that , yes , foreign government sanctions on South African trade made sense in certain cases .
But the boycott of South African universities and business people , and especially divestment campaigns against international companies doing business in the country , were seriously counterproductive .
Why ?
Because those actions generally undermined the very people who advanced cosmopolitan values in the country .
To get social change , you need social champions , in management as in universities .
Corporations like GM , Daimler and IBM did profit from the apartheid era , in the sense that they made the cars , trucks and computers South Africa needed and made enough profit to stay in business .
But by this standard , tenured professors of democratic philosophy at Witwatersrand profited , too .
The point is , great corporations , like great universities , are teaching institutions .
Bloom thought foreign , technology - heavy corporations were especially important breakers of apartheid taboos , bringing what might be called scientific doubt — not to mention international management protocols opposed to racism and bigotry , like the Sullivan Principles .
Their managers were Bloom ’s elite allies ; had they been forced to pull out by their shareholders , it would have been a disaster for him and others devoted to reform .
This , I hasten to add , was a regime whose original wealth was almost entirely extractive , built on the labor of black Africans in mining and farming , and an economy whose trade was still largely in diamonds , minerals and produce .
Sanctioning South African trade meant distressing , mostly , mine and plantation owners who profited directly from the old exploitation .
There was a common political language , English , and despite strong local ethnicities and tongues ( Afrikaans , Zulu , Xhosa , etc. ) a perversely unified culture divided by class and race .
Yet people like Bloom personified a growing urban industrial sector ( mainly with British roots ) that needed global technological culture , financial services and commercial know - how .
The entrenched security state seemed to him a throwback to naked colonialism , defending a more retrograde capitalism and a huge ( largely Afrikaner ) public sector .
Even under apartheid , that is , you had enlightened people who needed the world ’s backing , and B and D cut the ground out from under them .
In contrast , Bloom thought , state officials might be shunned .
Segregated sports teams might be shunned .
South Africa might be kept out of regional free - trade agreements , so the economy as a whole might be seen by the public as promising and yet held back by racism .
Which brings us to Israel today .
Some Israeli democrats and peace activists welcome the BDS trend , if reluctantly .
They argue what seems plausible , that the only way to influence the Israeli government ( and the Israeli right more generally ) to end the occupation is through mounting outside pressure .
And , true enough , the Israeli state apparatus persists in according semiofficial status to various institutions — the Jewish Agency and Jewish National Fund , the Orthodox rabbinate — that privilege J- positive blood .
The warped legal frame accommodating these institutions , from the administration of national lands to the " status quo " agreement banning interfaith marriages , valorize a settlement mystique , a tribal conception of Jewish identity and a cult of Jerusalem ; the groups resisting democratic reform of the state are , unsurprisingly , the same that support Greater Israel .
( I argued all these points in my book The Tragedy of Zionism in 1985 — hence , my interest in Bloom . )
Nevertheless , is Israel really like apartheid South Africa ?
No .
The Israeli economy does not depend on Arab labor — and never did .
( From 1967 to the 1990s , it is true , Israelis did employ tens of thousands of Palestinians in construction and agriculture ; but these proved marginal industries , and foreign workers eventually replaced them with little dislocation . )
What , if not residual colonialism , accounts for residual discrimination ?
Tragically , the very institutions that make Israel discriminatory today consolidated their power during the 1920s and ’30s , under the British Mandate , and were meant to cultivate autonomous " Hebrew labor " and economic self - sufficiency separate from the Arab feudal culture .
The idea , then , was a revolutionary , secular Hebrew culture ( which is why most Diaspora rabbis thought Zionists to be apostates ) .
This separatism led to the globalized Hebrew republic in greater Tel Aviv , a civil society that ’s become a greenhouse for technology start - ups as independent of labor - intensive industry as Silicon Valley .
Economically , the ideal solution for Israeli entrepreneurs would be to saw Tel Aviv and the coastal plain off Eurasia and float it out toward Cyprus .
The internal rival to Greater Israel is Global Israel .
And , not coincidentally , Israelis and Palestinians can hardly be thought of as antagonistic classes in a common political economy .
Rather , they both cherish linguistic and other cultural distinctions they want to protect — distinctions that morph into inflamed nationalisms and " religious war " when people on either side of the Green Line feel backed against the wall .
Finally — despite institutionalized discrimination and the disquieting excesses of its security apparatus — the Israeli state still accords its citizens , including about 1.5 million Arabs , a functioning democracy , the right to vote , a free press and an independent judiciary .
Democratic Israel is under threat from growing numbers of rightists for whom settling " Eretz Yisrael " is of a piece with containing , if not disenfranchising , Israeli Arabs and Jewish dissenters skeptical of their version of the Jewish state .
But , then , how to strengthen dissent ?
By isolating dissenters ?
People who advocate for boycott and divestment often slide over these matters .
They may say they are modestly trying to pressure Israeli elites into ending the occupation .
But take the Berkeley initiative to scale and add in the boycott of Israeli universities , recently proposed in England ’s academic union .
How would cutting off the most progressive forces in Israel from global corporations and international scholarly events accomplish this ?
Even generalized trade sanctions , like keeping Israel out of the OECD ( which , in fact , it recently joined ) , would have mainly impaired Israel ’s estimated $ 25 billion in high - tech exports , not extractive , postcolonial industries , as in South Africa .
Polls show that about 40 percent of Israeli Jews have abidingly secular and globalist ( if not liberal ) attitudes .
Who gains from economic decline and the inevitable consequence of most educated Israelis fleeing to , well , the Bay Area ?
Would n’t the rightists , also about 40 percent , be most satisfied to see Israel become a little Jewish Pakistan ?
Besides , divestment on the Berkeley model assumes the capacity to identify companies specifically supporting occupation activities .
But Israel ’s networked economy makes this virtually impossible .
Is United Technologies bad because one division , Sikorsky , makes Israeli attack helicopters — or is it good because another division , Carrier , makes Palestinian air conditioners ?
And what about GE CAT scans ?
For that matter , what about the Samsung cellphone the attack helicopter pilot may be carrying , or the Android software on the cellphone ?
OK , some will respond , just make the boycott more general .
But the idea that precipitating Israeli economic collapse will somehow hasten a democratic outcome is like smacking a TV to fix the picture .
Come to think of it , it is like blockading Gaza to sink Hamas .
My impression from various encounters with advocates for B and D is that they are simply unable to imagine that the post - 1967 Israel , an Israel of occupation , is not the only possible one .
They take for granted that all Israelis are colluding in an immoral , outdated structure — that , QED , a " Jewish state " must mean racist privileges for Jews .
They imply , but will not just say , that the two - state solution is an illusion and that Palestine is bound to become a bantustan ; that we are on the path to a binational state , one person , one vote , in the whole of historic Palestine — and that punishing Israeli globalization will hasten its arrival .
( Presumably , as in South Africa , the citizens of this new state will all speak an exotically accented English . )
But what seems far more likely than a binational state , given the irredentist instincts of the Israeli right and the precedent of violent " steadfastness " of Palestinians ( reinforced by the Islamist trend gripping many Palestinian young people ) , is a kind of Bosnian war .
It could start tomorrow with , say , a riot among increasingly impoverished Jerusalem Arabs and spread like wildfire across the West Bank and Israeli Arab towns of the Triangle region .
How will B and D do anything but make all Israelis feel demonized and prone to apocalyptic thinking and ethnic cleansing ?
Already , polls suggest that the Israeli center , which is skeptical of the settlers , feels " the West " does not appreciate what it is like to live with suicide bombers and missile attacks .
Targeted sanctions against the occupation are another matter , however .
Foreign governments might well ban consumer products like fruit , flowers and Dead Sea mineral creams and shampoos produced by Israelis in occupied territory , much as Palestinian retail stores do .
The EU already requires Israel to distinguish products this way .
If Israel continues building in East Jerusalem , and the UN Security Council majority sanctions Israeli tourism , the US government might well choose not to veto the resolution .
The Pentagon might sanction , say , Israel Aerospace Industries if , owing to continued settlement , Israeli - Palestinian negotiations break down .
Any US sanctions would dominate Israeli headlines for weeks .
These would not much hurt the economy directly but would gesture toward the larger truth Israeli managers understand in their bones , namely , that an advanced , networked economy is built as much on expanding relationships with global companies as algorithms , and political isolation will naturally lead to economic isolation .
Israelis , indeed , must be made to choose between Global Israel and Greater Israel , but you do not automatically hurt the latter by wrecking the former .
Sanction the Israeli government for activities that obstruct peacemaking .
Hurt the settlements .
But boycott and divest from the private sector , and you may create an economic implosion .
Israel ’s ratio of debt to GDP looks eerily like that of the weakest EU economies .
Unlike Greece , Israel has a rising class of cosmopolitan entrepreneurs who have been politically complacent , especially during the second intifada and Bush administration .
But only they can lead the country out of political crisis — and only if they can hold on to their prestige , which is itself rooted in international commerce .
This prestige , after all , is what diplomatic " engagement " aims to achieve — does it not ?
We want the soft power of global markets to encourage the formation of more worldly business and professional classes everywhere , from Russia to Syria .
Is n’t that why we invest such hope in Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad ?
We said Bush , Cheney and Rice were wrong to boycott whole countries .
They were .
Looks like Lindsey Graham is worried about appeasing the nativists in his wingnut base .
On Greta Van Susteren 's show the other night he announced he might introduce a bill that would change the law granting citizenship to children of immigrants born in the United States .
As Steve Benen noted :
... as far as much of the media is concerned , Sen. Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) is a reasonable , pragmatic Republican , with whom Democrats should have no trouble finding common ground .
He 's proving once again here he does n't deserve that label .
Lawmakers Consider Ending Citizenship for Children of Illegal Immigrants :
Lawmakers since last year have been kicking around a proposal to bar U.S. - born children of illegal immigrants from becoming U.S. citizens .
Such a move , which has been ridiculed by legal scholars , would be a drastic reinterpretation of the U.S. Constitution 's 14th Amendment .
But those supporting the move say it removes a key incentive luring illegal immigrants over the border .
And with Arizona lawmakers now prohibited from requiring police to check immigration status , the option might be back on the table .
Sen. Lindsey Graham , R - S.C. , told Fox News after the Arizona ruling came down that " birthright citizenship " needs to be changed .
" I 'm a practical guy , but when you go forward I do n't want 20 million more ( illegal immigrants ) 20 years from now , " he said .
" Let 's have a system that does n't reward people for cheating . "
Though other lawmakers have called for a change in U.S. or state law , Graham said he might introduce a constitutional amendment .
" We should change our Constitution and say if you come here illegally and you have a child , that child 's automatically not a citizen , " he said Wednesday .
" They come here to drop a child -- it 's called ' drop and leave . ' ...
That attracts people here for all the wrong reasons . "
As Steve also noted , Jamelle Bouie at the American Prospect did a very good job of pointing out just how extreme Graham 's position is -- What Ever Happened to the Maverick of South Carolina ? :
Of course , we should be careful not to confuse independence with moderation .
Yes , Graham has been willing to work with Democrats , but he 's consistently brought a conservative approach to the issues .
And when working on his own , he does n't hesitate to champion conservative causes .
For instance , Graham is n't too fond of children born to illegal immigrants in the United States -- " anchor babies , " as the right - wing describes them .
Indeed , Graham is so incensed by this that he wants to amend the Constitution to end it . [...]
It 's genuinely difficult to overstate the radicalism necessary to seek a transformation of the Fourteenth Amendment , which was designed to ensure that slavery could never again happen in the United States and is now integral to keeping the United States free of a permanent underclass of immigrant workers .
At its core , birthright citizenship gives immigrants a reason to stay and provide lasting contributions to the United States .
In assaulting birthright citizenship , Graham is attacking an incredibly important part of the American social contract .
If the media has any sense , this should kill the narrative that Lindsey Graham is a maverick or a reasonable Republican .
Even the Fox article pointed out that this is not likely to happen and how crass this political game being played by the right wing is .
The amendment process is drawn out , and success is almost always unlikely -- it would take a two - thirds vote in both chambers of Congress as well as ratification by three - fourths of the states .
That 's 38 states .
Michael Wildes , an immigration lawyer and former federal prosecutor , called the push " pie in the sky " no matter how lawmakers go about it .
He said any law altering the 14th amendment would never survive a court challenge and questioned the intent .
" It 's spiteful , " he said .
" These are U.S. citizens .
...
They 're babies that by the grace of God were born in one country instead of another . "
He said immigrants are not by and large crossing illegally into the United States just to have children .
For starters , he said the parents would have to wait 21 years before their children could sponsor them for legal residency .
Wildes , former mayor of Englewood , N.J. , said changing the citizenship ground rules would fundamentally alter the foundation of the United States .
It is a rarity for a country to offer citizenship to anyone just because they 're born on that country 's soil -- but that principle has shaped the U.S. population .
UPDATE : Title slightly amended to reflect that he does not want to repeal the entire 14th Amendment , just part of it .
cover he needs to extend his brutal regime ( the mistake the U.S. made for a long time with Saddam Hussein and Castro ) ; in Saudi Arabia , western governments should encourage manageable change before the country breaks apart ; they should help strengthen China 's economy so it can further liberalize ; they must encourage Israel to decide what kind of country it will be .
Filled with imaginative and surprising examples of how to correct outworn political ideas , The J Curvepoints the way for western governments to lead the way to a realistic political balance and a healthier economic future .
… ( more Locate nations on the J Curve - left for authoritarian , right for democratic .
Then figure out how to force those on the left to open their societies , rather than encouraging them to shut them tighter by further isolating them .
The West 's isolation of Kim Jong - il 's North Korea gives him the
Alex Jones & Aaron Dykes
Infowars.com
July 8 , 2010
Editor ’s note , July 11 : The video below has gone viral on YouTube with over 350,000 views since it was posted on July 8 .
Alex Jones gives the inside scoop on basketball MVP LeBron James ’ pivotal trade decision … err , I mean , rather breaks down how society has become obsessed with celebrity culture and taken its eye off of important world events , allowing corruption and global domination to take root .
While LeBron announces his move to Miami , the mindless sports fans of America have essentially ignored larger problems .
Here are people by the tens of thousands begging LeBron James to stay on their team , yet these same people wo n’t go out and protest the looting of the Federal government , the banker - bailout or even the BP oil spill .
Yes , modern bread and circuses– endless ballgames , television and gossip about celeb birthday parties – has driven our culture to embrace the meaningless , while reducing our consciousness to mindless drivel .
America– once the greatest cradle of imagination and wealth has fallen to a land of virtual morons who look up to decadent system - icons instead of leaders who could drive our future to greatness once again .
{openx:49}
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
submerged .
Two of us were trapped in the back seat of a Dodge Colt with rear grill covered windows .
Oxygen does not last as long if someone is panicking , and it gets harder to think .
This is good information .
We were very fortunate , and I believe you have provided excellent advice for your readers . "
... "
" Years ago I was a passenger in the back seat of a vehicle that flipped off a water crossing into a river and was
Details of Fulham 's court action against Sir Dave Richards emerged today showing the club has demanded his removal as chairman of the Premier League , or at least a ban from any involvement with transfers , the Guardian can reveal .
The Premier League chief executive , Richard Scudamore , confirmed in an email to all member clubs this week : " Fulham are asking the court to order an injunction restraining the chairman [ Richards ] from taking any role in the transfer of players or , alternatively , that the court remove the chairman from the board of the Premier League . "
It is an extraordinary and unprecedented step from a shareholder club to take recourse to the high court against the chairman , whose role it is to represent their interests as the custodian of his organisation 's corporate governance .
Fulham 's fury was ignited over Richards 's involvement in Peter Crouch 's transfer from Portsmouth last summer .
According to Scudamore 's email , the fact Richards became involved is not in dispute .
It states the League ordered an inquiry and found there had been no impropriety on Richards 's part .
" The inquiry concluded the chairman 's actions had not been detrimental to Fulham , and that it was not inappropriate for the chairman to assist in such matters when requested to do so by a club , " Scudamore wrote .
However , Fulham are not satisfied by the outcome of the inquiry and on 27 April delivered their petition to the companies court .
They maintain their allegation that it was Richards 's intervention that prompted Crouch to abandon his pledge to join Fulham , for £ 11 m , in favour of a switch to Spurs , for £ 2 m less .
Though he accepts he did speak with Portsmouth 's then chief executive , Peter Storrie – a personal friend – Richards denies he sought to assist Spurs over Fulham .
Scudamore said : " The claim is that Fulham have been unfairly prejudiced in their capacity as a member of the Premier League , as a result of alleged assistance provided by the chairman to Portsmouth in securing the transfer of Peter Crouch to Tottenham Hotspur in August 2009 . "
Richards maintains Portsmouth , under pressure from HM Revenue & Customs over an eight - figure debt that threatened to push them into administration , sought to receive cash up front .
Spurs ' payment to Pompey was indeed in a single lump sum of £ 9 m but it will be for the courts to test how Fulham 's offer would have been arranged .
If the courts accede to Fulham 's request for the removal of Richards it would be a seismic shift in English football .
After 11 years as Premier League chairman , Richards has built arguably the biggest powerbase in the game .
The 66 - year - old former Sheffield Wednesday chairman is also vice - chairman of the Football Association , chairman of Club England and on the FA 's international committee , an array of interests that is attracting increasing scrutiny and would prove untenable if he is toppled at the Premier League .
Last night David Laws issues the following statement to the local media in his constituency ( source ) :
The last few days have been the toughest of my life , and I would like to thank all those friends , family and local residents who have sent me messages of support .
It has been a very emotional experience to find so many people willing to stand by me at this difficult time .
My problems have been caused by my unwillingness to be open about my sexuality , and not by any intention to exploit the MPs expenses system .
James Lundie and I were aware that we could have been far better off financially if I had been willing to be open about our relationship – but I was not .
I grew up at a time when homosexuality had only just been legalised , and when most people still thought it was wrong or shameful .
I decided , therefore , to keep my sexuality secret , and the further time went on the more difficult it seemed to be to tell the truth .
When the rules changed in 2006 to prevent MPs from renting from partners , I should probably have changed our arrangements .
I could have done so without any financial cost , but getting a mortgage and buying a house together would have meant revealing our relationship – which I was not prepared to do .
James never used the parliamentary entitlement to travel for partners , and he is not covered by the parliamentary pension scheme or any financial entitlement that would result from formal recognition of “ partnership ” .
That is why I thought it would be all right for him to be treated as just a friend , when actually we were much more than that .
I have paid a high price for trying to keep my sexuality a secret .
Losing your privacy , your Cabinet job , and your perceived integrity within 48 hours is n’t very easy .
But I accept that I should have been more open , and should have set a better example as a public figure .
I will now need to take a few days to recover from the events of the last week , and I then intend to get back to my work as local MP .
There are many people with far greater problems than I have , and they are entitled to expect me to get on with the job which I am paid to do .
I love my job as local MP , and it is the greatest job and responsibility which I will ever have .
Over the weeks ahead I will want to understand whether I still have the confidence of my constituents , without which it would be difficult to continue my work .
I am , once again , grateful to the thousands of people who have written , e-mailed and phoned us with kind comments over the last few days .
" Today we must say goodbye to our beloved friend and player , Antonio " cyx " Daniloski .
Toni had a car accident on his way back from Frankfurt airport and died of the consequences .
Starting point was a missed flight from Frankfurt to Shanghai ( China ) , which our entire Counter - Strike 1.6 team was suspected to take .
Unfortunately , Antonio " [ cyx ] " Daniloski missed the flight and received another flight on Thursday morning .
On his way back from the airport , he had a car accident due to a tire failure and died of it's consequences .
Our thoughts at this difficult time for us go to Tonis family , relatives and friends .
We mourn a friend and player who was always loved by everyone in our [ mouz ] team and the whole gaming community and because of his commitment and engagement he was one of the most important and famous personalities of all time in [ mouz ] .
Our Counter - Strike 1.6 team is already on their way back to Germany and we 've canceled our presence and Intel Extreme Masters Global Challenge Shanghai . "
" This is an extremely sad day for everyone .
We from SK Gaming want to express our condolences to Tonis family , friends , relatives , his home mousesports and his fans .
Having you as a player in the e-sport scene was something special , both as a extremely skilled player and also as one of the friendliest players we have ever met . "
Finally , a fluid Hicksdesign
23 Jun 2010
I ’ve been wanting a fluid layout on this site for about 5 years .
I had a brief redesign back in 2005 where I flirted with it for a few months , but it was soon switched back to fixed as I could n’t get it right .
Last year , I discovered CSS media queries while working on the internal pages of the Opera Browser , and tried to implement it here .
It was half - assed and was removed , again after a few months .
It took Ethan Marcotte ’s excellent article for A List Apart Responsive Web Design to motivate me to do it properly , as well as know HOW to do it properly .
I do n’t think I ’ve read anything as exciting and inspirational for a long time .
So I started from scratch , working on the basic skeleton of the layout , getting the various resolution dependant layouts in place , before re-implementing the design ( making a few changes long the way of course ) .
So now , you ’ll see the layout and type size change depending on the available width .
From a narrow single column ( which should be the view you ’ll see on mobile devices ) …
To a 2 column …
to the more familiar 3 column style I ’ve had here for a while …
and finally to an x-large 4 column layout …
For now , only the journal has been re-jigged , but all the other sections will follow as soon as time allows .
It wo n’t be perfect , and I expect there to be plenty of fine - tweaking for a while yet .
Waiting until it ’s perfect before launching just means it wo n’t happen !
The next project for the site is implementing SVG icons …
Why do dogs wag their tails ?
The quick answer is that a dog wags its tail for a reason which seems self - evident enough , being that it ’s the tell - tale mark of a friendly dog .
Indeed , anyone who ’s stood near the pounding tail of a prototypical friendly breed , such as a Labrador Retriever , can take a veritable shellacking from the whack of its wiggle .
But if friendliness were an altogether accurate interpretation , why is it that so many people are bitten by a dog that ’s wagging its tail , often very enthusiastically ?
For this and other reasons , behavioral science has called into question the popular wisdom that dogs wag their tails out of friendliness .
The definition that behavioral science prefers ( and which an energy model finds wanting ) is that a dog is wagging its tail as a submissive overture to a superior member of its pack .
For example , if one observes an inferior wolf approaching a superior one , tail - wagging is a pronounced feature of his body language .
But this is n’t wholly satisfying either because when adult wolves regurgitate food to their cubs , the cubs ’ tails are wagging and so are the adults ’ .
Are the adults being submissive to the cubs and the cubs to the adults all at the same time ?
That seems like a confusing scrambling of signals and it ’s my experience that the nature of behavior is never that ambiguous .
The recurring theme of this blog will be to make the point that submission and dominance , while expedient , convenient , and seemingly reasonable means of making sense of canine behavior , ca n’t really accommodate the data .
For if a dog is showing submission to a human out of respect , why then would he bite such a person ?
Such paradoxes plainly call into question the traditional scientific interpretation .
A thinker on dogs who I respect quite a bit , ( although once again lacks a model for what ’s going on inside the dog ’s mind ) , is Desmond Morris .
For our current purposes I call on his book Dogwatching wherein he writes at length on the phenomenon of tail - wagging .
He states : “ The only emotional condition that all tail - waggers share is a state of conflict .
This is true of almost all back - and - forth movements in animal communication .
When an animal is in conflict it feels pulled in two different directions at the same time .
It wants to advance and retreat simultaneously .
Since each urge cancels the other out , the animal stays where it is , but in a state of conflict .
Essentially the animal wants to stay and wants to go away .
The urge to go away is simple–it is caused by fear .
The urge to stay is more complex . ”
I agree that tail wagging indicates a state of conflict , there is an inherent momentum pulling / pushing the dog forward , but something is causing it to hold back as well .
A state of attraction in conflict with fear : this is why dogs wag their tails .
It also needs further elaboration , for example , if we consider a dog who we can be sure is never going to bite anyone but who nonetheless is wagging his tail , what possible fear might there be for this dog in a situation where it ’s only about to be petted , or fed , or any other number of pleasurable experiences ?
The full answer to that question will be covered in an upcoming article entitled , “ The Nature Of Fear ” .
However , Desmond Morris ’ assertion that the the urge to go away from the person or dog because of fear , is simple , is mistaken .
Fear is a little more complex than he has presumed .
But putting that dynamic aside for the moment , for now I would simply like to elaborate on Desmond Morris ’ insight by going a step deeper into the phenomenon of the friendly dog wagging his tail .
Tail wagging is indeed a state of conflict .
But the conflict is arising from the following condition : it is the state of the body vibrating with more energy than the body at that moment is able to conduct given whatever action is currently available to it .
In other words , there is more energy trying to go through the pipe , the dog ’s body , then the pipe can accomodate .
Wagging the tail is the body ’s physiological response for dissipating the excess energy .
And while it would feel better to the dog if its body could process the energy in a straightforward active range of behaviors , for example by making hearty physical contact , but for a number of reasons which we ’ll discuss when we consider the nature of fear , it can ’t .
Hence the state of conflict with the tail going a mile - a- minute beating out the energy just like the utility meter spinning at high speed on the side of a house .
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Google
Pocket
Email
Print
The Fatwa
A frail old man , wearing a black turban and ankle - length robes , stepped out of an Air France 747 into a chill February morning .
His back hunched , he clutched the arm of a steward as he took faltering steps down a portable ramp to touch Iranian soil .
After 15 years in exile , Ruhollah Khomeini had come home , the 78 - year - old spiritual leader of a popular revolution that had toppled the shah of Iran and humbled SAVAK , his American - backed secret police force .
Several million people from all across the country thronged into the capital to welcome the ayatollah , lining the 20 - mile route out to Behesht - Zahra cemetery , where many of the martyrs of the revolution were buried .
" The holy one has come ! " they shouted triumphantly .
" He is the light of our lives ! "
At the cemetery Khomeini prayed and delivered a 30 - minute funeral oration for the dead .
Then a boys ’ chorus sang , " May every drop of their blood turn to tulips and grow forever .
Arise !
Arise !
Arise ! "
In the decade between Khomeini ’s return to Tehran and the imposition of his fatwa on Salman Rushdie ’s novel The Satanic Verses — and it was almost 10 years to the day that the one followed the other —
Islamism mutated from being a minor irritant to nationalist regimes in Muslim countries into a major threat to the West .
The Rushdie affair , and the fatwa in particular , seemed like a warning that the seeds of the Iranian revolution were being successfully scattered across the globe , not least into the heart of the secular West .
And yet the fatwa was an expression as much of the failure of radical Islam as of its success .
In 1989 , the radicals in Tehran were on the defensive .
Iran had been forced , the previous year , to abandon a bitter and bloody eight - year war against Iraq that cost the lives of up to a million Iranians .
Khomeini was facing increased domestic opposition from reformers such as the speaker of the parliament , Ali Hashemi Rafsanjani , who had condemned the " shortsightedness " of Iranian foreign policy for " making enemies without reason " and was pushing for improved relations with the West .
The fatwa was an attempt by the radicals to regain the initiative .
And it set a template for what was to happen over the next two decades : the political failure of radical Islam matched by an increasing turn toward violence and terrorism — and matched , too , by exaggerated fears in the West about the threat it was facing .
Through the 1990s , Islamist parties grew in influence in Turkey , Palestine , and elsewhere , shaking the very foundations of secular government .
In Algeria a vicious and bloody civil war broke out in 1991 between the Groupe Islamique Armé and the secular military government , a war that spilled over into acts of terror in France .
The Taliban imposed its medieval rule on Afghanistan .
The creation of Hamas in Palestine and Hezbollah in Lebanon posed a mortal threat not just to Israel but also to secular organizations such as the PLO .
Radical groups like Hizb ut - Tahrir gained a foothold within Muslim communities in Western Europe .
And terror worked itself into the political landscape , from suicide bombings in Palestine and Lebanon , to bombings on the Paris Métro , the attack on American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , and eventually the horror of 9/11 .
While all this was happening , the Berlin Wall collapsed , and with it the vision of global socialism .
Many young Muslims who had previously been attached to left - wing radical movements were now left politically homeless and searching for new ideological shelter .
The collapse of the Soviet Union had also opened the way for the umma physically to extend its reach beyond the old Iron Curtain to embrace the new Muslim states of Central Asia , the Caucasus , and the Balkans .
Many analysts expected Islamists to sweep to power across the world .
The former U.S. ambassador to Algeria , Christopher Ross , who in the wake of 9/11 would become a " special coordinator for public diplomacy and public affairs , " declared in 1993 that the Middle and Near East were " fated to witness a wave of Islamist revolutions , successful or failed , over the next decade . "
A decade later , a CIA report predicted that Islamists would " come to power in states that are beginning to become pluralist and in which entrenched secular elites have lost their appeal . "
It never happened .
There was no second Iranian revolution .
In places like Egypt , Jordan , and Malaysia , where the Islamists once held high hopes of repeating Khomeini ’s success , their influence has been curtailed , admittedly often through brutal repression .
Outside of the rare cases where social convulsions shaped the political landscape for a short period , such as in Algeria in 1991 , when elections took place on the eve of civil war , and with the single exception of Hamas in Gaza in 2006 ( and the disputed Iranian elections of 2009 ) , no Islamist party has ever won more than 20 percent of the popular vote .
Parties that have broken through the 20 percent barrier ( in Algeria , Tunisia , and Turkey , for instance ) have done so largely by shedding their Islamist trappings , renouncing their dreams of a caliphate , and becoming ordinary political parties with Muslim leanings — and in the process often becoming better democrats than the secularists they toppled .
We are left , then , with a paradox .
On the one hand , Western societies have become increasingly fearful of Islamic terror , and politicians and commentators often talk as if the West is under siege from radical Islam .
From the Rushdie affair to the electoral success of Hamas in Gaza , from the worldwide protests over the Danish cartoons to the increasing calls for the introduction of sharia law not just in Muslim countries but in secular Western nations too , Muslims seem increasingly drawn to radical arguments .
On the other hand , not only has Tehran failed to export its revolution , but Islamist parties have mostly failed to win mass support .
" For all its political successes in the 1970s and 1980s , " Gilles Kepel writes in Jihad : The Trail of Political Islam , " by the end of the twentieth century the Islamist movement had signally failed to retain political power in the Muslim world , in spite of the hopes of supporters and the forebodings of enemies . "
How can we explain this paradox ?
Terror is an expression of the impotence of Islamism ; unable to win for themselves a mass following , jihadists have become impresarios of death , forced into spectacular displays of violence to gain the attention they cannot win through political means .
Nothing reveals the moral squalor of radical Islam better than its celebration of the suicide bomber .
Traditional political and military movements nurtured as their greatest asset the people who supported them .
For jihadists , people are like firecrackers to be lit and tossed away .
And yet this weakness has been transformed into strength by the political uncertainty and self - doubt that has seeped into Western societies .
The key question , as Bill Durodie , senior fellow in Human Security at Singapore ’s S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies , writes in a 2007 essay , is not " what it is that attracts a minority from a variety of backgrounds , including some who are relatively privileged , to fringe Islamist organizations , but what it is about our own societies and culture that fails to provide aspirational , educated , and energetic young individuals with a clear sense of purpose . "
The initial campaign against The Satanic Verses had minimal impact and drew little support from Muslim communities beyond Britain and the Indian subcontinent .
It was Ayatollah Khomeini ’s fatwa that drew global headlines .
But the fatwa itself was a sign of weakness rather than of strength , an attempt by Khomeini to distract attention from defeat in the war with Iraq and the erosion of political support at home .
In the West , it was not theological distress about blasphemy but political despair about belongingness and identity that stoked up anti-Rushdie sentiment .
One of the myths of the Rushdie affair is that the anti-Rushdie campaigners were all male , middle aged , poorly - educated , badly integrated , and devout to the point of blindness .
Many were indeed like that .
But many , equally , were young , left - wing , articulate , educated , and integrated .
Few of these were religious , let alone fundamentalist .
They were more familiar with the pub than with the mosque , had probably read Midnight ’s Children with more interest than they had the Quran , and were more likely to be clutching a packet of Durex than the Holy Book .
Many had , like me , been involved in anti-racist campaigning in the 1980s .
Many , indeed , had been my friends .
And for many , Salman Rushdie had been a hero :
In the early 1980s Rushdie was better known for his anti-racist rhetoric than for his incendiary assaults on Islam .
So why were people like this drawn to the anti-Rushdie campaign ?
Partly because of anger at the level of racism they faced .
Partly because of disenchantment with the left with which many were involved .
And partly because of the growth of multiculturalism as an official political policy .
Multicultural policies suggested the inability , even unwillingness , of British politicians and institutions to reach out to young Asians as citizens rather than as members of a " community of communities . "
It suggested , too , the abandonment by many politicians of basic liberal notions of equality , individual rights , and freedom of expression .
The reluctance of politicians to speak to their resentments , the aversion of many to a language of common citizenship , and the willingness to appease Islamist sentiments in the name of multiculturalism , inevitably pushed many young Muslims toward an Islamist identity , even if there was little within that identity to pull them in .
What is true of the response to the fatwa is equally true of the response to the jihad .
On 9/11 , the hijacked planes tore into the fabric , not simply of the World Trade Center and of the Pentagon , but also of Western self - assurance .
" If a flight full of commuters can be turned into a missile of war , " observed the New York Times , " then everything is dangerous . "
This erosion of self - belief , as much as the reality of the threat facing the West , has created a culture of fear , connecting the burning of Rushdie ’s book to the burning towers in Manhattan .
Islam , as Olivier Roy has written , " is not the cause of the crisis " in the West ; it is rather " a mirror in which the West projects its own identity crisis . "
An assertive , self - confident society that possessed moral clarity about its beliefs would have little trouble dealing with the claims of fundamentalists , and indeed with the acts of terrorists .
The insecurities of Western societies about the worth of basic liberal values and the emergence of fear as a dominant sentiment , have , however , made Islamists appear more potent than they are .
" Vulnerability is never the best proof of strength , " as the Muslim philosopher , and spokesman for the anti-Rushdie campaigners , Shabbir Akhtar put in his book Be Careful with Muhammad , mocking the doubts of Western liberals .
From fatwa to jihad , Western politicians and intellectuals have not only exaggerated the threat facing their societies but have also lacked the moral and political resources to respond to it .
That is the real lesson of the past two decades .
What Do You Think of the NAACP 's Condemning Tea Party Elements as ' Racist ' ?
" World News " wants to know what you think :
Share your comments below .
July 13 , 2010  --
The NAACP is expected to approve a resolution today condemning the Tea Party for " racist elements that are a threat to democracy . "
The proposed resolution , which is expected to pass today at the organization 's annual convention in Kansas City , Mo. , cites cases of what it calls " explicitly racist behavior , " including " signs and posters intended to degrade people of color generally and President Barack Obama specifically . "
NAACP spokeswoman Leila McDowell told ABC
News , " We 're deeply concerned about elements that are trying to move the country back , trying to reverse the progress that we 've made , " and asked that " law - abiding members of the Tea Party repudiate those racist elements , that they recognize the historic and present racist elements that are within the Tea Party movement . "
Tea Party leaders call these charges misguided and politically motivated .
The Rev. C.L. Bryant , a leading Tea Party activist and former NAACP chapter president , called the claim of racism " simply a lie . "
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People wants to " create a climate where they can say that those on the right are in fact racist and those on the left are their saviors , " Bryant said .
" This is very much what the liberal agenda is all about . "
Our question to you today :
What do you think of the NAACP 's condemning " racist elements " in the Tea Party movement ?
ABC News ' Huma Khan and the Associated Press contributed to this report .
Click here to return to the the " World News " page .
I 've learned nothing during the three minutes that I spent watching this video except that someone 's order just plain refused to be a good little box and leave Amazon 's warehouse .
I 'd just really love to know what 's inside .
Advertisement
Any guesses ?
I 'm thinking it 's a gigantic slinky .
The original video was removed from YouTube , but here 's a lower quality one .
Here ’s Mort Zuckerman at US News & World Report saying that only Israel can defend its borders ( wherever they are ) and therefore we can’t have a two - state solution , and for security reasons the Palestinians must exist in political paralysis forever .
This is straight - up Israel lobby stuff ( Kosovo and Tajikistan and Pakistan get a state , never the Palestinians ) but what ’s bizarre is Zuckerman ’s casual derision for American military efforts in the region even as he applauds Israel ’s efforts .
He says that in Lebanon , 1982 , " a few hundred French and American service members " were killed in a failed U.N. effort .
True , but weirdly cold ; is there any acknowledgment of the importance of that event ?
241 Americans died ; Wikipedia says , " The attack remains the deadliest single attack on Americans overseas since World War II . "
Also , notice Zuckerman ’s casual reference to the " failure " of NATO troops in Afghanistan .
I agree , it ’s a failure .
But the Israeli occupation is a roaring success ?
Zuckerman :
What would Republicans do for the economy ?
An interview with Rep. Paul Ryan .
Paul Ryan is the ranking Republican on the House Budget Committee , and one of the party 's most influential voices on the economy .
And with Republicans likely to pick up a lot of seats -- and maybe even the House -- in the upcoming election , he 's soon to be one of the nation 's most influential voices on economic policy .
So I called him to ask what , exactly , he 'd like to see done .
This transcript is edited for length and clarity .
For the Democratic perspective , see the interview I did last week with Sen. Kent Conrad .
Ezra Klein :
It ’s clear now that there ’ll be no more deficit - financed stimulus coming out of Congress .
And Republicans , of course , could well take the House in the next election .
So with unemployment still near 10 percent , what does the GOP want to do ?
If stimulus is n’t the solution , what is ?
Paul Ryan : I know uncertainty is a new economic buzzword , but for good reason :
If we can reduce it , we ’ll unlock capital .
I ’d revisit some of the major issues over the last year .
Health care , energy , taxes , financial regulation .
I ’m not saying these are n’t important issues .
We need to reform the health - care system .
But these are the wrong solutions .
I would advance different solutions with an eye toward international competitiveness and encouraging saving and investing and encouraging certainty .
Then there ’s our borrowing .
If you look at the deficit , the problem is spending , not taxes .
Revenues will come back up .
At the end of the day , I ’m not a Keynesian , but even Keynesians would agree that raising taxes in this economy is a bad idea .
So if it ’s helpful for me to concede to that section of Keynesian doctrine , fine .
Let ’s do that .
I really do believe that locking in budget reforms and spending control will help us in the short run by taking pressure off interest rates and monetary policy .
Spending control is pro-growth in this age of sovereign debt crises .
But even putting aside the question of whether these are good or bad policies , starting over would take a long time .
Repeal would be difficult .
Passing something new would be difficult .
Congress , as you know better than me , is a slow beast .
So does n’t that leave a lot of uncertainty in the interim ?
And what about the short term ?
What can be done now ?
I understand that .
But an announced policy shift is a quick thing that would change expectations .
If you had regulatory forbearance in the credit markets , that would be a quick thing .
If the Obama guys said there ’ll be no tax increases for two years , it would make a big difference fast .
Look at the original [ Christina ] Romer -[ David ] Romer paper .
She ’d agree this is not the time to raise taxes .
I think a mistake Keynesians are making is they think this is demand - side and consumption - led .
I think we need to focus on investment and jobs .
There ’s lots of money sitting on the sidelines .
Romer herself , however , thinks this is a problem of aggregate demand .
The National Federation of Independent Business ’s surveys have shown the main concern of their member businesses is that they ’re not going to have customers for their products .
So do Republicans have any demand - side solutions , even if they ’re just tax cuts ?
Is there talk of a payroll tax holiday , or anything similar ?
There are some who do .
Where I come from , I think certainty and long - term solutions are better .
Temporary stuff does n’t work .
These short - term stimulative things like rebates do n’t work .
They ’ll pump up some money in the quarter where they occur .
You go right back where you were .
These short - term stimuli , which Bush and Obama did , do n’t change aggregate demand .
And that ’s why I think we need more of an investment - led recovery .
At this point , given the borrowing costs , stimulus is counterproductive .
But we do also have short - term problems .
So let ’s say that in a stunning performance , Republicans capture the House , the Senate and the presidency in 2010 .
The election is such a staggering repudiation of Democratic policies that Barack Obama and Joe Biden both resign .
What ’s the first move ?
The move is get spending under control , actually pass a budget , prevent tax increases from hitting the economy , and set the conditions for growth in all these sectors .
And I really do believe FinReg was a mistake .
I think it ’ll end up restricting credit .
That ’s bad .
We need credit .
Then let ’s talk about taxes .
Republicans want an extension of the Bush tax cuts .
And many do n’t want to pay for it .
But they also say our borrowing is a major problem .
I know you ’ve got your spending roadmap , but if you need to , how do you decide between those priorities ?
I would n’t say that every tax cut pays for itself .
It depends on the tax .
I would say that you cannot reduce the deficit with a sinking economy .
The better way , in my mind , is to grow the economy as quickly as possible and control and slow spending .
So keep taxes low , maximize growth and cut spending .
I just do n’t see government spending as a key to growth .
The budget I wrote last year cut $ 4.8 trillion of spending out of the baseline , so I cut spending by more than the tax cuts cost .
So I ’ve put my money where my mouth is .
But you aside , it does n’t look like that ’ll be the choice .
So what if you have to choose between more tax cuts and lowering the debt ?
You said we had the White House and Congress !
If we get that , I ’m cutting spending and keeping taxes low .
I ’ll predict now that even if you get that , we ’re not going to see Ryan - esque spending cuts coming from the Republican Party .
You ’ll see a big fight .
That ’s for sure .
Do you worry that even if you got your spending cuts , the American economy will suffer ?
A report released by the National League of Cities , the National Association of Counties and United States Conference of Mayors said they ’ll have to lay off 500,000 people in the next few years if they do n’t get some fiscal relief .
That ’s 500,000 people on the unemployment rolls .
I ’ve always believed we need automatic stabilizers .
We need a safety net .
But I think it ’s becoming equally important to show we ’re not going to borrow endlessly .
I also think it ’s a bad idea to bail out states from making the necessary decisions they need to make to increase and fix their structural deficit problems .
All you ’re doing then is putting their liabilities on the federal books .
And I assume those jobs are mostly public sector jobs .
If you focus on those , that money comes from the private sector .
The money is n’t free .
It ’s being taken out of the private economy and pumped through the private sector .
The right path is to keep the money in the private sector and so they have money to invest .
We should focus on growth in the private sector , not growth in the public sector .
But part of the problem right now is that even when you put that money in private coffers , they ’re not spending it .
They ’ve got a lot of capital on hand now , but they ’re sitting on it .
What gives you confidence that your path will work , when pretty good profits and stock prices right now are n’t working ?
We need to do things to free up credit .
We need regulatory forbearance there .
Right now , the policymakers and regulators are doing opposite things .
So you ’re right that there ’s a lot of capital parked out there , and we need to coax it out into the markets .
I think literally that if we raised the federal funds rate by a point , it would help push money into the economy , as right now , the safest play is to stay with the federal money and federal paper .
And a lot of this is psychological .
The people who have capital are sitting on their hands : I just talked to a guy who builds nurseries and canceled three construction projects next year because he just does n’t know what ’s happening .
People are just too nervous , they do n’t know what the economy will be , what the regulations will be , what the taxes will be , and to the extent you can increase certainty , you can unlock some of that credit .
To wrap this up , let me try and say this back to you so I ’m sure I have it right :
Your economic approach would be to repeal and replace the big legislation we ’ve passed in the last year , make a long - term commitment to keep taxes low and cut federal spending , get regulators to ease up on the credit market , and generally focus on pulling the government back , as you believe that ’ll leave space for private businesses to step forward .
That ’s right , but let me clarify one thing :
You said repeal and replace .
You can say I ’m offering more uncertainty by redoing these laws .
I ’m saying it ’s the quality of these laws that ’s the problem .
Better solutions could ’ve been passed .
On FinReg , I ’d do the Luigi Zingales stuff .
On health care , you know what I ’d do .
But to just push you on this one more time , even under the best circumstances , that will take a long time .
What Congress produces wo n’t be what ’s in your white papers .
So best - case scenario : Replacing them takes awhile , and there ’s going to be natural uncertainty as banks , for instance , now have to wait to see what the new rules will be on them .
And so what do you do in the interim to unlock this capital ?
If Nancy Pelosi came to me and said I ’ve been wrong , you ’re right , what do you want to do immediately , we could put caps on spending , maybe make a good dent on future spending through the [ fiscal ] commission , and extend the tax cuts two years .
That , in and of itself , would really help the economy .
Update :
There 's been some criticism of Ryan 's suggestion that we should increase the federal funds rate to push capital out into the private sector , so I asked Ryan if he'd like to expand on the point .
Here 's his reply :
“ Of course I do not think increasing the federal funds rate is what one does to spur immediate economic growth .
But I do think we need to understand that the extremely accommodative monetary policy we have had for the past two years is not risk free .
Observers like Kansas City Fed President Tom Hoening have made the case for a modest increase in the federal funds rate to send signals of monetary credibility , get back to normalcy and ward off speculative behavior ( i.e. , the next bubble ) .
( More from Hoening [ pdf ] ) .
Also – I ’m not convinced – but intrigued – with the debate over the carry trade that is going on right now .
What I mean by that is banks can borrow at essentially no cost from the Fed , plow the money back into no-risk Treasury securities , and earn that modest spread .
This dynamic , while obviously helping banks recapitalize , could be curbing capital deployment in the private sector .
I 'm intrigued – but not convinced – by this argument .
I appreciate the opportunity to fully explain my point . ”
Photo credit : By Joshua Roberts / Bloomberg
Veterans suffering from post - traumatic stress will more easily obtain benefits under a new policy being rolled out by the Obama administration .
The new policy to be implemented next week relaxes the standards for documentation that veterans must show to prove they are suffering from post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) .
The changes are intended to make it easier for veterans to receive benefits from the Department of Veterans Affairs , senior officials from the agency said .
Veterans Affairs offices across the country are dealing with thousands of new veterans from nearly a decade of wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Constant fear of unexpected attack and concern for survival are among the “ stressors ” for veterans suffering from PTSD , according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual and recent research studies published by the National Academies on deployment related stress .
The new policy is meant to address the complex nature of war experiences and impacts .
Veterans will only need to provide documents from a Veterans Affairs psychiatrist or psychologist that details how their symptoms of post - traumatic stress are related to the circumstances of their service .
Corroborating evidence , specifically fact - finding and research to support the claim , will no longer be necessary , the officials said .
The policy will be implemented next week , according to the officials , who spoke to reporters on Friday .
Studies have shown PTSD patients can benefit significantly from immediate treatment , so the changes are expected to particularly benefit recent war veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan .
Patients are now burdened with a lengthy claim and verification process , something complicated by the approximately 23 million war veterans in the country , including 3.1 million who are on disability compensation .
The Veterans Affairs officials said the change is not expected to increase the number of positive results coming out of veterans ’ compensation claims , but instead is anticipated to streamline the clunky process by improving how veterans can claim benefits .
They said they did not expect it to increase the cost of benefits .
A new balance for the global carbon balance
Researchers determine how rates of photosynthesis and ecosystem respiration depend on the climate in order to obtain a better assessment of the consequences of climate change .
Climate predictions could become more accurate and more reliable in the future - thanks to new findings on the role of terrestrial ecosystems in the global carbon cycle .
International teams of researchers headed by the Max Planck Institute for Biogeochemistry in Jena now present comprehensive data analyses in two related studies .
The analyses also lead to more precise estimates of how the ecosystems could react to climate change .
In most ecosystems , the photosynthesis rate at which plants fix carbon dioxide from the atmosphere changes relatively little as temperature varies .
Over 40 percent of the Earth ’s vegetated surface reacts very sensitively to changes in the amount of precipitation , however .
The respiration of the ecosystems , when flora and fauna release carbon dioxide , also increases to a lesser extent than has recently often been assumed when the temperature rises .
Moreover , this temperature dependence is the same all over the world - even in ecosystems as different as the tropical savannah and the Finnish needleleaf forest , for example .
( Science Express , July 5 , 2010 )
Countless measurement stations ( red ) around the globe record the exchange of carbon dioxide and water in different ecosystems .
© Ulrich Weber , MPI for Biogeochemistry Countless measurement stations ( red ) around the globe record the exchange of carbon dioxide and water in different ecosystems .
© Ulrich Weber , MPI for Biogeochemistry
The climate is quite temperamental : countless factors are involved and many feedback mechanisms enhance effects such as the anthropogenic greenhouse effect .
This makes it difficult to make predictions , especially as many processes in the Earth system are still not completely understood .
More light is now being shed on the part played by terrestrial ecosystems in the global carbon cycle .
This applies to the role of photosynthesis , whereby plants fix carbon dioxide , as well as the process of respiration , during which plants release carbon dioxide once again .
The scientists are thus making an important contribution to understanding how the global carbon cycle reacts to global warming and climate change .
" Our results suggest that the availability of water , in particular , plays a decisive role for the carbon cycle in ecosystems .
It is often more important than temperature , " says Markus Reichstein , a scientist at the Max Planck Institute for Biogeochemistry who has investigated these issues together with his colleagues and two international teams .
In one of the current studies , the researchers involved in the Fluxnet initiative measured how the respiration of ecosystems reacts to short - term variations in temperature at 60 stations spread across the globe .
They found that the rate at which plants and microorganisms convert sugar into carbon dioxide does not even double when the temperature increases by ten degrees from one week to the next , for example .
" With the aid of suitable models it is then possible to calculate how climate change could affect the respiration of the ecosystems and the global carbon cycle , " says Markus Reichstein .
Some earlier investigations at the ecosystem level resulted in threefold to fourfold accelerations , which would enhance the greenhouse effect .
It was not possible to reconcile these data with global models and atmospheric measurements of carbon dioxide concentrations and their seasonal variations , however .
" We can now settle obvious contradictions between experimental and theoretical studies , " says Miguel Mahecha , who played a crucial role in coordinating and evaluating the new measurements on ecosystem respiration .
His colleague Markus Reichstein adds : " Particularly alarmist scenarios for the feedback between global warming and ecosystem respiration thus prove to be unrealistic . "
These measurements also contradict a further assumption which earlier investigations seemed to suggest : that the respiration of the ecosystems in the tropics and temperate latitudes is influenced to a lesser degree by temperature than at higher latitudes .
As the Jena scientists have now discovered , the respiration of very different ecosystems intensifies to the same extent when it becomes hotter .
The factor which determines the acceleration of the respiration thus obviously does not depend on the local temperature conditions and the specific characteristics of an ecosystem .
" We were very surprised that different ecosystems react relatively uniformly to temperature variations , " says Miguel Mahecha .
" After all , for example , we analysed savannahs , tropical rain forests , and also central European broadleaf and needleleaf forests and agricultural ecosystems . "
Anemometers measure the wind speed ten times per second over leaf canopies and grasslands .
With the movement of the air , gases such as carbon dioxide are exchanged between ecosystems and the atmosphere .
© MPI for Biogeochemistry Anemometers measure the wind speed ten times per second over leaf canopies and grasslands .
With the movement of the air , gases such as carbon dioxide are exchanged between ecosystems and the atmosphere .
© MPI for Biogeochemistry
Climate researchers must now examine how the new findings affect the predictions for the carbon dioxide balance and climate change .
" It is still not possible to predict whether this attenuates the positive feedback between carbon dioxide concentration and temperature , " says Markus Reichstein .
" The study shows very clearly that we do not yet have a good understanding of the global biogeochemichal cycles and their importance for long - term developments . "
The researchers want to change this with their investigation of the rate of photosynthesis .
According to this , the terrestrial ecosystems store 450 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide annually .
" Although a similar value had been assumed before , it was only an hypothetical estimate , " says Christian Beer , who was in charge of the study .
Sixty percent of the carbon dioxide which plants globally take up from the atmosphere is swallowed up by the tropical rain forests and savannahs .
The savannahs owe their comparatively important role to the huge area which they cover .
The rain forests , in contrast , take up particularly large amounts of carbon dioxide over relatively small areas in order to produce biomass .
The global analysis has also enabled the researchers to establish that the amount of carbon dioxide which is fixed by photosynthesis in leaves is influenced by different climatic factors in different vegetation zones .
Sometimes the temperature plays a more important role , sometimes the intensity of the solar radiation , and sometimes the amount of water which the plants can take up from the ground .
From a global point of view , however , water is the factor which has the strongest effect : over 40 percent of Earth ’s vegetated surface plants photosynthesize more when the supply of water increases , and less during droughts .
In temperate grasslands and shrublands , the amount of carbon dioxide which plants fix as sugar depends to 69 percent on their water supply , in the tropical rain forest this figure is only 29 percent .
The researchers call the amount of carbon dioxide which ecosystems annually take up primary production .
" We were surprised to find that the primary production in the tropics is not so strongly dependent on the amount of rain , " says Markus Reichstein .
" Here , too , we need to therefore critically scrutinize the forecasts of some climate models which predict the Amazon will die as the world gets drier . "
The data forming the basis of the two reports now published originate from an international network of over 250 measuring stations which undertake long - term observations in different ecosystems across the world .
Teams of researchers have high measurement towers above grasslands or forests to record the water and carbon dioxide concentrations in the air and the wind turbulences all over the world .
This enables them to calculate how much carbon dioxide is taken up and released by a certain ecosystem .
They relate these values to the local climate and divide the Earth ’s surface into quadrants measuring 50 by 50 kilometres .
The researchers derive the global primary production by using satellite data to extrapolate the photosynthesis rates of the individual ecosystems .
The satellites measure how much light energy the vegetated surface of the Earth absorbs on a global basis .
Until now , climate researchers have extrapolated the interplay of climate and photosynthesis or ecosystem respiration on the basis of hypotheses .
The new Fluxnet initiative , which Markus Reichstein and colleagues from Italy and North America initiated , brings together the results of the global measurements for the first time .
" We are gaining new insights into Earth ’s climate system because various research groups are prepared to disclose their data , " says Reichstein .
" The current studies , in particular , prove the added value of long - term observations of the Earth system for research .
They help to reduce the uncertainty of current climate predictions and exclude some model predictions . "
More than 175 years after the Tolpuddle Martyrs were transported to Australia , a bitter dispute over workers ' rights has broken out at the courtroom where the six men were sentenced .
A group of blue badge guides is refusing to show visitors around the old crown court in Dorchester because of a row over their pay .
Some of them are furious that their action is being undermined by a colleague who has vowed to continue to show people around the courtroom where Judge John Williams dealt so harshly with the Tolpuddle trade unionists .
One of the guides refusing to work , Alistair Chisholm , said : " We are not a radical bunch .
We are loth to take direct action , but what they are offering is well below the value for that which we offer . "
Chisholm said he was angry that another guide , Christine McGee , was prepared to go on working .
" The story of the Tolpuddle Martyrs is all about solidarity and sticking together to get a fair day 's pay for a fair day 's work , " he said .
" We have pointed out to Christine that she is undermining our protest . "
Another guide , Derek Pride , a 69 - year - old retired civil servant , said he was disappointed not to be showing people around the courtroom this summer .
" I enjoy doing it , " he said .
" But it is a point of principle over the money . "
McGee , however , said she was happy to continue to show people around the court .
She said : " I find this extremely boring .
It is up to the other guides to decide what they want to do .
We are all individuals . "
A spokesman for West Dorset district council , which allows free access to the courtroom , said it had already boosted the guides ' pay this year .
The spokesman said : " The guides work in two - hour sessions on summer afternoons .
Last year , they were paid £ 26.65 plus travelling expenses for this and conducted three tours of the building .
At the request of some of the guides , we have increased this fee to £ 30 for this summer and reduced the number of tours required to two . "
The tours of the court will take place from 2 August to 31 August , Monday to Friday .
The spokesman said the court would usually be opened " a bit longer than this " .
In which a working stiff experiences raw sirloin bursting through his skin to the sounds of Beck ’s disembodied moans and pleasantly dusky vocals , overtop Tobacco ’s “ Terrible Lie ” reminiscent synth - wonk spunk .
The album ’s called Maniac Meat , which might explain at least one visual herein .
Allen Cordell directs .
It ’s the second track ( after “ Fresh Hex “ ) we ’ve heard featuring Tobacco and Beck together ; the world knows only these two , though that clearly should change .
Here ’s the other in Tobacco ’s Beck set :
Tobacco – “ Fresh Hex ” ( Featuring Beck )
Maniac
Meat is out via anticon .
EPA Slaps Monsanto with Record Fine Million Dollar Settlement the Largest in Series of Penalties
Hey Monsanto , it 's time to pay the piper ... again .
In the largest fine ever levied under a U.S. pesticides law , Monsanto agreed to pay the Environmental Protection Agency $ 2.5 million .
The agricultural giant was found to have been selling genetically modified cotton seeds without labeling them as such .
Between 2002 and 2007 , Monsanto's seeds were illegally sold in several Texas counties where the seeds are explicitly banned .
The seeds — known as Bollgard and Bollgard II — were genetically engineered to produce the insecticide Bacillus thuringiensis ( Bt ) , and Texas officials were concerned that using the seeds would lead to pest resistance .
But that did n't stop Monsanto from bamboozling buyers into purchasing the illegal seeds .
“ As a result of this matter , we have implemented new internal review processes to prevent such errors in the future , ” said Rob Nixon , Monsanto ’s Stewardship Lead .
I find Mr. Nixon 's statements to ring hollow .
While this is the biggest fine Monsanto has received under the Federal Insecticide , Fungicide and Rodenticide Act , it is far from their first major legal infraction .
Here 's a quick look at a few of Monsanto 's other “ errors ” :
Monsanto's biggest individual fine to date was a $ 100 million settlement to the family of Wilbur Jack Skeen in 1986 .
The company was found to be negligent in exposing Mr. Skeen , a worker in the companies Texas plant , to benzene .
The exposure eventually led to his death from leukemia .
Monsanto was one of the companies named in a $ 180 million suit for Vietnam War vets exposed to “ Agent Orange ” .
Monsanto manufactured the herbicide from 1965 to 1969 .
The settlement did not include the 400,000 disabilities and deaths that the population of Vietnam suffered from the toxic herbicide .
In 1995 , Monsanto was forced to pay a Texas Waste Management company $ 41.1 million for hazardous waste concerns .
In 1996 , New York 's Attorney General hit them with a $ 50,000 fine for false advertising of their flagship pesticide Roundup .
Claims in question included “ Remember that environmentally friendly Roundup herbicide is biodegradable .
It wo n't build up in the soil so you can use Roundup with confidence along customers ' driveways , sidewalks and fences ... ” That 's a tough claim to swallow when you consider the EPA warning required on Roundup 's packaging :
Do not allow the herbicide solution to mist , drip , drift , or splash onto desirable vegetation since minute quantities of this herbicide can cause severe damage or destruction to the crop , plants , or other areas on which treatment was not intended .
As recently as 2005 , the Justice Department ordered Monsanto to pay a $ 1.5 million fine for bribing Indonesian officials in order to get their Bollgard cotton seeds approved without having to prove their environmental safety .
So , while its nice lip service when the EPA holds the company accountable for their recent indiscretions , the company 's sordid past goes to show that a fine of $ 2.5 million is toothless .
If it were up to you , what kind of fine would you give Monsanto ?
Feel free to leave your suggestions in the comments section .
Be Well ,
Jimmy Mengel
A beautiful , simple way to convert almost any video to MP4 , WebM ( vp8 ) , Ogg Theora , or for Android , iPhone , and iPad .
Batch conversion , custom sizing , and more !
Put video on your phone or iPod !
Miro Video Converter has presets that will convert video to the correct sizes and formats for popular phones , iPods , and other media players .
Just convert your video and copy it to your device .
Supported Devices
As someone who strives – sanctimoniously – to be right , I 'm a masochistic fan of research showing that people who are wrong have better lives than I do .
This is why I particularly enjoyed a study from Psychological Science showing that being superstitious improves performance in a whole string of different tasks .
Now , I 'm always a bit conflicted about this kind of psychology research .
On my left shoulder is an angel who points out it 's risky to extrapolate from laboratory conditions to the real world ; that publication bias in this field ( the phenomenon where uninteresting findings get left in a desk drawer unpublished forever ) is probably considerable ; and that it 's uncommon to see a genuinely systematic review of the literature on these kinds of topics , bringing together all the conflicting research in one place .
I am not Malcolm Gladwell , if that helps to frame the issue more clearly , and I think his books are a bit silly and overstated .
On my right shoulder is a devil who thinks this stuff is all really cool and fun .
He is typing right now .
The researchers did four miniature experiments .
In the first , they took 28 students , more than 80 % of whom said they believed in good luck , and randomly assigned them to either a superstition - activated or a control condition .
Then they put them on a putting green .
To activate a superstition , for half of them , when handing over the ball the experimenter said : " Here is your ball .
So far it has turned out to be a lucky ball . "
For the other half , the experimenter just said : " This is the ball everyone has used so far . "
Each participant had 10 goes at trying to get a hole in one from a distance of 100 cm ( 39in ) .
And lo , the students playing with a " lucky ball " did significantly better than the others , with a mean score of 6.42 , against 4.75 for the others .
Then they moved on to a second experiment .
Fifty - one students were asked to perform a motor - dexterity task , an irritating , fiddly Perspex game to get 36 little balls into 36 little holes by tilting the box .
Beforehand , they were randomly assigned to one of three groups , each hearing a different phrase just before starting .
The superstition activator was " I press the thumbs for you " , a German equivalent of the English expression " I keep my fingers crossed " .
Of the two control or comparison groups , members of one were told " I press the watch for you " , with the idea that this implied a similar level of encouragement ( I 'm not so sure about that ) and the others were told " On ' go ' you go " .
As predicted , those who were told someone was keeping their fingers crossed for them finished the task significantly faster .
Then things got more interesting , as the researchers tried to unpick why this was happening .
They took 41 students who had a lucky charm , and asked them to bring it to the session .
It was either kept in the room or taken out to be " photographed " .
Then they were told about the memory task they were due to perform , and asked questions about how confident they felt .
The ones with their lucky charm in the room performed better in the memory game than those without and also reported higher levels of " self - efficacy " , which was correlated with performance .
Finally , they probed these mechanisms even further .
Thirty - one students were asked to bring their lucky charm ; it was either taken away or not , and they were given an anagram task .
Before starting , they were asked to set a goal : what percentage of all the hidden words did they think they could find ?
Then they began : as expected , participants who had their lucky charm in the room performed better and reported a higher degree of " self - efficacy " as before .
But , more than that , they set higher goals and persisted longer in working on the anagram task .
So there you go .
Almost everyone has some kind of superstition ( mine is that I should mention I noticed this study through my friends Vaughan Bell and Ed Yong on Twitter ) .
What 's interesting is that superstition works , because it improves confidence , lets you set higher goals and encourages you to work harder .
In a lab .
You now know everything you need to decide if this applies to your life .
< I >
This traffic camera blends in with its surroundings .
It shape offers it camouflage in plain sight .
A speeding driver will not pay attention to the silhouette of a simple bird .
Thus it ’ll safeguard the camera from detection and possible vandalism .
A funny side effect would be that drivers who are aware of these camera ’s will slow down whenever they see a bird on a wire ;)
Update : Apparently many people are missing the point of what I wanted to convey with this camera .
It ’s not about capitalizing on speeding drivers .
It ’s about making sure drivers obey the speed limits in every area , not only where there ’s speed camera’s .
People do obey the laws where there ’s a speed - camera ( read : where they can get caught ) but they continue speeding afterward .
This kinda camera is all about discouraging that kinda behaviour .
And for the people who are getting paranoid already … do n’t worry this is just a prototype ( albeit fully functional ) and it is not in production ( yet ;)
All works on this site are copyrighted by
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
[ UPDATE : This story is being updated regularly with information from the US military .
Please check for new updates at the end of the story . ]
Two young Marines are sitting in a military brig this morning , accused of beating a gay man in Savannah , Georgia , so badly he had a bruised brain and two seizures .
And while details on the case are just emerging , it has huge implications for the end of “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell , ” as well as the justice system in Georgia , which lacks hate - crime laws and charged the men with a simple misdemeanor .
The service members , Keil Joseph Cronauer and Charles Stanzel , were barhopping in Savannah , just over the border from the base where they ’re stationed , Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort , South Carolina ( of The Great Santini fame . )
According to the Savannah Morning News , one of the Marines grew convinced that 26 - year - old Kieran Daly , who came out six months ago , winked at him .
In police parlance , an altercation ensued .
Daly was punched in the back of the head so hard , he had to be taken to the hospital .
The Marines , who were caught on foot after fleeing the scene , say they were “ being harassed by a gay man and wanted to get away from him , ” but eyewitnesses and Daly himself disputed that account :
“ The guy thought I was winking at him , ” Daly said .
“ I told him , ‘ I was squinting , man . … I ’m tired . ' ”
Daly said one of the men told him he demanded respect because he served in Iraq .
And at least one hurled slurs at him as he tried to walk away .
“ That ’s the last thing I remember is walking away , ” Daly said .
Obviously , an investigation is ongoing , and no one ’s guilty yet .
But if service members on liberty can’t hold their liquor or their emotions — and regardless of what happened , that much seems clear here — there ’s a long way to go before the military will be able to successfully integrate gays and lesbians in the military ranks .
Worse still is the fact that , since Georgia does n’t recognize hate crimes under state law , Savannah authorities had to charge the two men with simple misdemeanor battery .
“ It leaves me wondering why Georgia is one of five states that does n’t have a hate crime law on the state level , ” Daly told the Morning News from his hospital bed .
The Marines have since been transferred to military custody on their base .
In a perfect world , the Marines — who do n’t suffer misconduct lightly — would prosecute Cronauer and Stanzel to the fullest .
As riflemen trained in hand - to - hand combat , an Article 32 investigation for assault with a deadly weapon ( namely , their hands ) would n’t be out of order here .
But in a military where a sexually abusive doctor with repeat offenses gets a week in the brig , what the Marine JAGs will do here is anyone ’s guess .
[ UPDATE : Gunnery Sgt. Chad McMeen , the public affairs officer for Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort , tells me that Lance Cpl. Stanzel and Cpl. Cronauer are “ in an on - base restriction status ” pending the outcome of multiple investigations : a military one , a Chatham County , Georgia , one , and “ possibly an FBI investigation . ”
While McMeen could not confirm the latter , FBI involvement would likely indicate that the Marines ’ behavior is being examined for evidence of federal hate crimes .
“ Both squadrons ( to which the Marines are assigned ) are conducting an investigation , ” McMeen says .
No telling how long the investigations will take , but “ a lot of it hinges on Chatham County , ” he says , adding that until the inquiries are closed , Stanzel and Cronauer will remain on “ barracks restrictions . ”
A comment from the Marines ’ air wing commander is expected to follow shortly .
MoJo will keep you posted . ]
The tenderest words in American political history were cut from the document they were to have graced .
It was July 1 , 2 ,3 and 4 , 1776 , in the State House in Philadelphia .
America was being born .
The Continental Congress was reviewing and editing the language of the proposed Declaration of Independence and Thomas Jefferson , its primary author , was suffering the death of a thousand cuts .
The tensions over slavery had been wrenching , terrible , and were resolved by brute calculation : to damn or outlaw it now would break fragile consensus , halt all momentum , and stop the creation of the United States .
References to the slave trade were omitted , but the founders were not stupid men , and surely they knew their young nation would have its date with destiny ; surely they heard in their silence the guns of Fort Sumter .
Still , in the end , the Congress would not produce only an act of the most enormous human and political significance , the creation of America , it would provide history with one of the few instances in which a work of true literary genius was produced , in essence , by committee .
( The writing of the King James Bible is another . )
The beginning of the Declaration had a calm stateliness that signaled , subtly , that something huge is happening :
Two ways exist of looking at WikiLeaks , the site that publicizes secret military documents and videos .
The first is held self - interestedly by the Pentagon and by Fox News , the voice of an angry lower - middle class without too much education .
These believe that Wikileakers are traitors , haters of America , who give aid and comfort to the enemy and endanger the lives of Our Boys .
Implicit in the Foxian view is a vague idea that the leaks give away important — well , stuff .
You know , maybe frequencies of something or other , or locations of ambushes or , well , things .
Important things .
The Taliban will use this information to kill American soldiers .
The notion is vague , as are those who hold it , but emotionally potent .
The other view , held usually by people who have some experience of Washington , is that the Pentagon is worried not about the divulging of tactical secrets , but about public relations .
WikiLeaks does n’t endanger soldiers , insists this way of looking at things , but the war itself , and all the juiceful contracts and promotions and so on entailed by wars .
Which is obvious if you look at what the military ( the president , remember , is commander - in - chief ) actually does .
Remember the military ’s frantic efforts to suppress the photos of torture at Abu Ghraib , photos of prisoners lying in pools of blood while grinning girl soldiers play with them ?
These had zero tactical importance .
They did however threaten to arouse the Pentagon ’s worst enemy .
The American public .
A Brass Pole in Bangko ...
Reed , Fred Best Price : $ 3.94 Buy New $ 18.80 ( as of 01:20 EST - Details )
In recent decades the military has almost achieved its wettest dream , the separation of wars from the American population .
The fielding of a small volunteer army prevents the riots on campus that helped to end the adventure in Asia long ago .
 Embedding  reporters with combat units pretty much prevents coverage that might upset people .
The media for whatever reasons are now complicit , declining to air what really happens on the ground .
All of this allows ghastly behavior , which is what wars always produce , to go forward with little opposition .
Ah , but leaks , YouTube , holes in the wall of silence — these pose real threats to the flow of contracts .
If you do n’t think that contracts — money — have a great deal to do with wars , reflect that all those hundreds of billions of dollars end up in pockets , and those pockets do not belong to soldiers .
Makers of body armor , boots , ammunition , helicopters , on and on , are rolling in gravy .
All this half - watched loot flows in cataracts at the price of at most sixty dead American kids a month ( and lots of brain - damaged droolers , but what the hey ) .
A bargain .
Afghans do n’t count .
Note that the Pentagon ’s orchestrated screaming has not been about technical data that might in fact get GIs killed , but about revelation of the ugly things the US is doing to people .
Consider the footage of an American helicopter gunship killing pedestrians in a city street , and apparently having just a swell time doing it .
This did n’t reveal military secrets .
But it showed the gunship crew as the butchers they are .
Bad juju for the military .
PR is all .
Nekkid In Austin : Drop ... Reed , Fred Best Price : $ 3.99 Buy New $ 14.95 ( as of 01:20 EST - Details )
The pattern holds .
Remember when the White House furiously suppressed video of torture ?
The Taliban would have garnered no tactically devastating details .
But men screaming , choking , crying , bleeding , begging — even the patriotic might gag .
Why are the fun and games at Guantanamo kept secret ?
Watching a man die under torture does not make it easier for the Taliban to ambush Marines .
In no way would it endanger American forces .
But it would endanger the war .
The golden goose .
Then there was the photo of the hideously wounded and dying GI that was ( miraculously ) published in the New York Times .
SAD Robert Gates ( Secretary of Alleged Defense ) said that the publication was irresponsible .
Oh ?
How so ?
The Taliban could have gotten no militarily useful pointers from seeing an expanse of red gushing meat ( the leg looked to have been nearly severed ) .
But people in Kansas might look and think twice about the war .
The whole profitable circus rides on keeping things abstract .
The war is n’t children looking at their entrails in brief puzzlement as they bleed to death .
( Just what do you think happens when you bomb a village ? )
No .
It is about Islamo - fascism , the Gates of Vienna , national security , the War on Terror , and it is done with precision weapons that kill only the evil ones .
Curmudgeing Through Pa ... Reed , Fred Best Price : $ 2.50 Buy New $ 17.73 ( as of 01:45 EST - Details )
Remember when Bush II forbade the photographing of coffins coming back into Dover AFB ( I think it was ) ?
That lamentable president said the prohibition was to protect the privacy of the dead .
( The inside of an anonymous coffin is n’t private ? )
Those photos contained no military information — but they could have made the public think .
Bad .
Very bad .
The Taliban can keep the war going , which is fine for the military , but they ca n’t end it .
The American public could .
No more contracts .
Can you think of a single instance in which the information to be revealed was of military value ?
The detailed workings of an IED detector ?
The name of a Talibani secretly working with the US ?
The date and place of an attack by a team of Special Forces ?
Or is the suppression always aimed at keeping Americans in the dark ?
There is of course a great deal to hide in any war , but particularly in one such as that in Afghanistan .
In any guerrilla war , the soldiers quickly come to hate the locals .
In Afghanistan , as in Viet Nam , virtually no American speaks the language , the intelligence  outfits are clueless , the troops do n’t really care who they kill , and pilots bomb according to their own or some intel weenie ’s guess as to who they see on the ground .
Atrocities , intended or not , occur daily .
All of this has to be lied about , concealed , papered over .
Concealed from the American public , I mean .
The Afghans already know about it .
It works .
A decade into the war , Fox cheerleads onward , interviewing former CIA thisses and military thats , generating a warm glow of togetherness aimed perhaps more at liberals than at the Islamo - whatevers .
The Wickileakers are putting Our Boys in danger as they risk their lives for Freedom and Democracy .
Next to sex , the strongest human instinct seems to be to form groups and hate other groups .
I have long suspected that the bulk of humanity has more glands than neurons .
It never changes .
I need a drink .
The Best of Fred Reed
Doug Mataconis · · 6 comments
Another Republican politician sticks his foot in his mouth :
WASHINGTON — Republican Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana says he supports conservative organizations challenging President Barack Obama ’s citizenship in court .
Vitter , who is running for re-election , made the comments at a town hall - style event in Metairie , La. , on Sunday when a constituent asked what he would do about what the questioner said was Obama ’s “ refusal to produce a valid birth certificate . ”
With the crowd applauding the question , Vitter responded that he does n’t personally have standing to bring litigation .
“ But I support conservative legal organizations and others who would bring that to court , ” he said , according to a video of the event .
“ I think that is the valid and most possibly effective grounds to do it . ”
He later cautioned that the matter could distract from policy issues .
“ I think if we focus on that issue and let our eye off the ball … I think that ’s a big mistake , ” he said .
“ I ’m not dismissing any of this .
I think first and foremost , we need to fight the Obama agenda at the ballot box starting this fall . ”
As we 're sure you 've noticed by now , General Motors has been making lots of waves over the past few days with the pricing announcement ( finally ! ) of its 2011 Chevrolet Volt .
And , as you 're surely aware , GM 's plug - in hybrid is capable of traveling at least 40 miles per charge without using a single drop of gasoline .
But what happens when the time comes to pump some good ol ' crude into the tank ?
You 'll be using premium .
Yes , you read that right .
Premium gasoline only in GM 's mostly gasoline - free automobile .
It seems a bit odd that The General would force its customers into using higher - priced gasoline if there was n't a good reason for it , but it certainly would n't seem that the engine is highly stressed – 80 horsepower from 1.4 liters is n't exactly bleeding edge .
There is a possibility , however , that the car 's engineers were able to wrestle a bit more efficiency from its constant - load engine / generator setup by using higher octane fuel .
In any case , the automaker has not offered up any specific explanations on why premium is required or , for that matter , what kind of fuel mileage the Volt will attain when the gasoline - powered engine is in operation .
We feel compelled to point out that it probably does n't matter much that the Volt requires premium fuel considering how little gasoline the average user is likely to go through any given month .
But naturally , your mileage will vary .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Apart from a few mentions in the Mirror you most probably wo n’t have heard of me .
That ’s because , to be frank , for the last 14 years I have been in the political wilderness .
Why ?
Because although I am a Labour MP I refused to support many of the disastrous New Labour policies that lost us so many of our supporters .
Unlike the other main leadership candidates , I voted against the war in Iraq , opposed the privatisation of our public services and refused to vote for the waste of money on madcap schemes like ID cards and Trident .
You wo n’t have seen me on celebrity TV chat shows apart from some appearances on the news because I believe the job of a hard - working MP should be a full - time job with no time for pursuing earnings in the media .
I am what most Mirror readers expect Labour MPs to be .
I am not Old Labour or New Labour or Next Labour .
I am just Labour .
I am standing for leader of the party because I want people to know that Labour is coming home .
I want people to know that lessons have been learnt and never again will we let them down by trying to be a pale version of the Tories as some of the New Labour policies were .
Do n’t get me wrong : over the last 13 years of course we have done some good things but the reality is that we lost touch with our own people .
That is why mistakes were made that lost us the election .
Public service workers saw their jobs privatised or were put under the cosh of targets and league tables .
Families have been put under real pressure with people working long hours to afford a roof over their heads .
Homelessness grew because New Labour refused to build the homes we needed .
Young people have become saddled with massive debts from tuition fees .
Two million pensioners and children still live in poverty .
How can it be that after 13 years of a Labour government we now live in a society more unequal than at any time since the Second World War ?
Now the Tories are demanding huge cuts in our public services because they want us to pay for the economic crisis caused by greedy bankers in the City and government ministers , who turned a blind eye .
Bankers are still being paid massive bonuses whilst we are expected to see jobs and services cut in our schools , hospitals and local councils and vital services like the Royal Mail privatised .
Watch out because they will soon be coming for your pensions , wages and benefits .
We need a Labour leader who says to the bankers and their Tory friends that we are not paying for your crisis .
The budget deficit can be sorted if we set up a fair tax system which tackles the tax avoidance by the big companies and the very rich that costs us £ 100 billion a year .
We need a Robin Hood tax on speculators ’ deals in the City .
We are the fifth richest country in the world .
That is why if we introduce a fair tax system and cut out wasteful expenditure on ID cards , Trident and the war in Afghanistan , we can afford a decent pension for everyone , child benefits that cover the real cost of bringing up a child and a care service for our elderly that does n’t force them to sell their homes .
We can lift the debt off our
youngsters by abolishing tuition fees , build the affordable homes we need and bring in a minimum wage that is a living wage .
We can also invest in rebuilding our economy with large - scale investment in our manufacturing industries , especially in the jobs needed to make our country the greenest and most sustainable in the world .
Some will try and blame immigrants or asylum seekers for our problems .
Shortages of jobs and houses are not due to migrants but the mismanagement of our economy and our housing market .
The reality is that people coming here to work contribute much more to our economy than they take out , just as British people working abroad do .
Also we should be proud of this country ’s record of giving refuge to people whose lives were at risk in their homelands .
I need 33 Labour MPs to nominate me to stand in this leadership election .
This is a big ask for a backbencher but you can help me achieve this .
Contact your nearest Labour MPs to ask them to nominate me .
Even if they do n’t agree with me they should at least nominate me so that my voice can be heard in this election .
That ’s just democracy , which is what Labour stands for , is n’t it ?
Replacing Hawaii ’s dirty diesel powered generators that provide the electricity necessary to run the islands is n’t an easy job .
The state ’s current plan is to feed Oahu , the state ’s most populated island , through an undersea cable , from the wind farms on the islands Molokai and Lanai .
Furthermore , the plan , out of which only the cable costs $ 1 billion , involved building two wind farms across more than 12,000 acres .
Initial assessments of the sea floor do n’t show any difficulties in running the cable through the islands .
Still , they are verifying that technically everything is in place to set the cable safely .
The projected inter-island cable is n’t the first of its kind , since Long Island is fed 300 MW of electricity all the way from Connecticut , but the cable linking the Hawaiian islands is the first to carry renewable energy .
There have even been discussions as to how they could link the cables to Maui .
While oil spills are an issue at the moment and people want to avoid them , the idea of transporting the power through cables and not diesel fuel has flourished overnight .
“ It has made people more willing to listen .
Would you rather look at an oil spill or a wind farm ? , ” said Joshua B.Y. Strickler , a facilitator of Renewable Energy Programs with Hawaii ’s Clean Energy Initiative .
“ It ’s a hedge against oil at the end of the day .
Our bet in Hawaii is it ’s going to go up , ” he also said .
“ When the Saudis sneeze , we say gesundheit . ”
The possibility of locally implementing tidal power had been discussed , but the engineering behind it lacks possibilities to make it safe and durable .
Honolulu gives another example of using the ocean to save energy .
They work on implementing an air conditioning system that cools the buildings using seawater , which is then recycled back into the ocean , saving 77 million kWh a year and eliminating the 14 MW of peak capacity , whose addition to the existing grid had been planned .
The state of Hawaii has an ambitious plan of providing the population with 70 percent renewable energy by 2030 .
Running on fossil fuels is senseless , even if the project does n’t seem to explain itself financially for the moment .
The gains will be seen in the many years to come .
( Visited 78 times , 1 visits today )
BNP , Commerzbank , HSBC , SocGen , Natixis , BNP , CA , AXA , ING and Rabobank all identified as banks with massive Greek repo exposure .
The next question : will writedowns on these now illiquid and , as the Greek bond market is effectively shut down for a second day running , untradeable positions be taken , or will Europe follow the US in pretending tens of billions in valuation gaps will be filled by Hopium ?
Also , as bankingnews .
gr reports , and as we first highlighted , a variety of French re/insurers are about to get whacked .
From Bankingnews.gr
At the time of accepting the Greek toxic bonds repo agreements some banks such as Commerzbank and HSBC had entered into repo with Greek banks from 1.5 to 2 billion each .
These banks have sought various ways to get rid of the Greek bonds , but the repo does not break easily .
From foreign banks big exposure to toxic Greek bonds - say toxic as these CDS spread and toxic only be described - are BNP Paribas 5 billion multi-repo in Greek banks .
The Commerzbank 3.1 billion in repo to a large Greek bank .
The HSBC 2 billion in bonds through repo Greek by a Greek major bank .
The Societe Generale 3 billion
The Natixis to 830 million .
The BNP Paribas said it would retain the Greek bonds over the next 2 - 3 years ( 5 billion ) and borrowings of Greek ( 3 billion euros )
The Credit Agricole 500 mn euros Zurich Finance 400 mn dollars , AXA 500 mn euros .
The French banks and insurance companies have the greatest exposure to toxic Greek bonds .
Positive support of the Greek debt and Dutch banks hold funds with 12 billion .
The Greek bond ING holds 3 billion and Rabobank 300 million .
A few weeks ago I made fun of this $ 2,000 gas - powered “ snowboard ” , because it ’s ridiculous .
But browsing the interwebz the other day , I found a gas - powered snowboard that is actually worthy of praise : the snowmoboard , a home - made snowmobile / snowboard hybrid .
Originally built in 2001 using a 173 cm K2 Fat Bob snowboard , it is equipped with 90 cc 5.8 hp two stroke engine from a Stihl chainsaw and a vintage 28 ″ x 3 ″ x 3/4 ″ track .
The snowmoboard is cool for all the reasons that the $ 2,000 “ snowboard ” is not cool .
It ’s actually a snowboard .
It ’s not a gimmick .
It does n’t weigh 150 pounds .
If you want one , you have to build it yourself ( but it ’s not cheap ) .
Now , I ’m not the first person to discover this , but I thought it was cool so I decided to reach out to the guy behind the design , and he was generous enough to spend a few minutes answering some questions below the video of the snowmoboard in action .
When you ’re not snowmoboarding , are you a regular snowboarder ?
I ’ve been boarding for over 10 years .
What inspired you to build the first snowmoboard ?
I love building stuff and 10 years ago no one had even tried putting a motor on a snowboard so I figured I had better do it before someone else does .
I never had any intentions of manufacturing or patenting them , I just wanted to do it first .
How much did it cost you to put this rig together ?
About $ 700 for the snowboard , chainsaw and track .
It would cost over $ 1,300 to buy the stuff new , plus labor , so I would n’t be making any money at 2 grand if I were to start manufacturing them to sell .
So it looks kind of heavy , how much does it weigh ?
About 60 pounds , I need to learn how to weld aluminum !
I ’m sure everyone wants to know how fast it can go .
Have you ever clocked it ?
34 mph , there is a radar sign in a school zone by my house .
The stance appears set back pretty far , as opposed to a centered or nearly - centered stance on most snowboards .
Did you build it like this originally , or is this configuration the result of trial and errors ?
It just worked out that way , the first priority was to motorize the board then find a way to stand on it .
Not a lot of options once you start laying out all the parts .
It looks tougher to maneuver than an ordinary snowboard .
Did it take you a while to get the hang of how to steer a much heavier board that wo n’t flex as easily ?
For the latest updates , follow @agnarchy on Facebook :
I have only made videos of it going straight but I can carve with it and have jumped it a few times .
It does n’t handle like a regular snowboard because it is 60 pounds but it is handy to know how to ride a snowboard if you are going to try to ride it .
Only 1 person has made it more than 5 feet on their first time riding it , everybody says “ wow , that has a lot more power than I expected ” right after it comes out from under them the first time they hit the throttle , that Stihl chainsaw engine has some torque !
There is a bit of a learning curve to riding it .
Put me in a field with the perfect snow and I can do some tight figure 8 ’s with it .
It would be awesome to see a video of those figure - 8’s !
So it sounds like a lot of work , but if someone out there wanted to try this , what advice would you give them ?
Get some parts and try it , mine did n’t work the first few times , it has been cut , welded , ground down , a few different boards , a few different engines , different controls , different bindings , different suspension etc …
I do n’t have any training or experience in any sort of design or fabrication , just a redneck with an arc welder , a cutting torch and an idea .
There you have it folks , straight from the man himself .
You can check out some youtube clips of the snowmoboard or visit the “ official ” snowmoboard website .
There are plenty of things in the snowsports world that deserve to be made fun of , like skiing and tall tees , but the snowmoboard is all “ win ” in my book .
Smash that sign up button for our monthly newsletter
Here is what I learned when I was 9 years old :
1 - DOW stands for Dow Jones .
2 - Red and Green color on a trading platform are not a game you can play with these are based on actual transactions .
3 - Volume was the number of stock that has been traded within a specific company .
4 - Stock Symbol is what used to play games with like word games .
Tell me the Symbol and I will tell you what company or the opposite .
5 - The market will close around my nap time .
From 10 - 12 years old :
1 - Bid and Ask , you buy on the ASK price and you sell on BID price .
2- Quantity is the number of stocks you are willing to purchase .
3 - I became familiar with limit and market orders .
4 - Stocks that start with green most likely to end up red ( Just what I thought it was at that age )
5 - I loved the fireworks when market opens and close .
From 13 - 15 :
1- I placed my first market order .
2 - I placed my second order which was limit .
3 - I learned about IPO at I saw Google lunch at that time for the price of 85 and shoot to 99 .
4 - I saw the real response from the market when the feds increase or cuts interest rates .
5 - I learned about earnings and conference call and how important they are .
From 16 - 18 :
1- I had my own portfolio where I had the opportunity to invest on my own .
2 - I learned that the market after hours and before openings is risky to make a trade but great way to make profit .
3 - I learned that stock is unpredictable to a volatile market .
4 - I learned about stock points of support and resistance and when to make a trade .
5 - I learned that the FED , NEWS , REPORTS ...etc what motivate the market .
6 - I learned that in normal Mondays stocks are usually green and in a normal Fridays stocks are usually red because of profit taking .
7 - Swing trading is way better than daily trading for greater profit and maximum returns .
8 - I learned that hesitation is what makes you a loser in the stock market .
9 - I learned that market expectations for a stock are not important in a short run as it's in the long run .
10 - I learned that if you lose in a company does n’t stick to it to make your money back just look for a different opportunity in another company at a different time or come back to it later .
From 18 - 21 :
1- I learned that summer is a vacation time for the stock market which become very boring due to decrease in volume .
2 - I learned that I need to “ Be Fearful When Others Are Greedy And Greedy When Others Are Fearful ” - Warren Buffett3 - I learned that pennystocks are waste of money and time .
4 - Trade by statistical analysis and not by your feelings .
5 - Claim an opportunity and make it yours .
Your comments are more than welcome :)
Welcome to 1984 : Russia gets Soviet - era ' thought crime ' law
New legislation : Dmitry Medvedev signed the law allowing its intelligence agency to detain people suspected of preparing to commit crimes
It sounds like something straight out of George Orwell 's nightmarish Nineteen Eighty - Four .
In a move that harks back to the dark days of the KGB , the Russian security service has been given new powers to crack down on so - called ' thought crime ' .
The Federal Security Service , successor to the feared Soviet KGB , will now be able to summon and imprison people it believes are about to carry out a crime .
In a statement yesterday , the Kremlin said the security service , known as the FSB , would now be able to issue warnings to those ' whose acts create the conditions for the committing of a crime ' .
Suspects can be held behind bars for up to 15 days or face fines .
Critics blasted the decision by the Russian parliament , claiming the law could be used to detain opposition activists and journalists .
' It 's a step towards a police state , ' said Vladimir Ulas , a member of the Communist Party .
' It 's effectively a ban on any real opposition activity . '
Independent political analyst Yulia Latynina added : ' In the case of a drunken FSB officer shooting at you - and there have been many such cases - you might end up getting jailed for 15 days for merely trying to escape . '
Reactive :
The bill was submitted to Russian authorities in April shortly after twin subway bombings in Moscow killed 40
The law was submitted in April after subway bombings in Moscow killed 40 people , and was said to be a response to the attacks .
Kremlin loyalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky , leader of the nationalist Liberal Democratic party , praised the law .
He said : ' This is not a repressive law .
We 're only talking about preventive measures . ’
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , who initiated the bill , angrily retorted to criticism .
He said earlier this month that ' each country has the right to perfect its legislation ' .
The legislation continues a trend under former President Vladimir Putin , blamed by the opposition and the West for rolling back Russia 's democratic reforms of the 1990s .
The former KGB officer and FSB head allowed the security services to regain power and influence at the expense of Russia 's democratic institutions .
Putin is now prime minister , and many see his intolerance of dissent as influencing Medvedev , his hand - picked successor .
The bill has raised doubts about Medvedev 's commitment to promoting full - fledged democracy and freedom of expression .
Medvedev often has spoken of instituting judicial and police reforms , and has taken a less hard line on many issues than Putin .
Less than a third of 3rd - to - 12th - grade students can pass a physical fitness test , according to data released today by the Texas Education Agency — and that ’s an improvement .
The data shows an increase in physical fitness for students in grades 3 through 8 since the 2007 - 2008 school year , when the state first started using the fitness test .
Levels of fitness declined slightly at the high school level in the same time period .
Of the 2.9 million students who participated in the fitness tests in 2009 - 2010 , 3rd - grade girls fared the best — 37.27 percent tested in the “ healthy zone . ”
Girls in the 12th grade performed the worst , with only 8.07 percent deemed physically fit .
Boys in the 3rd and 12th grade scored 30.98 percent and 8.54 percent , respectively .
As students age , the data shows , their physical fitness declines , regardless of gender .
In 2007 , the Legislature passed SB 530 , making Texas the first state to conduct annual fitness tests for students .
The state uses the FITNESSGRAM Test , developed by the Cooper Institute in Dallas , to measure students ’ physical fitness in five areas : body composition , aerobic capacity , strength , endurance and flexibility .
Dr. Kenneth Cooper , founder of the Cooper Institute , was a major proponent of the legislation , which was authored by state Sen.
Jane Nelson , R - Flower Mound .
“ These annual fitness assessments clearly show that we must get back to the basics of ensuring the health of our children by promoting nutrition , fitness , and overall health in our schools , ” Nelson said in a release .
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt - in to saving your name , email address and website in cookies .
These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment .
These cookies will last for one year .
If you have an account and you log in to this site , we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies .
This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser .
When you log in , we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices .
Login cookies last for two days , and screen options cookies last for a year .
If you select “ Remember Me ” , your login will persist for two weeks .
If you log out of your account , the login cookies will be removed .
If you edit or publish an article , an additional cookie will be saved in your browser .
This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited .
It expires after 1 day .
Close
The answer depends on where you fall on the fairly broad political spectrum of the world ’s different tuna watchers .
The Fisheries Agency of Japan maintains that “ Japan is committed to ensure the recovery ” of the Atlantic bluefin and has stipulated it will support a complete shutdown of the bluefin fishery at next fall ’s Iccat meeting , should the scientific committee recommend it .
Greenpeace meanwhile has punted on the bluefin political process .
“ Others have failed our oceans , ” Oliver Knowles told the press as he prepared his mini armada off Malta , “ so Greenpeace will act . ”
Greenpeace is calling for a radical realignment of the high seas , to take stewardship away from regional fisheries - management organizations and establish 40 percent of the world ’s ocean territory as a marine reserve , a kind of Antarctica - style agreement with shades of whale , where nations , instead of bargaining over quotas , would simply not be able to do any fishing at all in large areas of the oceans .
Most other environmental organizations are behind the marine - reserve idea , but they vary in opinion on how big those reserves should be .
The Blue Ocean Institute calls for a five - year moratorium on Atlantic bluefin fishing everywhere .
TheWWF further advocates that the industrial fishing methods that spread during the Age of Tuna — the drift nets , long lines , purse seines and spotter planes — be done away with .
In their view , the “ artisanal ” single - hook - and - line fishing practices of old are the only way to sustainably hunt big and naturally scarce predators like bluefin .
But if we are to embark on a global project of ramping down tuna fishing , what are we to eat ?
Until the modern era , the response to wild - game decline has been a primitive one : widespread destruction of the animals that ca n’t stand up to our hunting followed by the selection of a handful of ones that we can tame .
Out of the many mammals that our forebears ate before the last ice age , humans selected four — cows , pigs , sheep and goats — to be their principal meats .
Out of all the many birds that darkened the primeval skies , humans chose four — chickens , turkeys , ducks and geese — to be their poultry .
And indeed , this is a process that is taking shape rapidly with fish .
Atlantic salmon are now commercially extinct throughout almost the entirety of their range but have become one of the most widely farmed fish in the world .
But while leaps have been made in taming marine fish , tuna , particularly bluefin tuna , may not make very much sense for the farm .
Bluefin ranching as it is practiced in the Mediterranean , and with the Pacific bluefin in Japan and the southern bluefin in Australia , rightly faces strong environmental criticisms since it relies on catching juveniles from the wild and denies those baby bluefin a chance to reach adulthood and breed .
Now , however , the final steps of fully taming or “ closing the life cycle ” of bluefin tuna are under way , which will make it possible for bluefin to be grown from an egg in a laboratory to a full - size adult .
In such a system , an isolated “ domestic ” family of bluefin can be established that need not have any interaction with the wild at all .
For several years Japan has been producing small amounts of closed - life - cycle Pacific bluefin ( known as Kindai tuna in the market ) .
In Europe and Australia , scientists have used light - manipulation technology as well as time - release hormone implants invented by the Israeli endocrinologist Yonathan Zohar to bring about the first large - scale captive spawning of Atlantic and southern bluefin .
But there are considerable complications ahead .
As Richard Smullen , an Australia - based feed - company specialist working to come up with a suitable diet for farmed bluefin , explained : “ The thing is the metabolic rate of these fish is very high compared to other fish ; they swim fast , they heat their brains and vital organs and are warmer than the surrounding water , so this is energetically expensive .
An analogy is like trying to feed an ultramarathon runner — they have the potential to eat a lot and not put on any weight . ”
Though Smullen says that it is possible to bring feed - conversion ratios for bluefin down , currently it may take 15 pounds of feed to produce a single pound of tuna , roughly 10 times as much as is needed for farmed salmon .
As fisheries decline globally , more and more countries are trying to replace their wild fish with farmed ones .
Today 30 million tons of small forage fish are removed from the oceans yearly , with the majority of it going to feed farmed fish .
If we end up farming bluefin on the same scale as we now farm salmon , the tuna , with its poor feed - conversion rate , may end up taking the food of the remaining wild fish that we have n’t yet got around to catching .
In addition there is little evidence to suggest that taming a species saves its wild forebear .
Tiger farms in China have not halted tiger declines in the wild .
Hundreds of millions of farmed Atlantic salmon have not stanched wild Atlantic salmon ’s continued decline .
Just because we can tame something does n’t mean we should .
The example of whales again rises .
As the science historian D. Graham Burnett points out in a coming book on the Save the Whales movement , collaborations between American nuclear scientists and marine biologists were once proposed in the 1960s whereby tropical atolls , leveled by nuclear testing , could be used as giant corrals for the commercial farming of cetaceans .
But fortunately for the whale — and I think for us too — we have come to see the whale not as something we fish for , not as something we farm , but as something we appreciate and maybe empathize with .
Instead of expanding our stomachs or our wallets , whales have expanded our consciousness , our very humanity .
So we have to ask ourselves , is there any rational argument for humans to eat bluefin tuna , wild , ranched or farmed ?
Is the fish really so special that no substitute will do ?
If the Japanese adapted to a higher - fat diet in half a century , could they and all sushi lovers not shift gears again and adapt to a sustainable diet ?
From Kids to Elders everybody are familiar with Super Mario Bros .
Game .
I am a big fan of Super Mario Bros .
Whenever i am free i used to play it .
Here i bring 5 great Videos of Super Mario Bros .
Bloopers ,
Which will make you laugh for sure .
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkV5n-g8-5E[/youtube]
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44A9n39DUF8[/youtube]
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgGMbMAHvI8[/youtube]
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X9PgNykfgo[/youtube]
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN0sY0rX8rI[/youtube]
Four of New York ’s most dangerous and troubled youth prisons will be placed under federal oversight , strict new limits will be imposed on the use of physical force by guards , and dozens of psychiatrists , counselors and investigators will be hired under a sweeping agreement finalized on Wednesday between state and federal officials .
The agreement will usher in the most significant expansion of mental health services in years for youths in custody , the vast majority of whom suffer from drug or alcohol problems , developmental disabilities or mental health problems .
Currently , the state does not have a single full - time psychiatrist on staff to treat young offenders .
Guards at the youth prisons , known as youth counselors , will be barred from physically restraining youths except when a person ’s physical safety is threatened or a youth is trying to escape from the institution .
Guards will be allowed to use the most controversial method  in which a youth is forced to the ground and held face - down  for at most three minutes , with evaluation by a doctor to follow within four hours .
A Facebook friend , Kristin Aldred Cheek , pointed me to a pretty wild bit of faux journalism recently concocted by BP as part of its public relations efforts related to the gusher in the Gulf of Mexico .
On his blog , a BP “ reporter , ” Tom Seslar , describes a two - hour helicopter flight over the gulf with a team charting oil patches .
He somehow finds space in his post to describe the scope and vital importance of the oil industry and the beauty of the coastal marshes .
He fits in a plug for the Louisiana Shrimp & Petroleum Festival scheduled for early September in Morgan City , La. , * and includes the festival ’s promotional line describing “ the unique way in which these two seemingly different industries work hand - in - hand culturally and environmentally ” — with no hint of the deep irony , of course .
But he does n’t include a single line describing the spreading gulf slicks that the flight is supposed to chart .
The effort provided raw meat for Rachel Maddow ( watch the result above ) .
BP Press Release Theatre : Flying Higher from The Rachel Maddow Show on Vimeo .
Welcome to the post - media world .
As conventional journalism becomes a smaller wedge of the expanding pie of communication , anyone with a vested interest can undertake the equivalent of a land grab , trying to dominate the searchable infoscape of the World Wide Web .
( You may have heard that BP recently bought up search terms related to the gulf oil disaster to direct Web sifters to its Web site . )
[* A helpful reader below noticed the festival is in Morgan City , not Morgan as I first had it . ]
With the PBoC ’s currency announcement last Saturday and the surge (! ) in the value of RMB on Monday ( all very kindly timed to add zest to my meetings this week in Boston , New York , and Washington ) , you would assume that today ’s entry would be all about the RMB and the effect of the PBoC announcement .
But aside from a brief aside to say that I am a little skeptical that this announcement adds up to much beyond a desire to head off China - bashing at the G20 meeting – bad news for Germany , who will now have to absorb much of the heat – I plan instead to discuss what I think the history of sovereign debt crises might tell us about the recent events in Europe .
The Greek crisis may in many ways seem unprecedented , but of course it is n’t .
I think by now everyone already knows that Greece has spent much of the past 200 years – more than half by some counts – in default or in one form or another of debt restructuring , but in fact there are plenty of other periods of sovereign default and restructuring that can tell us something about what is happening and what will happen .
I would suggest that there at least five things we can “ predict ” with some degree of confidence from looking at historical precedents :
1 . The euro will not survive in its current form .
We should always have been skeptical about the survivability of the euro .
There is a history of currency unions from which we can draw two reasonable conclusions .
First , without fiscal integration such as occurred in the US after the Civil War or in the German Customs Union under Prussian dominance , currency unions are no more permanent than other forms of monetary integration , such as adherence to gold or silver standards .
Without robust mechanisms to absorb imbalances that emerge in different parts of the economy , and Europe embodies many very different economies , countries normally are forced to rely on monetary adjustment .
The European currency union eliminates this type of adjustment mechanism , leaving countries with only two , brutally difficult options for adjustment besides opting out – sovereign default or long periods of deflation and unemployment .
So along with very high levels of capital mobility ( which Europe possesses to some extent ) and labor mobility ( of which it has much less ) , Europe also needed to assign a substantial amount of fiscal sovereignty to some entity .
I have already explained elsewhere why I think this was always very unlikely .
Difficult as it might be , opting out of the euro is likely to be much less unpalatable for many countries than sovereign default or long periods of high unemployment .
Second , when currency unions are successful , it is almost always during periods of rising global liquidity and expanding international capital flows .
No currency union has been able to survive the great monetary contractions that spell the end of a globalization period .
The 19th Century ’s Latin Monetary Union and the Scandinavian Monetary Union , to take the most obvious examples , were both once considered great successes , but were forced into retreat when global monetary conditions turned sour .
So when will countries opt out of the euro ?
Ernest Hemingway once described the process of going broke as “ Slowly .
Then all at once . ”
That is not a very precise description , I know , but I would guess that support for the euro will erode very slowly until suddenly it seems inevitable and then the process will happen breathtakingly quickly .
2 . This is the big one
One of the myths that we often hear repeated is that financial crises have been occurring with increased frequency in the past one or two decades .
I think we only believe this because we remember the big crises of the past , which seem to occur every twenty to thirty years , and then look back all crises of the past two decades – Mexico in 1994 , East Asia in 1997 , LTCM and Russia in 1998 , Brazil in 1999 , the Internet Bubble in 2000 , the Sub - Prime crisis in 2007 , and Greece in 2010 – and conclude that there are an awful lot more crises nowadays .
But in my book , The Volatility Machine , I made sure to distinguish between the short - term liquidity crises that occur within globalization cycles , of which there are a lot and seemed to occur every two or three years , and the long - term liquidity contractions that spell the end of each of the major globalization cycles .
The former can be brutal , but they are usually short - lived and the overall market recovers very quickly .
So , for example , although most of us know that the world experienced a deep and long - lasting crisis in 1873 , which began a long period of contracting international trade , reduced capital flows , and the massive bankruptcies of the high technology companies of the period , including most notably the railroads , very few people seem to know about the Overend Gurney crisis of 1866 , which seemed pretty horrific at the time but from which the markets recovered fairly quickly .
Likewise the great and well - known LDC debt crisis beginning in 1982 was preceded by several smaller crises , most importantly I think in 1976 by a Mexican peso crisis , which two years later had all but been forgotten by the market .
In my opinion the current set of crises , beginning with the sub - prime crisis in the US and spreading throughout the world , is not a short - term liquidity crisis like LTCM , the Asian Crisis , or the Mexican crisis of 1994 .
I think this is likely to be one of those big events , one that represents a major re-adjustment in the world during which time the massive imbalances that had been built up during the long globalization cycle that started around the late 1980s and early 1990s are finally worked out .
Not only will Greece , in other words , get worse , but it is by no means the end of the crisis .
A lot more countries in Southern Europe , Latin America and Asia are going to be caught up in this before it ends .
3 . The European crisis will be accompanied by a trade shock .
In the early 1980s Latin America countries were suddenly cut off from funding during what was subsequently called the LDC Debt Crisis , or the Lost Decade .
These countries had been running large current account deficits , and of course current account deficits require capital account surpluses .
These surpluses were financed by the the huge petrodollar recycling of the 1970s , when commercial banks around the world made staggeringly large loans to many developing countries .
Of course after 1981 - 82 it became clear that the loans exceeded the repayment capacity of the borrowing countries , and suddenly financing dried up – almost overnight .
What ’s worse , the debt crisis had already been preceded by flight capital , so that when financing dried up , a capital account surplus quickly became a capital account deficit .
Of course once Latin America began to experience capital outflows , its trade deficit necessarily had to become a trade surplus .
This is exactly what happened .
The deficit countries of Europe , whose combined trade deficits are nearly two - thirds the size of the US trade deficit , will also be forced into a rapid contraction in their trade deficits for the very same reasons – they are going to find it hard enough simply to refinance themselves , let alone receive net capital inflows .
Without a capital account surplus , however , they simply cannot run current account deficits .
This contraction must , one way or another , be absorbed by the very unwilling rest of the world .
I describe what this will entail in a May 19 entry .
4 . The economic recovery in the countries hit by crisis will not begin until they are recognized as insolvent and receive debt forgiveness from their creditors .
Preceding every sovereign default is the fiction that the creditor country is simply facing a short - term financing problem , and that with a lot of discipline and a little bit of good will it will be able to work its way out of the crisis .
During this period a number of restructuring “ solutions ” are proposed – all of which involve increasing debt , and often in the most financially destabilising way – which inevitably make the final resolution of the crisis much more difficult and which sharply raise financial distress costs .
The most notorious recent example of these terrible “ solutions ” was Argentina ’s disastrous debt swap in 2001 , in which it dramatically increased the country ’s total obligations while it desperately tried to maintain the fiction that it could somehow grow its way out of its impossible debt burden .
Greece , and probably two or three other countries , simply cannot repay their outstanding debt amounts .
Ultimately they are going to default , and then in the restructuring process they will receive enough debt forgiveness that allows them to return to a sound footing and with a reasonable repayment prospect .
But as long as they maintain the pretence that they can and will repay the full outstanding amount , and struggle with the burden , the resulting distortions in the economy will mean that businesses will disinvest and the country will not grow .
Historical precedence makes it clear that as long as the sovereign borrower is forced to struggle with an unrepayable debt burden , it will not grow .
Eventually , as has happened in nearly every previous case , creditors and borrowers will acknowledge reality and will work out a debt forgiveness plan that will allow the economy to return to growth .
Until then , expect weak growth , high unemployment , and constant battles over debt .
How long will it take for the world to recognize the inevitable ?
That leads us to the fifth thing we can learn from historical precedents .
5 . Greece ’s insolvency will not be recognized for many years .
When most of the obligations of an insolvent sovereign were widely dispersed among a wide variety of bondholders , market forces acted relatively quickly to force debt forgiveness .
Defaulted bonds trade at deep discounts , and it is a lot easier for someone who bought the debt at one - quarter its face value to agree to 50 % debt forgiveness than for someone who made the original loan .
But things are different with the current crop of insolvent European sovereign debts , as they were with the sovereign loans of the 1970s .
They are heavily concentrated within the banking system , and the banks cannot recognize the losses without themselves collapsing into insolvency .
That can not be allowed to happen .
The LDC debt crisis of the 1980s raged on nearly a full decade – a decade of stopped payments , capital flight , and agonizingly low growth – before creditors formally acknowledged that most struggling borrowers could not repay their debt and would need partial debt forgiveness .
The first formal recognition of debt forgiveness occurred with Mexico ’s Brady Plan restructuring in 1990 .
Growth returned to most countries only after it became clear that they would receive debt forgiveness .
Why did it take so long ?
Were the banks stupid ?
No , banks knew full well that they were n’t going to get their money back as early as the mid-1980s , but to have acknowledge this would have required them to set aside more capital to absorb the losses than most of them possessed .
The recognition of the obvious had to wait nearly a full decade so that banks could build a sufficient capital cushion to absorb the losses .
So too with the European crisis .
Much of the Greek debt is held by European banks , and they simply do not have enough capital to absorb losses on Greek debt , let alone if Greece were to be joined by Portugal , Spain and others .
The banks will need first to rebuild their capital bases before they can admit the obvious , and this could take several years .
So we are condemned to spend much of the next decade postponing a resolution of the crisis while banks rebuild their capital base .
Until they do , we will all pretend that Greece is n’t insolvent and that other European countries will not face a crisis .
Meanwhile none of these countries will be able to grow .
-----------------------------
This guest post previously appeared at China Financial Markets >
CZAR : When I asked you to clear this lot for my new house , I expected you to dispose of the trees you cut down .
STEVE : There was a problem .
You see , trees are made of wood .
You can't just throw it into the forest , because that 's like throwing bad wood after good .
CZAR : Ca n't you just dump it in the lake ?
STEVE : No can do .
Wood floats .
I think that 's why they make boats out of it .
CZAR : What about burning it ?
STEVE : Just turns it into charcoal .
Then we need to have a barbecue to get rid of that , but there 's no shade !
Seventy - three days after the Gulf Coast oil crisis began , people are being advised to avoid some coastal areas affected by the BP oil spill .
Also , there are concerns over the health and safety of workers involved in clean - up efforts .
The strategic defence and security review set up by the government will be " skewed " unless it includes the future of the Trident missile system , a former Liberal Democrat leader and spokesman on defence and foreign affairs said today .
Sir Menzies Campbell said : " Maybe it 's the shape of the missiles but every time Trident is mentioned there is an outbreak of priapism on the Tory backbenchers .
There is a real risk that the whole strategic defence review will be skewed because of the obsession with Trident .
It makes no sense whatsoever to exclude Trident , the strategic deterrent , from a proper strategic review . "
The government says Trident must be excluded from the review , though its value for money could be scrutinised .
The coalition agreement says the Lib Dems may " continue to make the case for alternatives " .
Liam Fox , the defence secretary , is now embroiled in a row with the Treasury , which wants the capital costs of a new Trident system to come out of the defence budget and not from a separate account as the government , like its predecessor , promised .
The chiefs of staff publicly sidestep questions about Britain 's nuclear weapons , saying they are a political matter .
Navy chiefs , including Sir Mark Stanhope , the first sea lord , have made clear their view is that if the UK is to have nuclear weapons , only a like - for - like Trident replacement would be an effective " deterrent " .
Army chiefs , including General Sir David Richards , who will become chief of the defence staff in October , are more sceptical about Trident 's worth .
The capital cost of replacing the existing Trident fleet with four new nuclear ballistic missile submarines is officially estimated at £ 20 bn .
Running costs in coming decades could more than double that figure .
Better value from money spent on the existing Trident fleet could be got by extending its life and co-operating on patrols more closely with the French , Campbell said .
Authoritative research showed the life of the existing fleet could be extended .
He also challenged the government to publish the results of the promised " value for money " audit on Trident .
Fox last week described the capital costs of a successor to Trident as " pretty good value " .
Nick Harvey , the Lib Dem defence spokesman during the election campaign , who is now armed forces minister , said in April : " Omitting the single largest procurement project from the strategic defence review makes a complete mockery of the whole exercise . "
The Lib Dems said during the election that the need for " continuous at sea deterrence " no longer existed .
Ending the practice – which ensures one submarine is always on patrol – could extend the life of the four Trident boats well beyond 2024 , according to a report by Nick Ritchie and Paul Ingram published by the Royal United Services Institute .
These measures could save more than £ 11bn , they say .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
In the wake of the BP oil spill , some captains of industry have begun calling for government leadership to spur a clean - energy revolution .
In June billionaire software mogul Bill Gates visited Washington and encouraged lawmakers to pony up public subsidies to triple clean - tech R&D funding from $ 5 billion to $ 16 billion annually .
Gates explained to the Washington Post that much of what is touted as free - market innovation was born of government subsidies : " The Internet and the microprocessor , which were very fundamental to Microsoft being able to take the magic of software and having the PC explode , were among many of the elements that came through government research and development . "
And on his website Gates wrote , " When it comes to developing new sources of energy , and ways to store that energy , I believe the federal government needs to play a more active role than it does today . "
Ad Policy
Gates ’s acknowledgment of the need for government intervention is welcome , but he and many others are stuck on " innovation . "
The fixation on new " game - changing " technology is omnipresent .
Think of the metaphors we use : a green Manhattan Project or a clean - tech Apollo Program .
It recalls Tocqueville ’s observation that " the American lives in a land of wonders , in which everything around him is in constant movement , and every movement seems an advance .
Consequently , in his mind the idea of newness is closely linked with that of improvement . "
Related Articles Christian Parenti : BP & the Changing Energy Economy The Nation on Grit TV Slide Show : Green Energy The Nation
Yet according to clean - tech experts , innovation is now less important than rapid large - scale implementation .
In other words , developing a clean - energy economy is not about new gadgets but rather about new policies .
An overemphasis on breakthrough inventions can obscure the fact that most of the energy technologies we need already exist .
You know what they are : wind farms , concentrated solar power plants , geothermal and tidal power , all feeding an efficient smart grid that , in turn , powers electric vehicles and radically more energy - efficient buildings .
But the so - called " price gap " is holding back clean tech : it is too expensive , while fossil fuels are far too cheap .
The simple fact is that capitalist economies will switch to clean energy on a large scale only when it is cheaper than fossil fuels .
The fastest way to close the price gap is to build large clean - tech markets that allow for economies of scale .
So , what is the fastest way to build those markets ?
More research grants ?
More tax credits ?
More clumsy pilot programs ?
No .
The fastest , simplest way to do it is to reorient government procurement away from fossil fuel energy , toward clean energy and technology — to use the government ’s vast spending power to create a market for green energy .
After all , the government did n’t just fund the invention of the microprocessor ; it was also the first major consumer of the device .
Call it the Big Green Buy .
The advantage of this strategy is that it is something Obama can do right now , without waiting for Congressional approval to act .
As such , it amounts to a real test of his will to make progress in the fight against climate change .
Consider this : altogether federal , state and local government constitute more than 38 percent of our GDP .
Allow that to sink in for a moment .
The federal government will spend $ 3.6 trillion this year .
In more concrete terms , Uncle Sam owns or leases more than 430,000 buildings ( mostly large office buildings ) and 650,000 vehicles .
The federal government is the world ’s largest consumer of energy and vehicles , and the nation ’s largest greenhouse gas emitter .
Add state and local government activity , and all those numbers grow by about a third again .
A redirection of government purchasing would create massive markets for clean power , electric vehicles and efficient buildings , as well as for more sustainably produced furniture , paper , cleaning supplies , uniforms , food and services .
If government bought green , it would drive down marketplace prices sufficiently that the momentum toward green tech would become self - reinforcing and spread to the private sector .
The good news is that despite our sclerotic , largely right - wing Congress , government agencies are turning toward procurement as a means to jump - start clean tech and cut emissions .
Perhaps the most important move in this direction came in October 2009 , when President Obama quietly signed Executive Order 13514 , which directs all federal agencies to " increase energy efficiency ; measure , report , and reduce their greenhouse gas emissions from direct and indirect activities ; conserve and protect water resources through efficiency , reuse , and stormwater management ; eliminate waste , recycle , and prevent pollution ; leverage agency acquisitions to foster markets for sustainable technologies and environmentally preferable materials , products , and services ; design , construct , maintain , and operate high performance sustainable buildings in sustainable locations . "
The executive order also stipulates that federal agencies immediately start purchasing 95 percent through green certified programs and achieve a 28 percent greenhouse gas reduction by 2020 .
The stimulus package passed in 2009 included $ 32.7 billion for the Energy Department to tackle climate change , and some of that money is now being dispersed to business and federal agencies .
Already some federal agencies are installing energy management systems and new solar arrays in buildings , tapping landfills to burn methane and replacing older vehicles with plug - in hybrids and soon some all - electric vehicles .
But it is the green procurement part of the executive order that is most interesting .
Government has tremendous latitude to leverage green procurement because it requires no new taxes , programs or spending , nor is it hostage to the holy grail of sixty votes in the Senate .
It is simply a matter of changing how the government buys its energy , vehicles and services .
Yes , in many cases clean tech costs more up front , but in most cases savings arrive soon afterward .
And government — because of its size — is a market mover that has already shown it can leverage money - saving deals .
Currently , the price gap relegates clean tech to boutique status : San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom owns an electric car ; SF City Hall has three electric - vehicle charging stations ; nationwide there are about 55,000 electric vehicles and 5,000 charging stations .
Groovy .
However , back on Planet America the asphalt transportation arteries are clogged with 250 million gasoline - powered vehicles sucking down an annual $ 200 –$ 300 billion worth of fuel from more than 121,000 filling stations .
Add to that the cost of heating and cooling buildings , jet travel , shipping , powering industry and the energy - gobbling servers and mainframes that are the Internet , and the US energy economy reaches a spectacular annual tab of $ 2 – $ 3 trillion .
The clean - tech price gap is partly the result of old dirty tech ’s history of subsidies ( $ 72.5 billion between 2002 and 2008 ) , but it is also the result of the massive economies of scale that the fossil fuel industry enjoys .
In other words , gas pumps and gasoline are cheaper when you buy in bulk .
Closely associated with the price gap is another concept , which clean - tech developers call the " valley of death . "
This is the time in a technology ’s life cycle when capital dries up , the time between a technology ’s initial invention and its successful application as a moneymaking commodity .
A report by Ernst & Young found that a typical technological innovation — like the flatscreen TV or the cellphone — costs about $ 20 – $ 100 million to invent but about $ 1 billion to deploy at competitive prices .
Between government subsidies and capital markets , there is often enough financing available to invent new gadgets or buy into a mature and profitable business .
But there is a dearth of capital for new companies trying to cross that gap between victory in the lab and victory in the market .
Smith Electric Vehicles , of Kansas City , is one company that would benefit immensely if government started robust green procurement .
Currently Smith , the US affiliate of a British firm that has been making electric delivery trucks for eighty years , turns out about twenty units a month .
The vehicles — flatbeds , refrigerator trucks , basic box - style delivery trucks — all require components that Smith buys on the open market .
" If we could buy gear boxes in batches of a hundred rather than ten at a time , they could be cast to our specifications rather than each one machined .
That would immediately cut the cost by 30 to 40 percent , " says Smith CEO Bryan Hansel .
Similar savings would be available for other inputs like steel chassis , cabs , drive shafts , suspensions and wiring harnesses , all of which are purchased from the same suppliers used by diesel - and gas - powered vehicle makers .
In March Smith received a $ 32 million Energy Department grant that will help it offset the cost of its trucks .
But what would really give it a boost is an order of 1,000 trucks a year for the next ten years , from , say , the Defense Department or the Postal Service or the General Services Administration ( GSA ) .
If that happened , Smith ’s plans to open twenty more small manufacturing facilities around the country would shift into high gear .
" We have approached the DoD about nontactical vehicles , like trucks that are used on bases here in the US .
They bought four of our vehicles for testing .
So we ’re hopeful , " says Hansel .
The Defense Department has 160,000 nontactical vehicles , many of which are suitable for electrification .
In other respects , the military is one of the most avid adaptors of clean technology .
Of all the energy the federal government consumes , 80 percent is used by the Defense Department .
The cost of delivering fuel to forward operating areas can be as high as $ 400 a gallon , by some estimates .
And according to an Army Environmental Policy Institute report , 170 soldiers died and many more were horribly maimed just protecting fuel in combat zones during 2007 .
For purely strategic reasons the military is trying to free itself ( at least a bit ) from its clumsy and very long fossil fuel tether .
Thus the military is experimenting on a large scale with green technology .
Fort Irwin , in California , is building a 500 megawatt ( that is big ) solar power plant and is on track to become self - sufficient in electricity use within a decade .
Fort Leavenworth is undergoing an energy retrofit that a Pew report described thus : " energy efficiency improvements are made by a private - sector firm at no upfront cost to the Army , with resulting savings shared by the base and the contractor . "
The list goes on , but unfortunately most of the changes are relatively small scale .
Government procurement , particularly the military ’s , would become significantly greener if two recently introduced bills became law .
The Department of Defense Energy Security Act of 2010 , introduced by Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona , would require the department to derive a quarter of its electricity from renewable sources by 2025 .
And — good news for Smith Electric Vehicles — the bill also calls , rather ambitiously , for a full - scale conversion of the military ’s nontactical vehicle fleet to electric , hybrid or alternative - fuel vehicles by 2015 .
A similar bill , introduced by Democrat José Serrano of New York , would require the Postal Service to purchase at least 20,000 electric vehicles by 2015 .
That goal is reasonable , and the USPS is a perfect place to start , as most of its vehicles travel in loops of less than 20 miles each day and always park in the same garage .
Thus , even current battery technology is sufficient .
Many other government fleets fit the same profile : they have regular routes of less than 100 miles a day and use the same parking spot each night , so they are easy and cheaper to charge because the price of juice drops at night .
Right now a vehicle from Smith is about 20 percent more expensive than a standard gas or diesel truck .
But the cost per mile to run an electric truck is about one - third the cost per mile of a gas - or diesel - powered one .
Hansel says that with enough large orders his product will reach cost parity with dirty - tech options .
When that happens , large private - sector fleets , like UPS , FedEx , Staples and Frito - Lay , will start buying electric vehicles simply because it will be the cheaper option .
In anticipation of that day , Nissan is releasing the 2011 Leaf , a fully electric plug - in car .
It plans to make 90,000 of them .
Chevy is coming out with the Volt — 10,000 of them .
Will this first generation of EVs really have a market , and sufficient charging options ?
Who knows ?
But you can be sure they would if Big Government made the Big Green Buy .
Buildings also use lots of energy .
The US Green Building Council reports that buildings account for about 36 percent of America ’s total energy use and emit roughly the same proportion of greenhouse gases .
But if properly constructed and managed , many buildings could actually generate energy for their own use , for vehicles or to put back into the grid .
The government ’s building manager — its janitor , if you will — is the GSA .
The GSA constructs , repairs and manages federal buildings ; it buys the supplies and keeps the heat and AC on ; and it buys and maintains much of the government ’s nonmilitary vehicle fleet .
It also acts as a purchaser and contractor of sorts for most other federal agencies .
The GSA is about as dull an agency as you can imagine .
It has pocket - protector and brown shoes written all over it .
But in the age of climate change , its brief has taken on vital importance .
The implications of Executive Order 13514 have put the GSA , along with the military , at the cutting edge of the Big Green Buy .
" We ’re taking this very seriously , " says Martha Johnson , administrator of the GSA .
" We are normally sort of overlooked , but we were thrilled , really excited , when the president gave us such prominent place in his environmental strategy . "
President Bill Clinton issued four executive orders on sustainable clean procurement , but they lacked specific targets or enforcement mechanisms and thus achieved very little .
" Our progress in general in buying these products stinks , " said Dana Arnold , senior program manager at the White House Office of the Federal Environmental Executive in a recent interview with the Federal Times .
This time it may be different , and the GSA is gearing up to be the point agency in what is sometimes called Environmentally Preferable Procurement , or " green supply chain management . "
The GSA is putting up solar arrays , buying a few electric cars and hybrids , trying to produce energy at its buildings and buying renewable energy like biomass , solar and wind power , which now account for 10.8 percent of the GSA ’s federal building power supply .
It is also creating monitoring systems to track progress and keep federal agencies accountable .
The GSA ’s sustainability plan requires " a minimum of three percent renewable energy source for all competitive electricity supply contracts and requires that renewable energy be from a plant that was recently built in order to stimulate greater investment in the industry . "
The agency has reduced its own energy use by 15 percent , as measured against a 2003 baseline , and plans to reduce energy consumption in its buildings by 30 percent from that baseline by 2020 .
Already the GSA ’s building stock — mostly offices — is about 22 percent more efficient than similar private - sector buildings .
In addition , the GSA is working on cutting the amount of jet travel its workforce requires and , when possible , increasing telecommuting and home - based work .
It is also pressuring other agencies to shut off unused data centers — the USDA , for example , uses only between 10 percent and 20 percent of its total computing capacity , but its huge , largely empty servers run at 100 percent of power .
Other federal agencies , however , are lagging far behind .
" It is amazing to us to find out the low level of awareness , " says Linda Mesaros , a consultant for sustainable purchasing .
State and local governments are also moving toward green procurement , but few have been very aggressive or ambitious .
Nor are the main pieces of energy and climate legislation focusing on procurement .
The American Energy Innovation Council — which includes Bill Gates and executives from companies like Xerox , General Electric and Bank of America — is lobbying for a research plan and money and pilot programs all focused on expensive and spectacular new technology , like small fourth - generation nukes .
The plan totally ignores the Big Green Buy strategy .
Another group , the Electrification Coalition — made up of CEOs from FedEx , Nissan and PG&E — has published an ambitious 180 - page plan for converting America ’s light - duty vehicle fleet to 75 percent electric miles by 2040 .
It also calls for radically upgrading America ’s old , overburdened , semi- deregulated and thus chaotic electrical grid , which loses about twice as much power in transmission as it did in the 1970s .
The EC is lobbying hard and has helped shape the Electric Drive Vehicle Deployment Act of 2010 , legislation being championed by Representative Ed Markey .
But again , neither Markey ’s staff nor the EC is comfortable demanding the Big Green Buy .
" We do n’t think that is the best approach " was all I could get from a Markey staffer .
Instead , the EC proposes a Rube Goldberg–style scheme of geographic target areas that will receive multiple layers of consumer and industry tax credits and tax breaks — $ 7 billion total .
That may sound big , but in the face of the climate crisis it is Lilliputian .
This approach is emblematic of the intellectual poverty of the political class and business elites .
The bill is entirely too clever for its own good , painfully complicated in its tinkering instrumentalism , which in the end would do very little and do it too late , like an impoverished family scrounging for dinner money on the eve of their eviction .
And the Electric Drive Vehicle Deployment
Act will be red meat to the climate deniers and fiscal hawks .
You can almost hear the derision now : if yuppies in Berkeley want to drive funny new plug - in cars , why do we have to pay for it ?
Viewed broadly , there are four simple things the government can do to help close the clean - technology price gap and aid clean - tech business across the valley of death .
First , it can boost R&D as Gates has requested , but that alone wo n’t bring mass - scale green power on line .
Second , it can set up a Green Bank tasked with financing clean - tech businesses as they cross the valley of death .
Along with loans , the government can offer more loan guarantees , which encourage otherwise frightened private capital to invest in clean - energy start - ups .
The Waxman - Markey climate bill of last year included language to do that , but nothing like it is yet law .
Third , the government can impose mandates on the private sector requiring companies to adopt electric vehicles , purchase clean energy and conserve energy .
Industry already lives with numerous rules that put limits on the anarchy of production .
Yet in the crazy world of American politics circa 2010 , forcing green procurement mandates on business would be very difficult .
So let ’s get real .
The fourth path is the best : a robust program of green procurement is the most immediate and politically feasible thing government can do to boost the clean - tech sector .
And the only number that approaches the scale of the energy economy is government spending on energy .
We need to be talking not about millions or billions but trillions of dollars going in a new direction .
If the government is serious about electric vehicles — then just buy them already !
At one level , the mad Tea Partyers are correct : government is leviathan — a monster .
But it is our monster , and with proper leadership even this government in the current climate could jump - start a clean - energy revolution .
Seeeduino v2.2 ( Atmega 328 )
The latest version of Seeeduino , with many new features and improvement .
Regular price : $ 27.5 Sale price : $ 18
Availability QTY : 10
http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/seeeduino-v22-atmega-328p-p-669.html?cPath=79_80
Seeeduino Mega
Seeeduino Mega is a microntrolller board based on ATmega1280 , derived from Arduino Mega with changes in pursuit for small form factor , flexibility and functionality .
It has 70 digital input / output pins ( of which 14 can be used as PWM outputs ) , 16 analog inputs , 4 UARTs ( hardware serial ports ) , a 16 MHz crystal oscillator , a USB connection , a power jack , an ICSP header , and a reset button .
It contains everything needed to support the microcontroller ; simply connect it to a computer with a USB cable or power it with a AC - to - DC adapter or battery to get started .
Seeeduino Mega is compatible with most shields designed for the Arduino Duemilanove or Diecimila , also share accessories with Seeeduino family .
Regular price : $ 49.5 Sale price : $ 35
Availability QTY : 10
http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/seeeduino-mega-fully-assembled-p-438.html?cPath=79_80
Seeeduino Stalker – Atmega 168
Seeeduino Stalker is an extensive Wireless Sensor Network node , with native data logging features and considered modular structure .
It could be conveniently used as sensor hub or integrated data collector for monitoring , tracking and etc .
Regular price : $ 35 Sale price : $ 25
Availability QTY : 10
http://www.seeedstudio.com/depot/seeeduino-stalker-atmega-168-p-639.html?cPath=79_80
P.S This promotion will available on Saturday and Sunday .
Please follow and like us :
As Trump Targets the Press , His White House Is Screening a Journalism Tribute
While President Trump ramps up his attacks on the news media , the White House is set to screen two movies .
One is about journalism .
The other is about P.T. Barnum .
BP Develops Technology to Convert Lies into Energy
‘ Totally Renewable Resource , ’ Says CEO
LONDON ( The Borowitz Report ) –
In what is being called a game - changer for the embattled oil company , British Petroleum announced today that it has developed a new technology to convert lies into energy .
At a press conference at corporate headquarters in London , BP CEO Tony Hayward said that environmentalists would embrace the new technology “ because lies are a totally renewable resource . ”
Illustrating the impact of BP ’s new technology , Mr. Hayward told reporters , “ Over the past month alone , my words could power the city of London for a year . ”
But the new technology has its skeptics , including the University of Minnesota ’s Davis Logsdon , who warns of the dangers of “ lie spills . ”
“ We have learned from recent BP press conferences that once the lie flow starts , it can be very hard to stop , ” he says .
SACRAMENTO — Imagine :
At a time when California is lurching from crisis to crisis , a legislator has an idea to make life better .
He puts together a bill , gathers support and shepherds it into law .
If only Sacramento worked like that .
Instead , it often works like this :
A lobbyist has an idea to make life better — but only for his client .
The lobbyist writes the bill , shops for a willing lawmaker to introduce it and lines up the support .
The legislator ?
He has to do little more than show up and vote .
This is the path of the “ sponsored bill , ” a method of lawmaking little noticed outside California ’s capital but long favored on the inside .
In many states lobbyists influence legislators ; in California , they have — quite baldly — taken center stage in lawmaking .
Although lawmakers in recent years have routinely failed to grapple with health care , the state budget and other matters of public interest , they ’ve managed to do the bidding of the private interests who tout sponsored bills at an impressive clip .
A Mercury News analysis found that in 2007 - 08 , the most recent complete two - year legislative session , more than 1,800 bills — about 39 percent of the total — were sponsored by outside interests .
And those sponsored bills made up 60 percent of the legislation that was passed into law .
This is how plumbing manufacturers ensured that industry - friendly labs — and not state regulators — would conduct the testing that determines whether drinking faucets sold in California are lead - free .
This is how a Los Angeles County billionaire crushed a legal challenge over whether his plans for a new football stadium violated the state ’s long - standing environmental protection law .
Recalling his first encounters with lobbyists seeking legislative backing for their bills , former Assemblyman Joe Canciamilla said , “ It ’s like being in a Middle Eastern bazaar .
You are surrounded by hawkers saying , ‘ Take this one , no , take this one , no , I ’ve got a better one over here . ’
The openness of that — the ‘ oh yeah , that ’s the way things are done ’ attitude — was the most shocking . ”
Legislators , continued Pittsburg funeral home director Canciamilla , “ are supposed to be the buffer between the interest groups and the public — and that buffer no longer exists .
Now , they ’re a direct conduit . ”
The Mercury News analysis , the first ever undertaken of sponsored bills in California , revealed :
Sponsored bills swamp the Legislature .
They amounted to 42 percent of the bills introduced in the Assembly and a third of the Senate bills .
Profit - seeking bills abound .
While advocacy groups , trade associations and government agencies also sponsor legislation , more than 500 of the sponsored bills introduced in the 2007 - 08 session came from private industries and industry trade groups , often seeking to increase market share , repel regulations or limit lawsuits .
Sponsored bills succeed .
Almost half of the 1,883 bills that were sponsored in the last session became law ; about one in five of the 2,982 bills that had no listed sponsor became law .
Everybody does it .
Out of 122 legislators who served at least partial terms in 2007 - 08 , just one — Sen .
Tom McClintock , R - Thousand Oaks — refused to introduce any sponsored bills .
Democrats introduced more sponsored bills than Republicans , but Republicans introduced a larger percentage of bills sponsored by private interests .
Lobbyists have long been known in California as the Third House , referring to their entrenched status alongside the Legislature ’s two official houses , the Assembly and Senate .
But through interviews with current and former legislators and aides , as well as lobbyists and outside government experts , the Mercury News documented a changed pattern : Today , lobbyists function almost as a shadow legislature , pulling the strings at every turn for short - term lawmakers who have become accustomed to letting private interests monopolize the public debate .
At the center of this reality is the sponsored bill .
” You do n’t learn this in American civics class , ” said Derek Cressman , a regional director for the nonpartisan group Common Cause .
“ You do n’t learn that some interest group drafts this and gives it to a legislator along with a contribution and says , ‘ We would like a law introduced . ’ ”
Cressman said the result is that “ organizations with deep financial pockets can present their issues to the Legislature , and those that do n’t are in essence invisible . ”
James Wedick goes further .
Now retired , Wedick was the lead undercover FBI agent who established a phony shrimp processing company in California in 1985 , then documented lawmakers taking bribes to support a sponsored bill crafted to help his fake business .
The FBI ’s sting operation known as Shrimpscam landed five legislators in prison but — he concedes — had little long - term effect .
“ It ’s been going on forever and it lends itself to corrupting the whole process , ” Wedick said of sponsored bills .
“ The whole process has been hijacked . ”
Maneuvers at midnight
Here ’s one example of how sponsored bills hijack the process of lawmaking — allowing private agendas to overwhelm the public interest .
In 2007 , the Legislature took up a bill to authorize the spending of a $ 2.8 billion affordable housing bond approved in a voter referendum .
The bill initially sought to ensure that projects would be efficient and geographically diverse , and that they would reduce homelessness .
But at the urging of a lobbyist for the sports and entertainment giant Anschutz Entertainment Group , a different , sponsored version of the bill suddenly appeared — amid a flurry of bills on the last days of the legislative session .
Several legislators whose names were attached to the bill dropped off , leaving only Assembly Speaker Fabian Nuñez , D - Los Angeles , as legislative backer of the amended bill .
It cleared the Senate after midnight , and the Assembly at 3:26 a.m .
Hugh Bower , the lead staff member of the Assembly Committee on Housing and Community Development , was stunned when the bill came up that night ; he had been told the issue was dead .
There was such chaos , Bower recalls , that one committee member still thought the next day that the amended bill had died .
What was Anschutz ’s interest ?
Its version of the bill allowed some affordable housing funds to be used for parks , landscaping and fancy sidewalks in the neighborhood around the company - owned Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles .
Anschutz insisted its changes would let any “ Business Improvement District ” — a specially created association of property owners and government agencies — apply for the funds .
But only the district near the Staples Center did , receiving the maximum award of $ 30 million , according to state housing officials .
Christine Minnehan , director of legislative advocacy for the Western Center on Law and Poverty , lamented the award , saying many affordable housing projects were awarded less than half that amount .
She called the outcome “ a theft of public funds , and a deception of the voters . ”
A California tradition
For as long as anyone now in Sacramento can remember , the California Legislature has identified outside parties pushing bills .
Legislative historians asked by the Mercury News to research the practice say it dates to at least the 1940s .
Officials in some other states , told of California ’s practice , greeted it as an admirable form of public disclosure .
In Mississippi “ there is no mention of groups who support the bill , even if they drafted the bill and requested a legislator to sponsor it , ” said Barbara Powell , lobbyist for Common Cause Mississippi .
Jane Pinsky , director of the North Carolina Coalition for Lobbying & Government Reform , said , “ We really have no transparency on who is behind legislation in North Carolina . ”
But in California , it is quite clear that full disclosure has reinforced the system of sponsorship , legitimizing the influence of special interests .
Where other states , and the U.S. Congress , use the term “ sponsor ” to mean the legislators who carry the bill , in California the term refers to the outside party ; the legislator who introduces the bill is called the “ author . ”
“ Author is really a misnomer because the real author is the special interest group , ” said Keith Richman , a health care executive and former Republican assemblyman from Granada Hills .
“ Essentially , the legislators are simply prostituting . ”
Many legislators say they take only ideas and guidance from sponsors , but maintain control over the bill .
“ Our job is to be deliberative and have our legislative hat on so we can make good judgments , ” insisted Sen .
Leland Yee , D - San Francisco , one of the leading authors of privately sponsored bills .
But dozens of interviews inside and outside the capital reveal that legislators have often surrendered their role .
Lobbyists working on behalf of sponsors craft original bill language .
They write fact sheets for legislators and their staff .
They even write the speeches lawmakers deliver on the floor extolling bills .
“ It ’s common knowledge that the floor statements are written by lobbyists , ” said lobbyist Jackson Gualco , previously a special assistant to former Assembly Speaker Willie Brown .
“ Some staff members change it , other times it ’s word for word . ”
Lobbyists solicit votes , suggest and evaluate amendments , and seek to win support from the governor ’s office .
When the legislator who introduced the bill goes to committee hearings to present and defend the proposed legislation , the lobbyists and sponsors typically sit alongside , and often commandeer the proceedings .
The legislator “ may get a question that he ’s not prepared for because he ’s not as knowledgeable about the issue as I am , ” said one lobbyist who represents many private interests .
“ I may nudge his knee a bit or lift my left hand up on the table rather than having him answer a question incorrectly . ”
Commonly , the lobbyist added , he lets the legislator know “ I ’d like to answer the questions . ”
Help for the 49ers
The Mercury News analysis identified outside sponsors for 39 percent of bills introduced in the last session .
But that does not capture the complete number .
Official disclosure of the sponsors is left to the legislative committees and their staffs .
Most committee analyses explicitly list the sponsors , but some , like the Senate Local Government Committee , do not .
And sometimes — even when a bill clearly benefits a private party — legislators describe the ideas as their own .
That was the case with Senate Bill 43 , introduced last July by Sen.
Elaine Alquist , D - Santa Clara , to assist the San Francisco 49ers in their effort to build a $ 937 million publicly subsidized football stadium in Santa Clara .
The team was frustrated that the city ’s charter required them to put the contract to build the stadium out for competitive bid .
Alquist ’s bill exempted the stadium from the bid mandate .
Alquist said she came up with the idea herself .
That surprised some local officials : “ It ’s hard for me to believe the 49ers did n’t go in and ask for this bill , ” said Santa Clara Councilman William Kennedy , a stadium opponent .
What ’s more , city staff said the team had mentioned during negotiations that it might turn to the Legislature for help .
“ I have no idea what the 49ers said to people at City Hall , ” Alquist said , explaining that she simply wanted to help expedite the process .
“ I had nothing to do with that . ”
Whatever the bill ’s origin , the 49ers became the driving force .
The team spent $ 73,779 on lobbyists who schmoozed the governor and the Legislature on the bill , according to reports filed with the secretary of state .
The bill sailed through both houses , although legislative staffers cautioned of “ a bad precedent , ” noting that 125 - year - old “ competitive bidding requirements exist to prevent favoritism , corruption and waste of public money . ”
Bills for profit
Outside sponsorship breeds success ; sponsored bills are far more likely than bills without sponsors to become law .
The Mercury News analysis shows that success was especially likely when the bills were sponsored by businesses and industry groups .
Almost half of those bills ended up signed by the governor — a far higher percentage than bills that had no sponsor .
For the 2007 - 08 legislative session , 177 of the 347 bills sponsored by private interests that were introduced in the Assembly — 51 percent — were passed into law .
In contrast , 326 of 1,793 bills introduced in the Assembly that had no sponsor — or 18 percent — became law .
On the Senate side , the disparity was modestly smaller .
About 43 percent of the bills introduced on behalf of private - interest sponsors in the last session became law ; 24 percent of Senate bills that were introduced without a sponsor became law .
Peter Detwiler , who as the longtime staff director of the Senate Local Government Committee is one of Sacramento ’s most seasoned bill analysts , said the findings demonstrate the power outsiders have gained as legislators arrive in office facing a ticking clock on their terms in office .
“ In a term - limited legislative environment , the attention goes to those who can focus attention narrowly on a topic or interest , ” Detwiler said .
Private vs. public
The narrow purpose of a sponsored bill is rarely a secret in the Capitol ; the committee analyses make sure of that .
Those analyses , written by legislative staff , often bluntly note that the legislation has a private rather than public benefit .
And while at times those warnings help to defeat the bills , other times the legislators approve them — and insist they have done the right thing .
Consider these examples from the 2007 - 08 session .
When the PowerFlare Corporation of Atherton sponsored a bill to require that electronic roadside beacons replace all standard flares now in use by the state Highway Patrol , the bill was pitched as a way to enhance motorists ’ safety .
But the bill analysis noted that it would “ significantly increase demand for electronic beacons , which are manufactured by the sponsor of the bill , ” and that the cost to the taxpayers of replacing flares with beacons would be high .
The bill died in committee .
When MySpace sponsored a bill bolstering its ability to prevent individuals with certain criminal records from using its site , it extolled the legislation as a way to keep children safe from sexual predators on the Internet .
But nestled in the bill was a provision that would have given the online social networking site broad immunity from lawsuits as a result of its efforts to restrict access .
A committee analyst wrote that the bill “ raises troubling issues of manipulation of the legislative process to protect the financial and business interests of corporate entities , under the thin guise of providing additional tools to law enforcement . ”
The bill passed the Assembly , but later died in the Senate .
And when the Plumbing Manufacturers Institute sponsored a bill giving labs reliant on industry funding the authority to test drinking faucets and fountains , it promised the system would better protect Californians from lead in their drinking water .
But a committee consultant characterized the plumbing group ’s intention as “ a not - so - subtle process for subverting what legislators thought they were enacting ” — a way to protect the public from a harmful substance .
Despite protests from more than 50 public health and consumer organizations , the bill was signed into law in September 2008 .
Sen . Ron Calderon , D - Montebello , who introduced the bill , said in an interview that he has “ no concerns ” with the industry overseeing testing .
“ As a matter of fact , I believe the problem with regulatory boards in general is that they do n’t recruit or appoint enough people from the industry that they regulate . ”
Calderon received $ 13,900 from the institute and member faucet makers during the 2007 - 08 term .
Some observers argue these private interest bills do , ultimately , benefit at least a portion of the public .
Thad Kousser , associate professor of political science at UC San Diego , said legislators who introduce sponsored bills on behalf of industries are doing exactly what they are sent to Sacramento to do : represent the interests of their district .
“ What better way , ” he asked , to help “ the employers of their constituents ? ”
But former state senator McClintock , the sole legislator who did not introduce a single sponsored bill in the last session , argues that constituents ’ interests have little to do with it .
McClintock , now a congressman , said : “ It ’s a general rule that sponsors are bureaucracies seeking more power , or companies seeking more money . ”
In a system where more bills fail than succeed , critics complain that many of the proposed laws are harmful even when they fail because they further clog an overloaded Legislature .
Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg said in a speech this session that the state has become a “ bill factory , ” with too many unnecessary bills proposed and too little analysis of the impact of bills already passed .
Treasurer Bill Lockyer , a former legislator , put it more bluntly at one recent hearing : “ There ’s too much junk . ”
Everyone ’s a sponsor
As the influence of lobbyists has grown , plenty of groups , in addition to private companies and industry organizations , have taken up sponsoring bills .
Unions do it .
Government agencies do it .
Environmental groups do it .
“ We sponsor bills and I ’m very proud of them , ” said Sierra Club California director Bill Magavern .
The Sierra Club , for instance , was co-sponsor of a bill that revamped the process for recycling and disposing of mercury - tainted thermostats .
“ There ’s nothing wrong with sponsored bills conceptually , ” said Assemblyman Jared Huffman , D - San Rafael , who introduced 25 sponsored bills last session , seven of them sponsored by private interests .
“ There are lots of sponsors from the Sierra Club to the oil and gas industry — and everyone in between who think up good ideas and bring them to legislators every year . ”
Huffman is one of many legislators who argue that not all sponsored bills are created evil .
But even if liberals might applaud sponsored environmental legislation , and conservatives might cheer bills from the California District Attorneys Association , government experts say these efforts have the same problems as the more brazen pursuits of the Anschutz Entertainment Group .
Lawmaking is supposed to involve a balancing of competing interests in the public good :
Make the regulation tight enough to protect the environment , for example , but not so tight that it squelches economic activity .
But when an interest group writes a bill , there is no such balance .
Only its interest is represented .
“ It ’s undemocratic to have interest groups writing legislation , ” said Dorie Apollonio , assistant professor at UC San Francisco ’s School of Pharmacy and an expert on influence peddling .
“ If we ’re unhappy with what legislators are doing , we throw the bums out , ” she said , in contrast to lobbyists who do not answer to the public .
But in Sacramento today , some legislators say they ’ve become dependent upon the role assumed by lobbyists .
When state Sen. Mark Leno , D - San Francisco , carried a bill last year to ban the use of toxic flame retardants in children ’s products , he faced opposition from the powerful American Chemical Council .
The help of bill sponsor Friends of the Earth was critical , he said .
“ The chemical industry lobbyists can be in 10 member offices simultaneously while I ’m going to offices one at a time , ” he said .
“ So a lot of it comes down to math — a good sponsor is of value . ”
Other legislators depend on sponsors for technical support as well as political skills .
And so the Sierra Club ’s Magavern finds himself crafting bill language , providing legislators ’ talking points and cajoling support for votes — not out of preference , but out of necessity .
“ There still are some staffers that do some of that , but that number has declined , ” Magavern added .
“ More and more , sponsors are expected to do most of the work . ”
Mercury News news research director Leigh Poitinger , former staff writer Edwin Garcia and intern Sarah Yokubaitis contributed to this report .
* Fed pares back economic outlook
* Weak retail sales , Fed expectations boost bonds
* 30 - year auction met with solid demand ( Updates prices )
NEW YORK , July 14 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Treasuries climbed on Wednesday as weak retail sales data and a pared - back economic outlook from the Federal Reserve boosted demand for safe - haven debt .
Treasuries extended gains in the afternoon after members of the U.S. central bank said in the minutes from their June policy meeting that they should be ready to consider additional steps to boost the economy if a softening outlook takes a noticeable turn for the worse .
For details see [ ID : nN14148574 ]
Early price gains had already been extended after an auction of $ 13 billion of reopened 30 - year bonds was met with comparatively solid demand .
The Fed “ lowered the projections for some key economic variables , ” said Ward McCarthy , chief financial economist at Jefferies & Co in New York , adding “ at this ( June ) meeting they were starting to discuss some options that they may take if the economy were to appear to be headed for another recession .
“ It suggests that rates are going to stay low for a long time and if necessary the Fed will try to conjure up some other ways to support the economy , ” McCarthy said .
Data early in the day established the market ’s bullish tone .
Sales at U.S. retailers fell for a second month in June , bringing safe - haven assets such as Treasuries into favor .
[ ID :nN14122226 ]
U.S. benchmark 10 - year Treasury notes US10YT=RR traded 21/32 higher in price to yield 3.05 percent , breaking below key market resistance at 3.06 percent and down from 3.12 percent late on Tuesday .
The government ’s 30 - year bond auction on Wednesday was the last of this week ’s $ 69 billion in coupon debt sales .
The first two auctions attracted poor demand from investors wary of the low yields offered , although buyers stepped up for Wednesday ’s auction .
“ Everything about it was a good auction .
There were definitely concerns going into it just because of its place so far out on the yield curve , ” said Mary Ann Hurley , vice president of fixed - income trading at D.A. Davidson & Co in Seattle .
The 30 - year bond US30YT=RR traded up 1-11/32 in price , yielding 4.03 percent versus Tuesday 's 4.11 percent .
Investors are watching to see if stocks can build on their recovery from recent lows during this earnings season , which could lead to a reversal of the cash flow to safe - haven assets in recent months .
More data like Wednesday ’s retail sales report would not help a revival in appetite for risky assets , however .
“ I think there is just enough uncertainty around that is keeping a bid in bonds , ” said Kim Rupert , managing director of global fixed - income analysis at Action Economics LLC in San Francisco .
Expectations the Fed will hold benchmark interest rates at their current level near zero for the foreseeable future gave a significant boost to the short end of the Treasury curve .
Two - year Treasury notes US2YT=RR traded 4/32 higher in price to yield 0.61 percent , the lowest in over a week and down from 0.67 percent late on Tuesday .
The notes were on track for the biggest daily dip in yield in nearly six weeks .
( Additional reporting by Burton Frierson ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
On Tuesday , Intel demonstrated the world ’s first practical data connection using silicon photonics - a 50 gigabit per second optical data connection built around an electrically pumped hybrid silicon laser .
They achieved the 50 gigabit /s data rate by multiplexing 4 12.5 gigabit /s wavelengths into one fiber - wavelength division multiplexing .
Intel dubbed its demo the “ 50G Silicon Photonics Link . ”
Fiber optic data transmission is n’t anything new - it ’s the core of what makes the internet as we know it today possible .
What makes Intel ’s demonstration unique is that they ’ve fabricated the laser primarily out of a low - cost , mass - produceable , highly understood material - silicon .
For years , chip designers and optical scientists alike have dreamt about the possibilities of merging traditional microelectronics and photonics .
Superficially , one would expect it to be easy - after all , both fundamentally deal with electromagnetic waves , just at different frequencies ( MHz and GHz for microelectronics , THz for optics ) .
On one side , microelectronics deals with integrated circuits and components such as transistors , copper wires , and the massively understood and employed CMOS manufacturing process .
It ’s the backbone of microprocessors , and at the core of conventional computing today .
Conversely , photonics employs - true to its name - photons , the basic unit of light .
Silicon photonics is the use of optical systems that use silicon as the primary optical medium , instead of other more expensive optical materials .
Eventually , photonics has the potential to supplant microelectronics with optical analogues of traditional electrical components - but that ’s decades away .
Until recently , successfully integrating the two was a complex balance of manufacturing and leveraging photonics only when it was feasible .
Material constraints have made photonics effective primarily as a long haul means of getting data from point to point .
To a larger extent , this has made sense because copper traces on motherboards have been fast enough , but we ’re getting closer and closer to the limit .
Assuming you resisted the temptation to either root your Hero or update it with the recently leaked 2.1 firmware , this is your very first chance to finally slap a dash of Android future on your senescent device .
Sprint has at long last made the update available , though it is n't quite yet ready to download from its site .
Fear not , the good folks behind the yellow network have put together a guide on upgrading through your phone and we 'll link up the download as soon as it's ready for consumption .
Time to start enjoying that Google Maps Navigation magic and all the other goodies constituting Eclair 's delectable filling .
Update :
It 's now available direct from HTC 's website , as well as Sprint 's own site .
Thanks , all !
[ Thanks , Jonathan ]
If Portsmouth thought that things could hardly get any worse for them after going into administration , being relegated from the Premier League and having a transfer embargo imposed upon them , they were sorely mistaken .
A disastrous pre-season tour of North America concluded yesterday with a 4 - 0 thrashing inflicted by DC United in which the English side had to borrow kit to clad their patchwork team of youth players and senior pros after losing their luggage during a lightning - storm affected , 27 - hour journey , in which they spent much of that time in transit at an hotel near Chicago airport .
Portsmouth's two - week trip to the States has been dogged with almost farcical problems .
So limited are the club 's player reserves that more than half of their squad in the US had never played a first team game for the side before the tour , leaving the manager Steve Cotterill with little option but to field youth players .
Their initial journey from England to their first game in San Diego took 42 hours after a connecting flight was cancelled , leaving the squad stranded in Chicago .
Then , after they had travelled to Canada – where , against Edmonton , Cotterill had a back five made up of three second - year professionals and two triallists – two players had to be sent home with injuries , including a suspected broken leg for the goalkeeper Jon Stewart .
Cotterill must have been hoping his luck would change .
However his squad were then stranded in Chicago once again as a storm grounded their plane from Edmonton to Washington .
When they eventually arrived for Saturday 's game against DC United , they did so having had just four hours sleep and without being able to train for three days .
" The time it took us to get here , we could have flown to Australia , " said the furious manager .
The club 's midfielder Michael Brown added : " After a cancelled plane the boys got up at three in the morning to get another plane that was then delayed which meant we got to Washington just a few hours before the game . "
Worse was to come , though .
During the flight , 14 of their bags went missing – including the one containing their kit .
After being forced to borrow DC United 's change kit , they then strode out on to the pitch to find the temperature was 38C ( 100 F ) , the hottest day of the year in the the US capital so far .
" The temperature at the stadium was unbelievable , " said Brown .
" The lads all lost 4kgs .
That tells you how hot it was .
It was very humid .
We came from Edmonton , where it was n't too hot , straight to this .
But , just like throughout the two weeks , we 've had to deal with it . "
Once on the pitch , the situation – almost unbelievably – worsened .
The goalkeeper Jamie Ashdown , fighting to earn a new contract , injured himself as he collided with his team - mate Joel Ward and had to be substituted .
Then , as the heat rose , tempers flared .
Hayden Mullins was sent off after getting into an argument with DC United 's Santino Quaranta .
Quaranta himself was also dismissed after appearing to spit at Mullins , before a second player for the US team , Julius James , was also sent off in the last minute .
" I can't believe he 's been allowed to officiate a game , " said Cotterill of the referee .
" I 've never seen anything like it in my life . "
The result hardly seemed important after Portsmouth 's tribulations .
In the event , they were sunk by a hat - trick from the Australian veteran Danny Allsopp .
" Probably that result summed up the tour for us really – it has been extremely tough , " said Cotterill .
He added : " We were OK for 20 minutes against DC United , but after that we were shot .
The next 70 minutes were very painful and hard for the players .
" The one thing about this result is that it 's shown the position we 're in .
It 's painful .
We 've got some good honest senior lads here and some youngsters who are trying their hardest .
The kids have got to be at full tilt to be anywhere near the team , and we 're going to be playing in a mans ' league in a couple of weeks ' time . "
For many , GoldenEye was the turning point for first - person shooters on consoles , and in many ways defined the Nintendo 64 - era of gaming .
Since then , publishers and developers have n't been able to capture the same magic of Rare 's original .
So what do you do ?
You remake it , apparently .
According to a leaked survey , Activision will be releasing a new version of GoldenEye for the Wii , " developed from the ground up " to take " advantage of the latest technology to deliver the same intense experience with today 's graphics and physics . "
The title will supposedly " modernize " the classic story , placing Daniel Craig in the role of Bond .
The survey suggests that many ( if not all ) of the originals areas from the N64 title will return , along with its weapons and four - player split - screen .
The game will reportedly support 8 - player online matches , as well .
A potential golden Wii Remote shell , as well as a golden Classic controller , were also hinted at in the survey .
Following this survey leak , Eurogamer has received word that Eurocom ( responsible for the N64 Bond outing , The World is Not Enough ) will be developing the title , along with n-Space .
GoldenEye for Wii , along with an Nintendo DS title of the same name , is said to be revealed at this year 's E3 .
Activision GoldenEye game in November [ Eurogamer ]
RUMOR - Survey points to Activision 's GoldenEye title as a remake of the N64 classic , complete with Wiimote shells [ GoNintendo ]
Best Buy has Express Kiosks at a number of airports .
3 in my local airport .
What I would like to see incorporated into the Best Buy web site or as its own site is something dedicated to the Kiosks .
Showing their locations and what individual machines carry .
Not necessary a guarantee of an item being in stock but the fact that this or that machine carries this item .
Now it would also be great if it could be included in the app .
Example .
I was traveling to a different city for a business conference .
I needed a jump drive .
I picked on up at the Best Buy Kiosk in Minneapolis Airport .
What would be slick if if your in that situation and you can pre-purchase the item from your phone and then pick it up at the kiosk on your way through the airport .
Here 's a subtle distinction , and one that is immediately recognisable .
It 's the difference between being useful to your friend , and feeling used by your friend .
All friends like to be useful .
You 're only too happy to feed your friend 's cat while they 're on holiday , or to help them when they move into a new flat .
You offer the help as a gift .
It 's elicited by the quality of the friendship .
They , too , will offer you gifts in return .
But help with the cat or flat is very different from offering you a service .
Services are not elicited , they are advertised , ordered and bought .
If a friend treats you like that , you rapidly cease to feel useful , for you 've already started to feel used .
Feeling useful is a means by which friendships flourish .
Feeling used is a means by which friendships end .
So , I suspect that the new Rent a " Friend " website – through which you can hire someone to be a companion or partner ( strictly platonic : yeah , right ) – is misnamed , misleading and , should you use it to find friendship , a mistake .
It 's true that friends exchange goods .
Common definitions of friendship say as much .
A friend provides a shoulder to cry on , or a word of truth , or is someone who will just be there .
It 's also true that you can hire people to perform services for you and , with luck , they will do so in a friendly manner .
Think , say , of the money you might pay a counsellor or psychoanalyst .
And think again .
For it 's the very artificiality of the relationship , signalled by the money , that means you can use the person to listen to you .
They will absorb anything you care to utter , and they 'll tell you hardly a thing about themselves .
While friendly , it 's not friendship .
Hence , you call them your shrink , not your friend .
It 's obvious that friendship is throttled by cash .
Ask anyone who 's worked for a friend .
Or speak to someone else whose friend suddenly became wealthy .
The problem is money 's very genius .
It is too brilliant a way of setting the price .
Once caught in its nexus , it inevitably makes you hypersensitive to whether or not you 're getting your money 's worth .
That 's essential when buying a car .
It 's poison when seeking friendship , which is why Rent a Friend is insidious .
Or put it this way .
Price is a perfectly sensible factor to consider when buying strawberry punnets at the supermarket .
But friends are different .
They are I - thou relationships , as Martin Buber put it , not I - it , as the financial assessment sees them .
Turn an I - thou into an I - it , and you kill what you had stone dead .
It 's companionship by cost - benefit analysis .
My " friends " are the service providers in my optimised life .
There are surely commentators who will tell you the opposite .
We 've learnt that money can , in fact , buy us love , they might argue .
After all , does not your socio- economic background tell you far more about your likely marriage - partner than pretty much any other characteristic you care to mention ?
So , too , with friendship , they might continue .
It 's never been free anyway .
Rent a Friend is just making that fact explicit .
But it is n't .
Rather , it repeats the confusion between being useful and being used , between offering a gift and buying a service .
What 's worrying about the new website is that it reflects an instrumental way of thinking about personal relationships that is already pervasive .
You see it in the explanations of evolutionary psychology , say , such as the idea that we 're wired for 150 friends , or that altruism is really selfishness in disguise .
As a piece of science , debate it .
As a prescription for life , dump it .
For the true nature of friendship is different .
It 's caught well by Ralph Waldo Emerson : " The only way to have a friend is to be one . "
So here 's a radical idea .
Just give , and do n't count the cost .
It 's an indictment of our times that the astonishing act is one which is offered as a gift , and for no other reason than because it 's good .
Starting to feel a little overwhelmed by the mighty mountain of coolness at this year v10 _medium " alt =
" What you ca n't miss at Comic Con 2010 " title =
" What you ca n't miss at Comic Con 2010 " />
Wednesday
Preview Night starts at 3:00 p.m. in the mighty San Diego Convention Center .
If your pass allows you to enter , it 's a great way to be the first on the floor !
Advertisement
Special Sneak Peek Pilot Screenings
Check out a never before seen TV pilot for The CW 's Nikita , along with a few other clips from new shows .
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 6:00 - 9:00
Thursday
Advertisement
Megamind -
Superhero Brad Pitt and evil villain Will Ferrell fight over spunky reporter Tina Fey , in full CG animated 3 - D glory .
Check out the new villain you 're going to love to hate at Dreamworks ' SDCC panel .
Where : Hall H
When : 10:00 - 11:00
DC Comics Writers Unite !-
This panel features special guests Paul Levitz ( Legion of Super - Heroes ) , Dennis O'Neil ( Batman , The Question ) , and J. Michael Straczynski ( Superman , Wonder Woman ) , along with Gail Simone ( Birds of Prey , Secret Six ) , Judd Winick ( Justice League : Generation Lost , Power Girl ) , and moderator James Robinson ( Starman , Justice League of America ) .
Where : Room 6DE
When : 10:15 - 11:15
Advertisement
THE TRON LEGACY PANEL -
Walt Disney Pictures is pleased to present a special insider look at the upcoming TRON : Legacy .
Panelists include filmmakers and talent from the film : director Joe Kosinski , producers Sean Bailey and Steven Lisberger , and cast members Jeff Bridges , Garrett Hedlund , Olivia Wilde , Michael Sheen , and Bruce Boxleitner .
The discussion , moderated by Patton Oswalt , is set to include exclusive glimpses of the film , as well as a Q&A involving all panel participants , along with special surprise guests .
We hope it 's Sark .
Where : Hall H
When : 11:15 -12:45
CBLDF Master Session : Paul Pope : Inking with Speed and Precision -
Paul Pope became an art icon by building unforgettable characters and worlds with his fearlessly fluid and singular line art .
Each of his pages appears to be tightly composed but rapidly executed .
Bring your sketchbooks and learn the secrets of a fast , but precise approach to inking at this CBLDF Master Session .
The original art from the session will be auctioned off on Saturday night in the CBLDF 's Art Auction .
Where : Room 30CDE
When : 12:00 - 1:00
Advertisement
Sci-Fi That Will Change Your Life -
What makes sci - fi great , other than awesome explosions and hot aliens ?
Sometimes it makes you reimagine your place in the universe .
Join io9.com staff and friends as they recommend sci- fi from the past year that will entertain you — and then change your life .
Panelists include io9 staff writers Annalee Newitz , Charlie Jane Anders , Meredith Woerner , and Cyriaque Lamar , plus io9 pals Marc Bernardin ( The Authority , The Highwaymen ) , Bonnie Burton ( StarWars.com ) , and Douglas Wolk ( Reading Comics ) .
Be there or be squared .
Where : Room 7AB
When : 12:30 - 1:30
Spotlight on Charlaine Harris-
Author and Comic - Con special guest Charlaine Harris gathered a huge fan base with her novels and stories featuring her characters mystery - solving librarian Aurora Teagarden ; Shakespeare , Arkansas resident Lily Bard ; and the telepathic barmaid who befriends vampires , werewolves , and various other odd creatures , Sookie Stackhouse .
Once Sookie and company moved to the small screen with HBO 's True Blood , Harris entered the superstar realm .
Be a part of the very first Spotlight panel devoted to Charlaine and hear what she has to say about what comes next for Sookie and everyone else !
Where : Room 6BCF
When : 1:00 - 2:00
Advertisement
Battle : Los Angeles and Salt
Battle : Los Angeles —
When unknown forces suddenly and mercilessly attack the City of Angels out of nowhere , it 's up to a local Marine staff sergeant ( Aaron Eckhart ) and a new platoon of unseasoned soldiers to meet the threat .
As the invasion hits the streets of LA , these Marines become our first and last line of defense in an intense battle against an enemy unlike any they 've ever encountered before .
Appearing in person are Michelle Rodriguez , Aaron Eckhart , Neal Moritz , and director Jonathan Liebesman .
Advertisement
Salt —
Opening in theaters everywhere tomorrow , Columbia Pictures brings an exclusive and surprising look at Salt to Comic - Con today , featuring some very special guests .
As a CIA officer , Evelyn Salt ( Angelina Jolie ) swore an oath to duty , honor and country .
Her loyalty will be tested when a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy .
Salt goes on the run , using all her skills and years of experience as a covert operative to elude capture , but her efforts to prove her innocence only serve to cast doubt on her motives as the hunt to uncover the truth behind her identity continues and the question remains : " Who is Salt ? "
When : 1:00 - 2:00
Where : Hall H
RED -
Summit Entertainment presents a sneak peek of exclusive footage from RED .
They used to be the CIA 's top agents — but the secrets they know just made them the Agency 's top targets .
Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , and Helen Mirren star in RED , an explosive action - comedy based on the cult DC Comics graphic novel by Warren Ellis .
Join him , director Robert Schwentke , and the film 's stars as they share footage from the film and debut the final trailer before it 's ever in theaters .
Where : Hall H
When : 2:15 -3:15
Advertisement
Marvel : Mondo Marvel -
It 's the panel about all things Marvel !
We 've got top talent on hand to talk about all of your favorite heroes and villains as well as make a few surprise announcements !
Panelists include Jeph Loeb ( Hulk ) , Brian Michael Bendis ( Avengers ) , Marvel 's talent liaison C. B. Cebulski , Dan Abnett and Andy Lanning ( The Thanos Imperative ) , Jim McCann ( Hawkeye & Mockingbird ) , senior editor Mark Paniccia , and more as they take on all questions !
When : 3:15 -4:15
Where : Room 6DE
Advertisement
The Visionaries : J. J. Abrams and Joss Whedon -
A discussion with geek gods J. J. Abrams ( Star Trek ) and Joss Whedon ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer ) on the future of pop culture .
EW presents an in - depth conversation with these two creative geniuses about how technology , gaming , and global culture are reshaping how we tell and consume stories on television , film and the web .
Plus :
Is the superhero movie waning , or is it on the cusp of reinvention ?
And what do they think the pop culture universe will look like a decade from now ?
Moderated by Jeff " Doc " Jensen .
When : 3:30 - 4:30
Where : Hall H
Twisting Genres -
Fantastic fiction authors talk about pushing the envelope on genre , not confining it to one definition .
Participants include China Miéville ( Kraken ) , Justin Cronin ( The Passage ) , Naomi Novik ( Tongues of Serpents ) , Daryl Gregory ( The Devil 's Alphabet ) , Jeffrey J. Mariotte ( Cold Black Hearts ) , Robert Masello ( Blood And Ice ) , Keith Thompson ( The Leviathan trilogy ) , and Scott Westerfeld ( The Leviathan trilogy ) .
Moderated by Maryelizabeth Hart of Mysterious Galaxy .
Where : Room 25ABC
When : 4:00 - 5:00
Advertisement
Horror Filmmakers Discuss the Art of Fear -
Panelists Kevin Grevioux ( co- writer / actor , Underworld and creator of I , Frankenstein ) , Stephen Susco ( scriptwriter , Grudge ) , Drew Dowdle and John Dowdle ( co-writers / co - directors , Quarantine and the M. Night Shyamalan - produced Devil ) , Ti West ( writer / director of House of the Devil ) , Todd Farmer ( scriptwriter of My Bloody Valentine remake ) , Steven C. Miller ( director , Scream of the Banshee ) , and Ben Ketai ( scriptwriter / director of 30 Days of Night 2 ) , join moderator Mark L. Miller of aintitcoolnews.com , to discuss the horror genre in films and the fine art of creating fear .
Where : Marriott Hall 2
When : 4:00 - 5:00
Behind the Music Composing for Sci-Fi , Horror , and Fantasy Film & TV -
Award - winning composers Michael Giacchino ( Lost ) , Wendy Melvoin and Lisa Coleman ( Heroes ) , Nathan Barr ( True Blood ) , Jim Dooley ( Pushing Daisies ) , John Ottman ( Superman Returns ) , and Jeremy Zuckerman ( Avatar : The Last Airbender ) have all composed for Comic - Con 's fan - favorite series and are here to share a behind - the - scenes perspective on creating music for television and film .
Together they will discuss their respective projects and how they got their big break into the music composing industry .
Q&A following the panel plus exclusive giveaways for attendees .
Moderated by BMI executive Anne Cecere , director of film / television relations .
Where : Room 24ABC
When : 4:30 - 5:30
Advertisement
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World -
Genre-bending filmmaker Edgar Wright ( Hot Fuzz ) , graphic novel author Bryan Lee O'Malley , and the cast of Universal Pictures ' Scott Pilgrim vs. the World provide a sneak peek of summer 2010 's epic of epic epicness .
Joining Wright will be our hero , Scott Pilgrim ( Michael Cera of Superbad ) ; Scott 's two current girlfriends , Ramona Flowers ( Mary Elizabeth Winstead of The Thing ) and Knives Chau ( Ellen Wong of Unnatural History ) ; his band , SEX BOB - OMB : Kim Pine ( Alison Pill of Milk ) and Stephen Stills ( Mark Webber of Broken Flowers ) ; SEX BOB - OMB super - fan Young Neil ( Johnny Simmons of Jennifer 's Body ) ; Scott 's awesome roommate , Wallace Wells ( Kieran Culkin of Igby Goes Down ) ; and four of Ramona 's seven evil exes : Matthew Patel ( Satya Bhabha of Fair Game ) , Todd Ingram ( Brandon Routh of Superman Returns ) , Gideon Graves ( Jason Schwartzman of Funny People ) and Roxy Richter ( Mae Whitman of Parenthood ) ; plus Scott 's younger sister , Stacey Pilgrim ( Anna Kendrick of Up in the Air ) , and the obnoxious Julie Powers ( Aubrey Plaza of Parks and Recreation ) .
Q&A to follow .
Where : Hall H
When " 6:00 - 7:00
Advertisement
Geek Girls Exist -
Really ?
Kristin Rielly ( Geek Girls Network ) leads a discussion about growing up geek , turning passions into careers , and who shot first .
Representing the many awesome aspects of the geek culture , panelists Morgan Romine ( The Frag Dolls ) , Bonnie Burton ( The Star Wars Craft Book ) , Marian Call ( singer / songwriter ) , Sarah Kuhn ( One Con Glory ) , Jill Pantozzi ( Has Boobs Reads Comics blog ) , Veronica Belmont ( Qore ) , Kari Byron ( MythBusters ) , and Kiala Kazebee ( GeekWeek.com ) school you on what it means to be a real geeky girl and even make you LOL IRL .
Where : Room 8
When : 5:30 - 6:30
The Sushi Typhoon : The Best in Japanese Genre Movies -
Horror , sci - fi , action , and splatter comedy films from Japan have become the most popular new genre in fandom .
From the creators of Tokyo Gore Police , The Machine Girl , Suicide Club , Ichi the Killer , Battlefield Baseball , Meatball Machine , and many others comes The Sushi Typhoon , an all - you - can - eat smorgasbord of Japanese genre moviemaking about to hit U.S. shores in partnership with Funimation Entertainment !
Director Yoshihiro Nishimura ( Tokyo Gore Police ) , actor Masanori Mimoto ( The Ultimate Versus ) , actress Mika Hijii ( Ninja ) , and producer Yoshinori Chiba ( Yatterman ) are on hand for a special launch presentation introducing American audiences to the new label , featuring guest Q&A 's , trailers for Alien vs. Ninja and Mutant Girls Squad ( both screening on Friday night at SDCC ) , and an exclusive preview of Nishimura 's upcoming zombie epic Helldriver , including an exciting first look at footage from the film !
Where : Room 5AB
When : 8:15 -9:15
Advertisement
Friday
Batman : The Brave and the Bold Screening and Q&A -
The Caped Crusader swings back into San Diego as Batman : The Brave and the Bold returns to Comic - Con for its third consecutive year , with an advance screening of an upcoming episode as well as a lively discussion with voice of Batman Diedrich Bader ( Surf 's Up ) , executive producer Sam Register ( Teen Titans ) , producers James Tucker ( Justice League Unlimited ) , and Michael Jelenic ( The Batman ) , and voice director Andrea Romano ( Superman Doomsday ) .
As a special bonus for fans , the panel will also screen the world premiere trailer for the upcoming and highly anticipated Cartoon Network / Warner Bros .
Animation series Young Justice ... do n't miss this Comic - Con exclusive !
From Warner Bros. Animation , Batman : The Brave and the Bold airs Fridays at 7:30 pm ET / PT on Cartoon Network , and Batman : The Brave and the Bold - Season 1 , Part 1 will be released on DVD August 17 .
Where : Room 6A
When : 10:30 - 11:30
Advertisement
Stargate Universe-
Follow your Destiny .
Catch the Syfy Stargate Universe panel , featuring Robert Carlyle ( Dr. Nicholas Rush ) , David Blue ( Eli Wallace ) , Ming Na ( Camile Wray ) , and Louis Ferreira ( Colonel Everett Young ) , moderated by Robert Cooper ( series co-creator ) .
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 10:30 - 11:30
Advertisement
AMC's The Walking Dead -
Andrew Lincoln ( Love Actually ) , Jon Bernthal ( The Pacific ) , Sarah Wayne Callies ( Prison Break ) , Laurie Holden ( The Mist ) , Emma Bell ( Law & Order ) , series creator / director / executive producer Frank Darabont ( The Shawshank Redemption ) , executive producer Gale Anne Hurd ( The Terminator ) , executive producer Robert Kirkman ( creator / writer of The Walking Dead comic ) , makeup artist Greg Nicotero , and Joel Stillerman ( AMCs senior VP ) discuss the making of AMC 's series The Walking Dead , based on the Image comic book series created and written by Robert Kirkman , premiering in October on AMC .
Where : Room 6BCF
When : 11:30 - 12:30
Caprica-
Syfy presents an exclusive glimpse into the future of humanity .
Featuring Alessandra Torresani ( Zoe Graystone ) , Sasha Roiz ( Sam Adama ) , Ronald D. Moore ( co-creator / executive producer ) , and David Eick ( executive producer ) and moderated by Geoff Boucher of the Los Angeles Times .
When : 11:30 - 12:30
Where : Ballroom 20
Advertisement
Skyline -
Universal Pictures , Relativity Media , and Rogue Pictures present an exclusive look at the sci - fi thriller Skyline , directed and produced by the Brothers Strause ( Alien vs. Predator : Requiem ) , whose company Hydraulx has provided visual effects for Avatar , Iron Man 2 , The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , and 300 .
In Skyline , strange lights descend on the city of Los Angeles , drawing people outside like moths to a flame , where an extraterrestrial force proceeds to swallow the entire human population off the face of the earth .
Colin and Greg Strause unveil an exclusive Comic - Con trailer and scenes from Skyline , along with stars Donald Faison ( Scrubs ) , Eric Balfour ( The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , 24 ) , David Zayas ( The Expendables , Dexter ) , Scottie Thompson ( Star Trek ) , and Brittany Daniel ( Club Dread ) .
Hit Fix 's Drew McWeeny moderates .
Where : Hall H
When : 12:00 - 1:00
Super -
Writer / director James Gunn ( Slither ) , stars Rainn Wilson ( The Office ) , Liv Tyler ( Lord of the Rings ) , Nathan Fillion ( Firefly ) , and Michael Rooker ( Henry : Portrait of a Serial Killer ) , and producers Ted Hope ( Adventureland ) and Miranda Bailey ( The Squid and the Whale ) reveal footage from their latest feature production Super , including the first peek at Rainn and Ellen Page 's costume design .
Super is a hyper-real and shockingly funny look at the extremely violent antics of a down - on - his - luck man as he attempts to win his wife back from a glamorous drug dealer by teaming up with a psychopathic teen to become costumed crimefighters .
Where : Hall H
When : 1:00 - 2:00
Advertisement
The Cape : Sneak Peek and Panel Discussion -
One man can make a difference ... When Vince Faraday , an honest cop on a corrupt police force , is framed for murder and presumed killed , he assumes the identity of his son's favorite comic book superhero —
The Cape — to reclaim his name , family , and his city from the ruthless ARK Corporation and the masked villain known as Chess .
Join the cast and creators including David Lyons ( ER ) , Summer Glau ( Terminator : The Sarah Conner Chronicles ) , Dorian Missick ( Six Degrees ) , James Frain ( True Blood ) , Keith David ( Gamer ) , Vinnie Jones ( X - Men : Last Stand ) , Martin Klebba ( Pirates of the Caribbean ) , composer Bear McCreary ( Battlestar Galactica ) , creator / executive producer Thomas Wheeler ( Empire ) , and showrunner / executive producer John Wirth ( Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles ) for this sneak peek at the pilot episode and panel discussion .
A limited collector edition of The Cape comic book , with a cover by superstar artist John Cassady ( Astonishing X - Men ) , will be given away at the panel .
Where : Room 6A
When : 2:15 -3:15
Advertisement
Miramax Films : Do n't Be Afraid of the Dark -
Producer / co- writer Guillermo del Toro and director Troy Nixey present a first look at their new film Do n't Be Afraid of the Dark , a hair - raising , spine - chilling tale of horror about a little girl ( Bailee Madison ) who is sent to live with her father ( Guy Pearce ) and his girlfriend ( Katie Holmes ) in the old mansion they are renovating , only to unwittingly unleash malevolent creatures bent on destroying all of them .
When : 2:15 -3:45
Where : Hall H
The Joss Whedon Experience -
Every year Joss Whedon , the creator of Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Angel , Dollhouse , and Serenity , comes to Comic - Con to give fans a wide - ranging and digressive look into what 's keeping him busy .
Join Joss and a few thousand of his closest friends for the Q&A.
Spoiler Alert !
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 3:00 - 3:45
Advertisement
MTV's Teen Wolf -
The first ever look at MTV's new one - hour drama based on the Michael J. Fox movie .
Join stars Tyler Posey ( Maid in Manhattan ) , Tyler Hoechlin ( Road to Perdition ) , Dylan O'Brien , Crystal Reed , series creator / exec producer Jeff Davis ( Criminal Minds ) and director Russell Mulcahy ( Highlander ) for a screening of the pilot presentation and a Q&A on how the new show pays homage to and updates the classic movie .
When : 3:30 - 4:30
Where : Room 6A
The Other Guys , The Green Hornet , and Priest -
Advertisement
The Green Hornet — Director Michel Gondry , who makes movies with a special , personal signature , is taking on The Green Hornet — and he 's doing it in 3D .
Comic - Con audiences , prepare yourselves .
In The Green Hornet , Britt Reid ( Seth Rogen ) is the son of L.A. 's most prominent and respected media magnate and perfectly happy to maintain a directionless existence on the party scene — until his father ( Tom Wilkinson ) mysteriously dies , leaving Britt his vast media empire .
Striking an unlikely friendship with one of his father 's more industrious and inventive employees , Kato ( Jay Chou ) , they see their chance to do something meaningful for the first time in their lives : fight crime .
To get close to the criminals , they come up with the perfect cover : they 'll pose as criminals themselves .
Protecting the law by breaking it , Britt becomes the vigilante The Green Hornet as he and Kato hit the streets .
Confirmed to appear in person to unveil this early look at The Green Hornet in 3D are the Hornet himself , Seth Rogen , director Michel Gondry , writer Evan Goldberg , producer Neal Moritz , and actor Christoph Waltz .
Priest ( 3D ) — A western - infused post - apocalyptic thriller , set in an alternate world — one ravaged by centuries of war between man and vampires .
The story revolves around a legendary Warrior Priest ( Paul Bettany ) from the last Vampire War who now lives in obscurity among the other downtrodden human inhabitants in walled - in dystopian cities .
When his niece ( Lily Collins ) is abducted by a murderous pack of vampires , Priest breaks his sacred vows to venture out on an obsessive quest to find her before they turn her into one of them .
He is joined on his crusade by his niece 's boyfriend ( Cam Gigandet ) , a trigger - fingered young wasteland sheriff , and a former Warrior Priestess ( Maggie Q ) who possesses otherworldly fighting skills .
Stars Paul Bettany , Karl Urban , Maggie Q , Cam Gigandet , Stephen Moyer , and director Scott Stewart will be onstage to unveil the first 3D look at Priest .
When : 4:00 - 6:00
Where : Hall H
Advertisement
Adult Swim Panel Featuring Robot Chicken , Venture Bros , and Metalocalypse -
Show creators Seth Green , Matt Senreich , and Tom Root ( Robot Chicken ) , Jackson Publick and Doc Hammer ( Venture Bros ) , and Brendon Small ( Metalocalypse ) discuss their original series , screen sneak peeks , and answer questions .
Keith Crofford , VP of production at Adult Swim , will moderate .
Where : Room 6BCF
When : 4:30 - 5:30
Falling Skies -
They 're coming .
Get the very first look at Steven Spielberg 's new series that envisions a world where aliens have invaded and the fate of humanity lies in the hands of a few survivors .
Noah Wyle ( ER , TNT's The Librarian movies ) and Moon Bloodgood ( Terminator Salvation ) join co-executive producer and writer Mark Verheiden ( Heroes , Battlestar Galactica ) for a Q&A on the new series .
Falling Skies premieres on TNT next summer .
Where : Room 6A
When : 4:45 -5:45
Advertisement
Girls Gone Genre : Movies , TV , Comics , Web -
Meet and talk with women who write , read , game , and perform in arenas that are historically and statistically dominated by men .
What 's it like to try and get a job in a field where most of your competitors and colleagues are guys ?
Can women write men , and vice versa ?
And what happens when traditionally " male " genres are reinvented by female writers and embraced by female fans ?
Sex and the City it ain't !
Meet the women who like to play with trucks and Barbies ... and Wolverine action figures .
And flux capacitors .
Featuring Felicia Day ( writer / producer , The Guild ; actress , The Guild , Buffy The Vampire Slayer , Dr. Horrible 's Sing Along Blog ) , Kathryn Immonen ( writer , Patsy Walker : Hellcat , Runaways , Heralds ) , Laeta Kalogridis ( screenwriter / producer , Shutter Island , Ghost in the Shell , Avatar ) , Marti Noxon ( screenwriter / producer , Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Angel , Mad Men , I Am Number Four , Fright Night ) , Melissa Rosenberg ( screenwriter / producer , Dexter , The Twilight Saga ) , and Gail Simone ( writer , Wonder Woman , Birds of Prey ) .
Moderated by io9's Annalee Newitz .
Where : Room 24ABC
When : 5:00 - 6:00
Vertigo : On the Edge -
Find out what compelling tales comics ' edgiest imprint has in store for you in the months to come !
Led by senior VP / executive editor Karen Berger , the all - star lineup of talent includes Rafael Albuquerque ( American Vampire ) , Gabriel Bá ( Daytripper ) , Cliff Chiang ( Neil Young 's Greendale ) , Max Allan Collins ( Road to Perdition ) , Joshua Dysart ( Neil Young 's Greendale , Unknown Soldier ) , Peter Gross ( The Unwritten ) , Matt Kindt ( Revolver ) , Jeff Lemire ( Sweet Tooth ) , Peter Milligan ( Greek Street , Hellblazer ) , Fabio Moon ( Daytripper ) , Chris Roberson ( iZombie ) , Scott Snyder ( American Vampire ) , Matthew Sturges ( Jack of Fables ) , Jill Thompson ( Little Endless ) , Bill Willingham ( Fables ) and others .
When : 5:30 - 6:30
Where : Room 6DE
Advertisement
True Blood Panel and Q&A session -
Mixing romance , suspense , mystery , and humor , True Blood kicked off its 12 - episode third season June 13 on HBO .
The series , which has earned two Golden Globe nominations for Best Television Series - Drama , follows the romance between waitress Sookie Stackhouse ( Anna Paquin , Golden Globe winner for True Blood season one ; Oscar - winner for The Piano ) , who can hear people 's thoughts , and her soulmate , 173 - year - old vampire Bill Compton ( Stephen Moyer ) .
Alan Ball ( creator of the Emmy - winning HBO series Six Feet Under ) created and serves as executive producer of the series , which is based on the best - selling Sookie Stackhouse novels by Charlaine Harris .
The series also features Nelsan Ellis as Lafayette Reynolds , Sam Trammell as Sam Merlotte , Rutina Wesley as Tara Thornton , Deborah Ann Woll as Jessica Hamby , Kristin Bauer van Straten as Pam , Denis O'Hare as Russell Edgington , the Vampire King of Mississippi , and Joe Manganiello as Alcide Herveaux .
( Note : names in bold will be appearing on the panel . )
Moderated by Tim Stack of Entertainment Weekly .
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 5:15 -6:15
Advertisement
Being Human -
Creator / writer Toby Whithouse and cast members Russell Tovey , Lenora Crichlow , Aidan Turner , and Sinead Keenan are on stage for a fan Q&A and exclusive inside peek at the new U.S. premiere season launching the same weekend as Comic - Con .
The Los Angeles Times declared , " Buffy fans — come out of the Twilight and sink your teeth into this import . "
Do n't miss the chance to get the inside secrets on the double - lives of a werewolf , a vampire , and a ghost , joined this season by George 's friend Nina , who 's got a mysterious secret of her own .
Where : Room 6A
When : 6:00 - 7:00
TV Guide Magazine : The 2010 Hot List -
Featuring the hottest supernatural / sci - fi talent in front of the camera and behind - the - scenes from new and returning series .
Moderated by TV Guide Magazine 's Executive Editor Craig Tomashoff the panel includes — Morena Baccarin ( V ) , Brannon Braga ( Terra Nova , Flash Forward ) , Michael Chiklis ( No Ordinary Family ) , Morris Chestnut ( V ) , Keith David ( The Cape ) , Zachary Levi ( Chuck ) , David Lyons ( The Cape ) , Chi McBride ( Human Target ) , Elizabeth Mitchell ( V ) , and others to be announced !
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 6:30 - 7:30
Advertisement
Discovery Channel 's Reign of the Dinosaurs -
Immerse yourself in next spring 's TV blockbuster , as an all - star crew reveal the secrets behind Discovery Channel 's genre - busting journey back to the Prehistoric .
Confirmed panelists include Iain McCaig ( Star Wars ) , David Krentz ( Disney 's Dinosaur ) , and Ricardo Delgado ( Dark Horse Comics ' Age of Reptiles ) , all of whom will be pitching their stories live !
Hosted by producer Erik Nelson ( Grizzly Man ) , the panel goes deep behind the scenes for an in - depth look at how this landmark production is creating stories , characters , and digital models for the new standard in realistic dinosaur storytelling .
A once - in - a - decade opportunity to be present at the creation of an epic miniseries .
Where : Room 6BCF
When : 7:30 - 8:30
Batman : Under the Red Hood -
Warner Home Video , Warner Premiere , DC Entertainment , and Warner Bros .
Animation proudly present the World Premiere of Batman : Under the Red Hood , the eighth entry in the ongoing series of DC Universe Animated Original PG - 13 movies .
In the film , Batman faces his ultimate challenge as the mysterious Red Hood takes Gotham City by firestorm .
One part vigilante , one part criminal kingpin , Red Hood begins cleaning up Gotham with the efficiency of Batman , but without following the same ethical code .
Killing is an option .
And when The Joker falls in the balance between the two , hard truths are revealed and old wounds are reopened .
The stellar voice cast is led by Bruce Greenwood ( Star Trek ) , Jensen Ackles ( Supernatural ) , Neil Patrick Harris ( How I Met Your Mother ) , John DiMaggio ( Futurama ) , Jason Issacs ( the Harry Potter films ) , and Vincent Martella ( Phineas & Ferb ) .
Executive producer Bruce Timm ( DCU films ) , director Brandon Vietti ( Superman : Doomsday ) , award - winning comics writer Judd Winick , casting / dialogue director Andrea Romano ( DCU films ) and members of the voice cast will be around for a postscreening panel that will reveal details behind the making of the film , a glimpse of the 2011 DC Universe Animated Original Movies slate , and a first look at the next DCU film , Superman / Batman : Apocalypse .
Warner Home Video will distribute Batman : Under the Red Hood on Blu - Ray and DVD , OnDemand and For Download on July 27 , 2010 .
Note : a second encore screening will take place in the same room beginning at 10:15 .
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 8:00 - 10:00
Advertisement
Will Eisner Comic Industry Awards -
The 22nd annual Eisner Awards , the " Oscars " of the comics industry , will be given out at a gala ceremony at the Indigo Ballroom at the Hilton Bayfront .
This year 's special theme is " Comics Fiesta . "
The masters of ceremony are Bongo Comics ' Bill Morrison and voice actor Maurice LaMarche ( Pinky and the Brain , Futurama ) .
Presenters include writer / actor Robert Ben Garant ( Reno 911 , Balls of Fury ) , comedian / voice actor Phil LaMarr ( Futurama , Family Guy , MadTV ) , and actor / comics creator Thomas Jane ; nominees C. Tyler , Laurie Sandell , Peter Bagge , and James Robinson ; and Comic - Con special guests Berkeley Breathed , Chris Claremont , Milo Manara , Jillian Tamaki , and James Sturm .
Other prestigious awards to be given out include the Russ Manning Promising Newcomer Award , the Bob Clampett Humanitarian Award , the Bill Finger Award for Achievement in Comic Book Writing , and the Will Eisner Spirit of Comics Retailer Award .
Admission to the Eisners is free to all Comic - Con attendees — just be sure to bring your badge .
Doors open for pro and VIP seating at 7:30 and for attendees at 8:15 .
All those who attend will receive a free Will Eisner graphic novel .
When : 8:30 - 11:30
Where : Indigo Ballroom , San Diego Hilton Bayfront
Advertisement
Saturday
Chuck Screening and Q&A -
Chuck executive producers and co-creators Josh Schwartz ( Gossip Girl ) and Chris Fedak appear along with series stars Zachary Levi ( Alvin and the Chipmunks ) , Yvonne Strahovski ( upcoming The Killer Elite ) , Joshua Gomez ( Without a Trace ) , Ryan McPartlin , Mark Christopher Lawrence ( The Pursuit of Happyness ) , Vik Sahay ( Good Will Hunting ) , Scott Krinsky ( The O.C. ) , Sarah Lancaster ( upcoming The Good Doctor ) and Adam Baldwin ( Serenity ) for their usual hijinks — a Q&A to discuss the upcoming season four ( made possible by the devoted fanbase ) and a special video presentation .
Produced by Fake Empire , Wonderland Sound and Vision in association with Warner Bros .
Television , Chuck airs Mondays at 8 pm ET / PT on NBC , and Chuck : The Complete Third Season will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 7 .
When : 10:00 - 10:45
Where : Ballroom 20
Advertisement
Reading with Brains : The Rise and Unrelenting Stamina of Zombie Fiction -
Authors and survivors include Amelia Beamer ( The Loving Dead ) , Max Brooks ( The Zombie Survival Guide ) , Seth Grahame - Smith ( Abraham Lincoln , Vampire Slayer ) , Mira Grant ( The Newsflesh trilogy ) .
Walter Greatshell ( Xombies : Apocalypticon ) , Jonathan Maberry ( Rot & Ruin ) , Ryan Mecum ( Zombie Haiku ) , John Skipp ( Zombies : Encounters with the Hungry Dead ) , and Joan Frances Turner ( Dust ) .
Moderated by Maryelizabeth Hart , Mysterious Galaxy .
When : 11:00 - 12:00
Where : Room 7AB
The Event : World - Premiere Pilot Screening and Q&A with Cast and Producers -
Debuting on NBC this fall , the highly anticipated conspiracy thriller The Event follows an unlikely hero who gets entangled in one of the government 's biggest cover - up operations that could ultimately change the fate of mankind .
Be the first to watch the pilot episode .
Moderated by E! News ' Kristin Dos Santos , participate in a Q&A session with the cast : Jason Ritter ( The Class ) , Blair Underwood ( In Treatment ) , Laura Innes ( ER ) , Sarah Roemer ( Disturbia ) , Zeljko Ivanek ( Damages ) , Ian Anthony Dale ( Daybreak ) , and the producers : Evan Katz ( 24 ) , Steve Stark ( Medium ) , Jeffrey Reiner ( Friday Night Lights ) , Nick Wauters ( The 4400 ) , and Jim Wong ( The X - Files ) .
When : 11:15 -12:15
Where : Room 6A
Advertisement
Green Lantern , Sucker Punch , and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -
Green Lantern —
Get a first look at the upcoming sci-fi action adventure Green Lantern , directed by Martin Campbell .
Green Lantern is an epic adventure that crosses galaxies to bring to life the legendary Silver Age superhero Hal Jordan , who is chosen by the ring itself to become the first human member of the Green Lantern Corps and take on the vast and powerful Parallax as it threatens to destroy the world .
The film stars Ryan Reynolds as Hal Jordan , Blake Lively as Carol Ferris , Peter Sarsgaard as Dr. Hector Hammond , and Mark Strong as Sinestro .
Advertisement
Sucker Punch —
Fasten your seatbelt for a sneak peek at the dark action fantasy Sucker Punch , from director Zack Snyder , who previewed his films 300 and Watchmen at past Comic - Cons .
A group of young girls escape the dark reality of their lives through their vivid imagination , which takes them to various fantasy locations in different realms .
The ensemble cast features Emily Browning , Abbie Cornish , Vanessa Hudgens , Carla Gugino , Jena Malone , Jamie Chung , and Jon Hamm .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows —
Every saga has a final chapter .
Kick off the year of Harry Potter with a first look at the coming screen adaptation of J. K.
Rowling 's final book in the series , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , with a program created just for Comic - Con fans .
One way .
One hero .
One destiny .
Do n't miss it !
When : 11:45 -1:15
Where : Hall H
Advertisement
The Venture Bros . -
Creators Jackson Publick and Doc Hammer host a laissez - faire chat about — what else ? —
The Venture Bros .
They 'll be joined by Patrick Warburton ( voice of Brock Samson ) and James Urbaniak ( voice of Dr. Venture ) as they screen sneak preview clips from the upcoming season , shamelessly plug their new DVD and line of action figures , and take questions from the audience .
Where : Indigo Ballroom , San Diego Hilton Bayfront
When : 12:00 - 1:00
Spotlight on Brian Michael Bendis-
The controversial Marvel writer and Comic - Con special guest Brian Michael Bendis turns his spotlight panel into a live taping of the popular Word Balloon Bendis tapes .
Word Balloon podcast host John Suitress will moderate the panel and take questions from the audience , with nothing off limits .
Bendis will also be giving away limited - edition variant covers of his new creator - owned series Scarlet .
Where : Room 6DE
When : 12:30 - 1:30
Advertisement
Futurama-
Celebrate Futurama 's triumphant re-return to the airwaves !
World - premiere footage will offer an exciting and informative glimpse of Comic - Con in the year 3010 .
Panelists include executive producers Matt Groening and David X. Cohen , cast members Billy West , John DiMaggio , Katey Sagal , and Maurice LaMarche , director Crystal Chesney - Thompson , writers Ken Keeler and Patric M. Verrone , and animation producer Claudia Katz .
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 12:45 -1:30
Sanctuary -
Walk on the wild side at Syfy 's highly anticipated Sanctuary panel .
Moderated by Josh Gates ( Destination Truth ) and featuring Amanda Tapping ( Helen Magnus ) , Robin Dunne ( Will Zimmerman ) , and executive producers Martin Wood and Damian Kindler , you 'll experience this revolutionary Syfy original series like never before .
When : 1:00 - 2:00
Where : Indigo Ballroom , San Diego Hilton Bayfront
Advertisement
Let Me In -
The cast and filmmakers of Let Me In , a haunting and provocative thriller written and directed by filmmaker Matt Reeves ( Cloverfield ) , give the Hall H audience a sneak peek at this highly anticipated film .
Let Me
In is an astonishing coming - of - age story involving a young girl ( Kick Ass 's Chloe Moretz ) and an alienated boy ( Kodi Smit - McPhee from The Road ) unlike any you have seen .
Based on the bestselling Swedish novel Lat den Ratte Komma ( Let The Right One In ) by John Ajvide Lindqvist and the highly acclaimed film of the same name , Let Me
In takes audiences straight to the troubled heart of adolescent longing and loneliness .
Academy Award–nominee Richard Jenkins ( The Visitor ) also stars in this exhilarating reboot of the beloved original .
When : 1:30 - 2:30
Where : Hall H
Advertisement
V Screening and Q&A -
The cast and creative team behind this thrilling drama series about the world 's first alien encounter make their return to Comic - Con. Actors Elizabeth Mitchell ( Lost ) , Morris Chestnut ( Boyz n the Hood ) , Joel Gretsch ( The 4400 ) , Logan Huffman ( America ) , Laura Vandervoort ( Smallville ) , Charles Mesure ( Xena : Warrior Princess ) , Morena Baccarin ( Firefly ) , and Scott Wolf ( Go ) join executive producers Scott Rosenbaum ( Chuck , The Shield ) and Steve Pearlman ( Related ) for a Q&A session with fans and to screen a special highlight reel from the show 's first season .
From HDFilms in association with Warner Bros .
Television , V will return midseason on ABC , and V : The Complete First Season will be released on Blu-ray and DVD this fall .
Room : Ballroom 20
When : 2:30 -3:15
NBC 's Community Cast and Creative Team -
The cast and producers — Joel McHale ( The Soup ) , Chevy Chase ( Hot Tub Time Machine ) , Donald Glover ( 30 Rock ) , Yvette Nicole Brown ( Rules of Engagement ) , Danny Pudi ( Greek ) , Gillian Jacobs ( Choke ) , Alison Brie ( Mad Men ) and executive producers Dan Harmon ( The Sarah Silverman Program ) , Joe Russo ( Arrested Development ) , Anthony Russo ( Arrested Development ) , Neil Goldman ( Scrubs ) , Garrett Donovan ( Scrubs ) and Russ Krasnoff ( The Soloist ) — are on hand for an animated discussion and Q&A session about what 's in store for viewers this fall .
Where : Indigo Ballroom , San Diego Hilton Bayfront
When : 3:00 - 4:00
Advertisement
ABC's No Ordinary Family : Exclusive Premiere -
This is No Ordinary Panel !
Michael Chiklis ( The Shield ) , Julie Benz ( Dexter ) , and executive producers Greg Berlanti ( Green Lantern ) , Jon Harmon Feldman ( Tru Calling ) , and David Semel ( Heroes ) present an exclusive screening of the new ABC series No Ordinary Family .
After the screening , join them for a Q&A session and find out more about the superpowers that made this family go from ordinary to extraordinary overnight !
Plus , everyone in the room will receive a surprise .
Where : Room 6A
When : 3:15 -4:15
Fringe Screening and Q&A -
Fringe returns to Comic - Con as Lance Reddick and Blair Brown make their first appearance at the convention , joining fellow series stars Anna Torv , Joshua Jackson , John Noble , and Jasika Nicole plus executive producers Jeff Pinkner and J. H. Wyman for a Q&A with fans and an exclusive video presentation .
Join the discussion of this critically acclaimed thriller , which explores the ever - blurring line between science fiction and reality , where hybrid monsters tear through sewers , thieves walk through walls and portals open to worlds unknown .
From Bad Robot Productions in association with Warner Bros .
Television , Fringe airs Thursdays at 9 pm ET / PT on FOX , and Fringe : The Complete Second Season will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 14 .
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 3:15 -4:15
Advertisement
Warehouse 13 and Eureka -
Do n't miss two of Syfy 's biggest hit series in one exclusive event .
Catch back - to - back Warehouse 13 and Eureka panels , featuring Warehouse 13's Eddie McClintock ( Pete Lattimer ) , Joanne Kelly ( Myka Bering ) , Saul Rubinek ( Artie Nielsen ) , Allison Scagliotti ( Claudia Donovan ) , and Jack Kenny ( showrunner / executive producer ) and Eureka 's Colin Ferguson ( Jack Carter ) , Salli Richardson - Whitfield ( Allison Blake ) , Neil Grayston ( Douglas Fargo ) , James Callis ( Grant ) , Jaime Paglia ( co-creator / executive producer / writer ) , and Bruce Miller ( executive producer / writer ) .
When : 3:30 - 5:00
Where : Room 6BCF
Scott Pilgrim Vol. 6 : Scott Pilgrim's Finest Hour vs. The Fans -
It 's been six years and six volumes spanning over 1,000 pages , and you 've been there since the beginning !
But there 's always been one burning question itching at the back of your brain that you thought would never be answered .
Think no more !
Ready your Q's , mind your P's , and join Scott Pilgrim creator Bryan Lee O'Malley for a battle royale as he quibbles the quips of his worst enemies ... his fans !
When : 4:00 - 5:00
Where : Room 25ABC
Advertisement
Screen Gems : Resident Evil : Afterlife -
In a world ravaged by a virus infection that turns its victims into the Undead , Alice ( Milla Jovovich ) continues on her journey to find survivors and lead them to safety .
Her deadly battle with the Umbrella Corporation reaches new heights , but Alice gets some unexpected help from an old friend .
A new lead that promises a safe haven from the Undead takes them to Los Angeles , but when they arrive the city is overrun by thousands of Undead and Alice and her comrades are about to step into a deadly trap .
The fourth installment of the hugely successful Resident Evil franchise , Resident Evil : Afterlife is again based on the wildly popular video game series and this time will be shot in 3D using the same state - of - the - art cameras created for Avatar .
Writer / director Paul W. S. Anderson , along with the film 's stars Milla Jovovich , Ali Larter , and Wentworth Miller , will be on hand to show you some stunning 3D sequences and answer your questions .
Where : Hall H
When : 4:00 - 4:45
Advertisement
Welcome to The Future : Are You Sure You Want to Stay ?-
Speculative fiction authors discuss visions of the future , dystopian and otherwise .
Authors include Samuel R. Delany ( Dhalgren ) , Alan Dean Foster ( Flinx Transcendent ) , Cody Goodfellow ( Perfect Union ) , Kirsten Imani Kasai ( Ice Song ) , Dani Kollin and Eytan Kollin ( The Unincorporated War ) , Nnedi Okorafor ( Who Fears Death ) , David Weber ( Honor Harrington novels ) , David J. Williams ( The Machinery Of Light ) , and Charles Yu ( How To Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe ) .
Moderated by Maryelizabeth Hart of Mysterious Galaxy .
When : 4:30 - 5:30
Where : Room 4
Paul and Cowboys & Aliens -
Paul — Scheduled to appear for Universal Pictures ' sci- fi comedy - adventure Paul are a who 's who of film comedy .
Director Greg Mottola ( Superbad ) will be joined by cast members Simon Pegg ( Hot Fuzz ) , Nick Frost ( Shaun of the Dead ) , Kristen Wiig ( Date Night ) , Bill Hader ( Forgetting Sarah Marshall ) , Jeffrey Tambor ( The Hangover ) , Joe Lo Truglio ( Role Models ) , Seth Rogen ( The Green Hornet ) , and Sigourney Weaver ( Baby Mama ) as they discuss the movie about two sci- fi geeks whose pilgrimage to Comic - Con ultimately takes them to America 's UFO heartland .
While there , they accidentally meet an alien who takes them on an insane road trip that alters their universe forever .
Q&A session to follow .
Advertisement
Cowboys & Aliens — Director Jon Favreau ( Iron Man series ) discusses what 's happening behind the scenes of Universal Pictures and DreamWorks ' action - thriller Cowboys & Aliens , based on Platinum Studios ' graphic novel .
Currently shooting in New Mexico , Cowboys & Aliens stars Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford and takes audiences into the Old West , where a lone cowboy leads an uprising against a terror from beyond our world .
Q&A session to follow .
When : 4:45-5:45
Where : Hall H
Nikita Pilot Screening and Q&A -
Comic - Con has gone rogue !
International action star Maggie Q ( Mission : Impossible III ) stars in this sexy and suspenseful series as an agent who has escaped from the ultrasecretive and corrupt government agency that trained her to be an assassin ... and then betrayed her .
Catch a sneak peek screening of this action - packed thriller , and join Maggie , series stars Shane West ( ER ) and Lyndsy Fonseca ( Kick - Ass ) , and executive producer Craig Silverstein ( Bones ) for an inside look at one of the most anticipated new shows of the fall season .
From Wonderland Sound and Vision in association with Warner Bros .
Television , Nikita will air Thursdays at 9 pm ET / PT on The CW .
Where : Room 6BCF
When : 5:15 -6:15
Advertisement
Adult Swim : Aqua Teen Hunger Force , Squidbillies , Tim & Eric Awesome Show Great Job ! and Mary Shelley 's Frakenhole -
Show creators Dave Willis ( Aqua Teen Hunger Force , Squidbillies ) , Jim Fortier ( Squidbillies ) , Matt Maiellaro ( Aqua Teen Hunger Force ) , Tim Heidecker ( Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job ! ) , Eric Wareheim ( Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job ! ) and Dino Stamatopoulos ( Mary Shelley 's Frakenhole ) discuss their original series , screen sneak peeks , and answer questions .
Keith Crofford , VP of production at Adult Swim , moderates .
When : 5:30 - 6:30
Where : Room 6DE
Advertisement
Marvel Studios : Thor and Captain America : The First Avenger -
Producer Kevin Feige and special guests give you an inside look at the ever - expanding Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Not much listed guess it 's all a big surprise !
When : 6:00 - 7:00
Where : Hall H
HBO 's True Blood Presents : The San Diego Comic - Con International Masquerade -
Fabulous original and re-created costumes crafted by our talented attendees appear on stage before an audience of thousands , with impressive awards and cash prizes bestowed to those judged most outstanding .
Doors will open for audience seating at 7:45 pm , but the line will start much earlier !
Tickets will be required for seating and will be given out free to those lining up near Ballroom 20 beginning at 3:00 pm
Saturday until all tickets are gone .
The Masters of Ceremony are writer / artists Phil Foglio and Kaja Foglio of Studio Foglio .
Ballroom 20 , with additional live broadcasts of the event in Rooms 5 AB and 6A , and in the Sails Pavilion .
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 8:30 - 11:30
Advertisement
Sunday
Smallville Screening and Q&A -
Comic - Con favorite Smallville returns for its last visit to Comic - Con in advance of the show 's 10th and final season , as showrunners Kelly Souders and Brian Peterson join star / executive producer Tom Welling and series stars Erica Durance , Cassidy Freeman , and Justin Hartley to talk about the year ahead , answer fan questions , and give an exclusive sneak peek at clips from the final season .
From Tollin / Robbins Productions , Millar / Gough Ink in association with Warner Bros .
Television , Smallville airs Fridays at 8 pm ET / PT on The CW .
Smallville : The Complete Ninth Season will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 7 .
When : 10:00 - 11:00
Where : Ballroom 20
Advertisement
Spotlight on Ann and Jeff VanderMeer : Dr. Lambshead , Steampunk , Weird Tales , Imaginary Animals , and You -
Weird Tales editor and Hugo Award winner Ann VanderMeer and her World Fantasy Award–winning husband , writer / editor Jeff VanderMeer , take you on a whirlwind exclusive inside look at a cornucopia of exciting new projects , from The Thackery T. Lambshead Cabinet of Curiosities , featuring work by Mike Mignola and Greg Broadmore , to the Steampunk Bible coffeetable book , from the rejuvenated Weird Tales to the insanely entertaining Kosher Guide to Imaginary Animals , featuring recipes for Wookiee and Cthulhu by Ace of Cake 's Duff Goldman .
With discussion , interrogation , arguments , and , er , Mongolian Death Worms .
Nom nom .
When : 10:30 - 11:30
Where : Room 8
Supernatural Screening and Q&A -
Cast members , executive producers Sera Gamble ( Eyes ) and Ben Edlund ( Angel ) , and creator / executive producer Eric Kripke ( Boogeyman ) present an exclusive sneak peek at footage from the highly anticipated sixth season of Supernatural , which moves to a new day , Fridays at 9 pm ET / PT on The CW this fall .
The panel will answer questions from the audience and also show a portion of the special features from the upcoming Supernatural : The Complete Fifth Season DVD and Blu-ray release , in stores September 7 .
Supernatural is produced by Wonderland Sound and Vision in association with Warner Bros .
Television .
Where : Ballroom 20
When : 11:15 -12:15
Advertisement
Marvel : Spider - Man-
The hunt has begun and the moment that everyone 's been clamoring about is almost here !
How much more can everyone 's favorite web - slinger take ?
You 've got questions and these people have answers !
Dan Slott ( Amazing Spider - Man ) , Marvel 's talent liaison C. B. Cebulski , and Amazing Spider - Man assistant editor Tom Brennan talk about what 's on the horizon for Peter Parker and just what is " Origin of the Species " ?
There 's only one way to find out , True Believers — attend this panel !
Where : Room 6A
When : 12:45-1:45
Top Pic via Great Geek Manual
Click to view
Photographer Callie Shell knows politics .
Not only did she spend eight years as the official photographer of Al Gore while he served as Vice President , but she also followed John Kerry during his 2004 presidential campaign on assignment for TIME .
It was during that time that she met Barack Obama , when he was still a Senator from Illinois who was several years from embarking on his rise to the White House .
Read Article
Just got back from a screening of Iron Man 2 in Xintiandi ( Sunday afternoons are great for movie going in Shanghai — only eight other people in the theater ) and once again China ’s censors did n’t fail to disappoint .
This was the oddest one I ’ve seen yet :
They made all spoken references to “ Russia ” or “ Russian ” inaudible .
( One Twitterer believes they simply played the words backwards . )
A short scene from Russia and a clip from Russian TV , both near the beginning of the movie , were left in .
But why ?
The Russian references were not political in nature .
They were innocuous nods to the nationality and spoken language of Ivan Vanko , aka Whiplash , the villain portrayed by Mickey Rourke .
( More information on that character ’s background here … be careful , that link features some spoilers . )
While most of the censorship consisted of altering the audio track , one scene — during a dinner in a hangar , Vanko asks Justin Hammer ( Sam Rockwell ) to fetch his pet cockatoo — appeared to be cut short .
Another viewer noted that the censorship , not surprisingly , also carried over to the Chinese subtitles :
In one specific scene I recall , the dialogue was between Hammer and the Russian guy , and he says “ You do realise that I do n’t speak Russian ? ”
The word was distorted enough to make me think something was briefly wrong with the audio , but the Chinese subtitles also said “ You know I do n’t speak your mother language ? ”
( What should have been 俄语 had been replaced with 母语 )
Chinese censorship is nothing new , but this latest edition really has me confused .
It had nothing to do with China .
Nothing to do with politics .
Nothing to do with violence .
And , as far as I know , “ Russia ” is not a dirty word here — at least officially .
So what ’s going on ?
A Cold War comrade pact that somehow got grandfathered in ?
I ’d love to hear your theories .
And I ’d love to see what they would have done with Rocky IV .
Find Iron Man 2 showtimes here .
Yes , that is a Google.cn URL .
No , I do n’t know why it still works .
The iPad is great for sketching and taking notes , but could it be even better if it was able to respond to pen pressure ?
We plan to release this capability as a free software library so it can be included in any application .
However , this may not be possible for a while as the library now uses a private function call to access the required information .
We hope the UIKit framework can be updated to make the required information available , but there are no guarantees this will ever happen .
In the meantime , we hope the video provides some insight into what is possible on this amazing piece of hardware .
Note :
The small drawing lag in the video is an issue with our demo application code , and is n't a limitation of the iPad or the pressure - sensitive library .
Video : Canon Rebel T2i
South Africa ex-students fined over ' racist video ' Published duration 30 July 2010
image caption
The video was apparently filmed in 2007
Four white South Africans have been fined $ 2,700 ( £ 1,700 ) each for making a video humiliating five black university workers and posting it online .
The former students at the University of Free State pleaded guilty to crimen injuria at the trial on Tuesday .
The video showed the five staff being made to kneel and forced to eat food which had apparently been urinated on by one of the students .
The video sparked anti-racist protests when it surfaced in 2008 .
The trial was seen as deeply symbolic in a country trying to come to grips with its racially divided past , 16 years after the end of white minority rule .
The four - RC Malherbe , Johnny Roberts , Schalk van der Merwe and Danie Grobler - were also given six - month prison terms , suspended for five years on condition they are not found guilty of discrimination during that period .
The fines of 20,000 rand were higher than that requested by the prosecution .
" It sends a strong message to potential offenders of similar crimes , " said magistrate Mziwonke Hinxa in the mainly white town of Bloemfontein .
If the four do not pay the fines , they face 12 months in jail .
The five university workers had asked that the four should be fined , rather than jailed .
But the workers - four women and a man - are expected to launch a civil case for damages now that the criminal case is over .
Vomit- inducing
In a statement read out by their lawyer , the men said the video had been made to demonstrate the traditions of their hall of residence and to protest at plans to make the university more racially mixed .
They said the food had not been urinated on - that had been an illusion .
They also claim the staff had taken part willingly .
But the men agreed that they would never have performed their actions if they had known the consequences .
In the video , apparently filmed in 2007 , the workers were forced to drink full bottles of beer and perform athletic tasks .
The final extract of the film seems to show a white male urinating on food , and then shouting " Take !
Take ! " in Afrikaans and apparently forcing the campus employees to eat the dirty food , and causing them to vomit .
Last year , the first black director of the University of the Free State , Jonathan Jansen , courted controversy by inviting the students back as a gesture of reconciliation .
His decision was condemned by both the ruling African National Congress and opposition parties .
Scientists develop genetically - engineered mosquito that cannot pass on malaria
The mosquito is unable to carry malaria
Scientists have created a genetically modified mosquito which cannot pass malaria to humans .
The ultimate aim is replacing wild mosquitoes with the lab bred population - although scientists say this would take at least a decade to achieve
Malaria infects 250 million people a year and kills more than a million of them , mainly children .
The disease is caused by a parasite , a single cell organism called Plasmodium , but previous attempts to create GM mosquitoes have failed because although they reduced the insects ' ability to pass on the pathogen , it was not eradicated all together .
But now a team of scientists believe they have created a mosquito immune to Plasmodium , meaning it cannot pass the disease on to humans .
Researcher Professor Michael Riehle , of the University of Arizona , said : ' It 's not going to be a magic bullet or eradicate malaria , but it 's a new tool in our tool chest . '
He said previous attempts to genetically alter mosquitoes had failed to make the insects completely immune to the the parasite .
He said : ' If you want to effectively stop the spreading of the malaria parasite , you need mosquitoes that are no less than 100 percent resistant to it .
If a single parasite slips through and infects a human , the whole approach will be doomed to fail . '
So his team used molecular biology techniques to insert fresh genetic information into the mosquito's genome , then injected the genome into mosquitoes eggs .
The newly hatched insects , taken from a species that spreads malaria throughout the Indian subcontinent , carried the altered genetic information and passed it on to subsequent generations .
The researchers had targeted a piece of genetic code in the mosquito which acts as a metabolic switch which controls the enzyme Akt .
Akt is involved in the mosquitoes growth , lifespan and immune system .
By genetically engineering this switch permanently to ' on ' , more Akt was produced , enabling the immune system to fight off Plasmodium .
It also shortened the lifespan of the mosquito .
Prof Riehle said : ' It was known that the Akt enzyme is involved in the mosquito 's growth rate and immune response , among other things .
' So we went ahead with this genetic construct to see if we can ramp up Akt function and help the insects ' immune system fight off the malaria parasite . '
When Riehle and his co-workers studied the genetically modified mosquitoes after feeding them malaria - infested blood , they noticed that the Plasmodium parasites did not infect a single study animal .
Riehle said : ' We were surprised how well this works .
' We were just hoping to see some effect on the mosquitoes ' growth rate , lifespan or their susceptibility to the parasite , but it was great to see that our construct blocked the infection process completely . '
The shortened lifespan of the insect also helped the spread of the disease , he said , explaining : ' In the wild , a mosquito lives for an average of two weeks .
' Only the oldest mosquitoes are able to transmit the parasite .
If we can reduce the lifespan of the mosquitoes , we can reduce the number of infections . '
The insects were kept in a highly secure lab to prevent them escaping , but the ultimate aim would be to see the GM mosquitoes replace those in the wild .
This could prove the hardest step of all , said Riehle , whose findings are published in journal Public Library of Science Pathogens .
He said : ' The eradication scenario requires three things :
A gene that disrupts the development of the parasite inside the mosquito , a genetic technique to bring that gene into the mosquito genome and a mechanism that gives the modified mosquito an edge over the natural populations so they can displace them over time .
' The third requirement is going to be the most difficult of the three to realize .
' It would probably take at least a decade , if not more .
The biggest thing we are missing is a mechanism for driving our genes through the whole population . '
In his weekly interview , President of Football Operations / General Manager John Elway talks about an unprecedented season full of injuries for the Broncos and the need to focus solely on the Jets rather than the hole Denver has dug to start the season .
Tim Reid and Michael Evans
Times Online
June 5 , 2010
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
President Obama has secretly sanctioned a huge increase in the number of US special forces carrying out search - and - destroy missions against al - Qaeda around the world , with American troops now operating in 75 countries .
The dramatic expansion in the use of special forces , which in their global span go far beyond the covert missions authorised by George W. Bush , reflects how aggressively the President is pursuing al - Qaeda behind his public rhetoric of global engagement and diplomacy .
When Mr Obama took office US special forces were operating in fewer than 60 countries .
In the past 18 months he has ordered a big expansion in Yemen and the Horn of Africa — known areas of strong al - Qaeda activity — and elsewhere in the Middle East , central Asia and Africa .
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
( CareerBuilder.com ) --
When you 're looking for a job , you 're probably not thinking about your credit score .
But you might want to start .
Though many people argue that credit scores have nothing to do with their capabilities on the job , some employers say differently .
Sixty percent of employers recently surveyed by the Society of Human Resource Management said they run credit checks on all or some potential new hires .
That 's up from 43 percent in 2006 and 25 percent in 1998 .
Opinions on whether or not this is fair vary .
Supporters of credit checks do n't think it's any different than checking a candidate 's references .
But opponents see it as unfair -- especially in this economy -- because medical problems , divorce or a job layoff and subsequent missed bills can wreck an otherwise perfect credit score in an instant .
" There are lots of good reasons not to hire someone .
Usually , bad credit alone is n't one of them .
And yet , it 's become the reason du jour to disqualify an otherwise highly qualified person to do a job they 're particularly well suited for , " says Milan P. Yager , president and CEO of the National Association of Professional Employer Organizations .
" As job fields become closed and increasingly competitive , you can bet that more employers are utilizing credit check options than ever before . "
So why do employers look at your credit history ?
The reasons vary .
Sometimes it may be because of the nature of the position to which you 're applying .
" Certain categories of employers regularly review credit histories [ such as ] banks , brokerage houses , government and other financial institutions .
Evaluation of credit history is [ also ] frequently applied to accounting and money management positions where there is potential for fraud and embezzlement , " says Wendy Powell , author of " Management Experience Acquired . "
" Employers have a responsibility to assure that the proper due diligence is applied .
Be prepared for the possibility of a credit review , not only in the application process , but also throughout the employment relationship , " she says .
Other employers look at credit histories in order to separate one candidate from another .
" Credit report information is an excellent data point when comparing and contrasting two or more candidates for the same position , " says Jay Meschke , president of EFL Associates , an executive search company .
" If , for example , an applicant reports a significant level of personal debt obligations or credit delinquencies that might distract that person from his or her job responsibilities , then a hiring entity may take that information into consideration when comparing such an applicant to another comparative candidate without such distractions . "
Or maybe a company just wants to get a better idea of the person it 's considering hiring .
" Financial information may not be the employer 's priority .
Ensuring that your employees are responsible and ethical is a must , " Yager says .
" Relying on character references is becoming less reliable than verifying records and professionally screening workers beforehand .
It 's true that credit checks can verify demographic and location information .
They will include identifiers such as name , spouse , Social Security number , alias , address , phone and previous employment . "
Barry Maher , author of " Filling the Glass , " adds that a credit report can provide a snapshot of a person 's economic life that may confirm or contradict the résumé .
" Perhaps someone claims they made a good six - figure income for the last 10 years , yet they show repeated credit problems during that period .
Are they lying about their income ?
Are they poor money managers ?
Do they have a major financial issue that 's draining their resources ?
Any of these might ( or might not ) have a negative effect on their job . "
The Fair Credit Reporting
Act governs almost all issues related to the use of credit reports .
Job applicants have the right to a copy of their credit report , and the law requires the hiring entity to provide a copy to the job applicant .
In addition , if an employer decides not to hire a candidate based on the results of a credit report , the candidate must be told the reason why and be provided with the credit report information .
Job seekers must be prepared to deal with a potential employer looking at their credit report .
If you have a less than stellar credit score , here are three things you can do :
1 . Be prepared for the scrutiny
" Just as you would if showing your home to a prospective buyer , tidy up your credit record before you put your career on the market , " Yager says .
" Know your credit score , and examine your credit record .
If there 's an error , U.S. residents can visit the Federal Trade Commission 's website to learn step - by - step how to dispute and correct the error .
But keep in mind , there is no quick fix that instantly raises a credit score , so have some patience . "
2. Bring up issues on your own
" As an applicant , if you 've got credit problems and the company asks permission to run a credit report , you 're far better off if you bring up any issues they 're likely to uncover proactively , getting out your side of the story before the company even realizes there is a story , " Maher says .
" A lot of people have problems with their credit , particularly nowadays .
But you need to control the story , not let the credit reporting company control it .
Hiring companies understand no applicant is perfect , but they want to understand that imperfection , whatever it may be . "
3. Realize you 're not alone
" In most cases , a degradation of credit history is a slow process and would most likely affect those candidates that have been out of work the longest the most , " Powell says .
" Remember , if your credit history has been damaged , you 're in the same boat as countless job candidates .
And do n't forget , it 's a huge boat .
Employers have a responsibility to hire the most competent and qualified candidate .
Be prepared and have a plan . "
© CareerBuilder.com 2011 .
All rights reserved .
The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .
SAN FRANCISCO 
That did n’t take long .
Just 48 days after Microsoft began selling the Kin , a smartphone for the younger set , the company discontinued it because of disappointing sales .
The swift turnabout for the Kin , which Microsoft took two years to develop and whose release was backed with a hefty ad budget , is the latest sign of disarray for Microsoft ’s recently reorganized consumer product unit .
“ It ’s an absolute failure , ” said Charles S. Golvin , an analyst with Forrester Research .
Mr. Golvin said he was surprised to see Microsoft kill a product so quickly , given the company ’s history of sticking with new products and improving them over time .
Microsoft ’s consumer products unit has struggled to offer a credible competitors to Apple ’s iPod and more recently the iPhone and an array of smartphones powered by Google ’s Android software .
Alex Jones & Aaron Dykes
Infowars.com
July 29 , 2010
The grocery store , along with your kitchen sink , are two of the most dangerous places in the world .
In a special video , Alex Jones addresses one of the darkest modes of power the globalists have used to control the population– food .
The adulteration of the planet ’s staple crops , genetically - altered species and intentionally - altered water , food and air all amount to a Eugenics operation to weaken the masses and achieve full spectrum domination .
PART 1/2
People the world over , but especially in the United States are under chemical attack .
Deadly and dangerous toxins ranging from Aspartame to Fluoride , GMO , Mercury - tainting , pesticides , cross-species chimeras , plastic compounds in chicken , high fructose corn syrup , cloned meat , rBGH and new aggressive GM species of salmon have all entered into our diets and environments – whether we want it or not .
PART 2/
2
Many of these substances knowingly cause or are linked with sterility , low birth weight , miscarriages , smaller or deformed offspring , as well as organ failure , cancer , brain tumors and Death itself , what you DON ’T know about on your grocery shelves can hurt you .
Further ,
Alex demonstrates that a pattern of buried studies , fraudulent statistics and a will reduce global population all point to the deliberate criminal poisoning of the food and water supply .
{openx:49}
Suffer no fools if those you show refuse to believe what is going on .
Instead , research these important areas for yourself , and warn those you love about need to stop their food from being used as a Depopulation - weapon against us all .
Please share this important video with everyone , so the truth about these substances can be known .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Virgin Galactic suborbital spaceliner SpaceShipTwo makes its first crewed flight on July 15,2010 over the Mojave Desert in California , one of a series of test flights before the first free flight of the passenger ship for space tourism flights .
Full story .
A private suborbital spaceship built for the space tourismfirm Virgin Galactic made its first flight with a crew onboard Thursday as itsoared over California 's Mojave Desert beneath its enormous mothership .
The commercial spaceliner ?
called VSSEnterprise , one of the company 's fleet of SpaceShipTwospacecraft ?
did not try to reach space in the test flight .
Instead , it stayed firmly attached to its WhiteKnight Two VMSEve mothership .
The two crewmembers riding onboard VSSEnterprise evaluated all of the spacecraft ?s systems and functions duringthe 6 - hour , 12 - minute flight , Virgin Galactic officials said in a statement .
Inaddition , automated sensors and ground crews conducted thorough vehicle systemstests .
[ Photos from the SpaceShipTwo test flight . ]
" Objectives achieved , " Virgin Galactic officialssaid in a statement on the company 's website .
" Congratulations to thewhole team ! "
Three other crewmembers flew aboard the Eve mothership , which is designed to carry SpaceShipTwo to an altitude above 50,000 feet ( 15,240 meters ) before the spacecraft drops and fires its hybrid rocket motor to launchinto suborbital space .
Virgin Galactic was founded by British billionaire SirRichard Branson .
The SpaceShipTwo spacecraft and their WhiteKnightTwomotherships are built for Virgin Galactic by Mojave , Calif . - based ScaledComposites , which was founded by veteran aerospace designer Burt Rutan .
SpaceShipTwo is built to carryeight people ( six passengers and two pilots ) on suborbital flights thatwould reach outer space for a few minutes , though would not go high enough toenter Earth orbit .
The flights will provide a weightless experience and aview of the blackness of space and glowing Earth below .
Tickets cost $ 200,000 per person .
Rutan and Scaled Composites also built SpaceShipTwo 'spredecessor , the smaller suborbital craft SpaceShipOne financed by Microsoftco - founder Paul Allen , which won the $ 10 million Ansari X Prize for reusable , manned suborbital spacecraft in 2004 .
Thursday 's captive flight test was the 33rd voyage of themothership VMS Eve , one of company 's the WhiteKnight Two craft .
It was the thirdcaptive - carry flight for VSS Enterprise .
The first ofthese joint flights occurred earlier this year in March .
The mothership crew consisted of Mark Stucky , PeterKalogiannis and Brian Maisler , while Peter Siebold and Michael Alsbury rodeaboard VSS Enterprise .
The VSS Enterprise is the first in a planned fleet ofsuborbital SpaceShipTwo spacecraft for Virgin Galactic .
While the first testflights are being flown from Mojave , Calif. , Virgin Galactic is building aterminal for space tourism flights at Spaceport America in New Mexico as well .
The VSS Enterprise named after the fictional starship of thesame name from the science fiction television franchise " Star Trek . "
WE should never do anything to compromise the fact that the love of a mother can be one of the most powerful forces in nature .
A woman 's body is equipped to carry a child for nine months , to give birth and also to breastfeed .
The very act of breastfeeding fosters a close bond between mother and child .
Clearly , therefore , nature intends a child to have a mother .
Few people would deny that mothers have a special place in our lives and that every child deserves the chance to have a mother .
I could not help feeling sad when I watched the TV scenario of the baby girl adopted by the gay couple on the TV show Modern Family .
The little girl represents many who will never know the joy of being snuggled in their mothers ' arms .
Sure , she will have two dads who can perform many of the functions that a mother can , but even 20 loving and caring dads could never make up for not having a mum .
There is something highly disturbing about deliberately creating a family with the intention that there will be no female parent .
This is precisely why Mother 's Day is so special .
Why do we shower our mums with presents and flowers ?
If a man can be a substitute for a mum , then Mother 's Day would be meaningless .
However , Mother 's Day is profoundly meaningful to many people and this is testimony to the importance of mothers and the special and unique place they have in our hearts and in our lives .
With the damage that we humans have caused to the environment , we should be more cautious about messing with nature , especially when it comes to the family unit .
The only natural way of producing a baby is through the union of a man and a woman .
Therefore , nature obviously intends all children to have both a mum and a dad .
I 'm sure same - sex couples who want to adopt have good intentions but what about all the good heterosexual couples desperately waiting to adopt a child ?
Why would anyone want to rob a child of the wonderful experience of having a mum ?
All those little , everyday things my mother did that I used to take for granted but that I now look back on with fondness : mum waiting to pick us up after school , mum cooking our favourite meals , mum listening to our problems .
To all these tasks , a mother brings a uniquely feminine approach .
It is not enough to have a close female friend of the family , as a child needs a mum .
I suspect many mums would be offended if told they could easily be replaced in their child 's life by a man .
Moreover , it is highly offensive to suggest that a woman can be substituted by any man , whether he is gay or straight .
Feminists claim we need more women in parliament , more women in big business , yet when it comes to the most important role of all , raising a future citizen , we say it 's fine for there to be two dads but no mum .
It 's all very well for those who have a mum to say there 's nothing wrong with a child having two dads and no mum , but they 're not the guinea pigs , are they ?
Who are we to use the next generation of children as the subject of our social engineering experiments ?
The needs of children will always be more important than political correctness .
When creating laws about who can adopt children , the prime issue is the needs and rights of children , not adults .
Whether parents are adoptive or biological , a child needs and deserves both a mum and a dad .
To deny the importance of mums is to denigrate both women and motherhood .
Catherine Sheehan is a Melbourne writer who is employed by the Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne
Originally published as No man will ever replace a real mum
Iran has imposed a media blackout over the case of a 43 - year - old mother of two who was sentenced to be stoned to death and whose fate is still unclear despite an apparent " reprieve " .
Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani is still facing execution by hanging after being convicted of adultery , her son told the Guardian today .
Newspapers , agencies and TV channels in Iran have been banned from reporting Mohammadi Ashtiani 's death sentence , despite an international campaign launched by her children , which has been joined by politicians and celebrities from all over the world .
The campaign , first highlighted by the Guardian last week , has failed to stop the Iranian authorities from pressing ahead .
Last night the Iranian embassy in London issued an opaque statement saying that Mohammadi Ashtiani would not be stoned to death .
" According to information from the relevant judicial authorities in Iran , she will not be executed by stoning punishment , " it said .
The statement was not reported inside Iran and neither was the news of stoning death sentences for 15 other Iranians .
" It 's not the first time we are banned from reporting a stoning case , but because of the sensitivity over Sakineh 's case the censorship for her story is even stricter , " said an Iranian journalist from Tehran who asked not to be named .
" We are banned from reporting any details about her case .
If they think that it [ stoning to death ] is an Islamic rule , why are they afraid of it so much ?
I think that the statement issued by Iran 's embassy in London is just to calm down the situation .
Once the outrage has cooled off , they might hang Sakineh instead . "
Iran has not stoned a woman to death since 2007 when the execution of Mahboubeh M sparked outcry in Iran .
She had been forced to confess to adultery .
" They told her that they 'll pour boiling water on her head if she refuses to confess that she had sex with another man except her husband , " said Soheila Vahdati , a human rights activist in California .
" They executed her in secret and we were all informed when her death sentence was completed . "
Mahboubeh 's story became known only when an official witness of her death revealed that she had been buried alive up to her shoulders while the guards stoned her to death .
A number of men have been stoned to death in recent years .
Mohammadi Ashtiani's son , Sajad , 22 , who began the campaign to save her , said the embassy 's statement has not stopped him worrying for his mother .
" They just said that she wo n't be stoned , it does n't mean that she wo n't be executed .
She 's still on death row . "
A prisoner reprieved before stoning may be hanged , as was the case for Abdollah Farivar in 2008 .
Farivar , convicted of " illicit relationship outside marriage " , was initially sentenced to death by stoning but later hanged when a campaign for his case attracted worldwide attention .
British man used tractor to achieve speed record Wednesday , May 26 , 2010
Many who have used tractors in the past may not be satisfied with the pace of their machines , as they sit in the hot sun taking care of their lawns .
However , a British man has taken that desire to get a lawn mower moving faster to another level .
Don Wales recently set the land - speed record for a lawn mower by running his machine at more than 87 mph .
That speed beat the team 's previous record of just over 86 mph , which was set a few days before .
Prior to the British run , the speed record for a lawn mower was set in America at just over 80 mph .
Along with achieving a record - setting pace for a lawn mower , the project has managed to raise funds for a charity that supports a hospital in the United Kingdom .
Although they probably wo n't achieve the speeds seen during the British run , a number of enthusiasts across the U.S. have used tractors at racing events .
In fact , fairs in states such as Indiana have featured lawn mower races and have given amateurs a chance to race their own machines .
A federal judge has backed CIA efforts to conceal information about treatment of detainees , even if the suppressed records contain details about illegal activity on the part of the intelligence agency .
U.S. District Judge Alvin Hellerstein ruled that he was unwilling to “ second - guess the CIA Director regarding the appropriateness of any particular intelligence source or method , ” while rejecting the American Civil Liberties Union ’s request to obtain records related to the treatment of detainees , those who died in U.S. custody and the names of anyone kidnapped and sent to secret prisons .
ACLU Deputy Legal Director Jameel Jaffer said his organization was “ dismayed ” by Hellerstein ’s decision , which could be construed as giving the CIA “ a license to suppress evidence of criminal activity . ”
- Noel Brinkerhoff
Document Friday : “ A Scenario for a Potential Blowout of the Well … is Not Required . ”
As the oil sludge begins to wash up on the Gulf Coast , this week ’s documents begin to examine the oversights and decisions which led up to the British Petroleum Deepwater Horizon catastrophe .
We ’ll start with the Initial Exploration Plan for Mississippi Canyon Block 252 , which British Petroleum submitted in 2009 to the Minerals Management Service , the federal agency responsible for selling oil leases .
( Some may recall that in 2007 the MMS was rocked with several drug and “ sex for oil ” scandals . )
Block 252 is the precise location in the Gulf of Mexico where the Deepwater Horizon drilling vessel –leased from TransOcean Ltd by BP– exploded , killed eleven oilmen , blew out –and may eventually become the largest oil spill in American history .
The Initial Exploration Plan ( IEP ) –reported by Propublica– is straightforward , brief , and closely resembles those of other Gulf oil well plans .
Still , it presents several important details about the events leading up to the disaster :
First , the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig was not originally slated to drill the well .
A different rig named The Marianas –also owned by TransOcean Ltd– was named as the vessel in the IED .
Supposedly , a tight drilling schedule led to the Deepwater Horizon ’s last minute assignment .
The Plan also shows that British Petroleum had a relaxed and errant view of the dangers posed by a spill .
It ominously stated that “ A scenario for a potential blowout of the well from which BP would expect to have the highest volume of liquid hydrocarbons is not required for the operations proposed in this EP [ Exploration Plan ] . ”
The IEP projected that even though a uncontrolled blowout could cause a “ worst case scenario of 162,000 barrels of uncontrolled barrels of oil per day , ” a “ site - specific Oil Spill Response Plan ” was not required .
Currently up to 25,000 barrels of oil per day may be flowing uncontrolled from the site .
BP maintains that it did not need a specific spill plan because its regional oil spill plan was sufficient .
The IEP projected that even though a uncontrolled blowout could cause a “ worst case scenario of 162,000 barrels of uncontrolled barrels of oil per day , ” a “ site - specific Oil Spill Response Plan ” was not required .
Currently up to 25,000 barrels of oil per day may be flowing uncontrolled from the site .
BP maintains that it did not need a specific spill plan because its regional oil spill plan was sufficient .
Finally , the Plan “ certified ” that “ BP has the capacity to respond , to the maximum extent practicable , to a worst - case discharge . ”
Its most jaw - dropping prediction was that in the event of an oil spill , Gulf beaches would be subjected to “ no significant adverse impacts . ”
Why did this Initial Exploration Plan treat the threat of an oil spill so lightly ?
Perhaps because BP ( and other oil companies ) strenuously lobbied the MMS not to increase the regulation of drilling .
In one 14 September 2009 letter to the Department of the Interior , BP argued that “ we are not supportive of [ … ] extensive , prescriptive regulations .
“ BP instead preferred voluntary programs , which it stated “ have been and continue to be very successful . ”
BP also successfully fought proposed MMS regulations which mandated the installation of a type of “ blowout preventer , ” which may have averted the current disaster .
BP ’s CEO , Tony Hayward , speaking about the spill , recently claimed that “ It was n’t our accident . ”
Documents will be the primary tools we use to determine whether his declaration is , in fact , correct .
I ’ll close with one final quasi- related piece of bad news concerning documents and the environment .
Earlier this week , Secrecy News reported that the Southwestern region of the EPA failed to document its investigation of a potentially dangerous landfill in an attempt to shield itself from FOIA requests .
An EPA Inspector General ’s Report stated that EPA Region Six ( which includes Texas , New Mexico , Oklahoma , Arkansas , and Louisiana ) had violated the both the Freedom of Information Act and Federal Records
Act by not sufficiently recording its actions while monitoring the Sandia National Laboratory ’s Mixed Waste Landfill .
Region six , according to an EPA employee , “ discontinued record keeping in favor of undocumented phone calls and conversations with NMED [ the New Mexico Environment Department ] to prevent the production of documents [ which could have been requested through the Freedom of Information Act ] . ”
The IG report also stated that EPA Region Six incorrectly marked unclassified documents as “ confidential ” to prevent their disclosure to the public .
Perhaps the silver lining these in transgressions is that the EPA Inspector General took an active role in enforcing proper FOIA policies .
As we hope for the best in the Gulf of Mexico , it is important to remember that public access to information is a key weapon we can use to protect our environment .
Join in the contest !
Submissions are accepted until August 6th !
Is it coincidence or conspiracy ?
Supporters of five Cuban intelligence agents now serving lengthy sentences in US federal prison following controversial espionage convictions , say federal government documents detailing payments made by a US government - run anti-Castro propaganda operation to prominent Miami - area journalists prove a conspiracy .
Articles by those journalists and others , a federal appeals court once noted , contributed significantly to inflaming “ pervasive community prejudice ” in Miami which made it impossible for the agents known as the Cuban Five to receive a fair trial .
Others , however , claim it ’s just coincidence that the same journalists who were paid $ 1,125 to $ 58,600 to appear on anti-Castro programs produced by the U.S. Office of Cuba Broadcasting before and during the trial for the Cuban Five also published scandalous articles about the Five in an influential Spanish language newspaper owned by the Miami Herald and in other local media .
The National Committee to Free the Cuban Five , during a recent press conference in Washington , released documents listing both the amounts of federal funds paid to the journalists and the articles they published .
“ This is a most blatant and outrageous example of government influence destroying the right to a fair trial and the right to appeal , ” said Gloria La Riva , Coordinator of the National Committee .
“ During the pre-trial period there were hundreds of articles on the Cuban Five and not one was favorable , ” La Riva said .
La Riva , in her remarks at the National Press Club in Washington , said the payments to journalists , funneled through Radio and TV Marti , violated federal law banning domestic government propaganda .
The National Committee along with the National Lawyers Guild , the Partnership for Civil Justice and the A.N.S.W.E.R. Coalition are calling upon U.S. Attorney General Eric
Holder to take immediate action to correct the unjust convictions of the Cuban Five – two of whom are serving life sentences .
The eight - month long trial for the Cuban Five that ended with their convictions in June 2001 is widely condemned as unfair partly due to the acid nature of the anti-Cuban Five news coverage that saturated Miami , where the trial was held despite repeated defense requests to have the proceeding moved away from a city containing America ’s largest anti-Castro Cuban population .
A May 2005 legal analysis of the Cuban Five case conducted by the United Nation ’s Human Rights Commission proclaimed the original trial “ did not take place in the climate of objectivity and impartiality ” required for fair trials .
The Commission ’s report called for a new trial .
The US federal appeals court panel that ordered a new trial for the Cuban Five in August 2005 concluded that extensive pre-trial publicity and publicity during the trial , coupled with prosecutorial misconduct , created a “ perfect storm ” of gale - force unfairness against the defendants .
President George W. Bush ’s administration demanded a rehearing on that new trial grant and won a reversal in an August 2006 ruling that found insufficient evidence that news articles ‘ impaired ’ the right to an impartial jury .
The U.S. Supreme Court rejected an appeal from the Five .
Ironically the same federal prosecutors who claimed “ objective ” news coverage did n’t rob the Cuban Five of their fair trial rights cited negative coverage in Miami when seeking to relocate the trial of a Hispanic federal agent who filed a race discrimination lawsuit against the federal government .
This astounding flip - flop by federal prosecutors regarding the prejudicial impact of news coverage came exactly one year after the Five ’s conviction .
Federal appellate judges found no fault with this flip - flop .
The Cuban Five , who were dispatched to the US to monitor the activities of anti-Cuban organizations in the US , enjoy hero status in their Caribbean island nation .
These men have support from governmental leaders of a wide array of nations including Argentina , Belgium , Mali , Panama , Russia and Sweden .
These leaders see the Five ’s imprisonment as persecution , noting that vindictive federal authorities are even denying wives of two Five members permission to visit their incarderated husbands .
The five are : Antonio Guerrero ; Fernando Gonzalez ; Gerardo Hernandez ; Ramon Labanino and Rene Gonzalez .
U.S. authorities consider the Cuban Five dangerous operatives inserted into the U.S. to undermine opponents of the Cuban government living in the U.S. and to spy on U.S. military installations and U.S. political and law enforcement activities .
The Five , however , say their U.S. mission sought to only prevent violence in Cuba by monitoring violent anti-Castro extremists in south Florida , some of whom were conducting terrorists attacks inside Cuba .
Curiously , the FBI arrested the Five in September 1998 , three months after the Cuban government gave the FBI voluminous documentation on anti-Cuban government terrorists operating in south Florida , some of whom were openly engaged in paramilitary training .
“ The Cuban government gave the FBI names , addresses , videos and documents .
The FBI took the information , said they would get back to them but never did , ” said Leonard Weinglass , the attorney handling appeals for the Cuban Five .
Weinglass is preparing to file a new round of appeals for the Cuban Five in mid-June that will include evidence of the government payments to those journalists who later authored negative articles .
“ No one knew at the time of the trial about the heavy hand of government interference .
The reporting was very prejudicial , ” observed Weinglass , who did n’t represent the Five at their original trial .
The National Committee to Free the Cuban Five is engaged in a separate legal battle to pry additional documents from the U.S. Office of Cuba Broadcasting regarding its payments to journalists .
The office is s refusing to release these .
Some see similarities in government payments to journalists like Pablo Alfonso ( who received $ 58,600 during the Five ’s detention and trial period , during which time he wrote 16 negative articles ) , with the much criticized payments the Bush Administration provided journalists to advocate for its No Child Left Behind education program .
One of those Bush - financed “ journalists , ” conservative media personality Armstrong Williams , received $ 240,000 in payments … payments that a 2005 GAO report subsequently declared illegal .
Yet a more accurate comparison of government - journalist collusion is the FBI ’s secret employment of news media sources to generate negative publicity during its infamous COINTELPRO assaults against African - American and anti-Vietnam War activists during the late 1960s and early 1970s .
COINTELPRO actions included interference with court proceedings in an effort to win convictions .
“ Much of the Bureau ’s propaganda efforts involved giving information or articles to “ friendly ” media sources , ” stated a 1976 U.S. Senate report on the illegal COINTELPRO actions .
The deliberate journalistic sabotage of the Cuban Five trial by paid - off journalists , as detailed in the documents released by the National Committee , apparently is not news considered worthy of reporting by mainstream U.S. media , which has blacked out the story .
A post -press conference examination found no next - day coverage in domestic mainstream media in the news data bases of Google , LEXIS and Yahoo .
“ The U.S. news media has n’t covered the Cuban Five story sufficiently , ” says National Committee Coordinator Gloria La Riva .
From miraculous survivals to bizarre medical disorders , the medical world is crawling with astounding tales .
Here ’s just a sampling of the many stories the medical community has to offer .
Feel free to add your own astonishing medical tales in the comments …
10 Trimethylaminuria
Thimethylaminuria is a rare metabolic disorder that causes the defect in a certain enzyme that breaks down trimethylamine , a compound released by protein - digesting bacteria , living in our stomach .
Sufferers then begin to release the compound through their sweat , urine and other bodily fluids .
The result ?
A lingering body odor reminiscent of rotten fish , thus earning the disease its more famous nickname ‘ fish odor syndrome . ’
The bad news ?
The disease is incurable .
The good news ?
Aside from the odor , the disease has no other visible effect on the body ( not counting the psychological effect the disease inflicts upon its victims ) , and the odor can be controlled by a low - protein diet that limits the intake of choline , an amino acid that can cause the odor to arise ( although there has been cases where this did n’t have an effect on the symptom ) .
Interesting Fact :
In the William Shakespeare play ‘ The Tempest , ’ one of its characters , Caliban , the socially rejected island dweller , exhibited symptoms of fish - odor syndrome , as evidenced by the following lines : “ What have we here ?
A man or a fish ?
Dead or alive ?
He smells like a fish ; a very ancient and fish - like smell … ” which may suggest that the disorder was known at that time .
In reality , the first recorded case of trimethylaminuria in medical literature happened in the 1970’s .
9 Survived Rabies Without Vaccination
Jeanna Giese , of Fon du Lac , Wisconsin , defied medical odds by being the first person to survive rabies without a vaccination in 2004 .
The , then - 15 - year - old girl , got infected with the virus when she got bitten by a bat , but since the wound she sustained was shallow , she did n’t seek medical attention until thirty - seven days later , when the virus began attacking her body .
The disease then progressed so fast that by the time she was admitted and diagnosed at the Children ’s Hospital of Wisconsin in Milwaukee , she was in a near - state coma .
But instead of giving up , Rodney Willoughby , an infectious disease specialist in the hospital , decided to try a novel treatment on Giese to save her life .
The treatment involved giving her a cocktail of drugs that would induce a coma , to preserve her brain from the virus .
This was to give Giese ’s immune system time to fight the deadly disease , while giving her a chance to survive .
The risky treatment worked , however , and thirty - one days later , she was declared rabies - free .
Although the treatment left Giese with some brain damage , the girl responded to rehabilitation therapy and recovered quickly , much to the surprise of her doctors .
Interesting Fact :
The experimental treatment that was used to cure Giese , dubbed the Milwaukee Protocol , is now currently under trial , and so far two patients out of twenty - five were cured .
However , there had been some controversies regarding Giese ’s survival under the treatment , one of which is that Giese was infected with a weaker form of rabies , and that significantly affected her response to the treatment .
8 Constant Eater
Lizzie Velasquez of Austin , Texas , suffers from an extremely rare , yet - to - be - diagnosed , disorder that prevents her from gaining weight .
As a result , she has almost zero body fat and she needs to eat a small meal every fifteen minutes just to stay healthy .
Also , the disorder left her with a weakened immune system and blindness in one eye .
Only two other people in the world are known to have this bizarre syndrome , which gave Velasquez a withered , skeletal appearance .
Despite all of this , the disease did n’t hamper Velasquez ’s will to live .
She is currently studying communications at Texas State University , and lives a very active life .
She wants to be a motivational speaker , inspiring others to live life to the fullest , as she does .
She has written an autobiography , to be released this September .
“ God made me the way I am for a reason and I would never change that , ” she writes .
“ I lead a normal life as much as possible , and deal with the bumps in the road as they come along , with my head held high and a smile on my face ! ”
Interesting Fact :
In an effort to diagnose her mystery condition , Velasquez has joined a genetic study run by Professor Abhimanyu Garg of the University of Texas .
Garg suspects Velasquez may have a form of neonatal progeroid syndrome , which causes “ accelerated aging , fat loss from the face and body , and tissue degeneration . ”
For more information , visit Lizzie ’s site .
7 Baby with a ‘ Mask ’
A 14 - month old boy from Hunan , China , was born with a transverse facial cleft crossing his face from ear to ear , dividing his face into two parts , giving him the illusion that he ’s wearing a mask .
The cause for the defect of the baby ( named Kangkang ) is still undetermined , but an infection might be the culprit .
Although the treatment to correct the cleft is terribly expensive , Kangkang ’s family were , fortunately , able to come up with the 300 - 400,000 yen needed for the surgery .
Pictured above is a much milder form of the same illness .
Interesting Fact : Facial clefts are , comparatively , rarer that cleft lips and palates , but they have similar origins : they are caused by the incomplete fusing of the facial bones of babies during conception .
6 Three Babies from Two Wombs
Hannah Kersey of Northam , Devon , England , was born with uterus didelphys , a malformation of the reproductive organs that resulted in her having two wombs .
In December 2006 , Kersey defied odds of 25 million to one by giving birth to three healthy girls from her two wombs .
Identical twins Ruby and Tilly were delivered from one womb , while Grace was delivered from the other .
While simultaneous gestation of the two wombs in women with uterus didelphys can happen ( 70 cases were recorded ) , Kersey ’s triplet birth was a medical first .
Interesting Fact : Women with uterus didelphys are often asymptomatic , meaning they are n’t aware of their condition until they are medically examined .
In pregnancies of women with this condition , premature birth is quite common .
In Kersey ’s case , the triplets arrived seven weeks prematurely .
5 Liver Baby
Ncise Cwayita , from South Africa , gave birth to a healthy 2.8 kilogram baby girl , despite the fact that she developed , not in her mother ’s womb , but in her liver .
The strange pregnancy was thought to be caused by the embryo falling out of the fallopian tube and attaching itself to her liver ( this is called extrauterine pregnancy ) .
Since the liver is a rich source of food for the embryo , it continued to gestate as normal , as it is protected by the placenta .
Although babies developed out of the uterus often die within a few weeks , the baby girl , named Nhlahla ( ‘ luck ’ in Zulu ) appears to be perfectly healthy .
Interesting Fact :
There have been only fourteen documented cases of babies conceived in their mother ’s liver .
Of these cases , only four survived the pregnancy ( including Nhlahla ) .
4 Lost Skin
After taking a ten - day course of Bactrim , a very common antibiotic , to treat a sinus infection , Sarah Yeargain , from San Diego , California , was shocked when her skin suddenly started sloughing off her body .
‘ I started to get some minor swelling and discoloration in my face and it progressed into blistering on lips and swelling on my eyes .
It then progressed into blisters all over my face and chest and arms , ’ Yeargain said .
Two days later , at the San Diego Regional Burn Center at the University of California , she lost the skin on her entire body , including her internal organs and the membranes on her eyes , mouth and throat .
Doctors gave her a slim chance of survival , but after covering her entire body with transcyte , an artificial skin replacement , and some medications to control the internal bleeding , Yeargain miraculously recovered .
Within a week later , her skin grew back .
It is thought that the cause of Yeargain ’s dramatic skin loss is toxic epidermal necrolysis , which basically is a severe allergic reaction to the antibiotic she took .
Interesting Fact : Fans of the TV series ‘ House , M.D. ’ might recall the second - to - the - last episode of Season 5 ( entitled ‘ Under My Skin ’ ) , where a patient exhibited toxic epidermal necrolysis while under House and his medical team ’s care .
3 Keys in Brain
In September 2008 , 17 - month old Nicholas Holderman , from Kentucky , made an astonishingly fast recovery after a freak accident where the toddler had a set of car keys impaled to his brain .
The toddler was playing with his two older brothers when he somehow fell upon the keys .
One of the keys pierced his eyelid and made it all the way to his brain .
The parents Staci and Chris , alerted by his scream , went immediately to see what happened and were shocked by what they saw .
The mother immediately called 911 , and Nicholas was helicoptered to a medical unit .
The medical team managed to remove the key successfully , without damage to the brain , and although the eye was ruptured , Nicholas ’s eyesight was completely unaffected .
Interesting Fact : A quite similar but less severe incident occurred at a restaurant in Minnesota on July 2007 , where an unnamed boy accidentally fell upon the fork he was holding .
Fortunately , the fork only went through and out of his nose , and it was successfully removed with little damage to his face .
2 Head Reattached
On July 12 , 2002 , 18 - year old Marcos Parra was involved in a car accident that left his skull literally separated from his cervical spine , in a condition called internal decapitation .
Only the ligaments on his neck were connecting his head with his body , but his spinal cord and arteries were intact .
However , a medical team led by Dr. Curtis Dickman ( pictured above ) , a neurosurgeon at the St. Joseph ’s Hospital in Phoenix , Arizona , saved his life by performing a radical , groundbreaking operation wherein two surgical screws were used to fasten Parra ’s head to his spine .
Amazingly , the risky operation worked , and Parra fully recovered .
Since then , Dickman ’s team has successfully performed the same surgery on two other patients .
Interesting Fact :
There is a similar story to this .
Ricky Barker was also internally decapitated after a 2004 accident where the bike he was riding collided with a car .
Three months later however , Barker walked out of the hospital with only a paralyzed left arm , a limp and a hole in his throat ( so that he could breathe ) to remind him of the accident that almost took his life .
1 The girl who does n’t age
Brooke Greenberg of Reisterstown , Maryland , has baffled the medical world because of her mysterious condition .
Brooke , who just turned seventeen last January , still has the physical appearance and mental capacity of a toddler .
She is just 30 inches ( 76 cm ) tall and weighs around 16 pounds ( 7.3 kg ) and her mental age is estimated to be about the same as a 9 to 12 month - old child .
She also has n’t learned to speak yet .
Scientists , who have termed Brooke ’s condition Syndrome X , believe that her abnormality is caused by a defect in the genes that control her body ’s aging .
“ There ’ve been very minimal changes in Brooke ’s brain … Various parts of her body , rather than all being at the same stage , seem to be disconnected , ” said Dr. Richard Walker of the University of South Florida College of Medicine , of Brooke ’s aging process .
However , scientists see Brooke ’s condition as an opportunity for them to study the mysterious process of aging .
Walker , who has already published a paper on Brooke ’s disorder , said , “ Our hypothesis is that she is suffering from damage in the gene or genes that coordinate the way the body develops and age .
If we can use her DNA to find that mutant gene then we can test it in laboratory animals to see if we can switch if off and slow down the aging process at will .
Just possibly it could give us an opportunity to answer the question of why we are mortal . ”
Interesting Fact :
When specialists began decoding Brooke ’s DNA sequence , they found out that certain genes associated with DNA repair were normal .
Mutated copies of those genes are thought to be responsible for ‘ rapid aging ’ disorders like progeria and Werner syndrome .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
07/15/2010
' NY Post ' columnist : ' Kids ' the one she loathes
by Jeremy Hooper
First of all , she 's factually wrong in just her second paragraph :
In the first frames of the new flick " The Kids Are All Right , " two boys snort coke
Bullcrapballs !
It 's not coke .
The " bad " friend crushes up some pills ( Adderall , I believe ) and uses peer pressure to convince the " good " kid to snort it .
It 's a one - time thing -- something the " good " kid clearly does n't really want to do .
And its made clear throughout the film that the " bad " kid is seen as bad news .
Not as a monolithic stand - in for bad men everywhere -- just a stand - in for one this one particular " bad " kid .
But why should any fact get in the way of New York Post columnist Andrea Peyser 's truly gross attempt to paint The Kids Are All Right as a propaganda film ( a " brazen attempt at trend - setting , " in fact ) that 's out to destroy America ?
After all , she clearly has her own pre-set agenda to fulfill :
Choose your lifestyle wisely , moviegoers .
For this film is set to go down in history as the first major motion picture to make a family led by gay women -- A - lister Annette Bening , as the control - freak doctor Nic , " wed " to A - lister Julianne Moore , as the weepy , infantilized Jules -- seem not just normal , but close to godly .
It reaches further than the gay - cowboy romp " Brokeback Mountain , " whose characters maintained a sense of otherness while shielding the kids from their shenanigans .
In this movie , exposing kids is the entire point .
And this is how Hollywood does an end run around morality .
" Hollywood has set the stage for the gay agenda , nothing new , " said Laura Bailey , Brooklyn mom of two boys .
" Why do you think they did propaganda films in the 1940s ?
They 're setting the new norm . "
" The movie industry is doing its best to undermine the American family , " said Patricia Whitehead , Connecticut mom of two girls .
" Hollywood -- we do n't care about the sick lives you lead behind closed doors .
Just do n't bring children into it . "
...
It does n't take a genius to glean the truth : Folks are happy with gays living together .
But bringing children into the equation is a deal - breaker .
* Read more : ' The Kids ' are not all right [ NY Post ]
So hostile .
So overreaching in its grandiose , ham - fisted lumping ( " Hollywood " ; " American family " ; " gays " in general ) .
But where Peyser is most wrong :
In her basic thesis stating that the film tries to make the on - screen family seem " close to godly . "
That could not be further from the reality of this script !
The whole point of the film seems to be that this family and these parents are as mixed and messy and flawed and good and weak and right and wrong and EVERYTHING as any other American family !
In fact , the crucial plot line revolving around broken trust ( with which we had our own problems ) makes this couple seem in some ways more troubled than many other American families ( even though , tellingly , Peyser saw the straight affair as the " only hot and natural relief to this movie 's stifling awkwardness " ) .
This is not a glamour shot of a lesbian family in ANY WAY -- it 's a realistic portrait of one specific family !
This is what makes Peyser 's assessment so much worse .
If we were talking about the kind of over - the - top rom-com that fills so many cinemas , then her point about there being some kind of mythical element would be somewhat more salient .
But as actuality stands , it 100 % seems like Peyser went into this film with her piece already written , and what went on in the 2 hours while she was in that darkened room mattered as much to her as did finding gay - supportive locals to send her some soundbites !
Bad , bad form , Andrea Peyser .
***
**UPDATE from Chris Geidner , with specific emphasis on Peyser 's quoted therapist : Parenting Questions [ Metro Weekly ]
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Stephen Leahy interviews science historian NAOMI ORESKES
PARIS , Mar 24 , 2010 ( IPS )
Even though 2009 was the fifth warmest year since 1850 , and 2000 - 09 the warmest decade ever , according to the World Meterological Organisation , surveys show that public concern about global warming in the United States and Canada has dropped sharply in the past 18 months .
Why ?
Because of a relentless disinformation effort from an unlikely cabal of fossil fuel interests , Christian evangelicals and the media , says Naomi Oreskes , a professor of history and science studies at the University of California , San Diego .
“ They have managed to reopen the debate over global warming in people ’s minds , ” she told IPS .
Oreskes and co-author Erik Conway , a science historian at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , document similar efforts to manufacture doubt around the science on acid rain , the ozone hole , secondhand cigarette smoke , and the pesticide DDT in their just published book , “ Merchants of Doubt : How a Handful of Scientists Obscured the Truth on Issues from Tobacco Smoke to Global Warming ” .
[ Tons of excellent reviews — the “ eye - opener of the year ” says one reviewer . ]
In 2004 , Oreskes was vilified on TV , radio and in print by commentators for providing clear evidence there was in fact a scientific consensus on global climate change .
Her essay in the journal Science examined all of the peer - reviewed scientific papers on climate over the previous 10 years and found none dissented with the theories that climate change was occurring and it was caused by humans .
Her survey has never been successfully challenged , despite many attempts .
IPS environmental correspondent Stephen Leahy spoke to Oreskes over the phone .
Excerpts of the interview follow .
Q : Where is the vehement opposition to the very idea that we need to do something about climate change ?
A : Some of it is ideological , part of a long history in the United States that equates environmental regulation as going down the slippery slope to socialism .
And some is religious .
Christian evangelicals do n’t like science in general and have found common cause with the coal industry as a way to be able to teach creationism .
Obviously , the motivation of the coal industry is rather different but now these people have come together to undermine science in general .
Are you enjoying this article ?
It is funded by contributions from readers .
Please click here to learn more about Community Supported Journalism .
Q : What are some of the common tactics used in the past and now ?
A : They generate all these reports and press releases that look scientific and claim there was a scientific debate , even though it is not coming from the scientific community or coming out of the primary research .
In every case , they denied the severity of the problem and said the science was uncertain .
For example the coal industry launched a campaign to challenge the science of global warming before Rio Earth Summit in 1992 .
( The world community , including the U.S. , was considering action on climate change , and did – creating the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change ) .
The coal industry hired public relations firms to do research on how to change public opinion about global warming .
They were very systematic about it .
Q : What role has the media played in the decline in public concern about climate change ?
A : The media fuss over the emails ( old email messages stolen from the U.K. ’s University of East Anglia ) almost makes me sick .
Why would the media trust the claims of people using stolen material ?
The media has a lot to answer for .
They have done a huge disservice to the public .
About all that was learned from those emails is that scientists are human beings and that when you harass them they get upset , frustrated and defensive .
And sometimes they make bad judgments .
None of this undermines 50 years of climate science .
Q : Various opinion polls now show that half of Americans think the seriousness of climate change is exaggerated and many do not believe humans are responsible despite the clear scientific evidence .
A : Public opinion is fickle and I hope this will blow over .
However , scientists need to get their communication act together .
Scientists have been relying on journalists to explain climate science .
They need to do it themselves .
Q : What about the independent review that Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) will be undergoing this year ?
A : I do n’t think it will be very helpful .
People do n’t really know what the IPCC is or how it works .
They do n’t know that it is a review of science which is massively vetted and that the review process is extremely inclusive .
So I do n’t see how yet another review of the process will really change that .
What is needed is better communication with the public about what IPCC is , how it works , and how science , more generally , works .
Q : What are the prospects for a global climate treaty ?
A : Extremely unlikely .
The lessons from history show up that bottom up is where change happens , at the state and city level .
We do n’t have to wait .
That ’s where I pin my hopes , otherwise it ’s too depressing .
WatchOreskes talk about her book on Utube
Merchants of Doubt Facebook page
44.109380 -79.120461
Interview A couple of months ago , a book appeared in Finland which has become a minor sensation .
In the book , a former senior Nokia executive gives his diagnosis of the company , and prescribes some radical and surprising solutions .
Up until now , the book has not been covered at all in the English language .
This is the first review of the proposals outlined in Uusi Nokia ( New Nokia - the manuscript ) and draws on three hours of interviews with its author , Juhani Risku .
It ’s very , very timely – and even if you do n’t follow Nokia , mobile or telecomms it ’s a fascinating exercise in business analysis and organisational studies .
Enjoy .
[ If you ’re in a hurry – use this handy jump list :
Nokia Research » Symbian » Marketing » Dual CEO model
Design : contextual » London Office
People : Kallasvuo » Vanjokki » Aho » Ojanperä » Ahtisaari » McDowell ]
Juhani Risku is 53 and was independently successful before he joined Nokia – trained as an architect and industrial designer , his company had offices in France and Paris as well as Finland .
He spent nine years at Nokia from 2001 and his various roles at the company included design , usability ( he was head of Symbian user experience design ) and Forum Nokia .
He was also head of Nokia Showroom – the last place before the operators make their decisions on buying the company ’s network systems .
What ’s evident is his affection for the company , which is itself an expression of Finnish culture and philosophy .
In our talk , he often slipped into describing Nokia with “ we ” .
In his scorecard , he gives the company high marks for logistics , manufacturing , sourcing and R&D. For Risku , Nokia remains “ one of the best companies anywhere on Earth ” , and its core talent and assets should see it in good stead .
It needs to change , but does n’t need to throw away its essentially Finnish approach to doing business , as others advise , says Risku .
So what ’s wrong and how should Nokia fix itself ?
The diagnosis is largely one that others have made .
Essentially , Nokia has forgotten how to bring innovative products to market .
This is despite a rich R&D base , which has pioneered many of the innovations competitors now feature .
Instead , a risk - averse bureaucracy has grown up that stifles innovation – it makes progress slow or non-existent .
For example , he cites Maps as an example of where a huge investment was bypassed by faster - moving competitors , and by using engineers , not designers , in product development .
This diagnosis may be familiar , but the proposals quite radical .
Risku proposes a dual - leadership role with an innovator – a Finn who understands the corporate culture – in a kind of “ Steve Jobs ” role .
This would clear the many obstacles that stand between the lab and product concept and products .
There would be a bloodbath of middle managers – starting with 300 to 500 staff at senior VP , VP or director level .
This he calls a GRO program , or Get - Rid-Of .
But surprisingly , Risku does n’t recommend a culture transplant , of bringing in Americans .
A sub -text to so much Nokia criticism today is that it does n’t do business the American way .
But doing so would be a disaster , he says – “ aggressive and arrogant ” would n’t work .
Both Olli-Pekka and leading internal candidates are competent and could mentor their successors – but new thinking is required .
Takeovers have created dozens of Jewish ' outposts ' in the Muslim quarter of Jerusalem 's Old City in recent years
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Israeli settlers took over a Palestinian home in the Muslim quarter of Jerusalem 's Old City today , evicting about 45 members of an extended family which has occupied the building for more than 70 years .
The settlers claimed to have documentation to prove they had purchased the building from the owners .
The Palestinian tenants , who have been fighting attempts to evict them for many years , were challenging the takeover in court .
A police spokesman said the Israelis had entered the home " based on documents claiming that they owned the property " .
According to Mohammed Kirresh , 22 , a member of the Palestinian family , " Jewish people and Israeli soldiers with weapons " came at 2 am , when most of the family was at a wedding .
He said the family , which had rented the property since 1936 , had won two previous court cases challenging eviction orders .
He claimed the Israelis had broken furniture and damaged belongings .
" Everything we own is inside – our money , ID papers , clothes , food , " he said .
Armed police were guarding the entrance to the house .
Around 20 members of the Kirresh family pledged to stay on the narrow street outside the house .
" We are staying here , " said Mohammed Kirresh .
" We hope the court will rule in our favour . "
The new occupants of the house refused to speak to the press .
Dozens of settler " outposts " have been established in the Old City over recent years , many hanging huge Israeli flags in the Muslim quarter .
Settler organisations have offered large sums to Palestinians to sell property to them .
The Old City is located in East Jerusalem , which Israel captured and occupied – and later annexed – in 1967 .
Angelina Jolie coming to Comic - Con ... we think
By Jen Chaney
Angelina Jolie , soon - to - be seen ( maybe ) in San Diego .
( Reuters )
As we previously reported , Angelina Jolie is in Washington , D.C. today , participating in the press junket for her upcoming stunt - filled spy film , " Salt . "
While participating in round table interviews this morning , I asked her the question currently plaguing celebrity - watching nerds everywhere : are she and Brad Pitt coming to Comic - Con or not ?
" Brad 's working , " she said .
Then she paused .
" That 's all I can tell you . "
I followed up : " But you wo n't say whether you will be there ? "
" I wo n't say whether I will be there , but I know he 's working , " she said .
So Brad Pitt , who would have joined Will Ferrell , Tina Fey and Jonah Hill on the July 24 panel for " MegaMind , " is out .
But Jolie -- who could do one last push for " Salt " that same Thurday , which happens to be the day before the movie opens -- seems like a more definite maybe .
Obviously Sony would n't want to spoil the surprise of her appearance .
But the fact that she did n't outright say no sounds like a pseudo - yes .
I 'll be posting more from the " Salt " round table interviews in coming days .
And I 'll break out the highlights from those last two crucial days of Comic - Con 's schedule in a subsequent post as well .
Did humans live at the same time as dinosaurs ?
The answer is of course no , but about a third of Australians got it wrong in a recent survey .
The survey results are being used to highlight what is being described as a disturbing ignorance about science .
Dr Cathy Foley , president of the Australian Scientific and Technological Societies , says Australians have a long way to go before having good scientific literacy .
" We asked six basic questions in a survey of 1,500 people and only 3 per cent or 4 per cent of them got them all correct , " she said .
" Unfortunately 30 per cent of Australians think reptiles or dinosaurs and humans were alive at the same time , for example , which is probably something I guess worries us .
" Also basic things like how much of the Earth is covered by water , how much of the water we have is fresh .
" These are things we should probably know just as general knowledge as something which a significant , about 30 per cent of the population , are n't able to answer correctly . "
Dr Foley says science literacy should be about people being able to use science in a number of ways .
" One is to make good decisions when they are going to the polls ... and be able to understand the issues which are also scientifically based - energy , food security , climate change , nanotechnology , " she said .
" Another is our whole ability to understand and embrace how wonderful our world is dependent on some level of appreciation of science , while a third thing is just the way of the culture we think has come from a scientific basis .
" For example , Copernicus finally figured out the Earth goes around the Sun and it really changed the way we thought about ourselves and it has gone on and on in that way ever since . "
Dr Foley says Australia finds itself in a grey situation where the number of science and mathematics teachers is declining .
" The reason being that something of between 30 and 50 per cent of science and mathematics teachers are baby boomers who are going to be retiring in the next five to 10 years , " she said .
" This means have we got the teachers coming through and being able to teach in a way which allows students to embrace science and take it with them , rather than being seen as something that is either too hard or something that is n't relevant to them ?
" I think we are in need of investing as much as we can into making sure we have strong teachers , who everyone has to agree are probably one of the most fundamental groups of people in society that make us what we are . "
It 's no secret that Rare has suffered one of gaming 's most trafic falls from grace .
Once considered the cream of the British developer drop , Rare 's eventual subjugation by Microsoft and subsequent software output pretty much killed the company in the eyes of fans .
For one major Rare fan site , however , the final nail was only recently hammered into the coffin .
MundoRare , a fan community with a decade - long pedigree , has closed its doors after one last - ditch attempt to instill faith in Rare was shut down ... by Rare itself .
MundoRare was planning to shoot a documentary about the studio , for no money at all , to be distributed online and via Xbox Live .
The site 's staff were becoming jaded with Rare after years of mis-steps , and this documentary was their way of getting the faith back .
Already struggling to justify its own continued existence , MundoRare was in talks about the ambitious project , until Rare pulled the plug , claiming that the documentary would n't be " on message . "
That basically means Rare 's corporate attitude killed the last bit of love that a loyal fan community had for the developer .
" Despite its ambitious scope , we felt it was an irresistible offer , " explains the site .
" In fact , we are still puzzled over their response .
It was a risk - free operation to be carried away with all legal safety measures deemed necessary and full of good intentions .
It simply makes no sense .
It has changed our perception of Rare forever and leaves us with no other option but to end our support for them . "
This just goes to show what a corporate - minded factory Rare has apparently become .
To turn down a free and loving celebration of its history due to nothing but petty concerns for making sure the company line was towed , is not the kind of pathetic mentality I 'd expect from any developer , let alone Rare .
I think it 's safe to say that any hope of the studio getting back its glory days is well and truly dead .
But hey , at least they have a Wii Sports clone in the works , right ?
MundoRare closes [ MundoRare ]
Image caption Learning to cope without a stomach
Sisters Ravindra and Meeta Singh both had their stomachs removed to beat the cancer which had killed five members of their family .
They both carry the rare mutant E - cadherin gene , seen in around 100 families worldwide , which makes them more prone to stomach cancer and breast cancer .
Ravindra , 30 , already had stomach cancer by the time she had her operation , Meeta decided on the surgery as a preventative measure .
Almost a year after surgery the sisters , from Liverpool , say they are learning to live again , but admit things have been very hard .
" I am a lot better than I was in the earlier months , but obviously there are still side effects from having no stomach , " said Ravindra , who says she often feels tired and dizzy .
If you have not got a stomach then you have to have lots of small meals Simon Dexter
" It 's a year since the surgery and I 'm still scared to go out and enjoy a meal out , " she said .
" When I first came out of surgery the amount I could eat was very minimal , almost spoonfuls .
But almost a year has gone by now and I probably eat about a third of what I used to be able to eat - so it is improving .
" But if I overeat , a few moments after I 've finished eating , I 'll feel discomfort , indigestion , have some acid reflux and then you get what 's called ' dumping ' syndrome which is unfortunately just what it sounds like - urgent diarrhoea . "
Meeta agreed : " It depends what food we 're eating but if it 's a food we 're not supposed to eat , like bread for instance , you can feel the sensation passing down your throat - you can feel it expanding . "
Both sisters have lost about 20 % of their body weight over the year - with Ravindra dropping to just eight stones ( 50.8 kilos ) .
Surgery - the only answer
Simon Dexter , a consultant at Leeds Teaching Hospitals and Meeta 's surgeon , said that although it was a major operation it was possible to live without a stomach .
" The gut is basically a tube , which goes from top to bottom .
The stomach is basically a swelling in the tube , so when you take it out you close the gap , " he said .
" The main function of the stomach is storage .
It allows us to have a big meal and then not worry about it for a while .
" If you have not got a stomach then you have to have lots of small meals .
" The acid in the stomach also helps to sterilise food , but that is not so relevant today as we are not scratching around in the dirt digging up grubs .
" It also helps absorption of iron and vitamin B12 , so you do need extra supplements .
As long as you supplement the various minerals then it should not have any profound effect on general well - being . "
And he said removing the stomach was the only answer for patients who had the disease .
" I do get screening every six months - histology said the cancer had not spread , " said Ravindra .
" It was the only option .
If I had n't had it I would n't be here . "
But Meeta , aged 25 , said she had felt that she too had no option .
" I elected for the surgery as a preventative measure partially based on family history , the fact that my dad died of it when I was 10 years old .
" When my sister had cancer , it made me change my mind .
I 'd been quite reluctant up to then . "
And she said she would not have been happy relying on her regular screening .
" It 's so easily missed , " she said .
" Gastric cancer , it does n't form a tumour so it 's really hard to catch , and it's not until later on when the cancer is more developed that you begin to get symptoms . "
OTTAWA —
The Canadian government refused to join an international chorus of condemnation of a botched Israeli raid on a humanitarian aid flotilla outside territorial waters that left at least 10 dead and many more injured .
Amidst a diplomatic crisis that erupted around the world , Canada and the U.S. - two of Israel ’s staunchest Western allies - appeared to coordinate a message that expressed regret over the lost lives but did not denounce the military pre-dawn action that took place in international waters .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Ottawa early Monday before cutting short his two - day visit , and cancelling a trip Tuesday to Washington .
“ Canada deeply regrets this action , the loss of life and the injuries that have occurred , ” Harper said .
“ Obviously we ’ll be looking in the days that follow to get all the information we can get to find out what has transpired here , ” he told Netanyahu in front of cameras .
Harper added he was “ sorry this has coloured this ( visit ) but delighted ” he could meet with Netanyahu , however briefly .
Amid conflicting reports citing Israeli defence sources and the pro-Palestinian activists involved in the flotilla that was headed to Gaza to break an Israeli blockade , the White House also issued a cautious response .
Mid-afternoon Monday , President Barack Obama spoke by phone to Harper about “ the current situation in the Middle East , ” along with G8/ G20 issues , said Harper aide Dimitri Soudas in a brief advisory to reporters .
Statements from White House aides mirrored Harper ’s , saying Obama had " expressed the importance of learning all the facts and circumstances " surrounding the incident .
A scheduled Obama Memorial Day speech was cancelled due to a thunderstorm .
Netanyahu said the soldiers were forced to defend themselves after they were “ deliberately attacked . ”
“ They were mobbed , they were clubbed , they were beaten , stabbed , there was even a report of gunfire , and our soldiers had to defend themselves , defend their lives or else they would have been killed , ” he said Monday during a photo opportunity with Harper , at which reporters were barred .
Netanyahu added : “ Regrettably in the exchange at least 10 people died .
We regret this loss of life .
We regret any of the violence that was there .
I would like to wish speedy recovery to the wounded , including four of our own soldiers . ”
But the NDP and Bloc Québécois joined a number of international leaders , and countries , which called for an independent international investigation into the incident .
The Liberals , on the other hand , hewed closer to the Harper government ’s reaction , issuing a statement that “ While we will always support Israel ’s right to self - defence , a measured response is important when dealing with security threats in this region . ”
Liberal defence critic Ujjal Dosanjh said while the Israeli raid “ has hurt the cause of peace ” in the Middle East , so would unnecessary posturing and engaging “ in a blame game . ”
“ When you have international inquiries in situations like this , you unnecessarily politicize and polarize the issue , ” said Dosanjh .
“ It does n’t help to polarize the issue . ”
NATO head Anders Fogh Rasmussen said NATO was “ deeply concerned ” about the loss of life .
Rasmussen also said that NATO is seeking further clarification of what happened .
Netanyahu said he had spoke early Monday with Obama .
“ We both agreed we have to have very close consultations right now , ” and will try to reschedule the Washington meeting at the “ earliest date possible . ”
He said both Obama and Harper “ understand that Israel has a great security problem . ”
Netanyahu later refused to answer questions from Canadian reporters as he left Parliament Hill .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon called for a full investigation and expressed shock at the incident .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ It is vital that there is a full investigation to determine exactly how this bloodshed took place .
I believe Israel must urgently provide a full explanation , ” he said .
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas declared three days of official mourning for the dead .
“ What Israel has committed on board the Freedom Flotilla was a massacre , ” said Abbas .
Read more about :
Washington ’s spin machine is in overdrive to counter WikiLeaks ’ massive leak of documents on Afghanistan .
Much of the counterattack revolves around the theme that the documents are n’t particularly relevant to this year ’s new - and - improved war effort .
The White House seized on the time frame of the documents released by WikiLeaks .
“ The period of time covered in these documents ( January 2004 - December 2009 ) is before the President announced his new strategy , ” a White House email told reporters on Sunday evening .
“ Some of the disconcerting things reported are exactly why the President ordered a three month policy review and a change in strategy . ”
Unfortunately , the “ change in strategy ” has remained on the same basic track as the old strategy — except for escalation .
On Tuesday morning , the lead story on the New York Times website noted : “ As the debate over the war begins anew , administration officials have been striking tones similar to the Bush administration ’s to argue for continuing the current Afghanistan strategy , which calls for a significant troop buildup . ”
Even while straining to depict the U.S. war policy as freshly hatched since last winter , presidential spokesman Robert Gibbs solemnly proclaimed that the basis for it has n’t changed since the autumn of 2001 .
“ We are in this region of the world because of what happened on 9/11 , ” Gibbs said on Monday .
“ Ensuring that there is not a safe haven in Afghanistan by which attacks against this country and countries around the world can be planned . ”
In other words : a nifty rationale for perpetual war .
Some Democrats on Capitol Hill were eager to rebrand the war .
“ Under the new counterinsurgency strategy implemented earlier this year , we now have the pieces in place to turn things around , ” said the head of the House Armed Services Committee , Ike Skelton .
“ These leaked reports pre-date our new strategy in Afghanistan and should not be used as a measure of success or a determining factor in our continued mission there . ”
Other prominent war supporters in Washington have tried to show how open they are to tweaking the same doomed approach that they ’re clinging to .
The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , John Kerry , continued his record of hollow leadership by speaking of a need for “ calibrations . ”
A statement from Kerry declared that the leaked documents “ raise serious questions about the reality of America ’s policy toward Pakistan and Afghanistan .
Those policies are at a critical stage and these documents may very well underscore the stakes and make the calibrations needed to get the policy right more urgent . ”
The Washington Post reported that — “ while the leaks may add to the volume of the debate ” — House Speaker Nancy Pelosi “ said they do not address current circumstances .
‘ A lot of it predates the president ’s new policy , ’ Pelosi said . ”
The speaker ’s discomfort with the war has not stopped her from serving as a reluctant enabler .
What has been most significant about “ the president ’s new policy ” is the steady step - up of bombing in Afghanistan and the raising of U.S. troop levels in that country to a total of 100,000 .
None of what was basically wrong with the war last year has been solved by the “ new policy . ”
On the contrary .
Consider the wording of a Washington Post report that “ the documents provide new insights into a period in which the Taliban was gaining strength , Afghan civilians were growing increasingly disillusioned with their government , and U.S. troops in the field often expressed frustration at having to fight a war without sufficient resources . ”
In the current stage of denial , administration spinners are acutely eager to distinguish the “ new policy ” from events as recent as last year — as though we ’re supposed to believe it ’s no longer the case that the Taliban is “ gaining strength ” or that Afghan civilians are “ growing increasingly disillusioned with their government . ”
And if , these days , “ U.S. troops in the field ” are not as inclined to express “ frustration at having to fight a war without sufficient resources , ” the latest boosts of Pentagon outlays for war in Afghanistan merely reflect the unhinged escalation of a war effort that should not exist .
Norman Solomon
Norman Solomon is national co-chair of the Healthcare Not Warfare campaign , launched byProgressive Democrats of America .
His books include “ War Made Easy : How Presidents and Pundits Keep Spinning Us to Death . ”
For more information , go to : www.normansolomon.com
Randy Bernard ’s blueprint for growing the IZOD IndyCar Series in 2011 and beyond began taking shape Wednesday , with the announcement that the inaugural Baltimore Grand Prix will be contested next summer on a 2.4 - mile temporary street circuit incorporating the scenic Inner Harbor area of downtown .
Baltimore Racing Development ( BRD ) has been granted an Aug. 5 - 7 date on next year ’s schedule , a position currently held by Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course .
BRD also announced it has “ at least ” a five - year contract with both the Indy Racing League and City of Baltimore .
The addition of Baltimore to the schedule is the first such change announced during Bernard ’s reign as the IRL ’s new chief executive officer .
The announcement follows unanimous approval of both a Baltimore City Council resolution and a vote of the Maryland Stadium Authority to formally support BRD ’s efforts to pursue bringing an IndyCar Series race to Baltimore .
“ This is an historic day for Baltimore and the State of Maryland , as well as the entire East Coast Region , as we have finalized plans for the IZOD IndyCar Series racing in Baltimore in 2011 , ” Jay Davidson , CEO of the Baltimore Grand Prix and BRD , said in a statement .
“ When we began our pursuit of this race over two years ago , we had a number of major steps to accomplish and are so thankful to the state , city and the community for embracing our efforts .
“ This ‘ three - day festival of speed ’ will not just include car racing , but will feature family - friendly activities , offer great entertainment and much , much more . ”
Among those joining Davidson for the announcement at the Baltimore Convention Center were Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley , Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings - Blake , IRL commercial division president Terry Angstadt , IndyCar driver Graham Rahal and two - time Indianapolis 500 winner Al Unser Jr .
“ This is an extraordinary opportunity for Baltimore to shine in the national spotlight , and benefit from the millions in tourism dollars it will bring to our state , ” O’Malley said .
“ The Baltimore Grand Prix will add to the impressive list of exciting and significant sporting and entertainment events Maryland is home to every year . ”
The Baltimore Grand Prix is expected to attract more than 100,000 people to the area and have an estimated economic impact of $ 70 million , based upon visitor spending on hotel nights , meals , tickets and other purchases .
The 2010 IRL schedule features 17 events , including nine on street and natural - terrain road - courses and eight on ovals .
The addition of Baltimore as a street circuit was made three days after Dario Franchitti won the 94th edition of the Indianapolis 500 – the series ’ premier event – and three days before the Firestone 550k is scheduled for Saturday night at Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth .
The racetrack in Baltimore will be constructed around the streets of downtown , including sections of Russell Street by Oriole Park at Camden Yards , West Pratt Street and along the Inner Harbor on Light Street .
Tickets will go on sale this fall at a variety of price levels .
A wide range of sponsorship and hospitality opportunities will also be available for the Baltimore Grand Prix , ranging from title sponsorship to corporate hospitality suites .
“ In August 2011 , our city will be the home for one of the most exciting sporting events in the world , ” Rawlings - Blake said .
“ In addition to filling city hotel rooms and restaurants , this street race will change the way the world sees Baltimore as a result of global media exposure to millions of Indy Racing League fans who attend similar events in San Paulo , Brazil , Long Beach and St. Petersburg . ”
Angstadt said a number of factors made Baltimore an attractive option to IRL management .
“ Baltimore is a vibrant market that is strategically located in the heart of the Mid-Atlantic Region , ” Angstadt said .
“ The Inner Harbor will make for a spectacular setting for the race , and Baltimore ’s downtown area has all of the elements necessary for a successful event weekend .
The track design will no doubt produce exciting racing for both drivers and fans alike . ”
The Baltimore Grand Prix will be a combination of racing and festivities that will begin Friday morning and culminate on Sunday with the race .
The event will be billed as a “ three - day festival of speed , ” with organizers planning a variety of non-racing activities such as a family fun zone , go - karting , beer gardens , extreme sports demonstrations and professional beach volleyball .
Live music will be available all weekend , from local artists performing throughout the day to nationally - known acts in the evenings .
In addition to the IndyCar Series , the Baltimore Grand Prix will feature a number of support series races to be determined .
Baltimore Racing Development , LLC was formed in 2008 with the intention of bringing a grand prix street race to Baltimore in 2011 .
BRD retained Unser , Chuck Kosich of MJ Promotions ( which owned and operated both the Championship Auto Racing Teams ’ Houston Grand Prix and the Cleveland Grand Prix ) and Martyn Thake , a track designer who has developed grand prix racetracks on three continents .
Turbo engine formula approved : Indy Racing League officials have approved an unprecedented move from normally aspirated V - 8 engines to a more flexible turbocharged - powered formula for the IZOD IndyCar Series beginning in 2012 , in an attempt to lure increased manufacturer participation beyond current single - supplier Honda .
Based upon a recommendation from the ICONIC ( Innovative , Open - Wheel , New , Industry - Relevant , Cost - Effective ) Advisory Committee , the new turbocharged platform will allow manufacturers to produce engines with a maximum of six cylinders as well as maximum displacement of 2.4 cubic liters .
The ethanol - fueled engines will produce between 550 and 700 horsepower to suit the diverse set of tracks on which the IndyCar Series competes .
Honda currently is in its eighth season as an engine partner with IndyCar , North America ’s premier open - wheel series .
This is the fifth consecutive season the manufacturer is supplying its Honda Indy V - 8 engines to every IndyCar team .
Honda joined the series in 2003 , competing then against General Motors ’ Chevrolet brand and longtime Japanese industry rival Toyota .
“ The ICONIC Advisory Committee has researched future engine platforms with manufacturers , teams , drivers and fans , and they felt this strategy best highlights key attributes of the sport _ speed , competition and diversity , ” said Randy Bernard , the IRL ’s chief executive officer .
“ We feel this open and all - inclusive platform will make our sport an attractive option to engine manufacturers , while allowing development of a relevant and innovative platform to the current and future automotive industry by highlighting efficiency , performance , durability , quality , environmental responsibility and safety . ”
Bernard added that IndyCar will explore new and relevant technologies to incorporate into the engine package , including energy recovery , hybrids , fuel conservation and other developing green initiatives .
“ Everyone wants to see competition and high - performance on the track , ” Bernard said .
“ We are the fastest and most versatile racing in the world and this new engine strategy will continue to enhance that .
“ Now that we have a platform in place , it is our job to put this package in front of the automotive industry to attract the type of participation that will elevate the sport .
We truly want to challenge manufacturers to once again make our sport a proving ground and a platform to showcase technology that will benefit the future of their industry . ”
Technically , the new engine strategy will require IndyCar to adopt rules that can accommodate various engine architectures .
“ We will continue to evaluate rules that will keep a level playing field across the board with the various engines that could enter our sport , ” said Brian Barnhart , the IRL ’s president of competition and racing operations .
“ For example , we could see a V - 6 competing against an In - line 4 ( cylinder engine ) at all IndyCar Series events in the future .
We will require reference engines as a benchmark in performance while looking at sonic air restrictors , fuel flow restrictions and more as key criteria for competition . ”
IndyCar formed the ICONIC Advisory Committee to review , research and make a recommendation to the league on the next generation of engines and chassis .
The league plans to have a decision on its chassis by June 30 .
“ Speaking on behalf of the ICONIC Advisory Committee members , it has been an honor to contribute to the development of the new generation of IndyCar , ” said Gil de Ferran , a former Indy 500 champion and team - owner representative to the committee .
“ We feel this new engine strategy is open , inclusive , powerful and high - performance , in keeping with the historical values associated with Indy car racing .
Additionally , it poses relevant challenges to which the automotive industry faces today . ”
Committee members include de Ferran , Barnhart , Tony Cotman , Eddie Gossage , Rick Long , Tony Purnell and Neil Ressler .
It is mediated by retired Air Force Gen. William R. Looney III .
– John Sturbin can be reached at jsturbin@racintoday.com
High - powered marijuana that now costs $ 300 an ounce could drop in price by as much as 80 percent if Californians legalize recreational use by passing Prop. 19 in November , meaning Golden Staters could purchase the recreational drug for as little as $ 1.50 per joint .
That finding by the RAND Corporation , a California think - tank , is likely to perk up the ears of some 15 million Americans estimated to be regular marijuana users , 13 percent of whom live in California .
But it could also doom the prospect of Prop. 19 passing , as it's likely to foment opposition to the potentially deleterious effects of a proposed law that 's already starting to lag in statewide polls .
Rock bottom prices and high availability , RAND researchers say , could increase usage by up to 150 percent even in a state where medical marijuana is available for those who can claim a wide variety of ailments as reasons why they need marijuana from state - certified dispensaries .
If Prop. 19 is successful , California would become the first state to legalize recreational use of marijuana , though the US Supreme Court likely would need to weigh in before it could be put into action .
The Field Poll , a statewide survey , indicated Friday that support for Prop. 19 had fallen since May : 48 percent of likely voters now oppose the idea and 44 percent support it .
Not surprisingly , the poll found that a majority of young people and Democrats support the idea while a majority of older people and Republicans oppose it .
" History suggests that chances are n't good when you start out behind , " said Mark DiCamillo , the director of the poll .
To address flagging polls , California NAACP president Alice Huffman says support could increase if proponents are able to appeal to minority populations by casting Prop. 19 as " a prison reform measure , and a fight against unfair police treatment , " citing the effect of the “ war on drugs ” –especially on poor and marginalized Californians .
African - Americans now oppose Prop. 19 by a 52 - 40 margin while whites oppose it by 48 - 43 , according to the Field Poll .
The RAND report said it 's hard to tell whether the estimated $ 1.4 billion a year in new tax revenue for a state that 's $ 19 billion in the red would hold up if Prop. 19 passes .
If Amsterdam - style pot tourism takes hold in California , that figure could go far higher .
But researchers also warn that the current illicit market could attempt to compete with lower prices , thus reducing potential tax revenues .
" There is considerable uncertainty about the impact that legalizing marijuana in California will have on consumption and public budgets , " Beau Kilmer , the study 's lead author , said in a statement .
" We believe consumption is going to increase , but it is unclear how much , " Mr. Kilmer added , according to the Chicago Sun - Times .
" [ Legalization ] could change the stigma .
There could be more promotion .
There could be more advertising ….
There also will be a drop in the … price that can influence behavior . "
Related :
California edges toward legalization of pot
Now on the ballot , could marijuana legalization happen in California ?
Benefits from a marijuana tax ?
California is dreaming .
RAND study : Legalizing marijuana will increase use .
Is this what parents want for their kids ?
T- Mobile Lowers Price Of Garminfone to $ 129
Many have questioned the popularity of the oddly priced Garminfone because many feel it is too expensive for the mid-range specs it contains .
This prompted a statement from Asustek on the sales of the Garminfone :
Shipments to T - Mobile are as previously planned and has received positive demand from the consumer market .
Latest rumors indicate the phone has only been sold 20,000 times starting from June 9 when it officially launched .
The main problem is the phone cost $ 199 and it only features a 3.5 inch touch display , 3MP camera , the outdated Android 1.6 , and it even lacks a 3.5 mm headphone jack .
The pricing of this phone is the same with the myTouch Slide 3G and the impending Samsung Vibrant .
I ’m not sure who would spend the same amount of money when they could purchase a much better and higher spec ’d smartphone .
As a result , T - Mobile has finally lowered the price on the Garminfone to a modest $ 129.99 .
Even if I was eligible for an upgrade on T - Mobile , I would most likely pay the extra $ 70 and purchase a much higher quality Android smartphone in the Samsung Vibrant .
But , lowering the price by $ 70 is a step in the right direction for T - Mobile , who probably did this in an attempt to boost less than stellar sales .
Tens of thousands of demonstrators in Taiwan have been venting their anger at a trade deal with China , to be signed on Tuesday .
The agreement will cut tariffs on exports and loosen curbs on investment .
Supporters say it will boost Taiwan 's economy but critics fear it could pave the way for a Chinese takeover .
China and Taiwan have been separately governed since the end of a civil war in 1949 , though China still sees the island as its territory .
Leaders of the opposition Democratic Progressive Party are calling for Taiwan to hold a referendum on the pact , known as the Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement .
Police said around 32,000 people took part in the protests .
The opposition said there were 100,000 demonstrators on the streets .
CHINA - TAIWAN TRADE Worth $ 100 bn ( £ 73 bn ) a year
40 % of Taiwan 's exports go to China
Taiwan invests $ 200 bn ( £ 139bn ) in China
" The trade pact would turn Taiwan into another Chinese territory like Hong Kong , " said Chang Kuo-min , a rubber factory worker , speaking to the Associated Press .
" The Taiwanese have worked so hard to achieve the democracy we have today , and we will not allow China to control us , " he continued .
Another demonstrator , Wu Hsien - che , dismissed the deal as " sugar - coated poison " .
Job loss fears
Taiwan 's government has said the deal is crucial to keep its exports competitive with those of China 's other trade partners .
But the opposition DPP say the deal could be the first step in a Chinese political takeover .
Most Taiwanese resist the idea of unification with the Communist mainland .
Analysis Taiwan 's opposition complains these changes will bind the two economies closer together .
It fears China , the dominant partner , will in time gain greater control over what goes on here as a result .
The protesters suspect China is giving concessions now but will exact a heavy price at a later date .
For China 's leaders , though , this probably is more about politics than economics .
They hope this deal will help them to win hearts and minds in Taiwan .
That is important if they are ever to achieve their goal of bringing the island back under the control of Beijing .
The opposition also warns that a flood of cheap Chinese imports could lead to factory closures and the loss of jobs .
Despite decades of animosity , the two neighbours have become major trading partners , says the BBC's Cindy Sui in Taipei .
China has offered what are considered unusually generous terms , cutting tariffs on 539 Taiwanese products entering its market .
These include car parts , petrochemicals and fruit .
In contrast , only 267 Chinese products would benefit from reduced tariffs on the Taiwanese side .
China would be able to invest in some Taiwanese service industries , while Taiwan would gain access to sectors such as computer services and airline maintenance in China .
The government of President Ma Ying - Jeou has made closer ties with China one of its leading policies .
Its aim is to reduce tensions across the Taiwan Strait , a flashpoint for decades since 1949 .
China still has more than 1,000 missiles targeting the island as a warning against declaring formal independence .
Opinion polls indicate that a majority of Taiwanese back the trade agreement .
It could open the way for Taiwan to sign free - trade deals with other countries , something Beijing has resisted in the past .
A new research breakthrough from Intel combines silicon chips and lasers to transmit data at 50 gigabits per second – and someday , maybe as fast as a terabit per second .
The 50 - Gbps speed is enough to download an HD movie from iTunes , or up to 100 hours of digital music , in less than a second .
The technology , known as silicon photonics , can be used as a replacement for copper wires to connect components within computers , or between computers in data centers .
" The fundamental issue is that electronic signaling relying on copper wires is reaching its physical limits , " says Justin Rattner , chief technology officer for Intel , which announced the breakthrough Tuesday .
" Photonics gives us the ability to move vast quantities of data across the room or planet at extremely high speeds and in a cost - effective manner . "
Photonics refers to the generation , modulation , switching and transmission of light , and can be done using lasers or light - emitting diodes .
Over the next two years , Intel hopes to perfect the technology by improving the efficiency of the lasers , as well as the packaging and assembly of the silicon chips and the manufacturing techniques needed to churn out millions of these modules .
" We have a good sense of the challenges here and what it takes to put all the components together , so we expect the technology to be widely deployed by the middle of the decade , " says Mario Paniccia , director of the Photonics technology lab at Intel .
Copper cables are the lifeblood of computing today .
But they are limited by length because of the signal degradation that comes with using them over distances .
" At speeds of 10 Gbps and higher , it is difficult to move electrons fast enough and with enough signal strength to beat the tradeoffs , " says Rattner .
This limits the design of computers , forcing processors , memory and other components to be placed just inches from each other , says Intel .
The alternative is to transmit data over optical fiber , but that is expensive and also limited .
" It 's not an issue if you are using only a few of them in an undersea cable , " says Rattner , speaking about optical fiber cables .
" But if you want to have optics widespread , from consumers to supercomputers , the cost has to be taken down or it is not practical . "
That 's where integrated silicon photonics could come in .
Using silicon - based chips and the same manufacturing process currently used for those chips , photonics modules could replace copper connections .
It could change how computers and data centers are designed in the future , says Intel .
Earlier this year , the company showed its Light Peak technology that uses optics to deliver bandwidth of 10 Gbps and higher .
Silicon - based photonics can go much higher , reaching tera - scale data rates , says Intel .
Here 's how the silicon photonics prototype works to achieve the 50 - Gbps rate .
Each module has a silicon transmitter and a receiver chip .
The transmitter chip has four lasers whose light beams travel into an optical modulator .
The modulator encodes data onto them at 12.5 Gbps .
The four beams are then combined to output a total data rate of 50 Gbps .
The receiver chip at the other end of the link separates the four optical beams and directs them into photo detectors .
The detectors convert the data back into electrical signals .
" In the labs , we ran this for 27 hours with no errors and transferred about a petabit of data , " says Paniccia .
" And all this at room temperature with no fancy cooling . "
The silicon - based photonics chip could be used within a computer or to communicate from server to server in a data center .
" If we are talking about CPU - to - memory connection , we would take our photonics chip and put it close to the CPU to bypass the copper interconnects , " says Paniccia .
" For now we are not talking about integrating with the CPU . "
As the next step , Intel researchers are trying to increase the data rate by boosting the modulator speed and increasing the number of lasers per chip .
" If you increase the data rate of the modulator and put more than four lasers on a chip you can scale the whole thing , " says Paniccia .
" The 50 - Gbps rate is just the beginning . "
See Also :
Photo : A 50 Gbps Intel Photonics module / Intel
In October 2007 , the British band Radiohead released their seventh album – In Rainbows – as a digital download that customers could pay whatever they liked for .
The results of this risky venture are a guarded secret , but the album ’s popularity was clear .
It topped the charts and allegedly sold 1.2 million copies in the first day alone .
Even though many fans paid nothing ( the average contribution ranged from $ 2.26 to around $ 8 depending onthe survey ) , the band still earned more money from In Rainbows than their previous album , Hail to the Thief .
But according to a new study , Radiohead could have earned even more money by adding a slight twist to their plan – telling people that half their voluntary payments would go to charity .
Many businesses are trying out new strategies that appeal to the better nature of their customers .
Some promote the fact that they donate a proportion of their profits to charity .
Others , from Radiohead to restaurants , invite people to pay what they like for their products .
People often get away without paying anything but in practice , they frequently cough up something .
But according to Ayelet Gneezy from the University of California , San Diego , the best strategy is to fuse the two approaches .
At a theme park , Gneezy conducted a massive study of over 113,000 people who had to choose whether to buy a photo of themselves on a roller coaster .
They were given one of four pricing plans .
Under the basic one , when they were asked to pay a flat fee of $ 12.95 for the photo , only 0.5 % of them did so .
When they could pay what they wanted , sales skyrocketed and 8.4 % took a photo , almost 17 times more than before .
But on average , the tight - fisted customers paid a measly $ 0.92 for the photo , which barely covered the cost of printing and actively selling one .
That ’s not the best business model – the company proves itself to be generous , it ’s products sell like ( free ) hot - cakes , but its profit margins take a big hit .
You could argue that Radiohead experienced the same thing - their album was a hit but customers paid relatively little for it .
When Gneezy told customers that half of the $ 12.95 price tag would go to charity , only 0.57 % riders bought a photo – a pathetic increase over the standard price plan .
This is akin to the practices of “ corporate social responsibility ” that many companies practice , where they try to demonstrate a sense of social consciousness .
But financially , this approach had minimal benefits .
It led to more sales , but once you take away the amount given to charity , the sound of hollow coffers came ringing out .
You see the same thing on eBay .
If people say that 10 % of their earnings go to charity , their items only sell for around 2 % more .
But when customers could pay what they wanted in the knowledge that half of that would go to charity , sales and profits went through the roof .
Around 4.5 % of the customers asked for a photo ( up 9 times from the standard price plan ) , and on average , each one paid $ 5.33 for the privilege .
Even after taking away the charitable donations , that still left Gneezy with a decent profit .
This is a substantial result , especially since it came from a real setting .
The theme park that Gneezy used stands to make another $ 600,000 a year in profits if it takes up her sales strategy .
And just to be sure , Gneezy confirmed that sales at a nearby souvenir shop did n’t fall on the days when she ran her study .
These extra profits were n’t coming at a cost to retailers elsewhere in the park .
Gneezy describes the combination of charitable donations and paying what you like as “ shared social responsibility ” , where businesses and customers work together for the public good .
It ’s a slightly different idea to corporate social responsibility , where the act of charity is dictated by the company .
And it ’s very different from the classic view of the modern corporation as a profit - making machine , beholden only to its shareholders .
Corporate social responsibility is a mantra for many a modern firm , but it ’s often done at a financial cost .
Customers might assume that the company has ulterior motives for its practices beyond the call of ethics .
Indeed , that ’s often the case – acts of goodwill can do wonders for a company ’s brand , and public interest in its products of services .
But if people suspect that they ’re somehow being manipulated , that can negate the positive effects of any act of charity .
Gneezy thinks that shared social responsibility is a better model because the company is clearly putting itself at financial risk , and people are less likely to smell a rat .
Customers are also more likely to personally identify with the cause they are contributing to .
Regardless of who sets the price , they are still contributing to charity , but it feels more like an active decision if they choose the price themselves .
There ’s more evidence to back up this idea in the experiment – when Gneezy added a charitable donation to the pay - what - you - want scheme , fewer people bought the photo .
The option to name your own price attracts a lot of cheapskate customers , who may not actually want the product very much , and who are n’t prepared to pay much , if anything , for it .
When the charity factor is introduced , these casual freeloaders balk at the idea of paying nothing , because it ’s more likely to reflect badly on them .
Rather than naming a higher price , their preference is to avoid buying altogether – for them , it is n’t worth it .
Sales fall , but the actual profits go up because the remaining customers are motivated by their desire for the product and for the cause , will pay for both .
The experiment could be expanded in many interesting ways .
For example , what about a discounted fixed price option with charitable donation , or a pay - what - you - want option with a minimum threshold ?
For now , it tells us that trying to tap into the ethical side of consumerism is very tricky , but possible without compromising profits .
As Gneezy concludes , “ Apparently , a company can best serve its community and its shareholders by sharing its social responsibility with its customers . ”
Reference : Science http://dx.doi.org/10.1126/science.1186744Image from alterna2 More on decision - making :
If the citation link is n't working , read why here
//
By Laura Smith - Spark
BBC News
The discovery of potential deep - water oil and gas reserves off Cuba 's northern coast has caught the eye of the world 's energy - hungry nations .
The US could see rigs drilling for Cuban oil only 50 miles off Florida
The 44 - year - old US trade embargo , meanwhile , continues to bar American companies from doing business with the Caribbean island .
But , some observers are asking , can the US really afford to risk losing out on valuable energy resources only 50 miles ( 80 km ) off Key West ?
The prospect of nations such as China , Venezuela or India lining up to exploit Cuban oil has already led some politicians to call for the embargo to be relaxed .
They want US oil companies to be able to bid for exploration rights - and for environmental laws to be relaxed to allow drilling in the adjoining US waters .
Others insist the embargo must remain in force in order to keep pressure on Cuba 's President Fidel Castro over human rights .
Gulf promise
Cuba 's share of the Gulf of Mexico was established in 1977 , when it signed treaties with the US and Mexico .
A US Geological Survey report published last year estimates that 4.6 billion barrels of oil and 9.8 trillion cubic feet of natural gas could lie within that zone , in the North Cuba Basin .
Cuba had already parcelled its 112,000 sq km ( 43,240 sq mile ) territory into 59 exploration blocks , which it opened up to foreign companies in 1999 .
Initial test drilling results and rising oil prices have combined to make the potential deep - water reserves a promising prospect .
Six foreign companies have signed up for 16 of the blocks , according to Fidel Rivero , director general of Cuba 's state oil company , CUPET .
Canadian firm Sherritt has taken the rights for four blocks and is already involved in on - shore oil production in Cuba , off Varadero - as is China .
It gives an indication that the geology of the area must be extremely positive
Jorge Pinon , energy consultant
India 's ONGC announced its investment in two blocks on Sunday , saying it presented the opportunity of " great finds " .
In May this year it agreed a 30 % stake in a separate six - block venture with Spanish firm Repsol YPF .
A further 30 % share was taken by Norway 's Norsk Hydro .
Jorge Pinon , an energy consultant working for the Institute for Cuban and Cuban - American Studies at the University of Miami , said the involvement of Norsk Hydro - a leading offshore oil producer - was significant .
" It gives an indication that the geology of the area must be extremely positive and has a high possibility of producing oil in commercial quantities , " he told the BBC News website .
However , even if good quality reserves are found , he believes it will be at least five years before production really gets going because deep - water rigs are in short supply .
Rival legislation
The debate over Cuba 's potential oil reserves has been making waves in Congress .
Our current policy does n't serve our energy needs , environmental concerns , or economic principles
Congressman Jeff Flake
This summer , Republicans Jeff Flake and Larry Craig introduced twin bills to the House of Representatives and Senate respectively that would exempt American " big oil " from the embargo .
Congressman Flake , who represents Arizona , described the ban on trade with Cuba as " archaic policy " .
" Our current policy does n't serve our energy needs , environmental concerns , or economic principles , " he said .
Two Florida Democrats , Senator Bill Nelson and Congressman Jim Davis , countered with rival legislation which would deny US visas to the executives of foreign oil firms which drill in Cuban waters .
They warn of the potential environmental threat , should deep - water drilling lead to oil spills .
" At risk are the Florida Keys and the state 's tourism economy , not to mention the $ 8bn that Congress is investing to restore the Everglades , " said Sen Nelson .
Future thaw ?
Meanwhile voices from the Cuban - American lobby argue that loosening the embargo would weaken the US government 's ability to pressure Cuba on human rights .
US oil firms may play a waiting game on Cuban reserves
The Cuban American National Foundation , an anti-Castro exile group based in Miami , has called instead for trade restrictions to be tightened further .
Speculation over a possible future thaw in US - Cuba relations has been heightened by Fidel Castro 's recent illness and temporary delegation of power to his brother , Raul .
While few people believe Cuba 's oil prospects augur an immediate end to the decades - long embargo , some believe it is a step in that direction .
One of those is Kirby Jones , president of the US - Cuba Trade Association , an organisation which seeks to normalise trade relations between the two nations .
" It 's really the 800lb gorilla waiting to knock on the door , " he told the BBC News website .
" As soon as Cuba actually once again initiates exploration - as soon as there 's an oil platform scheduled to be in their waters - I think we will see a lot more interest and US companies very active .
" It 's really the first time ever in the history between the US and Cuba that there is a strategic cost to maintaining the embargo .
" [ Cuba 's oil ] will be explored , there 's no question about that - it's whether the US will share it , or maintain the embargo and let it go to China , India , Norway . "
What we are seeing now is a certain level of interest - but not necessarily something that 's really going to up - end the Cuban embargo
Daniel Erikson
Inter - American Dialogue
Daniel Erikson , Caribbean programmes director at the Inter - American Dialogue , a Washington policy group , points out that Cuba has said US firms would be welcome to explore its waters .
" It 's being watched with a fair amount of interest by oil and gas companies in Texas and elsewhere , " he said .
However , he also sounds a note of caution .
Few firms have the technology to drill deep enough to reach Cuba 's potential oil reserves - and , if proven , their depth would make them costly to exploit .
" Companies are n't going to push for any change to US law unless they really know that Cuba has substantial reserves , " he said .
" So what we are seeing now is a certain level of interest - but not necessarily something that 's really going to up - end the Cuban embargo . "
