Super Street Fighter 4 producer Yoshoniri
Ono was on a live stream showing off the game .
Some readers took screen captures of the stream .
We finally , after all this time , have our first image of the character select screen !
Also shown is the Main Menu and the Stage Select screen .
Keep in mind that these could be placeholders , but it offers clues .
Thanks to TurtleSnatcher , Lost Fragment and Dizzy - 4U from Neo-GAF for the screen captures !
TurtleSnatcher even figured out the layout of the characters on the character select screen .
Source : Neo-GAF
Workers in Gaza remove rubble from last winter 's attacks .
With no construction materials being allowed into the besieged territory , much of Gaza remains devasted .
Azzam Salim used to be one of the leading construction contractors in the central Gaza Strip .
Today , however , he spends most of his days idly chatting with other unemployed friends near a bank that he helped build several years ago .
" As a human first and foremost , I need to live normally like before .
This situation is unprecedented -- before the siege was enforced here , I did n't have time to sit .
But now things have changed , now we are professional talkers .
" What prevents Salim from returning to work is the lack of raw building materials in the Gaza Strip , due to Israel 's crippling Israeli blockade of the territory since June 2007 .
In March 2009 , international donors including the US , Europe and Saudi Arabia met in the Egyptian resort town of Sharm al - Sheikh pledging at least $ 4 billion to reconstruct Gaza following last winter 's 22 - day Israeli invasion of the territory .
However , the promised funds have yet to reach Gaza as the international community continues to boycott the governing Hamas party .
"
In order for us to rebuild houses , facilities , schools , mosques and other [ buildings ] , we need basic building materials like cement , iron , aluminum , wood , plastic , etc .
At the very least , we need cement and iron to start reconstruction immediately , " said Salim .
According to local and international estimates , the Israeli assault on Gaza rendered tens of thousands of homes , schools , governmental buildings , mosques and other facilities either partially or completely destroyed .
As a result , more than 51,000 residents are homeless .
" I used to live happily with my children in a regular house in the Jabaliya refugee camp , but now I live miserably in this tent , where even animals could not get by .
We appeal for help that will rid us of this miserable life , " said Mahmoud Abu Alanzain , a displaced father of three children , while in his tent in the al - Rayan refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip .
The tents were set up as temporary shelter after the fighting stopped .
Hundreds of families in Gaza are in a situation similar to Abu Alanzain's .
Many of those whose houses were partially or completely destroyed are now staying in newly established camps , rented apartments or with relatives or friends .
Another scene of destruction in the coastal enclave is that of the local universities .
Israeli shelling targeted the Islamic University and al - Aqsa University 's agricultural school .
"
We in the Islamic University of Gaza have lost a significant scientific laboratory building because of the bombing by Israeli warplanes .
This laboratory used to serve not only the university 's tests , but also those of other sectors of the Gaza community such as the agricultural or water sectors .
We used to perform needed tests for poisonous substances , checks that cannot be done , except in the university 's laboratory , " Dr. Kamalin Shaath , president of the Islamic University of Gaza , explained .
In recent weeks , the Hamas government undertook a widespread campaign to remove the rubble of destroyed buildings .
Also , local engineers , based on the idea that need is the mother of invention , have begun using available materials like mud to rebuild some facilities .
" We have embarked on removing the ruins of knocked down buildings throughout Gaza , in an attempt to repair some of the damage , using mud .
Unfortunately , our attempts have failed so far due to technical reasons .
One of the main reasons is the fact that we do n't have enough land space to build vertically , besides the lack of many essential raw materials such as electrical or sanitation supplies , " said Dr. Yousef al - Mansi , minister of works and construction in Gaza .
Al - Mansi added that his ministry is willing to cooperate with any international body for the sake of reconstructing the war - torn Gaza Strip , but without preconditions designed to undermine Hamas ' governance .
"
It is unnecessary that we get cash into our hands ; what is needed is that the reconstruction begins , so that the people can be housed again .
We have given a chance for contractors , companies , institutions and countries to come and implement the reconstruction in coordination with us .
For those who want to reconstruct , there are many clear means for them to start building , but we reject any political extortion .
In the last war , we lost our children , our families and our homes ; all we want is to live in dignity .
" The US and European Union have boycotted Hamas since the party came to power in internationally monitored and recognized elections in 2006 .
They have placed demands on Hamas to recognize Israel as a " Jewish state , " renounce violence and accept previously negotiated agreements .
Visibly frustrated , contractor Azzam Salim said , " I am so eager to return back to my work , it is like someone who is left in a desert without water . "
A gigolo , a cowboy , an academic , a barber , an addict , a long - strawed consumer of your milkshake — these are just a few of the indelible characters given life by our favorite performances of the ‘00s .
The five core A.V. Club film writers only found universal agreement on # 1 , but it was not hard to coalesce around the 20 lead or supporting players that made the strongest impression on us .
Advertisement
20 . Anne Hathaway as Kym , Rachel Getting Married ( 2008 )
Princess Diaries star Anne Hathaway established her credentials as a serious actress with a devastating lead performance in Rachel Getting Married as Kym , a former model and full - time fuck - up who leaves rehab to attend her sister ’s wedding and wreak psychological havoc on her loved ones .
Kym ’s poisonous narcissism and sociopathic inability to consider anything beyond her own desires and needs lends the film an exhilarating tension .
Kym is an inveterate upsetter who angrily demands the spotlight even on the biggest night of her sister ’s life .
Hathaway ’s revelatory performance is a masterpiece of barely suppressed rage , intermittently spiked by ill - timed emotional explosions .
19 . Mark Ruffalo as Terry Prescott , You Can Count On Me ( 2000 )
Mark Ruffalo had little to no profile in the movie business prior to playing the male lead in Kenneth Lonergan ’s writer - director debut , You Can Count On Me , opposite the more experienced Laura Linney .
But it only took a scene or two for Ruffalo to make a career - defining impact .
Playing Linney ’s mumbly , duplicitous brother — in town to hit her up for money , as quickly and painlessly as possible — Ruffalo invests Lonergan ’s precise , sometimes stagy dialogue with a naturalism that ’s especially magnetic when set against Linney ’s fussiness .
Ruffalo toes a precarious line as the oft - obstinate Terry Prescott , displaying enough humor and charm to earn sympathy for the moments when he ’s deliberately hurtful .
By the time he and Linney reach You Can Count On Me ’s devastating final scene , their conflicting acting styles mesh beautifully , and all their characters ’ shared pain comes spilling out in a few well - written lines .
And a star is born .
18 . Denzel Washington as Alonzo , Training Day ( 2001 )
Denzel Washington personifies dignity and self - respect even when playing notorious drug kingpin Frank Lucas in American Gangster .
So part of the illicit thrill of Washington ’s wildly theatrical performance in Training Day lies in watching one of film ’s preeminent good guys go bad as a dirty cop who takes neophyte police officer Ethan Hawke on a guided tour of urban hell .
Washington does n’t just play bad ; he ’s downright evil , a devil with a badge intent on corrupting or destroying his hapless sidekick .
When he famously proclaims that King Kong had nothing on him , it registers less as chest - beating hyperbole than understatement .
17 . Edward Norton as Monty Brogan , 25th Hour ( 2002 )
A great deal of the push - and - pull strain in Spike Lee ’s 25th Hour ( which screenwriter David Benioff adapted closely from his own novel ) comes from the story ’s relationship to protagonist Monty Brogan .
He ’s a drug dealer headed for a well - deserved prison sentence , and he ’s an unrepentant asshole as well , devoted to his own comforts and luxuries with no particular interest in what they cost anyone else .
And yet Edward Norton gives audiences a reason to sympathize with this mook , largely because he sees his punishment coming , knows there ’s no escape , and is trying to twist himself into the frame of mind necessary to accept it , and walk to the gallows on his own two feet .
Norton ’s stiff - backed performance never compromises on all the things wrong with Monty as a human being :
He ’s proud , he ’s selfish , he ’s self - pitying , and he is n’t a very good friend even to his best friends .
But he ’s also human and hurting , and Norton brings out his vulnerability too .
By the end of the film , it ’s actually possible to sympathize with him and care for him , without excusing or forgiving anything he ’s done , or even really wanting him to wriggle out from under the boot that ’s landed on him .
He even manages to make the movie ’s most forced , mannered sequence — the “ Fuck you , New York ” mirror monologue — hypnotic , by investing it with so much outsized , curdled malice that it becomes clear that Monty ’s hatred of all things is largely aimed inward , long before the bitter punchline .
Advertisement
16 . Laura Linney as “ Sammy ” Prescott , You Can Count On Me ( 2000 )
As an actor , Laura Linney excels at playing high - strung women who want things a certain way , and thus are n’t always equipped to deal with life ’s inevitable disappointments .
That gulf between expectation and reality lends a special poignancy to her You Can Count On Me performance as Sammy , a single mother in small - town New York who hosts her fuck - up brother ( Mark Ruffalo ) after his long , unexplained absence from her life .
Their sibling bond is a tighter than most , forged during childhood after their parents died in a traffic accident .
To see her excitement over his visit slowly dissipate with news of more screw - ups is especially heartbreaking because of Linney ’s brittle performance — to say nothing of the fact that Sammy makes more than a few mistakes of her own .
15 . Björk as Selma Jezkova , Dancer In The Dark ( 2000 )
Legend has it that writer - director Lars von Trier badgered , exhausted , and tormented Björk into the wretched emotional states she displays in Dancer In The Dark , and that she swore afterward that the film would be her last .
And given the contents of von Trier ’s films and his documented unusual working methods , it ’s all too easy to believe that story .
But regardless of its cause , Björk ’s performance is stunningly vulnerable and tender .
Von Trier ’s ’00s films tend to put women through the wringer , examining how society and the men around them victimize them , and how they become complicit martyrs to that victimization .
But all this would just be meaningless psychological torture porn if von Trier ’s female leads were n’t so often achingly sympathetic figures .
And Björk in Dancer is among the best ; she ’s an abused little girl in oversized sweaters , always cringing away from the next anticipated blow that life has to offer , yet possessed of a deep - seated , joyous love of the music that makes her constantly threatened existence worth living .
Her performance alone makes Dancer a luminous tearjerker rather than an exercise in empty viewer masochism .
14 . Anamaria Marinca as Otilia , 4 Months , 3 Weeks And 2 Days ( 2007 )
In the great Romanian drama 4 Months , 3 Weeks And 2 Days , Anamaria Marinca plays a young woman who arranges for her roommate to have an illegal abortion in Bucharest during the last years of Ceausescu ’s regime .
The job goes well beyond merely being a chaperone , as Marinca ’s Otilia reserves a hotel room from a deeply suspicious clerk , negotiates with a sleazy black - market abortionist , and does everything she can to lead her friend through a procedure that ’s dangerous on any number of levels .
Much of the film ’s unbearable tension comes from Marinca ’s role as audience surrogate , and her face reflects both the severity and blind panic of the situation , and the resolve to see it through .
The film ’s most unnerving scene finds Otilia stranded in the middle of a dinner conversation , and Marinca says everything without having to say a word .
Advertisement
13 . Naomi Watts as Betty Elms , Mulholland Dr. ( 2001 )
Naomi Watts was 30 and a movie - industry veteran when she shot the pilot to a proposed David Lynch - created TV series called Mulholland Dr. in 1999 .
Her practiced skills as an actress allowed her to step into the part of Betty Elms , a wide - eyed Hollywood newcomer drawn into a bizarre underworld of noirish intrigue .
She ’s disarmingly convincing in her naïveté , but the pilot did n’t get far .
When Lynch decided to convert the movie into a feature film , he asked Watts to come at the character from a different angle for the film ’s new segments , drawing on what she ’d already done , but putting a lot of dark , desperate shades beneath the sunshine .
She killed , bringing her naïf act in line with Lynch ’s depiction of Hollywood as a dream - eating nightmareland , and making the pain feel real amid all the oddness around her .
12 . Jeff Daniels as Bernard Berkman , The Squid And The Whale ( 2005 )
A bearded , belligerent Jeff Daniels , a long way from his early good - guy roles , stepped in for Bill Murray at the last minute as Bernard , a misanthropic writer intent on rejecting a world that has rejected him in The Squid And The Whale , Noah Baumbach ’s brutally honest , unflinching look at domestic discord and the emotional damage incurred when mom and dad split up .
Bernard oozes snobbish disdain for lesser intellects , but Daniels ’ sad eyes and air of exhaustion betray that beneath that surface contempt lies almost unbearable pain ; his self - aggrandizement masks self - hatred and a gnawing sense that his life has passed him by .
Though his Bernard divides the world into two neat categories — intellectuals , who read books and like interesting movies , and philistines , who do n’t — it ’s only because the world , especially the world of emotion , is so unforgivably messy and beyond his control .
11 . Mickey Rourke as Randy “ The Ram ” Robinson , The Wrestler ( 2008 )
Is it the mark of a great performance when an actor can say more with the back of his head and two slumping shoulders than most can convey with dialogue ?
Mickey Rourke makes himself a slouching vision of tragic indefatigability from the wordless first shot of The Wrestler , then fleshes out that vision as the film reveals a sweet , irresponsible lug fundamentally unequipped to be anything more than he already is , no matter what those around him may hope .
[ pagebreak ]
10 . Javier Bardem as Anton Chigurh , No Country For Old Men ( 2007 )
Josh Brolin and Tommy Lee Jones did excellent work as the separate leads in the Coen brothers ’ adaptation of Cormac McCarthy ’s No Country For Old Men , but Javier Bardem steals all his scenes as soft - spoken killer - for - hire Anton Chigurh , with his ridiculous Prince Valiant haircut and eerily silent cattle - stunner murder method .
Bardem ’s beatific , purring calm is much of what makes him mesmerizing , but in his best scenes — as when he tries to force a local - yokel gas - station clerk to unknowingly gamble for his life , and the baffled clerk balks — he hints at a much deeper well of emotion .
Chigurh is a murderer with a keen sense of his own menace , and in moments where his adversaries refuse to play by the civilized rules he affects , Bardem shows subtle , controlled glimpses of a boiling frustration just below the surface .
It ’s as though he ’s fought his way up from crazed slasher to urbane assassin solely through force of will , but at every moment , he can feel his control splintering .
And none of this is in the script ; Bardem wears the movie ’s tension solely in his face and body instead of his words .
9. Julianne Moore as Cathy Whitaker , Far From Heaven ( 2002 )
Far From Heaven , Todd Haynes ’ return visit to the world of 1950s Douglas Sirk melodramas , could easily have become an academic exercise in recreating the look and feel of the films that inspired it .
And yet it is n’t , which owes a lot to Haynes ’ investment in using the form to discuss past and present attitudes toward race and sexuality .
It owes even more to Julianne Moore ’s performance as a homemaker whose desire and discontent lead her to pound against the restrictions of her time .
Moore ’s turn is appropriate to the genre and the era , but also richly , heartbreakingly human .
It ’s a magnetic patch of blue in a Technicolor world .
Advertisement
8. Paul Giamatti as Harvey Pekar , American Splendor ( 2003 )
It says something about the quality of Paul Giamatti ’s portrayal of comics writer Harvey Pekar in American Splendor that the actual Pekar appears in the movie several times , and yet the actor never seems to be a pale imitation .
Giamatti becomes his own version of Pekar , playing him as a variation on the type of character Giamatti usually plays : a smart , miserable , underappreciated , and funny little man .
Giamatti does a superb impression of Pekar ’s permanent grimace , but he also captures Pekar ’s frustration at wanting to be recognized for more than just what he does to earn a living .
The real Pekar has been working almost his whole life to get people to understand that ordinary folks have deep passions and stories worth hearing .
Giamatti — a character actor who rarely gets the spotlight — understands this instinct all too well , and conveys it honestly and entertainingly in American Splendor .
7. Christian Bale as Patrick Bateman , American Psycho ( 2000 )
Sometimes it feels like Christian Bale is n’t acting so much as he ’s cranking up his natural grim intensity until it seems like he ’s about to explode , then letting the resulting tension carry his latest film .
And in recent movies , particularly The Dark Knight and Terminator : Salvation , he ’s become something of a parody of himself , all steely glower and fake growly voice .
But in American Psycho — something of an adult breakthrough after memorable youthful roles in Empire Of The Sun , Swing Kids , and Newsies — Bale put that dynamic to chilling use , and he ’s never since seemed so layered .
Mary Harron ’s adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis ’ notorious novel cuts some of the trivia and much of the gore , and sharpens Ellis ’ themes to a razor edge .
And much of that edge comes from Bale , blank - faced but seething with barely contained malice and insanity .
As he navigates the cutthroat business world of the ’ 80s , relying on his polished surface to let him fit in , but occasionally exploding into probably - just - metaphorical violence , he lays out a memorable portrait of a sociopath in the process of disintegration .
Advertisement
6. Peter Sarsgaard as Charles Lane , Shattered Glass ( 2003 )
Back in May 1998 , the journalistic career of Stephen Glass , then associate editor of The New Republic , started to unravel when his piece on a 15 - year - old computer hacker exposed a pattern of distortions , made - up quotes , and out - and - out fabrications in his articles .
The thankless task of investigating these allegations against Glass ( Hayden Christensen ) , a well - liked figure in his office , fell to Charles Lane , the magazine ’s newly installed editor - in - chief .
In Shattered Glass , Peter Sarsgaard plays Lane as a consummate professional who tries to protect his reporter and the integrity of the magazine while digging into painful truths that will severely undermine both .
Actors often have a hard time suppressing their natural charisma , but Sarsgaard pegs Lane as a meat - and - potatoes journalist who is n’t always so skilled at navigating office politics .
He ’s also the master of the leveling stare , capable of reducing Christensen ’s slick fabulist to a quivering mass with a single glance .
5. Billy Bob Thornton as Ed Crane , The Man Who Was n’t There ( 2001 )
Billy Bob Thornton first became a familiar screen presence in the ’90s , projecting a down - home vibe that made him seem warm and approachable even when he was playing a grunting , mentally handicapped ex-con .
But in the ’00s , his career choices and eccentric offscreen behavior have made him seem like more of an oddball , standing slightly outside ordinary human behavior .
The Coen brothers apparently spotted Thornton ’s quirks before anyone else , and they cast him perfectly in The Man Who Was n’t
There as a laconic barber who responds to everything that happens to him — cuckolding , business opportunities , having his wife framed for a murder he committed — with the same detached attitude and craggy , alien expression .
Thornton narrates the film too , but though he lets the audience see the world from behind his eyes , it does n’t make the character any more sympathetic — not even when he ’s sharing nuggets like “ My wife and I have not performed the sex act in many years . ”
4. Samantha Morton as Morvern Callar , Morvern Callar ( 2002 )
As the title character in Lynne Ramsay ’s impressionistic Morvern Callar , Samantha Morton initially seems blank by design — just another blob of color in Ramsay ’s visual palette .
But then Ramsay gradually reveals the story , which has her heroine discovering her boyfriend ’s corpse after his suicide , along with a stack of presents and an unpublished novel .
Once Morvern and her best friend flee their dingy Scottish town and head to a Spanish resort , Morton begins subtly fleshing out the character .
In some ways , she ’s just another aimless young person craving a life of idleness , yet Morton responds with soulfulness and wonder to good music , a pleasant breeze , and other less decadent pleasures .
She intends to take what her boyfriend left and escape the poisonous influence of her party - obsessed friends and minimum - wage job , in order to find a place where she can sink into solitude .
Morton — who does n’t have much dialogue in Morvern Callar — reveals Morvern ’s shift in philosophy mainly through body language , facial expressions , and the ever - brightening twinkle in her eye .
3. Joseph Gordon - Levitt as Neil , Mysterious Skin ( 2004 )
Joseph Gordon - Levitt went from former child star to one of the most promising actors of his generation with a daring lead performance in Mysterious Skin as Neil , a victim of childhood molestation who channels his complex , contradictory emotions about being abused into becoming a male prostitute .
Gordon - Levitt ’s stunning performance recalls the raw , animal sexuality and vulnerability of a young Marlon Brando .
He ’s absolutely fearless , particularly in a harrowing scene where he picks up a trick ( Billy Drago ) whose frail body is covered with lesions .
His Neil is equally wounded ; he just wears his scars on the inside .
2. Heath Ledger as Ennis Del Mar , Brokeback Mountain ( 2005 )
Though Heath Ledger ’s disquieting performance as The Joker in The Dark Knight emerged as the most talked - about role after his death , his quieter work as Ennis Del Mar , the tortured Wyoming cattle wrangler in Brokeback Mountain , better suggested the depth of his talent and soul .
Growling his lines as if he were pushing them through a mouthful of Skoal , Ledger is both the billboard - ready personification of Western masculinity and a shame - filled man whose love for another cowboy ( Jake Gyllenhaal ) does n’t square with that image .
Ennis ’ refusal to commit to the relationship comes at a high cost to himself , his lover , and the family he ’s deceiving , and Ledger ’s performance captures the bone - deep agony , loneliness , and unrequited desire of an old - fashioned guy who ca n’t follow his heart .
Advertisement
1. Daniel Day - Lewis as Daniel Plainview , There Will Be Blood ( 2007 )
Daniel Day - Lewis ’ performance in There Will Be Blood begins in silence and finishes in bellows .
He starts the film as a restless striver , an independent man of modest means .
He ends it wealthy , alone , and wasted , a man whose shocking last act only confirms his status as one of the living damned .
Day - Lewis follows
Plainview ’s every step downward , as the mania for success — here defined as nothing less than the relentless quest for domination — eats away at the better parts of his soul .
Day - Lewis plays him as a man aware of the implications of every heartless choice made in the interest of business — and chillingly ready to live with the consequences .
Helping Humanity
Without Earth , there is no humanity .
The problem is not the quantity of humanity , but the burn rate of resources .
We are currently running at an unsustainable level of resource depletion and pollution .
No one likes to make the moral choice of forced reduction of humanity .
We can and have to make the very moral decision to control our use of resources and population growth .
In the book ,  Hot , Flat and Crowded , the author states that Americans use 32 times as many resources as Kenyans .
So , not all humanity is equal .
We do not need to reduce consumption to the level of the Kenyans , but we can do a lot to be more reasonable .
The problem was bad enough when only a very small part of the world 's population over - consumed .
Now that the emerging world : China , India and the Arab countries are gaining financial clout and aspiring to follow our example , the day of reckoning is that much closer .
In terms of reducing our burn rate of natural resources , there are a number of simple steps that can be taken that involve no technology , but awareness and the will to live within our means :
Organize our cities so that people can walk or ride bicycles to stores , work and school , get rid of lawns ( the biggest agricultural product in the USA ) which consumes enormous amounts of water ( the most precious resource we have ) , reduce meat consumption ( meat uses 4 to 20 times the resources per unit of protein than plant protein .
I have been a vegetarian for 35 years and many have been since birth so arguing that man cannot live without meat is not valid , Anyway a reduction in the consumption of meat would be useful ) , efficient use of mass transit , distribution of goods ( trains and boats are much more efficient than trucks ) , use of good food packaging to reduce waste , buy local ( especially food ) , insulate houses and reduce thermostat settings , do n't live in temperature extreme places if you have to use a lot of energy to maintain yourself , do n't live in flood plains or in the path of other natural disasters , live in medium rise buildings ( they are much more efficient in terms of energy , have a smaller foot print , make mass transit and local stores more viable . ) .
These simple steps ( though hard to accept socially until we collectively understand our predicament ) plus more that I am sure you could think of , do not involve any difficult moral choice .
Perhaps a few sacred cows and other illusions will suffer , but we would all be better off .
I do not only mean better in terms of surviving , but also as humans we would be better since it would bring us closer to each other and our interdependence would be more evident leading to a sense of community .
The current economic system would have to be changed as it is the result and driver of our attitude towards growth and consumption .
Currently , I am working on understanding the economic system we are using .
In a nut shell , we use fiat money and fractional banking .
To understand the system , it is helpful to study its historic origins and the problems it addressed .
Few is any people understand the economic system as it stands .
Economists will generally agree on the gross mechanisms of the system , but few agree on its implications or are able to predict its future reactions , in part due to the human element .
Without having full knowledge , which is an elusive goal anyways , I venture to propose a two tiered economy with the local currency based on a unit of labor ( which works if the community pays people to study ) and a second economy to facilitate commerce between communities .
If we look to population reduction , as did Mao Tse Tung , then we are playing God again and have to deal with a lot of unintended consequences .
Mao first encouraged his people to have as many kids as possible .
When he had a population explosion , he tried the one child policy which ended up with a nation of ' little emperors ' , a breakdown in their system of caring for the elderly , and an imbalance in men / women ( this coming generation is 7 men to 3 women ) .
According to one observer , one of the main causes of overpopulation is the low status of women .
That is , when women do not have the choice of limiting the number of children they have , we end up with too many children .
This is controversial in that it points the finger at Muslin societies , but there does seem to be a strong correlation .
Solving that problem would reduce population and enrich humanity at the same time , but who is willing to take that one on ?
It is said that charity starts at home and so do solutions to intractable problems .
We can raise our consciousness and share our thoughts with others ; but beyond that , we must live what we see as a solution .
That is the hardest part .
by Didier G .
on 11/25/2009 Related Articles
» What You Can Do
» Articles for Personal Development
» Why Would Aliens Attack Humanity ?
" As the waters warm , the iceberg will thin out , so it is not going to get to Australia , the further north it goes , the more it break up , " he said .
( While working at a gelato shop in Rome , a tourist approaches me . )
Customer : “ Excuse me , miss !
I ’d like a pizza ! ”
Me : “ We do n’t sell pizza here .
This is a gelato shop . ”
Customer : “ What are you talking about ?
This is Italy !
Do n’t you have pizza in Italy ? ”
Me : “ Yes , we have pizza in Italy , but this is not a pizzeria , so we do n’t sell pizza .
There are pizzerias , though , if you look . ”
Customer : “ So this is Italy ? ”
Me : “ Correct . ”
Customer : “ And this is a restaurant . ”
Me : “ Sort of , though we only sell the ice cream . ”
Customer : “ But this is ITALY . ”
( After a few minutes of getting nowhere , my coworker attempts to help . )
Coworker : * jokingly * “ Ma’am , if you want pizza , I can get you some for 100 euros . ”
( 100 euros is about $ 150 USD .
Without hesitation , the customer pulls out two 50s and hands them to my coworker . )
Coworker : * hands the tourist the money back *
“ It ’s okay , ma’am .
Let me direct you to a nearby pizzeria … ”
This story is part of our Clueless Tourists roundup !
Want to read the next story ?
Click here !
Want to read the roundup ?
Click here !
In the fall of 2003 , the new commander of American forces in Afghanistan , Lt. Gen. David W. Barno , decided on a new strategy .
Known as counterinsurgency , the approach required coalition forces to work closely with Afghan leaders to stabilize entire regions , rather than simply attacking insurgent cells .
But there was a major drawback , a new unpublished Army history of the war concludes .
Because the Pentagon insisted on maintaining a “ small footprint ” in Afghanistan and because Iraq was drawing away resources , General Barno commanded fewer than 20,000 troops .
As a result , battalions with 800 soldiers were trying to secure provinces the size of Vermont .
“ Coalition forces remained thinly spread across Afghanistan , ” the historians write .
“ Much of the country remained vulnerable to enemy forces increasingly willing to reassert their power . ”
That early and undermanned effort to use counterinsurgency is one of several examples of how American forces , hamstrung by inadequate resources , missed opportunities to stabilize Afghanistan during the early years of the war , according to the history , “ A Different Kind of War . ”
Conflicts with EU free movement rules have thrown the UK's £ 1.2 billion electronic borders program into disarray .
The e-borders scheme is designed to collect the personal data of every passenger travelling into and out of Britain .
This means , for example , that someone flying from the UK to Spain needs to submit their name , date of birth and passport details ahead of a flight and well before they got to the airport , or face the risk of being prevented from boarding .
Passenger data was checked against terrorist watch lists and used for immigration controls .
However concerns have arisen that the mandatory controls violate EU rules on free movement .
That means that passengers are no longer obliged to hand over travel credential information in the days running up to their flight while airlines are freed of the obligation to refuse to carry passengers that decline to pass over their details , the Daily Telegraph reports .
Instead the UK Border Agency ( UKBA ) will check passengers once they arrive .
Refusing to provide travel credential details will no longer become sufficient reasons to refuse entry , to EU citizens at least .
The scheme , which was in the process of roll - out and was not expected to be complete until 2014 , has effectively been nipped in the bud .
Possible problems with the scheme emerged after the Home Office sought assurances that asking for passenger information well ahead of flights was within EU rules and became public after the EU response was considered by MPs on the Home Affairs Select Committee .
A report from the Home Affairs Select Committee warns the e-border scheme may be illegal if compulsory because it potentially violates EU laws on the free movement of people and goods between EU member states .
" Commitments and assurances " made by the UK authorities mean the scheme itself is fine and it's just the compulsory element that 's the problem , rather than any issues over data security and privacy .
A letter , from Jonathan Faull , director general of the European Commission 's Justice , Freedom and Security department , states that Passengers must be informed in advance that handing over the information is " is neither compulsory nor ... a condition of purchase and sale of the ticket " , The Daily Telegraph adds .
" Passengers who are EU citizens or their family members will not be refused entry / exit or incur sanctions in any way on the basis that their passenger data is unavailable to the UK authorities for whatever reason , " the letter adds .
Advanced passenger information includes data normally required for border checks ,
This includes the name , gender , date of birth , nationality and country of residence of travellers .
If the scheme is purely voluntary it will lose its value because criminals of whatever ilk could simply ignore it .
Opposition politicians criticised the government for ploughing millions into the scheme prior to properly investigating its legality with EU officials .
Damian Green , the Conservative immigration spokesman , told The Telegraph : " It seems extraordinary that , this long into a seven - year contract that costs more than £ 1 billion , the Government has n't established whether it can impose this system on travellers , and it looks from this letter as it cannot .
" This is a huge embarrassment for ministers .
They have set up this elaborate , hugely expensive system and the Commission is telling them it only works if people volunteer , " he added .
Phil Woolas MP , the Border and Immigration Minister , denied suggestions that the e-Borders scheme is not compliant with EU law .
In a statement , Wollas defended the scheme as enabling the " arrest of murderers , rapists and the barring of would - be illegal immigrants " .
He does n't touch on how the government might be obliged to make the scheme voluntary and how this might limit its effectiveness .
" e- Borders is fully compliant with EU law and this has been confirmed by the European Commission .
This allows us to continue our efforts to secure our border by counting people in and out .
e-Borders has already screened over 137 million passenger journeys leading to over 4,700 arrests since 2005 . " ®
What Can You Benefit When You Take Supplements ?
One who is overweight might be very worried about health issues , knowing that the diseases and health conditions related to it are many and diverse .
However , these people might be very busy , and even when they try their best to stick to …
I just returned from a vacation where I had the pleasure of meeting numerous interesting people from all walks of life including one couple who are very religious .
After several days of jostling and teasing each other about our respective existential views ( with utter respect ) , to their surprise they concluded , " that I was one happy atheist . "
I suppose that their surprise stemmed in part from the mistaken view that lack of religious belief would somehow yield a pointless and solemn existence .
To the extent that most religions promise an eternal life , the here and now is simply less important , as one has an eternity to get it right ( e. . , through redemption ) .
Atheism suggests that there are no " do- overs " and no second chances in the afterlife ( or in a reincarnated life ) .
One can not hope to be happier , more moral , more kind , and / or more fulfilled in the afterlife .
It is all happening right now within our very short existence .
Ultimately , an atheist knows that his / her legacy ( in whichever way that it is measured ) will be left behind during the here and now .
Of course , I do not wish to imply that religious people are any less happy than atheists .
As a matter of fact , there are many life metrics ( e.g. , longevity ) that improve by virtue of being religious .
My only point is that seizing the day is more congruent with atheism than it is with religiosity .
I realize that it might not be popular to write about such matters when the holidays are approaching so apologies for doing so .
That said I do wish everyone a peaceful , happy , and healthy holiday season .
Ciao for now .
Source for Image :
http://www.peoplecomm.org/images/bedekr/image/carpediem.jpg
Heatherwick Studio has just released its design for a biomass station on the banks of the River Tees in British town Stockton - on - Tees , for British company BEI .
The facility is expected to pump out 49 MWe–enough to power 50,000 homes .
Those homes are expected to see their per capita carbon footprint cut by as much as 80 % , since the electricity will be generated simply by biomass generators that will burn palm kernel shells , rather than coal .
Thomas Heatherwick , Heatherwick Studio ’s founder , has a genius for offbeat architecture , made with experimental techniques –for example , he designed a colony of houses with tinfoil and a bridge that curls up like a snail .
This time , the building has been conceived as less of a power station , and more of a local attraction and amenity .
The building ’s skin will literally be green , made up of exterior panels planted with local grasses .
Inside , in addition to offices and the biomass factory , there will be a visitor ’s center .
The project is expected to cost about $ 242 million and take two years to construct .
A groundbreaking has n’t yet been announced .
For more on Heatherwick , check out some of their previous projects here and here .
Spent waaaay too long drawing this mutha .
Have a sweet awesome cool weekend + 1 .
You ’ll find me in the ol sleepin spot , just sleepin .
Food is one of the most important aspects of a Christmas wedding .
Read on to explore Christmas wedding food ideas .
Christmas Wedding Food
Food is an important party of every party , be it a birthday party , a Christmas party or a wedding party .
If you are planning to get married soon , then , you must be thinking about the food that you will be serving at the wedding .
You would n't like to spoil the party by serving tasteless food at your wedding .
It is better to plan your menu for the Christmas wedding food beforehand and save yourself from the embarrassment .
You can also choose your menu from the Christmas wedding food ideas given below .
Drinks
Eggnog
Hot Spiced Cider
Hot Chocolate
Fruit Punches
Mocktails
Wine
Appetizers
Christmas cookies
Bourbon balls
Gingerbread Snacks
Spritz
Finger Chips
Nachos
Main Course
Baked Beans
Cheese Pasta
Roasted Chicken
Cold Sandwiches
Smoked Salmon
Stuffed Turkey
Dessert
Hallucinatory Near - Death Experiences ( 2003 )
( Updated 2008 )
Computer simulation of a recurring
lattice tunnel hallucination , or form
constant , generated using retino -
cortical mapping .
Image inverted
for effect .
Reprinted with the
permission of Paul C. Bressloff .
Even if we disregard the overwhelming evidence for the dependence of consciousness on the brain , there remains strong evidence from reports of near - death experiences themselves that NDEs are not glimpses of an afterlife .
This evidence includes :
(1 ) discrepancies between what is seen in the out - of - body component of an NDE and what 's actually happening in the physical world ;
( 2 ) bodily sensations incorporated into the NDE , either as they are or experienced as NDE imagery ;
(3 ) encountering living persons during NDEs ;
( 4 ) the greater variety of differences than similarities between different NDEs , where specific details of NDEs generally conform to cultural expectation ;
( 5 ) the typical randomness or insignificance of the memories retrieved during those few NDEs that include a life review ;
(6) NDEs where the experiencer makes a decision not to return to life by crossing a barrier or threshold viewed as a ' point of no return , ' but is restored to life anyway ;
( 7 ) hallucinatory imagery in NDEs , including encounters with mythological creatures and fictional characters ; and
(8 ) the failure of predictions in those instances in which experiencers report seeing future events during NDEs or gaining psychic abilities after them .
Out - of - Body Discrepancies
(1) Some NDErs report out - of - body experiences during their NDEs where what is seen ' out - of - body ' does not correspond to what is actually happening in the physical world .
Peter and Elizabeth Fenwick reports the NDE of a World War II veteran whose unit came under attack from aerial bombers :
The battery cook ( a devout Muslim ) came running in panic toward me ....
He lay down , touching my right elbow , and calmed himself ....
As I looked up one of the Heinkel pilots executed a tight turn over the rim of the wadi and lined up on us ....
I flattened out like a lizard on the sand ....
Instantly I was enveloped in a cloud of beautiful purple light and a mighty roaring sound .... and then I was floating , as if in a flying dream , and watching my body , some dozen feet below , lifting off the sand and flopping back , face downwards .
I only saw my own body .
I was quite unaware of the two Sudanese lying beside me ....
And then I was gliding horizontally in a tunnel ... rather like a giant , round , luminous culvert , constructed of translucent silken material , and at the end of a circle of bright , pale primrose light .
I was enjoying the sensation of weightless , painless flight ....
I had a feeling it would be more interesting when I reached the light ....
I became aware that I was being ' sucked ' back through the tunnel and then into a body that felt rather unpleasantly ' heavy , ' that the sun was burning my back ....
[ T ]he Heinkels were still firing at us and a cannon shell knocked a saucepan off the truck above my head .
This troubled me not at all ; indeed I seemed to have lost all sense of fear , but my back felt wet and slimy so I looked over my shoulder to investigate the cause .
My back was a red mass of blood and raw flesh ....
Then I realised that I was looking at all that remained of Osman the cook , who had been lying beside me .
I noticed also that my Bren gunner , who had been close to my other side , had disappeared ( Fenwick and Fenwick 43 - 44 ) .
The Fenwicks concede that in this case it is " quite clear " that this NDEr was not actually observing the physical world when he saw his body from above .
Obviously this NDE must have been a brain - generated hallucination .
Despite their sympathy for the survival hypothesis , the Fenwicks are explicit about the hallucinatory nature of this NDE : " He was unaware of the cook , who had been lying beside him — and was now not simply lying beside him but spread all over his back , where he could hardly have failed to be seen " ( Fenwick and Fenwick 44 ) . [ 1 ]
(2) The Fenwicks also mention the case of a woman who had 3 spontaneous out - of - body experiences during her second pregnancy ( Fenwick and Fenwick 40 - 41 ) .
In her third OBE , she found it difficult to ' return to her body . '
The Fenwicks write : " Mrs Davey adds that although she was up on the ceiling , she did not see her body " ( Fenwick and Fenwick 41 ) . [ 2 ]
(3) In a case from " the Evergreen Study " ( conducted at Evergreen State College in Washington ) , a woman had a ruptured Fallopian tube due to an ectopic pregnancy ( where a fertilized egg implants and grows in one of the tubes rather than the uterus ) and reported seeing things in the room while ' out - of - body ' which did n't exist :
I saw this little table over the operating table .
You know , those little round trays like in a dental office where they have their instruments and all ?
I saw a little tray like that with a letter on it addressed ( from a relative by marriage she had not met ) ( Lindley , Bryan , and Conley 109 ) .
The authors report that this woman told her sister - in - law about her NDE , who happened to be a nurse who was called into the operating room at the time of the NDE .
But the nurse was adamant that there was neither a letter nor a round table in the operating room .
However , the authors note that there was a small rectangular table for holding instruments in the room called a ' Mayo ' and quickly deduce a probable scenario for why this experience took the form it did : " Notice [ Mayo ] sounds like ' mail . '
She may have heard someone call the tray by name ( since hearing is reportedly the final sense to fail at death ) and connected it with ' mail . ' " ( 109 ) .
Moreover , the letter seen out - of - body was addressed from the nurse 's brother - in - law , which suggests that she might have heard the nurse 's name and incorporated that information into her experience as well .
What is particularly interesting about this case is not simply that it contains discrepancies , but also that it seems to confirm that out - of - body imagery in NDEs is sometimes obtained directly from scraps of conversation rather than from some paranormal source .
(4) In a study of 264 subjects with sleep paralysis [ 3 ] , Giorgio Buzzi and Fabio Cirignotta found that about 11 % of their subjects ( 28 people ) " viewed themselves lying on the bed , generally from a location above the bed " ( Buzzi 2116 ) .
As Buzzi points out , however , these out - of - body experiences often included false perceptions of the physical environment :
I invited these people to do the following simple reality tests : trying to identify objects put in unusual places ; checking the time on the clock ; and focusing on a detail of the scene , and comparing it with reality .
I received a feedback [ sic ] from five individuals .
Objects put in unusual places ( eg , on top of the wardrobe ) were never identified during out - of - body experiences .
Clocks also proved to be unreliable : a woman with nightly episodes of sleep paralysis had two out - of - body experiences in the same night , and for each the clock indicated an impossible time ....
Finally , in all cases but one , some slight but important differences in the details were noted : " I looked at ' me ' sleeping peacefully in the bed while I wandered about .
Trouble is the ' me ' in the bed was wearing long johns ... I have never worn such a thing " ( Buzzi 2116 - 2117 ) .
Buzzi concludes that because these experiences contained out - of - body discrepancies and failed his other ' reality tests , ' his subjects ' out - of - body imagery must have been derived from memory and imagination rather than from the physical environment at the time ( 2117 ) .
(5) Melvin Morse reports an NDE where a young girl sees her teacher by her body during an OBE when her teacher is not actually there .
This case also has other hallucinatory features , such as encountering doctors in an ostensibly transcendental realm :
[ O ] ne child .... could see her own body as doctors wearing green masks tried to start an IV .
Then she saw her living teacher and classmates at her bedside , comforting her and singing to her ( her teacher did not visit her in the hospital ) .
Finally , three tall beings dressed in white that she identified as doctors asked her to push a button on a box at her bedside , telling her that if she pressed the green button she could go with them , but she would never see her family again .
She pressed the red button and regained consciousness ( Morse 68 - 69 ) .
(6) Using open - ended questions , Morse also found a case where a child that was clinically dead reported that while she was ' above her body ' looking down , " her mother 's nose appeared flattened and distorted ' like a pig monster ' " ( Morse 67 ) .
(7) The Fenwicks recount an NDE where the NDEr ' observed ' a procedure that never took place during the heart bypass operation she underwent at the time :
[ S ] he left her body and watched her heart lying beside her body , bumping away with what looked like ribbons coming from it to hands .
In fact , this is not what happens in a heart bypass operation , as the heart is left within the chest and is never taken outside the body ( Fenwick and Fenwick 193 ) .
The Fenwicks try to explain away this major discrepancy by pointing out that ribbons are indeed tied to arteries during an operation of this sort and by attributing the false perception to misidentification .
However , it is difficult to see how a person truly out - of - body with vivid perceptual capabilities could confuse arteries ( ribboned or not ) with a beating heart lying next to her outside of her body .
In the remainder of her experience this NDEr reported ' traveling ' to a place that looked like an enormous silver ' airplane hangar ' with tiny figures off in the distance , miles away .
(8) Other NDErs have reported seeing friends out - of - body with them who are , in reality , still alive and normally conscious .
The Evergreen Study also recorded a clearly hallucinatory near - death experience after a major car accident :
Well , then I remember , not physical bodies but like holding hands , the two of us , up above the trees .
It was a cloudy day , a little bit of clouds .
And thinking here we go , we 're going off into eternity ... and then bingo , I snapped my eyes open and I looked over and he was staring at me [ ellipsis original ]
( Lindley , Bryan , and Conley 110 ) .
The authors of the study go on to write : " In this incident a woman had lost consciousness but her male companion had not .
In the experience , she perceived the two of them in an out - of - body state , yet her friend never blacked out " ( 110 ) .
(9 ) OBErs who do not lose consciousness before their experiences often report watching their bodies continue to perform coordinated actions — as if they were still in control of their bodies — while nevertheless apparently viewing them from above .
Recalling an OBE while on patrol for the first time , chasing an armed suspect , a police officer reported :
I promptly went out of my body and up into the air maybe 20 feet above the scene .
I remained there , extremely calm , while I watched the entire procedure — including watching myself do exactly what I had been trained to do ( Alvarado 183 ) .
After the suspect had been restrained and the danger was over , the officer returned to normal consciousness .
Another OBEr , who had been running for over 12 miles training for a marathon , reported :
I felt as if something was leaving my body , and although I was still running along looking at the scenery , I was looking at myself running as well ( 184 ) .
This ability to simultaneously ' hover ' above the scene and continue to function as if ' in ' the body strongly suggests the hallucinatory nature of these experiences .
In some sleep disorders , for instance , subjects are able to exhibit " directed " behavior — e.g. , sleepwalking and sleep eating — even though they are evidently not normally conscious .
Taking on an extraordinary new perspective while functioning normally otherwise makes much more sense if such experiences are occurring ' in ' the body all along , rather than in some remote discarnate entity detached from the physical body .
( 10 ) Finally , Harvey Irwin notes other intriguing examples of hallucinatory OBEs , such as reports of " seeing the physical body as if from a height of 30 feet ( 9 meters ) or more ... [ when ] this would have entailed seeing through the roof and the ceiling of the house " ( Irwin , " Introduction " 223 ) .
If something leaves the body and perceives the physical world during OBEs , he asked , " why do some OBErs report distortions in reality ( e.g. , [ nonexistent ] bars on the bedroom window ) , and how are some experients able to manipulate the nature and existence of objects in the out - of - body environment by an effort of will ? " ( 233 ) .
As the Fenwicks point out , if OBEs and NDEs are hallucinations ,
we should expect there to be major discrepancies between the psychological image — what the person sees from up there on the ceiling , which will be constructed by the brain entirely from memory ; and the real image — what is actually going on at ground level .
Mrs Ivy Davey , for example , did not see her body , although her body was clearly there ( Fenwick and Fenwick 41 ) .
And in the cases above this is exactly what we find .
Discrepancies between what 's seen out - of - body and what 's actually happening in the physical world are found in spontaneous OBEs , in NDEs where a real or perceived threat of imminent harm triggers an OBE , and in NDEs that include an OBE along with other NDE components ( e.g. , a tunnel and light ) .
Veridical Paranormal Perception During OBEs ?
The cases cited in this essay show that many near - death experiences are hallucinations .
[ 4 ]
NDE cases which include false descriptions of the physical environment have been found not only by different near - death researchers , but by researchers searching for evidence that NDEs are not hallucinatory .
This motivation among researchers makes it impossible to estimate the prevalence of NDEs with clearly hallucinatory features .
As Bruce Greyson points out , the file - drawer problem is a likely factor here : NDE accounts with clearly hallucinatory features may end up filed away indefinitely , while only more dramatic accounts are deemed fit for publication by NDE researchers ( Greyson , " Near - Death " 344 ) .
Similarly , NDEs with obviously hallucinatory traits seem particularly likely to be underreported by NDErs themselves , given the disparity between how real one 's NDE felt at the time and the realization that it could not possibly reflect reality if , for instance , the NDEr communicated with his still - living mother in an ostensibly transcendental realm .
Nevertheless , given that many NDEs are already known to be hallucinations , it is likely that other NDEs are hallucinations as well .
The majority of near - death researchers are interested in the subject because they believe NDEs provide evidence for life after death .
Thus near - death researchers generally disregard hallucinatory NDEs while searching for cases of veridical paranormal perception .
But at the end of the day , we are left with no compelling evidence that NDErs have actually been able to obtain information from remote locations , and we have clear evidence that NDErs sometimes have false perceptions of the physical world during their experiences .
Mark
Fox provides a very balanced assessment of the evidential value of near - death experiences in his recently published Religion , Spirituality and the Near - Death Experience .
As a research committee member of the Religious Experience Research Centre at the University of Wales , Lampeter , Fox is certainly no enemy of dualism .
Yet he concludes that NDE research to date largely presupposes some sort of dualism rather than providing evidence for it :
This needs to be spelled out loudly and clearly : twenty - five years after the coining of the actual phrase ' near - death experience , ' it remains to be established beyond doubt that during such an experience anything actually leaves the body .
To date , and claims to the contrary notwithstanding , no researcher has provided evidence for such an assertion of an acceptable standard which would put the matter beyond doubt ( Fox 340 ) .
In fact , very few cases of ' veridical perception ' during NDEs have been corroborated .
In many cases , details which are said to have been accurate " are not the kind that can easily be checked later " ( Blackmore , " Dying " 114 ) .
Even the ' founding father ' of near - death studies , Raymond Moody , concedes that most cases of alleged veridical perception during NDEs are found well after the fact and are usually attested to only by the NDEr and perhaps a few friends ( 114 ) .
And in one study Carlos Alvarado found that although nearly one - fifth of participants claimed to have made " verifiable observations " during their OBEs , only 3 of the 61 cases even " qualified as potentially veridical when experients were asked to provide fuller descriptions " ( Alvarado 187 ) .
Susan Blackmore and Tillman Rodabough consider at length how accurate information can be incorporated into realistic out - of - body imagery during NDEs .
Both conclude that the primary source of information in the construction of out - of - body imagery is probably hearing .
Rodabough notes that patients who appear to be unconscious often repeat earlier comments made by doctors and nurses even without an OBE , and " have even been able to recall operating room conversations under hypnosis " ( Rodabough 108 ) .
But Blackmore points out that other sensory sources of information are also available to patients .
She notes that a residual sense of touch during NDEs could explain accurate details about where defibrillator pads were placed or where chest injections were administered ( Blackmore , " Dying " 125 ) .
Remaining out - of - body imagery is probably derived from imagination and general background knowledge .
For example , Rodabough points out that childhood socialization trains us to imagine how we appear to others ' from the outside ' ; thus visualizing oneself from a third - person perspective comes naturally ( Rodabough 108 ) .
Blackmore notes that when people are asked to imagine walking down a beach , they usually picture themselves from above , from a bird 's - eye perspective ( Blackmore , " Dying " 177 ) .
Carol Zaleski suggests that we should expect some NDEs to include OBEs because the most natural way to imagine experiencing one 's death is to imagine looking down on one 's body from above ( as people typically do when asked to imagine viewing their own burials ) .
In her lesser - known 1996 book on NDEs , The Life of the World to Come , Zaleski notes :
The people who testify to near - death experience are neither Platonists nor Cartesians , yet they find it natural to speak of leaving their bodies in this way .
There simply is no other way for the imagination to dramatize the experience of death : the soul quits the body and yet continues to have a form ( Zaleski , " Life " 62-63 ) .
Background knowledge also surely plays a role .
Personal experience and media portrayals make it easy for us to imagine what a hospital scene should look like ( Rodabough 109 ) .
Even specific details about people are fairly predictable in a hospital setting :
When either a person or their roles [ sic ] is well known , it is not difficult to predict dress or behavior .
For example , is n't it easy to guess that a physician will wear his greens in surgery ? [ 5 ] ...
Behavior , particularly where strong emotions are concerned , may be even easier to predict .
Mother falls apart and begins to sob hysterically while Dad puts his arms around her in consolation and stoically keeps his anxiety inside .... [ Thus ] the probability of an accurate description can be high even without an out - of - body experience [ emphasis mine ] ( Rodabough 109 ) .
Blackmore ultimately concludes that " prior knowledge , fantasy and lucky guesses and the remaining operating senses of hearing and touch , " plus " the way memory works to recall accurate items and forget the wrong ones " is sufficient to explain out - of - body imagery in NDEs ( Blackmore , " Dying " 115 ) .
Cases incorporating out - of - body discrepancies , including those based on misinterpretations of scraps of conversation ( e.g. , seeing mail in out - of - body imagery when ' Mayo ' is spoken ) , appear to confirm this suggestion .
Our memories are constantly reconstructed as we retell stories about our pasts .
When a person has an extraordinary story to tell , such as how he found himself out of his body , with all that suggests about the possibility of life after death , the likelihood of exaggeration — even unintentional exaggeration — is obvious .
In such cases , ultimately " the version we tell is likely to be just that little bit more interesting or poignant than it might have been " ( 115 ) .
In fact , most NDE reports are provided to researchers years after the experience itself .
Ultimately , all we have to go on is after - the - fact reports of private experiences .
The constant reconstruction of memory makes it difficult to know just what NDErs have actually experienced .
This problem is clearly recognized by Fox :
[ T ]he fact that NDErs ' testimonies are indeed retrospectively composed ... arouses a suspicion that what NDErs recall — and hence narrate — about their experiences may in fact be different than what they actually experienced during their near - death crises ....
[ A] ttempting to ascertain what really happens to NDErs — what the core elements of their experiences actually are in and of themselves — may be nigh on impossible to determine .... [ W ] hat is remembered about an experience or situation may not actually accurately correspond to what was experienced at the time ( Fox 197 ) .
Following Zaleski ,
Fox also wonders to what extent people other than the NDEr play a part in composing an NDE report .
Both note , for example , Raymond Moody 's concession that he sometimes used leading questions when interviewing respondents for his 1975 Life After Life ( Zaleski , " Otherworldly " 149 ; Fox 199 ) .
Zaleski also points out that after urging his respondents to speak freely , Kenneth Ring would ask specific questions about whether his subjects encountered features of Moody 's model of the NDE , such as : " [ W ] ere you ever aware of seeing your physical body ? " or " Did you at any time experience a light , glow , or illumination ? " ( Zaleski , " Otherworldly " 105-106 ) .
After Sabom allowed his patients to speak freely , he would also " delve for the elements described in Life After Life " ( Zaleski , " Otherworldly " 109 ) .
One wonders how much similarity would have been found between individual NDE accounts in the West had these early researchers simply asked their respondents to speak freely about their experiences without steering them in a particular direction by probing for Moody 's elements .
This raises further questions about the extent to which other near - death researchers have also used leading interviewing techniques ( Fox 199-200 ) .
As Greyson points out , how a counselor responds to an NDEr " can have a tremendous influence on whether the NDE is accepted and becomes a stimulus for psychospiritual growth or whether it is regarded as a bizarre experience that must not be shared " [ emphasis mine ] ( Greyson , " Near - Death " 328 ) .
While some counselors might take a dismissive attitude to such experiences , many are likely to influence NDErs in the opposite direction , and near - death researchers seem particularly likely to positively reinforce an afterlife interpretation of NDEs .
This may be one reason why so many NDErs accept that interpretation .
Another may be that widespread belief in an afterlife among the general population has already primed NDErs to interpret unusual experiences on the brink of death in terms of an afterlife .
And on top of such outside influences , Fox notes :
[ Simply ] having an experience which may appear to the subject to point to the possibility of immortality — such as an OBE whilst resting or sleeping , leading to the conviction that the soul can function independently of the body — may suffice to instil in him or her an often strong and permanent belief that personal death is not the end ....
And often their experiences are so vivid as to provide , for them , a solid basis for drawing conclusions across a wide range of important , existential issues : including the question of their own immortality and its relationship to the way they live and understand their lives before their deaths ( Fox 287 ) .
Taking an afterlife interpretation largely explains the transformative effects of NDEs on those who have them as well .
( Though to gauge the extent of this , it would be interesting to see if " nonbelievers " had the same transformations as " survivalists " among NDErs . ) [ 6 ]
Rodabough explains how unintentional interviewer feedback can contaminate NDE reports :
[ I ] f the resuscitated person gives a partially accurate account of some event taking place while he was " out , " the questioner may unintentionally give information which the resuscitated person unknowingly fits into his story .
To some degree , we can visualize what we are told and not be sure which occurred first ....
This is likely to occur if the questioner wants to hear things a particular way and nonverbally reinforces the respondent when he hears what he wants .
The high enthusiasm of the interviewer may unwittingly entice the respondents to embellish their experiences , and low enthusiasm may influence respondents to remain silent about puzzling or unusual experiences ( Rodabough 109 - 110 ) .
In fact , in recent years a large number of NDE reports have been garnered from NDE support groups .
Support group members have almost certainly shaped the content of individual NDE accounts through " biographical reshaping , deepening of commitment , and reinforcement of group belief " ( Fox 201 ) .
In The Truth in the Light , the Fenwicks asks how an experience as coherent as an NDE could be generated in a disorganized dying brain , and how it could be encoded for vivid recall later :
How is it that this coherent , highly structured experience sometimes occurs during unconsciousness , when it is impossible to postulate an organized sequence of events in a disordered brain ?
One is forced to the conclusion that either science is missing a fundamental link which would explain how organized experiences can arise in a disorganized brain , or that some forms of experience are transpersonal — that is , they depend on a mind which is not inextricably bound up with the brain ( Fenwick and Fenwick 235 ) . [ 7 ]
But as Gerald Woerlee points out , lack of oxygen to the brain blunts a subject 's judgment , creating a false confidence in one 's abilities and a false sense that one 's thinking is particularly keen — a well - known fact exhibited in the statements of clearly impaired drunk drivers .
" This , " he argues , " is why people recovering from cardiac resuscitation never say their mental state during a period of consciousness such as an NDE was confused or befuddled " ( Woerlee , " Cardiac " 246 ) .
Greyson offers a related argument :
[ O]rganic brain malfunctions generally produce clouded thinking , irritability , fear , belligerence , and idiosyncratic visions , quite unlike the exceptionally clear thinking , peacefulness , calmness , and predictable content that typifies the NDE .
Visions in patients with delirium are generally of living persons , whereas those of patients with a clear sensorium as they approached death are almost invariably of deceased persons [ emphasis mine ] ( Greyson , " Near - Death " 334 ) .
But as we see in the case of G - LOC dreamlets ( pleasurable experiences caused by lack of oxygen to the brain during pilot blackouts ) , some " organic brain malfunctions " clearly produce hallucinatory experiences characterized by clarity of thought , euphoria , and the ' realness ' feel of the experience .
As James E. Whinnery has reported , hypoxic G - LOC episodes have some similarities to NDEs , such as floating sensations , OBEs , visions of lights , and " vivid dreamlets of beautiful places that frequently include family members and close friends , pleasurable sensations , euphoria , and some pleasurable memories " ( Greyson , " Near - Death " 334 ) .
The ability to consistently induce these dreamlets in pilot centrifuges should have dispelled the myth that hypoxic hallucinations are nearly always frightening , confused , or disoriented .
And the prevalence of visions of the deceased in NDEs is not surprising : patients who merely have delirium are not dying and have no particular expectation of dying .
For the same reason , it should not be surprising that G - LOC dreamlets do not share other NDE features .
The context of NDEs is much different , as the sensation or expectation of dying is much more likely in near - death contexts .
And while Greyson points out that NDErs who had hallucinations prior to their NDEs describe their NDE worlds as " ' more real ' than the world of waking hallucinations " ( 334 ) , the proper comparison is between NDEs and ( very vivid and realistic ) hallucinations that follow a loss of consciousness ( e.g. , dreams ) , not waking hallucinations .
In their prospective study of NDEs published in Lancet , Pim van Lommel and colleagues argue that NDE - like hallucinations induced in the laboratory are simply too fragmented to be comparable to NDEs ( van Lommel et al. 2044 ) .
So why do NDErs recall such vivid experiences , rather than fragments of memories , if NDEs are hallucinations ?
Fox suggests that the answer does not lie in what is happening to the brain during the NDE , but in how NDE reports are reshaped afterward :
[ I]t is clearly probable that both the structured story which at least some NDErs tell and its vividness and clarity may both stem from a variety of sources other than the purely private experiences of the NDErs themselves .... [ P ] lot and detail may potentially hail from a wide range of sources , including ... the behavior of near - death researchers themselves as they attempt to draw out a story along already existing and fixed lines , and the processes which have been seen to exist when the NDEr 's story is told and retold before groups ( which may themselves interact in the process of composition and reshaping of the original traveller 's tale ) ( Fox 203 ) .
In fact , the comments of NDErs themselves provide evidence that NDE accounts become more elaborate over time while NDErs ' commitment to the reality of their experiences deepens .
After 23 years of trying to determine the significance of her NDE , one woman commented : " It was real then .
It is more real now " ( Zaleski , " Otherworldly " 150 ) .
Another NDEr noted that what he understood and remembered about his NDE had grown over the years by relating the story to others ( 150 ) .
In one of the more reliable studies of NDE incidence and transformation , van Lommel and colleagues found that the transformations widely believed to occur after NDEs actually do occur [ 8 ] , but that " this process of change after NDE tends to take several years to consolidate " ( van Lommel et al. 2043 ) .
In other words , the transformative effect of NDEs on experients is not immediate , but gradual . [ 9 ]
This suggests that NDE transformations do not result from the NDE itself , but from reflecting on the meaning of the experience — that is , from the added layers of meaning and interpretation experients ' place on their NDEs .
Rense Lange , Bruce Greyson , and James Houran have even found suggestive statistical evidence for embellishment .
In the process of establishing that the Greyson NDE Scale can reliably diagnose and measure the depth of NDEs , the researchers made a curious discovery about their sample of NDErs .
Plotting data on when an NDE occurred against when it was reported , they found that " when reported at a later age ( 50 years or older ) NDE[s ] appear more intense then when reported earlier ( 49 or younger ) , and the intensity of the reported NDE [ s ] increased with their latency ( shorter vs. longer than 15 years ) " ( Lange , Greyson , and Houran 168 ) .
In other words , the longer the delay between having the experience and reporting it , the more intense the NDE that was reported .
As the authors note , however , these findings conflict with those of a similar study by Carlos Alvarado and Nancy Zingrone , and David Lester found no correlation between NDE depth ( as measured by Kenneth Ring 's Weighted Core Experience Index ) and length of delay between the NDE and when it was reported ( 172 ) .
Consequently , the discovery of embellishment in the Lange - Greyson - Houran study may have been peculiar to that particular sample of NDErs , rather than a finding that should be generalized to all NDErs .
The authors suggest longitudinal studies to definitively determine the extent of embellishment in NDEs ( 173 ) . [ 10 ]
Further evidence that NDE accounts are continually reshaped over time to make them more coherent and interesting comes from comparisons between the NDEs reported by adults and those reported by children .
Childhood NDE reports almost always consist only of memory fragments ( Morse 68 ) .
Both the Fenwicks and Morse found that childhood NDEs tend to be much more fragmentary than those of adults .
This makes sense , for children have fewer conceptual resources to draw on and so are much less likely to incorporate unconscious embellishments in their accounts when recalling their NDEs .
Given fragmentary experiences of any sort , the brain will often fill in the gaps with plausible guesses about what happened in the missing intervals in order for an experience to make sense .
Human memory relies on plausible after - the - fact reconstructions of events that often incorporate details invented by the subject , details which were never actually experienced .
For example , a witness may provide a description of a robber wearing the wrong color of clothing .
Since adults have already developed complex ways of making sense of their experiences , while children have comparably simple thought processes , it would not be surprising for adult NDErs to unconsciously embellish reports of their experiences with after - the - fact interpretations of them .
This seems to be the most likely explanation for why adult NDE reports are so vivid and structured , flowing seamlessly from one NDE element to another , while childhood NDEs tend to be fragmentary .
Van Lommel and colleagues open their discussion of the results of their landmark longitudinal study with an argument against physiological explanations for NDEs :
Our results show that medical factors cannot account for [ the ] occurrence of [ the ] NDE ; although all [ of our ] patients had been clinically dead , most did not have [ an ] NDE .
Furthermore , seriousness of the crisis was not related to occurrence or depth of the experience .
If purely physiological factors resulting from cerebral anoxia caused [ the ] NDE , most of our patients should have had this experience ( 2043 ) .
One possible answer to this argument is anticipated in Blackmore 's model of the NDE :
There are different kinds of anoxia , and rate of onset , amount of time before oxygen restoration , and similar factors have to fall within the right ranges before an NDE can take place . [ 11 ]
Apparently , for the vast majority of cardiac arrest survivors , this does not happen , and so NDEs are rare among them , no matter how close they come to death as measured by some objective criterion .
Another possible answer , perhaps complementary to Blackmore 's , is suggested by Britton and Bootzin 's research :
If only a small minority of those who come close to death are physiologically predisposed to have NDEs , the vast majority will experience nothing — and this is exactly what we find .
On the other hand , what of the alternative explanation ?
If NDEs were really glimpses of an afterlife , why is it that only a fraction of those who come close to death ( about 10 - 20 % per van Lommel et al. ) report them ? [ 12 ]
Physiology provides a ready answer : Woerlee has calculated that around 20 - 24 % of those undergoing cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) have some degree of consciousness restored during CPR , a fraction of whom could be having NDEs precisely because the conditions are ripe for an altered state of consciousness ( Woerlee , " Cardiac " 233 , 244 ) .
And why are n't NDEs consistently reported ( nearly 100 % of the time ) after the controlled induction of hypothermic cardiac arrest or " standstill , " where patients are clinically dead for up to an hour ? [ 13 ]
The vast majority of those who come as close to death as possible without actually dying experience nothing at all ( van Lommel et al. 2041 ) .
If NDEs are to be understood as glimpses of an afterlife , are we to conclude that 80 % of individuals cease to exist when they die , while the remaining 20 % survive bodily death ?
While some NDErs claim to accurately see things they could not possibly see from their bodies , such anecdotes are difficult to corroborate , and it would not be surprising if NDErs consciously or unconsciously exaggerated the accuracy of their descriptions in order to validate their experiences .
As we shall see later , many NDErs are already known to exaggerate claims about their psychic abilities after their NDEs ; so it would not be surprising for them to exaggerate claims about what they saw during their out - of - body experiences as well .
The near - death literature is filled with anecdotes of NDErs providing accurate details about events they could not have possibly learned about through normal means .
But as I hope to make clear , claims of unequivocal paranormal perception during NDEs are greatly exaggerated .
Let 's take a closer look at a few well - known cases widely held to provide such evidence .
Maria's Shoe
In 1984 Kimberly Clark ( now Kimberly Clark Sharp ) reported a sensational case of apparent veridical paranormal perception during an NDE .
Seven years earlier , in April 1977 , an out - of - town migrant worker known only as " Maria " was admitted to the coronary care unit of Seattle 's Harborview Medical Center after a heart attack .
Three days later , Maria had a second heart attack while still hospitalized and was quickly resuscitated .
When Clark came to check on Maria 's condition later that day , Maria reported an OBE where she witnessed her resuscitation from above , noting printouts flowing from the machines monitoring her vital signs .
Next she reported becoming distracted by something over the area surrounding the emergency room entrance and ' willing herself ' outside of the hospital .
She accurately described the area surrounding the emergency room entrance , which Clark found curious since a canopy over the entrance would have obstructed Maria 's view if she had simply looked out of her hospital room window .
Maria then became distracted by something on a third - floor window ledge on the far side of the hospital , ' willing herself ' to this location as well .
From this apparent vantage point , she noted a left - foot man 's tennis shoe on a third - floor window ledge .
She described the shoe as dark blue with a worn - out patch over the little toe and a single shoelace tucked under its heel .
To corroborate her story , Maria asked Clark to go look for the shoe ( Clark 242-243 ) .
Unable to see anything from outside the hospital at ground level , Clark reports , she proceeded to search room - to - room on the floor above Maria 's room , pressing her face hard against the windows to see their ledges .
Eventually she came across the reported shoe in one of the rooms , but insisted that she could not see the worn - out toe facing outward or the tucked - in shoelace from inside the room .
Clark then removed the shoe from the ledge ( 243 ) .
Kenneth Ring and Madelaine Lawrence hail the report as one of most convincing cases of veridical paranormal perception during NDEs on record :
[ T ]he facts of the case seem incontestable .
Maria 's inexplicable detection of that inexplicable shoe is a strange and strangely beguiling sighting of the sort that has the power to arrest the skeptic 's argument in mid-sentence , if only by virtue of its indisputable improbability ( Ring and Lawrence 223 ) .
This case has taken on the status of something of an urban legend , allegedly demonstrating that Maria learned things during her OBE that she could not have possibly known about other than by actually leaving her body .
But as Hayden Ebbern , Sean Mulligan , and Barry Beyerstein make clear , the details Maria reported were in fact quite accessible to her through ordinary sense perception and inference .
In 1994 Ebbern and Mulligan visited Harborview to survey the sites where the NDE took place and to interview Clark .
They were unable to locate " Maria " or anyone who knew her personally and suspect that she is now deceased ( Ebbern , Mulligan , and Beyerstein 30 ) .
They examined each of the details of Clark 's report and found the case much less impressive than it has been made out to be .
First , after being hospitalized for three days , Maria would have been quite familiar with the equipment monitoring her ; so her perception of the printouts during her OBE may be nothing more than " a visual memory incorporated into the hallucinatory world that is often formed by a sensory - deprived and oxygen - starved brain " ( 31 ) .
Second , her perception of details concerning the area surrounding the emergency room entrance were of details that " common sense would dictate " — such as the fact that the doors opened inward , accommodating paramedics rushing in patients who need immediate attention ( 31 ) .
Moreover , she was brought into the hospital through this very entrance — albeit at night , but the area was well - lit — and could 've picked up details about it from normal sensory channels then ( 31 - 32 ) .
The fact that rushing ambulances would traverse a one - way driveway , too , is something anyone could infer from common sense .
Finally , Maria 's hospital room was just above the emergency room entrance for a full three days before she had her OBE , and " she could have [ easily ] gained some sense of the traffic flow from the sounds of the ambulances coming and going " and from nighttime " reflections of vehicle lights " even if she never left her bed ( 32 ) .
But what of the most persuasive aspect of her report — her description of the celebrated shoe ?
How difficult would it have been for her to learn these details without having left her body ?
Ebbern and Mulligan set out to determine exactly that :
As part of our investigation , Ebbern and Mulligan visited Harborview Medical Center to determine for themselves just how difficult it would be to see , from outside the hospital , a shoe on one of its third - floor window ledges .
They placed a running shoe of their own at the place Clark described and then went outside to observe what was visible from ground level .
They were astonished at the ease with which they could see and identify the shoe .
Clark 's claim that the shoe would have been invisible from ground level outside the hospital is all the more incredible because the investigators ' viewpoint was considerably inferior to what Clark 's would have been seventeen years earlier .
That is because , in 1994 , there was new construction under way beneath the window in question and this forced Ebbern and Mulligan to view the shoe from a much greater distance than would have been necessary for Clark ( 32 ) .
As the authors note , what was a construction area for them in 1994 was a high - traffic parking lot and recreation area back in 1977 , providing an even better view of Maria 's shoe than the one they saw so easily .
Their 1994 ' test shoe ' was so conspicuous , in fact , that by the time they returned to the hospital one week later , " someone not specifically looking for it " had noticed it and removed it ( 32 ) .
It is quite likely , then , " that anyone who might have noticed the shoe back in 1977 would have commented on it because of the novelty of its location " and Maria could have heard such a conversation and consciously forgotten about it , incorporating it into her out - of - body imagery ( 32 ) .
Moreover , even if no one had seen it from the ground level , Ebbern and Mulligan tested Clark 's claim that Maria 's shoe was impossible to see from inside the room unless she pressed her face hard against the glass looking for it .
This claim was found to be wanting :
They easily placed their running shoe on the ledge from inside one of the rooms and it was clearly visible from various points within the room .
There was no need whatsoever for anyone to press his or her face against the glass to see the shoe .
In fact , one needed only to take a few steps into the room to be able to see it clearly .
To make matters worse for Clark 's account , a patient would not even need to strain to see it from his or her bed in the room .
So it is apparent that many people inside as well as outside the hospital would have had the opportunity to notice the now - famous shoe , making it even more likely that Maria could have overheard some mention of it ( 32 ) .
The authors add that anyone who did press his or her face against the glass to get a closer look at the conspicuous shoe from inside the room could easily see the worn - out little toe and tucked shoelace : " we had no difficulty seeing the shoe 's allegedly hidden outer side " ( 32 ) .
They conclude :
[ Maria 's shoe ] would have been visible , both inside and outside the hospital , to numerous people who could have come into contact with her .
It also seems likely that some of them might have mentioned it within earshot ....
[ And Clark ] did not publicly report the details of Maria 's NDE until seven years after it occurred .
It is quite possible that during this interval some parts of the story were forgotten and some details may have been interpolated .... [ Moreover ] , we have no way of knowing what leading questions Maria may have been asked , or what Maria might have " recalled " that did not fit and was dropped from the record ( 32-33 ) .
Furthermore , Clark 's inaccurate account of how difficult the shoe was to see from both inside and out provides evidence that she subconsciously embellished significant details to bolster the apparently veridical nature of the case ( 33 ) .
Pam Reynolds
As Michael Sabom recounts in Light and Death , in August 1991 a then 35 - year - old woman he called " Pam Reynolds " ( a pseudonym ) underwent an innovative procedure to remove a brain aneurysm .
The procedure — inducing hypothermic cardiac arrest or " standstill " — involved lowering Pam 's body temperature to 60 °F , stopping her heart and breathing , and draining the blood from her brain to cool it and then reintroduce it .
When her body temperature had reached 60 °F and she had no electrical activity in her brain , her aneurysm was removed .
About 2 hours after awaking from general anesthesia , Pam was moved into the recovery room still intubated ( Sabom , " Light " 46 - 47 ) .
At some point after that , the tube was removed from her trachea and she was able to speak .
She reported a classic NDE with a vivid OBE , moving through a " tunnel vortex " toward a " pinpoint of light " that continually grew larger , hearing her deceased grandmother 's voice , encountering figures in a bright light , encountering deceased relatives who gave her " something sparkly " to eat , and being ' returned ' to her body by her deceased uncle ( Sabom , " Light " 42 - 46 ) .
The case was quickly celebrated because of the lack of synaptic activity within the procedure and Pam 's report of an apparently veridical OBE at some point during the operation .
But it has been sensationalized at the expense of the facts , facts which have been continually misrepresented by some parapsychologists and near - death researchers . [ 14 ]
Although hailed by some as " the most compelling case to date of veridical perception during an NDE " ( Corcoran , Holden , and James ) , and " the single best instance we now have in the literature on NDEs to confound the skeptics " ( Ring , " Religious Wars " 218 ) , it is in fact best understood in terms of normal perception operating during an entirely nonthreatening physiological state .
Two mischaracterizations of this case are particularly noteworthy , as their errors of fact greatly exaggerate the force of this NDE as evidence for survival after death . [ 15 ]
First , in their write - up of the first prospective study of NDEs , van Lommel and colleagues write :
Sabom mentions a young American woman who had complications during brain surgery for a cerebral aneurysm .
The EEG [ electroencephalogram ] of her cortex and brainstem had become totally flat .
After the operation , which was eventually successful , this patient proved to have had a very deep NDE , including an out - of - body experience , with subsequently verified observations during the period of the flat EEG [ emphasis mine ] ( van Lommel et al. 2044 ) .
Second , in his Immortal Remains — an assessment of the evidence for survival of bodily death — Stephen Braude erroneously describes the case as follows :
Sabom reports the case of a woman who , for about an hour , had all the blood drained from her head and her body temperature lowered to 60 degrees .
During that time her heartbeat and breathing stopped , and she had both a flat EEG and absence of auditory evoked potentials from her brainstem ....
Apparently during this period she had a detailed veridical near - death OBE [ emphasis mine ] ( Braude 274 ) .
But anyone who gives Sabom 's chapters on the case more than a cursory look will see two glaring errors in the descriptions above .
First , it is quite clear that Pam did not have her NDE during any period of flat EEG . [ 16 ]
Indeed , she was as far as a patient undergoing her operation could possibly be from clinical death when her OBE began . [ 17 ]
Second , she had no cerebral cortical activity for no longer than roughly half an hour .
Both of these facts are nicely illustrated in Figure 1 below .
Fig. 1 . Timeline of Pam Reynolds ' general anesthesia .
The colored areas represent changes in body temperature : Green indicates a life - sustaining temperature ; yellow , the mechanical cooling or warming of blood ; red , the constant temperature of her deepest hypothermia .
Most times marking events or temperatures are derived from Michael Sabom 's account of Pam Reynolds ' procedure provided in Chapters 3 & 10 of Light & Death .
Despite accurately reporting the facts , Sabom himself has encouraged these misrepresentations . [ 18 ]
Though he informs the reader that Pam 's experience began well before standstill , he reveals this incidentally , so that a careful reading of the text is required to discern the point .
For instance , just after describing Pam 's recollections of an operating room conversation , he notes , almost as an afterthought , that " [ h ] ypothermic cardiac arrest would definitely be needed " [ emphasis mine ] ( Sabom , " Light " 42 ) .
He then goes on to assert that the very features of her experience which cannot be timed happened during standstill .
At first , Sabom only implies this by describing the cooling of blood leading to standstill prior to describing the remainder of Pam 's near - death experience ( 42 - 46 ) .
Then Sabom turns to a discussion of whether Pam was " really " dead during a portion of her standstill state :
But during " standstill , " Pam 's brain was found " dead " by all three clinical tests — her electroencephalogram was silent , her brain - stem response was absent , and no blood flowed through her brain .
Interestingly , while in this state , she encountered the " deepest " near - death experience of all Atlanta Study participants ....
With this information , can we now scientifically assert that Pam was either dead or alive during her near - death experience ?
Unfortunately , no .
Even if all medical tests certify her death , we would still have to wait to see if life was restored [ emphasis mine ] ( Sabom , " Light " 49 ) .
Of course , the issue of whether Pam was " really " dead within standstill is an extraordinarily misleading red herring in this context .
And it is blatantly irresponsible for Sabom to explicitly state that her NDE occurred " while in this state . "
As Sabom 's own account reveals , her standstill condition had absolutely nothing to do with the time when we know that her near - death OBE began :
A full two hours and five minutes before the medical staff even began to cool her blood , during perfectly normal body temperature ! [ 19 ] ( Again , see Figure 1 . )
Unlike the other elements of her NDE , we can precisely time when Pam's OBE began because she did accurately describe an operating room conversation .
Namely , she accurately recalled comments made by her cardiothoracic surgeon , Dr. Murray , about her " veins and arteries being very small " ( Pam 's words ) ( Sabom , " Light " 42 ) .
Two operative reports allow us to time this observation .
First , in the head surgeon 's report , Dr. Robert Spetzler noted that when he was cutting open Pam 's skull , " Dr. Murray performed bilateral femoral cut - downs for cannulation for cardiac bypass " ( 185 ) .
So at about the same time that Dr. Spetzler was opening Pam 's skull , Dr. Murray began accessing Pam 's blood vessels so that they could be hooked up to the bypass machine which would cool her blood and ultimately bring her to standstill .
Second , Dr. Murray 's operative report noted that " the right common femoral artery was quite small " and thus could not be hooked up to the bypass machine .
Consequently , Murray 's report continues , " bilateral groin cannulation would be necessary :
This was discussed with Neurosurgery , as it would affect angio access postoperatively for arteriography " ( 185 ) .
And although Pam 's mother was given a copy of the head surgeon 's operative report ( which she said Pam did not read ) , the report did not say anything about any of Pam 's arteries being too small ( Sabom , " Shadow " 7 ) .
Many have argued that Pam 's accurate recall of an operating room conversation is strong evidence that she really did leave her body during the procedure .
But there is at least one peculiar fact about Pam 's recollections — in addition to the timing of her experience — which makes a physiological explanation of her OBE much more likely .
General anesthesia is the result of administering a trio of types of drugs : sedatives , to induce sleep or prevent memory formation ; muscle relaxants , to ensure full - body paralysis ; and painkillers .
Inadequate sedation alone results in anesthesia awareness .
Additionally , if insufficient concentrations of muscle relaxants are administered , a patient will be able to move ; and if an inadequate amount of painkillers are administered , a patient will be able to feel pain ( Woerlee , " Anaesthesiologist " 16 ) .
During a typical surgical procedure , an anesthesiologist must regularly administer this trio of drugs throughout the operation .
But just prior to standstill , anesthetic drugs are no longer administered , as deep hypothermia is sufficient to maintain unconsciousness .
The effects of any remaining anesthetics wear off during the warming of blood following standstill ( G. Woerlee , personal communication , November 8 , 2005 ) .
About one or two in a thousand patients undergoing general anesthesia report some form of anesthesia awareness .
That represents between 20,000 and 40,000 patients a year within the United States alone .
A full 48 % of these patients report auditory recollections postoperatively , while only 28 % report feeling pain during the experience ( JCAHO 10 ) .
Moreover , " higher incidences of awareness have been reported for caesarean section ( 0.4 % ) , cardiac surgery ( 1.5 % ) , and surgical treatment for trauma ( 11 - 43 % ) " ( Bünning and Blanke 343 ) .
Such instances must at least give us pause about attributing Pam 's intraoperative recollections to some form of out - of - body paranormal perception .
Moreover , for decades sedative anesthetics such as nitrous oxide have been known to trigger OBEs .
Sometime after 7:15 AM that August morning , general anesthesia was administered to Pam Reynolds .
Subsequently , her arms and legs were tied down to the operating table , her eyes were lubricated and taped shut , and she was instrumented in various other ways ( Sabom , " Light " 38 ) .
A standard EEG was used to record activity in her cerebral cortex , while small earphones continuously played clicks [ 20 ] into her ears to invoke auditory evoked potentials ( AEPs ) , a measure of activity in the brain stem ( 39 ) .
Sabom considers whether conscious or semiconscious auditory perceptions were incorporated into Pam's OBE imagery during a period of anesthesia awareness , but dismisses the possibility all - too - hastily :
Could Pam have heard the intraoperative conversation and then used this to reconstruct an out - of - body experience ?
At the beginning of the procedure , molded ear speakers were placed in each ear as a test for auditory and brain - stem reflexes .
These speakers occlude the ear canals and altogether eliminate the possibility of physical hearing ( Sabom , " Light " 184 ) .
But is this last claim really true ?
Since Sabom merely asserts this ( and has an obvious stake in it being true ) , we have little reason to take him at his word — especially on such a crucial point .
What is the basis for his assertion ?
Does he have any objective evidence that the earphones used to measure AEPs completely cut off sounds from the external environment ?
Since Sabom does not back up this claim in Light and Death , I did a little research and discovered that his claim is indeed false .
According to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke , as a matter of procedure , a patient who is monitored by the very same equipment to detect acoustic neuromas ( benign brain tumors ) " sits in a soundproof room and wears headphones " ( NINDS ) .
But a soundproof room would be unnecessary , of course , if the earphones used to measure AEPs " occlude the ear canals and altogether eliminate the possibility of physical hearing . "
It is theoretically possible that the earphones used in 1991 made physical hearing impossible , whereas the earphones used today do not .
However , it highly unlikely , as it would be far cheaper for medical institutions to continue to invest in the imagined sound - eliminating earphones , rather than soundproofing entire rooms to eliminate external sounds .
As Gerald Woerlee points out , " earplugs do not totally exclude all external sounds , they only considerably reduce the intensity of external sounds , " as demonstrated by " enormous numbers of people ... listening to loud music played through earplugs , while at the same time able to hear and understand all that happens in their surroundings " ( Woerlee , " Pam " ) .
After being prepped for surgery , Pam 's head was secured by a clamp .
By 8:40 AM , her entire body was draped except for her head ( the site of the main procedure ) and her groin ( where blood vessels would be hooked up to the bypass machine to cool her blood ) .
In the five minutes or so to follow , Dr. Spetzler would open her scalp with a curved blade , fold back her scalp , then begin cutting into her skull with a Midas Rex bone saw ( 39 - 41 ) .
At this point , about an hour and a half after being anesthetized , Pam's OBE began ( 185 ) .
She reported being awakened by the sound of a natural D , then being " pulled " out of the top of her head by the sound ( 41 ) .
" But , " Sabom asks , " was Pam 's visual recollection from her out - of - body experience accurate ? " ( 186 ) .
That is indeed the question to ask regarding the veridicality of her report .
Pam reported that during her OBE , she was able to view the operating room from above the head surgeon 's shoulder , describing her out - of - body vision as " brighter and more focused and clearer than normal vision " ( 41 ) .
In her report of the experience , she offered three verifiable visual observations .
First , she said that " the way they had my head shaved was very peculiar .
I expected them to take all of the hair , but they did not . "
Second , she reported that the bone saw " looked like an electric toothbrush and it had a dent in it , a groove at the top where the saw appeared to go into the handle , but it did n't . "
Finally , she noted that " the saw had interchangeable blades ... in what looked like a socket wrench case " ( 41 ) .
Subsequently , she only reported auditory observations — hearing the bone saw " crank up " and " being used on something " — but most notably the operating room conversation initiated by Dr. Murray .
Given such vivid ' perceptual capabilities ' during her OBE , we would expect there to be no confusion about what Pam saw during the experience .
So her visual observations provide an interesting test of the notion that her soul left her body while under general anesthesia during normal body temperature .
Let us look at each of these in turn .
First , there is the observation that only part of her head was shaved .
Perhaps she could have guessed this at the time of her experience , but there is no need even for this in order to account for the reported observation .
Surely Pam would have noticed this soon after awaking from general anesthesia — by seeing her reflection , feeling her hair , or being asked about it by visitors .
And she certainly would have known about it , one way or the other , by the time she was released from the hospital .
Indeed , if her hair had been shaved presurgery , or at any time prior to her general anesthesia , she would have known about it well before her OBE .
And patients undergoing such a risky procedure are standardly given a consent briefing where even the cosmetic effects of surgery are outlined — if not explicitly in a doctor 's explanation , then at least incidentally in any photographs , diagrams , or other sources illustrating what the procedure entails .
So Pam may have learned ( to her surprise ) that her head would be only partially shaved in a consent briefing prior to her experience , but ' filed away ' and consciously forgot about this information given so many other more pressing concerns on her mind at the time .
That would be exactly the sort of mundane , subconscious fact we would expect a person to recall later during an altered state of consciousness . [ 21 ]
And although we are not given the exact date of the operation , Sabom reports that the procedure took place in August 1991 ( 38 ) .
He later tells us that he interviewed Pam for the first time on November 11 , 1994 ( 186 ) .
That leaves over three years between the date of Pam's NDE and Sabom 's interview — plenty of time for memory distortions to have played a role in her report of the experience .
So there is nothing remarkable about this particular observation .
Second , there is her description of the bone saw .
But the very observation that provides the greatest potential for supporting the notion that she actually left her body during her OBE actually tends to count against that hypothesis .
As Sabom recounts ,
Pam 's description of the bone saw having a " groove at the top where the saw appeared to go into the handle " was a bit puzzling ....
[ T ] he end of the bone saw has an overhanging edge that [ viewed sideways ] looks somewhat like a groove .
However , it was not located " where the saw appeared to go into the handle " but at the other end .
Why had this apparent discrepancy arisen in Pam 's description ?
Of course , the first explanation is that she did not " see " the saw at all , but was describing it from her own best guess of what it would look and sound like ( 187 ) .
Precisely !
Except that , of course , Pam did n't need to guess what the bone saw sounded like , since she probably heard it as anesthesia failed .
An out - of - body discrepancy within Pam's NDE prima facie implies the operation of normal perception and imagination within an altered state of consciousness .
Indeed , this explanation is so straightforward that Sabom considers it before all others .
And it is telling that the one visual observation that Pam ( almost ) could not have known about other than by leaving her body was the very detail that was not accurate .
Let us turn to the report of Pam 's final visual observation during her OBE , her comment that the bone saw used " interchangeable blades " placed inside something " like a socket wrench case . "
This detail was also accurate ; however , one need not invoke paranormal perceptual capabilities to explain it .
As Woerlee notes ,
[ S ] he knew no - one would use a large chain saw or industrial angle cutter to cut the bones of her skull open ....
Pneumatic dental drills with the same shapes , and making similar sounds as the pneumatic saw used to cut her skull open , were in common use during the late 1970s and 1980s .
Because she was born in 1956 , a generation whose members almost invariably have many fillings , Pam Reynolds almost certainly had fillings or other dental work , and would have been very familiar with the dental drills .
So the high frequency sound of the idling , air - driven motor of the pneumatic saw , together with the subsequent sensations of her skull being sawn open , would certainly have aroused imagery of apparatus similar to dental - drills in her mind when she finally recounted her remembered sensations .
There is another aspect to her remembered sensations —
Pam Reynolds may have seen , or heard of , these things before her operation .
All these things indicate how she could give a reasonable description of the pneumatic saw after awakening and recovering the ability to speak ( Woerlee , " Anaesthesiologist " 18 ) .
And , predictably enough , the dental drills in question also used interchangeable burs stored in their own socket - wrench - like cases .
During anesthesia awareness , and as far from standstill as a person under general anesthesia can be , Pam could have heard her surroundings , but not seen them , since her eyes were taped shut .
And the facts of her case strongly suggest that this is exactly what happened .
Information that she could have obtained by hearing was highly accurate ; at the same time , information that was unavailable to her through normal vision was the very information which was inaccurate .
More precisely , her visual descriptions were only partially accurate : accurate on details she could have plausibly guessed or easily learned about subsequent to her experience , and inaccurate on details that it would be difficult to guess correctly .
In other words , OBE imagery derived from hearing and background knowledge , perhaps coupled with the reconstruction of memory , fully accounts for the most interesting details of Pam Reynolds ' NDE report .
After awakening from inadequate anesthesia by the sound of the bone saw revving up , her mind generated a plausible image of what the bone saw used during her operation looked like , rendered from her prior knowledge of similar - sounding dental drills .
But her best guess about the appearance of the bone saw was inaccurate regarding the features of the bone saw that only true vision could discern : whether there was a true groove in the instrument , and where it was located .
Moreover , the fact that Pam's NDE began during an entirely nonthreatening physiological condition — under general anesthesia at normal body temperature — implies that there was no particular physiological trigger for the experience ( such as anoxia / hypoxia ) .
Rather , it appears that her NDE was entirely expectation - driven .
Before going into surgery , Pam was fully aware that she would be taken to the brink of death while in the standstill state .
Awakening from general anesthesia by the sound of the bone saw appears to have induced a fear response , which in turn caused Pam to dissociate and have a classic NDE .
Indeed , this makes sense of her otherwise odd report of being pulled out of the top of her head by the sound of the saw itself .
At least five separate studies ( Gabbard , Twemlow , and Jones ; Stevenson , Cook , and McClean - Rice ; Gabbard and Twemlow ; Serdahely , " Variations " ; Floyd ) have documented cases where fear alone triggered an NDE .
As Ian Stevenson , Emily Williams Cook ( now Emily Williams Kelly ) , and Nicholas McClean - Rice conclude , " an important precipitator of the ' near - death experience ' is the belief that one is dying — whether or not one is in fact close to death " ( Stevenson , Cook , and McClean - Rice 45 ) .
They go on to label those ( otherwise indistinguishable ) NDEs precipitated by fear of death alone " fear - death experiences " ( FDEs ) .
Physiologically , such NDEs might be mediated by a fight - or - flight response in the absence of an actual medical crisis .
In a case reported by Glen Gabbard and Stuart Twemlow , an NDEr dislodged the pin of a dummy grenade he thought to be a live one , producing a classic NDE similar to the one Pam experienced :
A marine sergeant was instructing a class of young recruits at boot camp .
He stood in front of a classroom holding a hand grenade as he explained the mechanism of pulling the pin to detonate the weapon .
After commenting on the considerable weight of the grenade , he thought it would be useful for each of the recruits to get a " hands - on " feeling for its actual mass .
As the grenade was passed from private to private , one 18 - year - old recruit nervously dropped the grenade as it was handed him .
Much to his horror , he watched the pin become dislodged as the grenade hit the ground .
He knew he only had seconds to act , but he stood frozen , paralyzed with fear .
The next thing he knew , he found himself traveling up through the top of his head toward the ceiling as the ground beneath him grew farther and farther away .
He effortlessly passed through the ceiling and found himself entering a tunnel with the sound of wind whistling through it .
As he approached the end of this lengthy tunnel , he encountered a light that shone with a special brilliance , the likes of which he had never seen before .
A figure beckoned to him from the light , and he felt a profound sense of love emanating from the figure .
His life flashed before his eyes in what seemed like a split - second .
In midst of this transcendent experience , he suddenly realized that grenade had not exploded .
He felt immediately " sucked " back into his body ( Gabbard and Twemlow 42 ) .
Gabbard and Twemlow conclude that " thinking one is about to die is sufficient to trigger the classical NDE " ( 42 ) .
After comparing experiences that occurred in nonthreatening conditions with those where subjects were actually close to death , they also concluded that no particular elements were " exclusive to near - death situations , " but " several features of the experiences were significantly more likely to occur when the individual felt that death was close at hand " [ emphasis mine ] ( 42 ) .
That expectation alone can trigger NDEs in certain individuals , then , is well - documented .
If Pam had truly been out of body and perceiving , both her auditory and visual sensations should 've been accurate ; but when it came to details that could not have been guessed or plausibly learned after the fact , only her auditory information was accurate .
Moreover , it is significant that as her narrative continues beyond the three visual observations outlined above , the remainder of her reported out - of - body perceptions are exclusively auditory .
Finally , it is interesting that Pam reports uncertainly about the identity of the voice she heard when her OBE began : " I believe it was a female voice and that it was Dr. Murray , but I 'm not sure " ( Sabom , " Light " 42 ) .
These facts strongly imply anesthesia awareness , and tend to count against the idea that Pam 's soul left her body during the operation .
If her soul had left her body , the fact that her account contains out - of - body discrepancies does n't make much sense .
But it makes perfect sense if she experienced anesthesia awareness , particularly when one looks at which sorts of information that she provided were accurate and which were not .
Pam Reynolds did not report anything that she could not have learned about through normal perception , and this is exactly what we would expect if normal perception alone was operating during her OBE .
It is little wonder that Fox concludes that " the jury is still very much out over this case " ( Fox 210 ) .
NDEs in the Blind ?
As Susan Blackmore reported in Dying to Live , as of 1993 , even Kenneth Ring conceded ( in his own words ) that there had n't been a single " case of a blind NDEr reported in the literature where there was clear - cut or documented evidence of accurate visual perception during an alleged OBE " ( Blackmore , " Dying " 133 ) .
But Blackmore 's unsuccessful search for such cases prompted Ring and a doctoral student , Sharon Cooper , to endeavor upon a search of their own .
The results of their search are published most prominently in their joint 1999 book Mindsight : Near - Death and Out - of - Body Experiences in the Blind .
There they document 31 cases of blind persons who had NDEs or OBEs , 10 of which were not medically close to death at the time of their experiences .
These cases were garnered from responses to an advertisement in the International Association for Near - Death Studies ( IANDS ) Newsletter Vital Signs , as well as from contacts in 11 different organizations for the blind .
Of the 31 persons in the sample , 14 were born blind , 11 lost their sight after they were five years old , and 6 were highly visually impaired .
25 of the 31 reported visual sensations during their experiences , as did 9 of the 14 persons blind from birth .
The most startling claim made in Mindsight is not simply that some blind NDErs testify to gaining knowledge of facts they could only have learned through a faculty like vision , but that relevant eyewitnesses can corroborate their testimony .
But is there actually strong evidence of veridical paranormal perception in Ring and Cooper 's sample of blind NDErs ?
One reason
Fox questions the significance of this study is that those known to acquire sight for the first time , or reacquire it after a very long time , have difficulty making sense of their visual sensations .
He notes the case of a 52 - year - man who , after receiving corneal grafts , could not visually identify a lathe that he was otherwise well - acquainted with — by touch — unless he was given the opportunity to touch it .
Continually frustrated at his inability to interpret his visual sensations , he eventually took his own life a full two years after the operation ( Fox 225 - 226 ) .
By contrast , Ring and Cooper 's blind NDErs are said to have " virtually immediately [ gained ] the ability to perceive accurately just such things as hospitals and streetlights with virtually no difficulty whatsoever " ( 226 ) .
While Ring and Cooper interpret this as evidence of a previously unknown sort of synesthetic perception ' transcending ' normal human vision ( 224 ) , Fox points out that more mundane sources — such as learning from mass media or NDE researchers that OBEs , tunnels , and lights are to be expected during near - death crises — might more satisfactorily explain the blind NDErs ' testimonies ( 239 ) .
Irwin notes similar possibilities :
[ These cases ] may be inspired by accounts of other people 's NDEs that have been widely disseminated in various forms of the media .
That is , might a blind person have heard that people see certain things in a near - death encounter and unconsciously generated a fantasy that conformed to this belief ?...
[ Blind NDErs might also ] learn about what to expect in an afterlife from diverse sociocultural sources , and they may rely extensively on these expectations in generating a near - death fantasy ....
Thus , the blind may commonly have a belief that they will suffer no visual affliction in an afterlife , and this belief may influence the content of NDEs in the blind ( Irwin , " Mindsight " 112 ) .
Fox adds that Ring and Cooper 's two most impressive cases are suspect as evidence for paranormal perception in the blind .
In one of these cases , for instance , though an NDEr was said to have superior perceptual capabilities — like " omnidirectional awareness " of the environment — her out - of - body ' perceptions ' were colorblind .
But surely , Fox interjects , " we should expect in such a situation to see in colour .
Indeed , we might reasonably expect to appreciate more , deeper and greater colour in such a condition , not less colour or none at all " ( Fox 232 ) .
In the other case , a 33 - year - old man reported an NDE when he was 8 - years - old .
But , Fox adds , one " might seriously question whether the testimony , twenty - five years after the event , of an episode that occurred to an 8 - year - old boy , should qualify as one of their two most impressive cases " ( 231 ) .
Most significantly , though , Fox notes the statistical improbability of NDE researchers finding any genuine cases of NDEs in the blind :
Further , the reader may wonder at the statistical improbability of some of the events that Ring and Cooper present .
NDEs seem quite rare , despite the recent publicity that has surrounded them .
In this context , for example , it is worth noting that a recent study organized by British theologian Paul Badham and neuroscientist Peter Fenwick , which attempted to gain empirical support for the hypothesis that something leaves the body during an NDE , foundered because of a paucity of cases in the hospital chosen for the study .
To find NDEs in the blind , therefore , would seem to be an incredibly difficult task .
That Ring and Cooper found twenty - one such cases [ 31 if you include OBEs not near death ] is an extraordinary achievement .
That one of their two best cases [ the colorblind one ] was referred by the same social worker [ Kimberly Clark ] as was involved in the celebrated ' tennis shoe ' case , and indeed came from the same hospital , seems most striking — and incredibly statistically improbable ( Fox 232 ) .
But Fox 's analysis does not end here .
What of the alleged cases of veridical paranormal perceptions in these blind NDErs ?
While Ring and Cooper recognize the need for corroboration from others of the events NDErs report , and indeed present cases claiming exactly that , Fox notes that " a critical reading of the quality of the data presented reveals the need for caution in accepting them unreservedly " ( 232 ) .
He points out , for instance , that in one case passed on to Ring and Cooper by another NDE researcher , no one appears to have ever followed - up with potential witnesses ( 232 ) .
In another seemingly impressive case , a man who had been blind for 10 years reported an OBE after laying down on a couch where he could see a tie that he was wearing purchased for him by a friend who had never described it to him .
The NDEr reported how amazed his friend was when he accurately described the patterns on the tie to her ( 233 ) .
But upon interviewing the friend , Ring and Cooper found that she could not really corroborate his recollection :
Although Ring and Cooper present this as a ' corroborative ' case of sight during a blind respondent 's out - of - body experience , it is clear that it is not .
The witness does not remember clearly the events or the tie .
She thus cannot corroborate the detail of the episode in question , but merely presents a testimony to Frank 's apparent truthfulness and simply thinks that he was ' probably accurate ' in the details given ....
Once again , therefore , we must exercise care with the quality of the data presented ....
More cautious commentators may be forgiven for suggesting that much stronger data are needed before they agree that existing scientific paradigms need to be hauled down and news ones erected ( Fox 234 ) .
Thus Blackmore 's conclusion about paranormal perception during NDEs ( including NDEs in the blind ) prior to Ring and Cooper 's study is just as poignant today as it was over a decade ago :
I think it would not be surprising if there were many claims of paranormal perception in NDEs even if it never happened .
It is my impression that it probably never does happen .... [ F ] or the moment at least , these claims present no real challenge to a scientific account of the NDE ( Blackmore , " Dying " 134-135 ) .
NDE Target Identification Experiments
The cutting edge of near - death research lies in controlled tests of veridical paranormal perception during the out - of - body phase of those NDEs that include OBEs .
The detection of remote visual targets during out - of - body NDEs has the potential to provide decisive evidence of consciousness functioning independently of the body , conceivably answering the survival question once and for all .
Alternatively , if NDErs are given ample opportunities to identify remote visual targets during their experiences yet fail to do so , veridicality studies offer the prospect of confirming the hallucinatory nature of these experiences .
Given the importance of such experiments in either establishing or falsifying veridical paranormal perception during NDEs , it would seem remiss to conclude this section without a survey of the results of NDE veridicality research conducted to date .
Thus far there have been five separate studies in which remote visual targets were placed in presumably NDE - conducive hospital environments .
Although earlier experiments with OBEs induced at will have failed to provide compelling evidence of any paranormal processes operating during induced OBEs ( see Alvarado 199-200 and especially Blackmore , " Beyond " 189-199 & 213-224 for a survey of the results of these experiments ) , one might anticipate a greater likelihood of paranormal activity during spontaneous out - of - body NDEs .
The first NDE target identification experiment was carried out in the mid-1980s by Janice Minor Holden in the emergency room ( ER ) , each room of the coronary care unit ( CCU ) , and each room of the intensive care unit ( ICU ) at Lutheran General Hospital in Park Ridge , Illinois ( Holden and Joesten 46 ) .
As Holden and Leroy Joesten report , visual targets were placed
in the corners of hospital rooms in which near - death episodes were most likely to occur .... in such a way as to be visible only from a vantage point of looking down from the ceiling .
No living person was to know the exact content of the stimuli , thus rendering the design double - blind .
Once the patient was resuscitated from a near - death episode in one of the " marked " rooms , knowledge of the content of the visual stimulus would be assessed ( Holden and Joesten 46 ) .
The authors go on to explain what would constitute a positive result in their study : " If [ out - of - body NDErs ] accurately identified card content with significantly greater frequency than other NDErs and non NDErs ... the hypothesis that [ out - of - body NDErs ] have veridical perception ... would be supported " ( Holden and Joesten 48 ) .
Unfortunately , however , in the entire year of the study , only 1 cardiac resuscitation occurred in the hospital areas covered by the study , to an Armenian immigrant with poor English who declined to give an interview about his resuscitation .
At the same time , at least one NDE occurred in a hospital area not covered by the study ( Holden and Joesten 51 ) .
With no experiences to test , inevitably no positive results were reported .
A second experiment was conducted by Madelaine Lawrence at Hartford Hospital , Connecticut until early November 1994 , when Lawrence was Director of Nursing Education and Research .
A scrolling LED display placed in the cardiac electrophysiology lab — though occasionally turned off — was up and running for a total of about 6 months ( M. Lawrence , personal communication , August 7 , 2006 ) .
Lawrence reports :
I placed an electronic sign high on a cabinet in the room [ of the electrophysiology lab ] , not visible to anyone standing on the floor .
In order to read the sign a person needed to use a ladder or be out of his body .
It contained a nonsense statement like , " The popsicles are in bloom , " and I changed it randomly .
It was nonsense so that no one could say he overheard a conversation about the words on the sign .
All subjects who became unconscious during the EP [ electrophysiology ] studies were interviewed and asked to describe their experiences .
We were hoping they had had an NDE and had read the sign ( Lawrence 158-159 ) .
Unfortunately , although " three patients reported the early stages of an out - of - body experience , " no one had an OBE extensive enough to see the sign ( 159 ) .
So the results of this study , too , can only be considered negative .
A third experiment was set up in " the medical , emergency , and coronary care units of Southampton General Hospital " in the United Kingdom by Sam Parnia from August 1997 to August 1998 ( Parnia et al .
150 ; S. Parnia , personal communication , August 3 , 2006 ) .
For one year " boards were suspended from the ceiling of the wards .... [ with ] various figures on the surface facing the ceiling which were not visible from the floor " ( Parnia et al. 151 ) .
Of the 63 cardiac arrest survivors interviewed during that time , 7 had some recall of the period after they lost consciousness .
Of these 7 , 4 had NDEs as defined by the Greyson NDE Scale , 2 had NDE - like memories ( e.g. , feelings of peace or seeing deceased relatives ) , and 1 had memories unlike NDEs ( e.g. , seeing " some unknown people jumping off a mountain " ) .
Though two of the four NDErs " lost awareness of their bodies , " none of them had full - blown OBEs ( 151-153 ) .
Under the supervision of neuropsychiatrist Peter Fenwick and Religious Experience Research Centre ( RERC ) Director Paul Badham , Penny Sartori conducted a fourth target identification experiment , also in the United Kingdom , at Morriston Hospital , Swansea from January 1998 to January 2003 ( Sartori 34 ) .
As Sartori explains :
At each patient 's bedside in ITU [ the intensive therapy unit ] , mounted on the wall , is a cardiac monitor .
Symbols which were mounted on brightly coloured day glow paper to attract attention were placed on the top of each monitor .
These symbols were above head height and concealed behind ridges to prevent them being viewed from a standing position , thus ensuring they could only be viewed from an out - of - body perspective ( Sartori 35 ) .
Sartori adds that the symbols were inconspicuously changed every two months and covered by a card removed away from her sight , " ensuring that not even the author knew which symbol was on which monitor " ( 35 ) .
Though all ITU patients were interviewed in the first year of the study , for logistical reasons interviews in the remaining four years were limited to cardiac arrest survivors , those who came so close to death that their survival was unexpected , and spontaneous OBErs and NDErs ( 36 ) .
Consistent with van Lommel and colleagues ' findings , about 18 % of the cardiac arrest survivors reported NDEs ; about 5 % of them reported OBEs ( 37-38 ) .
In the entirety of Sartori's 5 - year study , 15 patients reported NDEs or NDE - like experiences , and 8 OBEs were reported ( 37-38 ) .
Nevertheless , Sartori reports , this study also yielded negative results , as " not all of the patients rose high enough out of their bodies and some reported viewing the situation from a position opposite to where the symbols were situated " ( Sartori 38 ) .
The fifth and most recent veridicality study was conducted by Bruce Greyson , Janice Minor Holden , and J. Paul Mounsey at the University of Virginia Health System Electrophysiology Clinic from January 2004 to July 2006 in order to demonstrate that " patients during cardiac arrest have perceptions that they could not have had normally from the position of their bodies , " as this would provide profound " evidence for the independent functioning of the mind while the brain was physiologically impaired " ( Greyson , Holden , and Mounsey 93 ) .
Following Lawrence 's precedent , the University of Virginia study was premised on cardioversion , the controlled administration of an electric shock to the heart to restore normal heart rhythm .
But whereas only about 30 % of Lawrence 's electrophysiology patients required cardioversion in order to restore a normal heart rhythm ( of which 9 % reported NDEs ) ( Lawrence 158 ) , all 25 of the University of Virginia patients experienced at least two episodes of induced cardiac arrest in order to test implantable cardioverters / defibrillators ( ICDs ) ( Greyson , Holden , and Mounsey 90 ) .
During the two - and - a - half - year period of the study , a ceiling - facing laptop computer visible only from a perspective far above eye level was opened and laid flat on top of a cabinet or video monitor before patients entered the procedure room for ICD implantation and testing .
The laptop generated clear and simple but unpredictable cartoon animations ( e.g. , a jumping frog ) of varying colors quasi- randomly selected by the computer based on when it was turned on and unknown to any living person prior to the completion of the study ( 88 - 89 ) .
Although 5 patients ( 20 % of the sample ) acknowledged some recall of events while unconscious — such as a sense of timelessness , feelings of peace , vaguely being somewhere unfamiliar , and possibly sensing the presence of a deceased relative — no NDEs were reported , and thus no out - of - body NDEs were available to test ( 91-92 ) .
Given that controlled studies of veridical paranormal perception during NDEs have only been attempted intermittently and on a small scale , it is imperative that further target identification experiments are simultaneously carried out at multiple hospitals over a period of several years . [ 22 ]
For , as Sartori notes ,
If hundreds of patients report an OBE there is a greater potential for the symbols being viewed .
Equally , if hundreds of patients report an OBE but none correctly identify the symbols then it could lead to the conclusion that the OBE is a mind model ( Sartori 39 ) .
In a related but hardly surprising development , similar long - term multicenter research has already established that distant prayer ( i.e. , prayer unknown to the prayed - for ) has absolutely no effect on the health of hospitalized patients ( Benson et al. 934 ) .
If past experience is any guide at all , NDE veridicality research is no more likely to overthrow our current scientific understanding of humanity 's place in the universe .
In the meantime , at any rate , existing veridicality research presents no challenge to the current scientific understanding of near - death experiences as hallucinations .
Psychophysiological Correlates
In order to assess the viability of particular psychophysiological models of OBEs and NDEs , it is essential to survey the data collected on those who have undergone such experiences .
As will become evident shortly , taken as a whole such studies strongly imply that whatever these experiences are , they are characterized by features that one would expect of internally generated fantasies , but not of any putative " disembodied existence . "
Few dispute that OBEs and NDEs are altered states of consciousness ( ASCs ) — temporary departures from the normal ( alert ) waking state .
During ASCs , a variety of mental faculties appear to be altered , including arousal , attention , perceptual functions , imagery skills , memory , cognition , and sense of identity .
Other ASCs include REM dreaming , hypnagogic and hypnopompic dreams ( when falling asleep or waking up , respectively ) , lucid dreams ( where the dreamer is aware that he is dreaming ) , hypnosis , meditation , religious and mystical experiences , experiences during prolonged sensory deprivation , states induced by psychoactive drugs , and drug or posttraumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) flashbacks .
Sometimes ASCs follow a period of unconsciousness , but they are often triggered during normal consciousness .
ASCs are typically understood to involve turning one 's attention inward , into the contents of one 's own mind , rather than revealing anything about the external world .
For example , dreams are ASCs that are typically understood to call up internally generated imagery ; that is , the world encountered during dreaming is not typically taken to involve any real terrain .
Similarly , to say that alien abduction experiences involve ASCs ( e.g. , sleep paralysis ) is to imply that such experiences do not really involve extraterrestrials physically kidnapping unlucky human subjects .
Thus , insofar as OBEs and NDEs are such altered states , there is already a reasonable presumption that they do not reflect any objective existence outside of the normal physical body .
But let us turn to the specific psychological traits of those who have OBEs and NDEs — traits which strongly imply that some psychophysiological model of OBEs and NDEs must be correct .
For instance , statistically significant correlations between dissociation and absorption and both OBEs and NDEs have been discovered .
Dissociation is the shutting out of sensory stimuli , while absorption is focusing on the imagination — but they tend to go hand - in - hand ( Greyson , " Near - Death " 323 ) .
The classic example of dissociation is " highway hypnosis , " daydreaming or consciously focusing on anything other than driving and yet still arriving at your destination , evidently subconsciously engaging in the required driving skills .
Nonpathological dissociation exists on a continuum best measured by absorption , the capacity to become highly engrossed in the imagination , including through books or movies ( Blackmore 35 ; Irwin , " Disembodied " 263 ) .
Across studies , dissociation has been consistently positively correlated with OBEs , and a moderate correlation between absorption and OBEs has been uncovered ( Alvarado 192-193 ) .
OBErs most frequently dissociate from bodily sensations , and those who experience multiple OBEs are particularly prone to such somatoform dissociation ( Irwin , " Disembodied " 271 ) .
Irwin found that NDErs were more likely to have suffered childhood trauma than non-NDErs , and consequently theorized that NDErs are predisposed to dissociate during unexpected highly stressful situations in order to " escape " from the pain or anxiety of their environments ( Irwin , " Dissociative " 99 ) .
Similarly , Kenneth Ring and Christopher Rosing found that NDErs have significantly greater dissociative tendencies than non-NDErs , and suggested that childhood trauma makes victims more prone to dissociation and thus NDEs ( Ring and Rosing 211 ) .
In multiple studies , OBErs have been found to have a higher capacity for absorption ( Irwin , " Flight " 287 ; Glicksohn 679 ; Myers et al. 138 ) and a greater need for absorbing experiences ( Irwin , " Flight " 303 ; Irwin , " Domain " 6 ) than non-OBErs .
Moreover , Irwin discovered that highly absorbed people can artificially induce OBEs more easily than people who are not particularly absorbed ( Irwin , " Disembodied " 263 ) .
Similarly , NDErs have not only been found to have a higher capacity for absorption than non-NDErs ( Twemlow and Gabbard 230 ) , but to have higher levels of absorption the ' deeper ' their NDEs ( Council , Greyson , and Huff ) .
Interestingly , Stuart Twemlow and Glen Gabbard also found that NDErs were more absorbed than those who had OBEs in non-life - threatening conditions ( Twemlow and Gabbard 230 ) .
This is not surprising given that NDEs are typically more elaborate than OBEs in other contexts .
Other studies have found that fantasy proneness is higher among OBErs than non-OBErs ( Alvarado and Zingrone 14 ; Hunt et al .
1145 ; Myers et al .
138 ; Wilson and Barber 372 ) , and that NDErs were not only more fantasy prone than non-NDErs ( Twemlow and Gabbard 230 ) , but more highly fantasy prone the deeper their NDEs ( Council , Greyson , and Huff ) .
Fantasy proneness is " characterized by a strong investment in fantasy life , vivid hallucinatory ability , intense sensory experience , and excellent eidetic [ vivid visual ] memory " ( Greyson , " Near - Death " 324 ) .
Finally , compared to non-OBErs , OBErs tend to have more hallucinatory experiences ( McCreery and Claridge , " Personality " 140 ) , perceptual distortions ( McCreery and Claridge , " Hallucination " 743 ) , distortions of body image ( Murray and Fox 70 ) , illusory experiences of changes in body size , and floating sensations ( Blackmore , " Postal " 235 ) .
Overall , the best predictors of OBEs are dissociation , hypnotic susceptibility , absorption , and fantasy proneness ( Alvarado 193-194 ) .
Although Ring and Rosing view dissociative tendencies as a psychological defense mechanism to " tune out " physical threats to one 's well - being while simultaneously opening a door to " alternate realities " ( Ring and Rosing 217 - 218 , 231 ) , their hypothetical status as a defense mechanism makes much more sense if OBEs and NDEs do not literally involve any form of disembodiment .
For instance , both OBErs and NDErs tend to have high rates of absorption — a trait which Irwin notes " might usefully be thought of as a capacity for imaginative involvement " ( Irwin , " Disembodied " 263 ) .
But whether it is indicative of a predisposition to have OBEs and NDEs or simply a consequence of having them , such a correlation makes little sense if something actually leaves the body during such experiences .
For why would psychological mechanisms — as opposed to physiological crises alone — trigger the release of the soul ?
Conversely , why would literal separation from the body make individuals more prone to fantasize ?
Similarly , why should fear alone trigger NDEs , or the sudden onset of fear during OBEs terminate such experiences ( Irwin , " Flight " 81 ) , unless their origins are entirely psychophysiological ?
As Irwin notes :
The sight of the physical body from the outside may terminate the experience , ... because of the emotional response ( fear , contempt , revulsion ) this sight evokes , but also perhaps because attention is diverted back to the body .
Another factor commonly bringing an end to the OBE is the physical body 's being touched by someone ( Irwin , " Introduction " 222 ) .
Irwin adds that the fact that the vast majority of OBEs are preceded by physical inactivity implies " that a lack of somatic ( kinesthetic and proprioceptive ) stimulation is an important condition for the OBE " ( 227 ) .
A psychophysiological process makes sense of why some OBEs originate and end due to emotional reactions or the attention given to bodily processes .
But if something literally detaches from the body during OBEs , prima facie psychological factors should neither trigger its release nor hasten its return .
More troubling still for the notion that something leaves the body are various correlations between imagery skills and OBEs . [ 23 ]
Compared to non-OBErs , for instance , Blackmore found that OBErs " are better at detecting the viewpoint from which a three - dimensional object is seen and are better able to switch viewpoints in their imagination " ( Blackmore , " Dying " 180 ) , while Anne Cook and Irwin found that OBErs more accurately anticipated the appearance of physical objects when viewed from different perspectives ( Cook and Irwin 30 ) .
In addition , Blackmore 's OBErs not only reported " clearer and more detailed " imagined viewpoints than her non-OBErs , but were most significantly better than her non-OBErs at " the ability to imagine the room from a position on the ceiling above their own head " ( Blackmore , " Where " 61 ) .
Moreover , those who habitually dream in a bird 's - eye view or see themselves during their dreams are more likely to have OBEs ( Blackmore , " Where " 61 ; Irwin , " Perceptual " 214 ) .
Furthermore , those who can induce OBEs at will have better dream control skills than spontaneous OBErs — a fact anticipated by psychophysiological models given that OBE adepts would be expected to have " mastered " the required psychological abilities compared to " novice " spontaneous OBErs ( Alvarado 202 ) .
Similarly , Irwin found that OBErs who report more control over their OBEs tend to have better somatic imagery skills than more " passive " OBErs ( Irwin , " Flight " 272-273 ) .
Blackmore nicely summarizes most of the findings :
OBErs are better than others at switching from one viewpoint to another ( especially to the viewpoint above the head ) , [ are ] more proficient at producing clear and detailed images from different viewpoints , and tend to use the observer viewpoint in dream recall ....
[ T ]he easiest switch is to a viewpoint above the head , and ... an observer viewpoint is more often used in recalling unpleasant dreams ( Blackmore , " Where " 64 ) .
Blackmore interprets the greater prevalence of a bird 's - eye view in OBErs ' unpleasant dreams as " support for the idea that perspective is used as an escape from unpleasant situations " ( 64 ) among those better at switching perspective , particularly during " cases of severe pain , shock or fear [ where ] there is a strong incentive to dissociate oneself from the source of the pain " ( 57 ) .
Additional support comes from Twemlow and Gabbard 's finding that among NDErs , those in severe pain immediately prior to their NDEs felt more detached from their bodies , were more likely to ' see ' their bodies from afar , and were more likely to ' occupy ' the environment surrounding their bodies ( Twemlow and Gabbard 230 ) .
That various medical factors affect the content of NDEs is equally difficult to reconcile with the notion that NDEs are transcendental journeys .
Studies of medical influences on NDE content have found that cardiac arrest NDEs are more likel
A Lightweight “ Migrations ” System for CouchDB
As I ’ve mentioned before , I ’m working on a Rails project where we ’ve dropped ActiveRecord in favor of a CouchDB database .
One thing I miss from ActiveRecord , though , is the ability to do migrations .
While SQL migrations in their most conventional use — to modify the schema of our database — are of course not needed in schemaless CouchDB databases , there is still sometimes a need to have a block of code which runs exactly once on every installation of our codebase .
For example , we might have a key in our documents which becomes so important that we want to break its values off into new documents , or vice versa , we might have a bunch of documents which should all get combined into attributes of one master document .
What we are n’t doing
The correct way to solve this problem , some people argue , is to simply put some smarts into our model and support versioning there :
1 class MyClass < CouchRestRails :: Document 2 attribute : version 3 4 def stuff 5 if self.version && self.version >= 2 6 Stuff.by_parent_id( : key => this .id) 7 else 8 self [ " stuff " ] 9 end 10 end 11 end
No thanks
But that seems like a lot of work to maintain .
If our system had millions of models in it and converting them was expensive , we might have no choice but to do it , but I ’d rather just convert all existing models to our new schema ( or , rather , our new but still schemaless way of being ) and write all our code to use the updated way of thinking .
So , I designed a simple , lightweight “ migrations ” system .
It lives entirely in Rake and is only a couple dozen line of code .
Here it is , in its entirety :
1 desc " Perform unperformed CouchDB migrations " 2 task : migrate => : environment do 3 schema = begin 4 CouchRestRails :: Document.get ( " migration - list " ) 5 rescue RestClient :: ResourceNotFound 6 CouchRestRails ::Document.new ( : _id => " migration - list " ) 7 end 8 9 migrations =
Rake :: Task.tasks.select{ |t| t.name =~ / ^migrations : / } 10 11 begin 12 migrations.sort{|a , b| a.name < => b.name}.each do |migration| 13 unless schema[ migration.to_s ] 14 puts 15 puts " == running #{ migration .
to_s} " 16 17 migration.invoke 18 19 schema[ migration.to_s ] = true 20 end 21 end 22 ensure 23 schema.save 24 end 25 end
Download the code and stick it in lib / tasks / migrator .rake .
Then , create a new file , lib / tasks / migrations .rake , and create some tasks in the : migrations namespace .
Here ’s an example file you can modify to suit your needs .
If you end up with a lot of migrations , you can of course split them among several files .
Any un-run migrations will be run in lexical order , so you can prefix your tasks with consecutive integers as shown in the example , with timestamps , or with whatever else makes you happy , as long as you are consistent within any one project .
Then , doing rake migrate will run any migrations which have not yet been run against your database .
This system has its limitations of course : among them is the need to stick everything in rake , possibly causing slowness if you end up with too many migrations .
But as a lightweight , judiciously used replacement for ActiveRecord migrations , I find that it is sufficient for our needs .
This was posted 10 years ago .
It has 1 note .
Gel1 ….. I 've been here 6 months , mostly watching and learning .
Lots of smart people on the site and I 've learned a lot from Phil and many others .
//// Inflan -
I have to trump your sentiments regarding the wisdom of the board .
I have to thank Phil and the many contruibutors for a 80 % profit for 2009 .
I have learned a lot and am still learning ( even occasionally about political issues - ha ! ) Iflantheman & Gel1
Thanks ,
Phil !!!
I just crushed today with it with silver ( SLV ) calls today , thanks to your persistent reminders of how ridiculously cheap it has become , and watching my TSLA this week $ 240 puts dissolve into chump change added an extra note of amusement .
Zeroxzero
Started my membership in mid-Oct and have since then learned so much about options by reading the site 's articles and postings , members ' chats and suggested trades – as a bonus , the articles are entertaining as well !
Phil 's long - term investing strategy makes really good sense as I 've seen its effect on my GLW positions .
Phil – thanks for sharing your knowledge of the market !
I 've worked as risk analyst for the investment dept of a $ 19B insurance company , and the scope and depth of your daily commentaries blows away what I have seen and heard from the PMs and even the chief investment officer !
Most of all , I will continue to be a member because you have your priorities right ( from my POV ) – it 's not all about money and power .
Bai2r
Thanks , after years of blood and blunders , I have reached a significant milestone – I do n't lose money .
Net net , I rarely have a losing week , market up , market down .
And that I owe to you .
Balanced positions .
More premium sold than bought .
Fundamental criteria applied to good companies , not momentum / news headlines / stock du jour / triangle squeezies .
But rather earnings , P/E , dividends , competitive position — the boring stuff that takes study , thought , …. and patience .
You have been a great teacher , and I have embarassed myself repeatedly day with how slowly I learn .
And it 's a funny thing – if you do n't lose , the gains start to pile up .
The arithmetic is cruel to the downside , and becomes a gift in the other direction .
And I 'm in this for the long run , having made myself unemployable through a need for diversification .
Moreover , what I 've learned here has also elided into other areas , including real estate and ex-U.S. investment .
Pretty cool .
Have a great weekend .
Zeroxzero
Hi Phil ,
Thanks for the free disaster hedge ideas .
I implemented variations of two of them on SDS bull call spreads and EEM bear put spreads ( have n't done the TZA yet ) and they really hedged my short term longs nicely today .
Makes it seem a lot less like gambling .
You are the man ( of the people ) !
Howard Roake
Its been a " perfect " month .
Every stock I wrote calls against looks like it will be called away next week , every put I wrote will expire worthless .
Thanks Phil , now I need some new buy / write candidates , or the new 100 K portfolio… .
Barfinger
Phil - I am a former portfolio manager and now retired .
I have been following you for about six months and I now know why you have so many followers you are very insightful and knowledgeable .
Mkozberg
WOW !!!!!!!!!!!!
How will I ever do anything else in my life that will compare to the wild ride you get trading an ultra etf in the most volatile sector in the stock market the day before option expiration ?
Matt1966
Way back did 20 of your suggested short BP Jan 11 26 P @ 4.3 now .85 — sold half .
this am — paid for a years sub AGain !!
thank you very much !
Ban2
Phil -
I 'm with you just little bit longer than a month and you can not imagine how happy I am now , and not just because my P/L improved ( and I 'm sure that it will be even better ) , but I found that the worst thing in trader 's carrier is a LONELINESS .
Here I found so many bright good guys , I looked for this service for years .
THANK YOU AND TAKE GOOD CARE OF YOURSELF BECAUSE I PLAN TO STAY HERE AND RIDE THIS CREASY MARKET WITH YOU FOR ANOTHER 20-30 YEARS Tchayipov
Being on this board is better than successfully completing the Times crossword .
Phil 's panoply of comments manage to excite , illuminate , frustrate , exasperate , confuse , enlighten , outrage , invigorate and stupefy ( and that 's par for the morning session only ! ) .
But goddammit , it 's addictive , informative and when it all goes right extremely profitable .
Winston
PSW AC Conf :
For those who may be on the bubble , I attended my first PSW LV in November .
It was a real eye - opener .
What I accomplished in a couple of days of exposure to Phil , Pharm , Craig , et al made my previous couple of years of hanging around the web site seem silly .
If you are inclined in the slightest , you really should go .
Just rubbing shoulders with other PSW members proved to be really valuable .
Strictly on the basis of value , it 's a great deal .
You will have real time conversations with Phil and the gang and they will get to your questions and agenda items .
Mjjwo9b
Hey Phil --
I want to thank you every chance I get for helping me to grow my previous portfolio to being profitable enough to pay off some debts my family had and left me with $ 1,000 left to use in the markets .
You should know that your premium membership is amazing on many levels ,
You and your readers offer a ton of economic and statistical analysis that I was able to use in my clerical level job in finance .
It 's a shame that someone as talented and honest as you is not on television each night providing a true service to the investing public and not the clowns and hucksters that are talking up their books to dump on retail investors .
Sorry for the long post .
I had to say something to you that I never thought I would have the opportunity to .
You helped put my family in an almost debt - free life through the stock and option plays that I made during my time as a customer of your service and that has made us very happy .
You are a good man and I wish you and your family many years of joy and happiness .
I wish I could do ads for you !
DaveJ
Phil -
It is nice being more discipline with my trading .
Generally , I am out earlier than most , but my results , overall , are much better than they were when I was trying to squeeze 80 cups of lemonade out of one lemon !
On the other side , I am learning the value of rolling and turning losses into non-losses or small gains .
I so appreciate the time you have spent with me and others who have benefited greatly from your knowledge .
Thank you !
Dclark41
Well that was a fun day .
Cashed out my GS 140 calls for about 35 % profit and my AAPL calls for 38 % gain .
Not bad for 40 minutes of work .
Back to 85 % cash .
Singapore Steve
Phil - Moved today to send kudos .
You 're in my top 5 to see / read daily .
I do not trade ... but as former econ-finance adjunct faculty near Stanford U. I give you lots of attaboys .... and provide your links to many to spread some understanding of the mess we are in .
Best to you and yours , HJ Kobbeman
I enjoy your informative materials , Phil ... as it is obviously beneficial to so many " styles " of trading the markets ... long term , swing or day trading the market moves .
As a longer term trader , I really like you long term calls , as I for one recognize the difficulty of calling these , because the further out you go in time , projecting price movement becomes more difficult .
I have to congratulate you for your accuracy ...
You called the March 2009 market upward reversal almost to the day , and the AAPL reversal to THE day .
Only one who has been a student of the economy and the markets over a period of time could have done this , and so many other accurate calls .
I 'm sure it was difficult and consistent work , but it did pay off ... thanks from one who benefited big time !
1234Gel
Thanks to Phil ( again ) for the lessons on the art of the roll , selling premium and hanging tight under fire ( particularly in the first hour of trading - MADNESS ) .
Watching you manage the $ 25 KP has really helped my trading in a big way .
Oknoman
New member / 1st time posting : Thanks Phil and Pharm for the rec on TOS .
I 've emailed Scott to get myself setup so I hope to hear back soon .
As a newbie on PSW for a month now , I 've been readin ' and readin ' and readin ' .
Gonna start paper - trading for a while .
See how I do before putting a single dime into it .
New at options but seems like this is the best training and educational platform out there .
I 'm a long - time mortgage broker who got too involved with real estate investing .
LOVED your article , Phil , on mortgage interest scams .
Right on !!
Let me know if and how I can contribute back to the community here .
Cheers ! - Mark Mark
I am about 1000 hours into learning about investing .
While , I have tried other websites along the way , they do n't teach or focus on selling premiums and certainly do n't have your mindset .
Anyway , I have a lot to learn and look forward to the new portfolios .
So , thank ALL of you for being patient and teaching others how to " Be the House and not the Gambler " !
GrassHopper67
What a great post today , Phil .
A veritable feast of ideas !
I 've been reading your posts for years and have modeled my whole trading style after yours .
You should be taking 2 and 20 off of me at this point ????
Jablams
Newer member here , but just wanted to say thank you too .
I 've learned so much and I hope you 'll be around for a long time helping us learn along the way .
Where
Phil - I caught the interview …. terrific !.
Your host recommended that the viewers should " go to your site , as you will be entertained " .
That is for sure if you consider entertainment is laughing while you read , learn and make unbelievable leveraged profits that you never thought were possible .
That is my kind of entertainment !
Gel1
Phil / I hope the next 5 year bear market will be as much fun and as profitable as this 5 year bull market .
For those who survived 2008 / 2009 , and who imbibed the wisdom of PSW , what a time it has been .
Good to have you by my side .
I think you are selling yourself short – you need to triple your prices :)
Winston
I want to thank you for sharing your wisdom with us .
I 've learned a lot ( and still am ) about your trading strategy , but also I see a man who truly cares about our country , America .
Thank you .
Autolander
Oil – thanks Phil , got in late at 0.53 on the 38 p today , set a sell for 0.75 and took the dog for a walk – 70 % gain and more than enough $ $ to buy dog food .
TZA Aug 35/40 BCS – closed out for a 100 % gain in under a month – thanks again for introducing me to these trades .
CanuckBob
WOW , look at DRYS go .
Nice call on the entry the other week Phil .
I got 200 at $ 6.66 and sold a 7.5 call for $.50 , then on the tear today sold another 7.5 call for $ 1 .
This should puts me in at an average of $ 5.91 and called away at $ 7.5 for a profit of $ 300 + after commisions .
Once again another Phil trade pays for this months membership .
Craigzooka
Looking over your main themes last week , the " China may fall first " and " if you missed it previously , Thurs am gives you a second chance to short " were absolutely on target .
I had to rely on stop - losses because of my schedule but just those two calls could have been worth a small fortune .
Keep it up and I look forward to your new portfolio .
Ocelli
Phil , I do n't know how I can thank you enough for your guidance this past week .
I 'm up significantly in my portfolio and I 've never been so relaxed watching the market panic .
Thanks once again for being here for us .
thechaser
For nearly 20 years , a government laboratory built a living , respiring library of carefully collected organisms in search of something that could grow quickly while producing something precious : oil .
But now that collection has largely been lost .
National Renewable Energy Laboratory scientists found and isolated around 3,000 species algae from construction ditches , seasonal desert ponds and briny mashes across the country in a major bioprospecting effort to find the best organisms to convert sunlight and carbon dioxide into fuel for cars .
Despite meager funding , the Aquatic Species Program ( .pdf ) , initiated under President Jimmy Carter , laid the scientific foundation for making diesel - like fuel from the fat that microscopic algae accumulate in their cells .
Fifty - one varieties were carefully characterized as potential high - value strains , but fewer than half of those remain .
" Just when they started to succeed is when the plug got pulled , " said phycologist Jeff Johansen of John Carroll University , who collected algal strains for the program in the 1980s .
" We were growing them in ponds and we were going to grow enough to have them made into a diesel fuel . "
The program was part of the huge investment that Jimmy Carter made into alternative energy in the late 1970s .
All kinds of research avenues were explored , but when the funding shriveled during later years , knowledge , experts and know - how were lost .
The setback highlights the problems created by inconsistent funding for energy research .
Now , President Obama has trumpeted the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , also known as the stimulus package , as the largest increase in scientific research funding in history .
Scientists roundly applauded the billions of dollars that went into energy research , development and deployment .
But what about when the stimulus money runs out in two years ?
" One caution is that much of this has been funded with the stimulus package , " said Ernie Moniz at a Google - hosted panel on energy in late November .
" So , we 're going to have to see what happens after these next two years , because what we need is not a drop , but a further increase in R&D commensurate with the task at hand . "
And that 's exactly what did n't happen in the last big energy R&D push .
From organism to oil — — — — — —
–
Turning pond scum into oil is n't easy , but as a hypothetical energy system , it 's elegant .
The theory is that algae will produce more burnable fuel on less land than regular crops , perhaps something like a thousand gallons of oil per acre instead of a few dozen from conventional plants .
The food - versus - fuel debates that plague biofuels like corn- based ethanol would disappear .
Plus , it 's possible the algae could be engineered to make high - energy fuels suitable even for airplanes .
It 's these possibilities that sold the Carter administration 's energy officials .
Phycologists , the people who study algae , discovered that under certain circumstances , some algae start cranking out far more oil than normal .
Restrict their nutrients , and for some reason they start producing lots of oil .
But they also stop growing .
If the scientists could keep the algae multiplying and pull the " lipid trigger " anyway , they 'd be in fat city .
But their understanding of the biology was incomplete , and the task was n't easy .
It would take some time and effort to know if and when their the process would become cheap enough to compete with crude .
Another challenge was getting the algae to keep growing without injecting a lot of energy into the system .
They installed large open ponds near Roswell , New Mexico , and began trying to produce tiny algae at oil tanker scales .
It worked , but there were problems .
Again , it would take some time and effort to know if and when everything would work together .
The program did not get time or the money to find out .
By the time Bill Clinton took office , funding for the program had dwindled to a trickle , and in 1996 , the Department of Energy abandoned the program to focus all its biofuel efforts on ethanol .
A dark decade fell upon the field of algal biofuel .
There was n't even money available to take care of the algal collection that had been so painstakingly created .
In an effort to salvage some of the science , a few hundred strains of algae were sent to the University of Hawaii , but the refuge proved less than ideal .
When a National Science Foundation grant ran out in 2004 , it became difficult to continue the laborious work of maintaining the collection .
The organisms sit in rows of test tubes living and reproducing .
Every two months , they have to be transferred , " passaged , " to a new nutrient - rich tube .
Random genetic mutations can enter a population and lead to permanent genetic changes .
The algae can die .
It 's not exactly clear how it happened , but a review released earlier this year found that more than half the genetic legacy ( . pdf ) of the program had been lost .
Only 23 of the 51 strains that were extensively studied during the program remain alive and extant .
The losses to the rest of the algal cultures in the collection have been even worse .
" The really bloody shame is that of those 3,000 , there are maybe 100 to 150 strains that remain at the University of Hawaii , " said Al Darzins , who heads up the resurgent algal biofuels research program at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory .
The way R&D funding has been used in the United States has hurt the efficiency of the research .
Programs that started during the late ' 70s and early ' 80s were stopped in the years of low energy prices that followed .
Despite the best efforts of cash - strapped researchers , not everything can be preserved and recovered , frozen cryogenically while awaiting fresh funding .
Algae comes back — — — — —-
While the valuable NREL archive of algae biodiversity languished in a Hawaii basement , the world around it changed .
Genetic and genomic research and understanding skyrocketed .
Oil demand grew , particularly in massive developing countries like China , India and Indonesia .
Oil usage outpaced new oil field finds .
Interest in algae - based biofuels exploded .
Venture capital and corporate money flowed back into the field .
On January 2 , 2008 , oil hit $ 100 a barrel for the first time .
Despite some ups - and - downs , the price of oil remains substantially higher than it was through much of the 1990s .
As a result , more than 50 companies are now at work on some aspect of biofuel production from algae .
In the latest move , Exxon Mobil decided to invest $ 600 million into a joint venture with Craig Venter 's Synthetic Genomics for research into next - gen algal fuels .
Over the past few years , Darzins has revived the program at NREL .
They 've been hard at work on the biology of microalgae .
Graduate student Lee Elliott of the Colorado School of Mines has collected 500 new species in just the last year and a half .
To a certain extent , the problems of maintaining a microorganismal library have been solved .
Cryogenic freezing techniques were developed at the University of Texas UTEX Culture Collection of Algae .
The NREL team has been able to freeze and then revive 91 percent of their microorganisms .
Despite the lost decade , algal oil makers are optimistic that they are about to ride a steep cost curve down to much , much cheaper biofuel .
As they apply new biological knowledge and optimize growing algae , the cost will drop .
And as they capture economies of scale , the costs will drop again .
In the best - case scenario , when all is said and done , algal biofuel could cost $ 50 per barrel .
But that wo n't happen anytime soon , and it could take a decade .
Or maybe it will remain expensive for a long , long time .
There are some legitimate reasons to be skeptical of algal biofuel 's potential for large - scale oil production .
So far , nobody has been able to make fuel from algae for a cost anywhere close to cheap , let alone competitive .
Some researchers question whether any kind of energy - conversion process based on photosynthesis will ever play a major role in our transportation energy system .
One life - cycle analysis found algal biofuels would not have a positive energy balance , in other words , you 'd have to put more energy in than you would get out .
The prominent startup GreenFuel , which grew out of Harvard and MIT research , went bust earlier this year after blowing through $ 70 million .
We just do n't know how well algal biofuel production might work .
It 's true that the 18 years of research at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory yielded a lot of knowledge , but it resulted in nothing resembling a commercial product or process .
" The cultivation of microalgae for production of biofuels generally , and algal oils specifically , is not a near - term commercial prospect , " John Benemann , an algae scientist who worked on the final report of the Aquatic Species Program , wrote in an e-mail to Wired.com .
" Larger - scale algal biofuels production still requires considerable , long - term R&D . "
So many questions , so little time — — — — — — — —— ——
Just $ 25 million was invested over the life of the Aquatic Species Program , which is just 5.5 percent of the total money the DOE dedicated to biofuels over that time .
Adjusted for inflation , the program 's total budget in today 's dollars was less than $ 100 million .
To put this tiny number in oil industry context , Exxon Mobil made $ 142 million in profit each day of 2008 .
" They came up with this idea and in four years , they almost demonstrated the technological feasibility , and then the funding fell out , " said Johansen , the phycologist who collected algae for the program .
" The maximum of funding was about $ 4 million a year .
When I left , it was $ 800,000 a year .
Now , there is all this biofuel work going on , and they are all going back to that public domain research .
It kind of drives me crazy . "
The neglect of the Aquatic Species Program and subsequent resurgence of algal biofuel interest is one of many examples that show that the lack of coherent , consistent energy policy has left the world 's most oil - dependent nation scrambling in times of crisis .
Johansen even went so far as to say that " if the Reagan and Bush administrations had not ended " the growth of the algal biofuels program , our country would have algal biofuels now .
Even under far less optimistic scenarios , if the Aquatic Species Program had been fully funded from its start until now , there is no question that we'd know a lot more about the potential , and limitations , of algal biofuels .
Instead , we 're left with some lessons learned , a partially missing library of microorganisms , and a lot of questions that investors and entrepreneurs want answered before the next oil price spike .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Advanced technologies offer ways of reducing the quantity of nuclear waste .
“ New types of nuclear power plants can switch to a closed fuel cycle .
It means that nuclear waste would n’t be buried as such ; instead , it would be chemically dissolved and the recyclable component re-processed into new fuel .
As a result , many of the most long - lived radioactive substances could be used at new types of facilities , ” says Professor Riitta Kyrki-Rajamäki of Lappeenranta University of Technology .
Professor Kyrki-Rajamäki heads the New Type Nuclear Reactors project which is part of the Sustainable Energy Research Programme launched by the Academy of Finland .
Very much different from the existing light water reactors , the new types of reactors have already attracted worldwide interest .
The New Type Nuclear Reactors project studies what is known as ‘ fourth - generation nuclear reactors ’ .
The purpose of the project is to improve the analysis capabilities in view of these Gen IV reactors – in other words , the development and application of new computational and experimental methodologies for studying the reactors .
The main fields of science involved are reactor physics , reactor dynamics , materials technology , thermal hydraulics , and computational fluid dynamics .
While the use of nuclear energy does not generate significant emissions of greenhouse gases or fine particles , the inexpensive uranium resources required for light water reactors will only last for the next 200 years .
If the number of nuclear power plants increases , the resources will be depleted even faster .
Currently , there are some 450 units in operation with around 50 more being built .
“ The transition to new types of reactors over the next few decades would guarantee that the existing reserves of raw material for nuclear fuel last for thousands of years to come , ” explains Professor Kyrki-Rajamäki .
Professor Kyrki-Rajamäki also emphasises that the new reactor concepts would present many challenges because no compromise must be made on reactor safety .
It is important to prepare safety standards for these reactor types that differ from the existing facilities to a considerable degree .
For one thing , the new plants would make use of new materials that would have to be tested to ensure safety .
For example , the new graphite - moderated reactors would have a fuel cooling system based on heat radiation which is easier to control ; however , a new safety - critical issue would be the prevention of atmospheric interaction .
According to Professor Kyrki-Rajamäki , Finland should be actively involved in international activities in order to influence and benefit from the development of new types of nuclear reactors .
Through the New Type Nuclear Reactors project , Finland is contributing to the international cooperation through research and by training new scientists for the nuclear sector .
The other parties involved in the project in addition to Lappeenranta University of Technology are Helsinki University of Technology and the Technical Research Centre of Finland VTT .
Now this is interesting :
The United States has begun talks with Russia and a United Nations arms control committee about strengthening Internet security and limiting military use of cyberspace .
[…]
The Russians have held that the increasing challenges posed by military activities to civilian computer networks can be best dealt with by an international treaty , similar to treaties that have limited the spread of nuclear , chemical and biological weapons .
The United States had resisted , arguing that it was impossible to draw a line between the commercial and military uses of software and hardware .
[…]
A State Department official , who was not authorized to speak about the talks and requested anonymity , disputed the Russian characterization of the American position .
While the Russians have continued to focus on treaties that may restrict weapons development , the United States is hoping to use the talks to increase international cooperation in opposing Internet crime .
Strengthening defenses against Internet criminals would also strengthen defenses against any military - directed cyberattacks , the United States maintains .
[…]
The American interest in reopening discussions shows that the Obama administration , even in absence of a designated Internet security chief , is breaking with the Bush administration , which declined to talk with Russia about issues related to military attacks using the Internet .
A couple of months ago I wrote a blog post about 100 Ways To Live A Better Life .
The post got featured almost instantly on Delicious , Reddit and StumbleUpon .
Since then , it gets a few hundreds hits every day and a new comment every once in while ( although it ’s more than 2 months old now ) .
But re-reading it the other day I spotted a slight imbalance .
Could n’t tell at first what it was , but it was an imbalance .
Like a picture with too much pink .
Then it hit me : life is not pink .
It ’s rough and challenging and filled with tests and temptations .
And this is what makes it beautiful , after all .
Living a better life stems most of the time from making a lot of mistakes and learning from them , rather than from avoiding challenges .
Better try and fail than isolate yourself in a sea of delusion and non-action .
As pink as that sea might be .
So , I realized I know at least 100 ways to screw up your life too .
And I also realized that this list would make an honest companion to the first blog post .
Like a mirror or something .
Oh , and if you wonder , the following 100 ways to screw up your life were personally verified at some point in my life by yours truly .
And now I ’m pretty happy about that :-) .
[ Update : The ebook based on this is out and hot ( already translated into Korean and Farsi ) .
Scroll down for more info . ]
Without further ado , let ’s start :
1. Regret Stuff
Feel sorry about what happened to you .
Spend time and energy on things that are n’t even there , but you feel are “ unsolved yet ” .
Keep your focus on the past and ignore the present .
This is what regrets do : they tie you down to things in the past that does n’t matter anymore .
Well , you ca n’t do anything about them anyway : accept and move on .
2. Accept to Be Lied To
Even if you know you ’re lied .
Accept to be told lies in the name of something “ bigger ” than you : a family , a career , anything .
Eat it up every day while knowing the truth and still accepting that other , twisted reality , hoping at some point things will go better .
They wo n’t .
And there is no such thing as something bigger than you .
3. Stay in the Wrong Partnership
Wrong partnerships may be both personal or professional .
You may think it ’s just temporary or even “ it might be good for you ” but you ’re just deluding yourself .
Wrong partnerships are nothing but swamps : they ’ll slowly drag you down .
If you do n’t get out of them the moment you realize they ’re wrong for you , you ’ll become one with the swamp .
4. Succumb to Addictions
Make them “ bigger ” than you .
Call it alcohol or just an addiction to fight .
Call it work , as in workaholic , or eating much more than you need .
Call it drugs or just an addiction to a person ( co- dependence ) .
Giving in to addictions is a conscious act of surrender .
You accept to lose a battle .
And then another one .
Slowly , you ’ll going to lose the war .
5. Dream Without Taking Action
Daydreaming is good .
It opens your heart to new universes and goals .
But daydreaming without action is useless .
Sitting on your fat ass while waiting for all your intentions to manifest , without taking the smallest action for moving things forward , wo n’t change anything .
Oh , sorry , it will change something : you ass will be fatter .
6. Sleep More Than You Need
Because you ’re too tired of doing the same stupid things again while you ’re awake .
Or because you ’re avoiding your real life , searching for a shallow refuge under the pillow .
And , of course , lose all the opportunities you could embrace while you ’re sleeping .
Becoming an early riser , on the other hand , is more than often priceless .
7. Play The Guilt Card
If you did something wrong , instead of a ) assessing what was really wrong , b ) learn the lesson and c ) move on , play the guilt card .
Feel guilty for all the bad things you did , until you start feeling guilty for all the things you did .
Playing the guilt card is closely related to religion , but it can occur outside religion too .
Just get over it .
Guilt ca n’t pay your rent .
8. Victimize Yourself
If you lost something , act like you ’ve lost everything .
Be a victim .
Ask for other people ’s compassion .
Play like every people you meet makes whatever omelet he wants from you .
Victimizing yourself in exchange of compassion is far more common than you think .
It ’s contagious too .
Just remember you may lose a battle , but that ’s not making you a victim .
9. Avoid Introspection
As difficult as it seems , every once in a while you should step back and interview yourself .
Bite the bullet and ask yourself a bunch of tough questions .
Better give a wrong answer now to a difficult question , but move on with your life , than ignoring what ’s going on with you and remain stuck .
Introspection always pays forward .
10 . Work Harder Than You Can
And ruin your health while pretending you ’re sacrificing for the good of the … ( fill in the blanks : family , friends , boss , career , planet ) .
You have physical limits and usually that ’s a good thing .
Breaking up your physical limits in the name of a stupid cause will screw up your life faster than you think .
And for a long time .
Work smarter , not harder .
Yes !
Believe it or not , I did all of those 100 .
In fact , we all did many of them , only not for enough time to really screw things up .
That does n’t mean we ca n’t do it now .
Having a lists of things to avoid in order to live a better life is more than often easier than having a list of things to do .
We , as living human beings , seem to be more sensitive to interdiction than to incentives .
106 pages
Get it on Amazon for only $ 6.99 as a Kindle eBook
11 . Do n’t Play
Because it ’s stupid , it wastes your time and energy and it does n’t give you any measurable results .
Do n’t play and lose the only divine thing that you get for free .
Do n’t play and let your inner child become a gray adult with heavy topics to discuss every minute .
Do n’t play and watch how your life gets seriously screwed up .
12 . Stop Learning
Because you already know too much or because what you will learn will not give you any competitive advantage in the narrow niche you ’re playing now .
Stop learning because there ’s so much to discover that you wo n’t cover it even in a dozen lifetimes .
Stop learning because it gets so difficult and it takes you out of your comfort zone .
Yeah , why bother ?
Screw it !
13 . Gossip
Talk bad about other people .
That ’s a 100 % sure way to screw up your relationships , your social credibility , your personal values .
The way you talk about people often determines the way you act towards them .
Gossip is a heavy weapon and , no matter how skilled you get at using it , it always destroys its owner .
Do it often .
It will accelerate the decay process .
14 . Aim To Be Famous
And do all the stupid things other people expect from famous people in the process .
Beg for attention , hunt the hype , dress like a douche .
Cheat your friends for the sake of some media visibility or discard your personal life .
Being famous is not at all a guarantee that you will automatically live a fulfilling life .
Most of the time , the opposite is true .
15 . Follow The Money
While this could be a very precious advice for an entrepreneur , living your entire life in a continuous chase of money will most likely screw you up .
Hunting money is difficult because money is a very volatile concept .
A big part of it lives only in your mind .
And money can only buy things .
See what you can do with a bank check in a morgue .
Pretty much nothing .
16 . Do n’t Make Friends
Stay alone .
Do n’t connect .
Because you ’re ashamed of something in your behavior or look .
Or because you think you ’re too good for them .
Whatever the reason , just stay away for people , and , by all means , do n’t make new friends .
And you will get the most exquisite place at your own drama movie , in which , you guessed , your life eventually gets screwed .
17 . Fight Your Enemies
Which comes down to first make and then keep some enemies .
Which is all round stupid .
Enemies are a mental construct .
You ca n’t have enemies unless you ’re ready to give away your power to somebody else .
Nobody can really hurt you unless you allow this to happen .
Fighting your enemies is in fact feeding your enemies .
18 . Be Lazy
Like in not doing any type of work .
Totally avoiding responsibilities .
Waiting for others to do stuff for you .
Staying away from anything that might remotely put you in the position to actually do something helpful for other people .
Laziness is a disease in itself .
Allowing it to spread into your life is like inviting an illness to take over your body .
19 . Do n’t Take Risks
Live a cozy life and always keep it into your comfort zone .
Do n’t get out of there .
Taking risks is … well , risky .
You can get hurt .
You can lose your money .
You can fail .
But taking risks is also the only way you can grow .
There is no real growth without risk .
There is no victory without even starting a battle .
There is no better life without challenges .
20 . Be Selfish
Do things for yourself and for yourself only .
Act like you ’re the only one in the Universe .
Do n’t share anything .
Aim to be the richest , most powerful and influential person in the world .
Selfishness is an incredibly effective limitation factor .
You will become the richest person in the world , if you really want to , only your world will become incredibly small : you ’ll be its only inhabitant .
21 . Gamble
Start fighting with randomness .
Hope that one lucky hit will end up all your troubles .
Gambling is really funny as an entertainment activity , but once you make it the core of your life , you ’re sinking into a swamp of despair .
You ca n’t use gambling to solve your problems , you ’re simply not designed like this .
You ’re designed to create and enjoy the process .
22 . Be Stuck in a Job You Hate
Because it pays well .
Or because you ’re too scared to look for another one .
Or because somebody told you when you were a kid that you have to have a job .
You spend more than half of your lifetime at your job so if you chose to stay in a job you hate , you ’ll surely end up hating your entire life .
In my experience , it happens rather sooner than later .
23 . Do n’t Listen
Pretend you know everything .
Or act like you do n’t need any advice , suggestion or feed - back .
Do n’t listen to your partner , to your friends , to your intuition .
And lose all the new perspectives you can get , all the fresh answers you never thought of and all the opportunities that could arise .
Do n’t listen and be prepared to face failure really fast .
24 . Lie To People
Because you want to get something from them .
Because you find pleasure in deceiving them .
Because you think it ’s just an innocent play .
Or because you ca n’t stand telling the truth .
Lying to other people is an addiction because it gives you a temporary feeling of relief : you passed this challenge , now you can move on .
Only you can ’t , really .
25 . Lie To Yourself
Do n’t believe what you ’re feeling or experiencing .
Avoid facing the truth and delude yourself .
Live in a land of fantasies and hope everything will be great ( or worse , if you ’re a pessimistic by nature ) .
Just do n’t listen to your inner voice and succumb to social pressure , bad habits or negative emotions .
Lying to yourself is a suicidal activity .
26 . Do n’t Ask For Help
And live like on a desert island , isolated and alone .
It ’s ok to ask for help every once in a while .
It ’s ok to be taken care of every once in a while .
Just do n’t make a habit out of it and you ’ll be fine .
But remember : you wo n’t be able to cope with everything in your life just by yourself .
You ’ll get by with a little help from your friends . 🙂
27 . Do n’t Exercise
No need to become an athlete but if you ’re not taking care of your physical body , it wo n’t take care of you either .
Avoiding physical activities , as small or insignificant they may seem , it will slowly degrade your physical performance and make you prone to illness .
And if you just think how easy it is to take a walk in the park …
28 . Eat Junk
From the same category as the one above : feed yourself crap and you ’ll produce crap .
And I ’m not talking about the residual crap we ’re all producing in the process , I ’m talking about the direct result of the process .
We ’re very much influenced by what we eat and any imbalance in this area will be visible instantly .
Junk food creates junk life .
29 . Do n’t Spend Time in Nature
We ’re pretty far from creating a perfectly balanced artificial living environment .
Our cities are sucking up our power instead of feeding us energy .
We ’re still children of the nature .
Avoiding nature in the name of a super - civilized lifestyle will subtly deprive us from one of the most forceful sources of energy , slowly weakening our strengths .
30 . Do n’t Clean Up Your House
How not cleaning up your house can screw up your life ?
Well , it will not screw you directly , unless you chose to have a date with the love of your life in your messy house , in which case your chances will dramatically decrease .
But , generally speaking , it will set up the field for other bad things to happen , like procrastination or just plain , old laziness .
31 . Procrastinate
Postpone tasks .
Avoid doing stuff .
Daydream .
Procrastinate and delay everything you have to do .
That will surely help screw up your professional relationships , your personal life and your self esteem .
If you want to became a master in procrastination , here ’s a small tutorial which will even help you procrastinate in a more productive way .
32 . Spend More Than You Can Afford
Because you do n’t have any idea what money is or just because you want to keep up with the Joneses .
Spending more than you can afford will not only sink you in debt , but it will make it really difficult to get out of there .
It ’s not how much you have but how much you are .
Not to mention that spending more than you have will never make you rich .
33 . Limit Your Social Life
Stop going out .
Isolate yourself in the safety of a job , a limited family life or a perpetual and meaningless daydreaming .
We ’re social animals , even though sometimes we ’re not that good at it .
If you stop going out you ’re cutting up your feed - back loop , slowly going down in a spiral of self - sufficiency and mediocrity .
Get out , see people !
34 . Chose a Career Instead of a Lifestyle
Too often we ’re planning our life career - centric .
We ’re making all the necessary steps for acquiring skills , titles and diplomas .
We try to fit in a more or less guaranteed career .
What we forget in the process is that a career is not identical with our life .
At the end of the day we often ask ourselves who was the person who talked with our mouth …
35 . Treat People Like Assets
Instead of treating them like human beings , with their own lives and expectations .
This is especially true if you live by the one above , judging your own life expectations in business terms .
People are not assets , like a computer .
They have lives and hopes and ups and downs .
Assets are dead , people are alive , with all the good or bad that comes with being alive .
36 . Chose ( And Stay In ) The Wrong Friendships
You know they ’re the wrong ones when you have to do things you do n’t really want , just to be accepted in their circle .
You know , drinking your life every night or just dressing up in a certain way .
A real friend will never put any condition on your relationship .
If you do n’t have the courage to step out of this bad circle , expect the circle to eat you .
37 . Reject Criticism
You do n’t know everything in the world .
So , instead of rejecting criticism , you should accept it .
Maybe they wo n’t be always right about you , but at least you ’ll have a feed - back loop .
Many people fear criticism but in my experience this fear is not justified .
Be thankful for your critics , it means you ’re still worth something .
And it also means you ’re improvable .
38 . Buy Your Relationships
Substitute the warmness of a normal relationship with the practical coldness of money .
While this will certainly ease your day to day living , it will deeply affect your emotional level .
Many marriages are putting so much strain on this aspect that they succeed in destroying any trace of true emotional bond between the partners .
Just live and let live .
39 . Follow The Rules
Eat everything they feed you , talk like they teach you and , by all means , do n’t swear when you feel like .
Just do n’t exercise your own choosing abilities and you ’ll soon become a perfect social puppet , ready to be manipulated with invisible strings by the first puppeteer who finds you .
Following rules should always be backed up with your own judgment .
40 . Do n’t Manage Your Money
We still live in a world where money plays an important role .
Several generations from now maybe money wo n’t be necessary , but , until then , you should be able to manage it now .
That means making day to day living up to investing or building a lifestyle .
Just pay attention to it and manage it , that enough will save you from some nasty troubles .
41 . Promise More Than You Can Do
Because you ’re ashamed to admit you ca n’t do more , or because you hope things will magically get better .
Promising more than you can cope with is often perceived as a way to push the destiny to obey your wishes .
I think it ’s the other way around .
The more your promise without cover , the more you piss off your fate .
42 . Do n’t Keep Your Promises
Not keeping promises is another way to say to the world : “ I ’m not a reliable person , please go away from me .
I may be very good at promises and make you believe I can offer a lot , but instead , I ’m just lying to you . ”
Better not promise at all than not keeping your promises .
43 . Overdo
Improve where there ’s no improvement needed .
Strive to do things nobody really wants .
Do more than you have to just to show off .
Many people think that going way over what they are expecting to , in order to impress or just hunt for a promotion , will make their life easier .
Too bad that when you get that promotion you ’ll be too dried out to enjoy .
44 . Quit
Quit doing what you ’re doing best .
Quit your friends when they need you .
Quit your partner because you got bored .
Just quit .
Instead of staying there and do what you have to do , just run away , cover your eyes and pretend it never happened .
Being a quitter is one of the most relaxing ways of living .
It ’s also the safest way to screw up your life too .
45 . Say Only Yes
Be submissive even if you do n’t agree .
Accept others around just because you ’re too scared to tell them they are annoying ..
And , by all means , do n’t you upset anyone .
Saying only “ yes ” it ’s incredibly disempowering .
You ca n’t say “ yes ” to anything in your life .
At some point you ’ll have to disagree .
Be happy about it : it ’s a healthy thing .
46 . Say Only No
Be a naysayer .
Disagree no matter what .
Tell them you know better .
Or just do n’t accept anything around you because you have such “ high ” standards .
Playing the “ No ” card every time will create higher and higher walls around you .
Being a naysayer will be as bad as being a yes -man .
Balance your “ No ” ‘s and “ Yes ” ‘s with your own judgment .
47 . Be A Control Freak
Try to control everything in your life .
Your happiness .
Other people happiness .
Your colleagues or employees .
Your emotions .
The weather .
Being a control freak will eliminate any trace of authenticity in your life .
It could drastically improve your discipline and self - awareness , but without authenticity you ’re as screwed as a robot .
48 . Walk Your Life In Somebody Else ’s Shoes
Be somebody else .
Chose a role model and stick with it until the boundaries of your own personality are melting and you do n’t know who you really are .
When you answer you will speak his answer .
When you chose , you will make his choices .
Chose to be somebody else and leave your true life behind .
While totally screwing it , of course .
49 . Be Cheap
Try to bargain everything in your life .
Negotiate while shopping up to the point every salesman will be pissed off and give you stuff for free .
Do this for your relationships too .
And , in the end , without even noticing , you ’ll become cheap too .
Things of value requires value .
Looking only for cheap relationships will lower your market value too .
50 . Abuse Others
Overuse .
Dry out .
Obtain things by twisting people arms .
If possible , make it in the name of a higher cause .
Take other people resources .
Does n’t make any difference if the resources are emotional or material , just take them without asking .
Only because you can .
And before you ’ll know it you ’ll become the first target of your own abusive behavior .
51 . Accept To Be Abused
Be somebody else ’s toy .
Because you “ ca n’t do better ” .
Or because “ you deserve it ” .
Or because “ this is how it is and it ca n’t be changed ” .
I know you wo n’t agree but accepting abuse is on the same vibration with abusing .
Although in certain contexts it seems you ca n’t escape being abused , you always have a choice .
Always .
52 . Try To Please Everybody
And lose every single trace of authenticity and originality you have .
There are billions of people on this Earth and during your lifetime you will meet several dozens of thousands .
How can you possibly imagine you will be able to please each and every one of them ?
Unless all you need from this life is a perfectly numb mediocrity .
53 . Feed The Trolls
At some point in your life you will meet the trolls .
People who live to disagree no matter what .
People who make a living by talking bad about other people .
If you ’re up to something in your life , they will spot you .
The biggest mistake you can do is to feed them , to talk to them and make them believe they ’re important .
Do n’t .
Let them talk and starve .
54 . Do n’t Look People In The Eyes
Eye contact is fundamental for relationships .
How do you feel about people who are talking to you while looking in a completely different direction ?
Well , this is exactly how they feel too about you , without eye contact .
Without looking in the eyes of your conversation partner , you ’re talking to the ghosts in your head .
Sooner than you think , you ’ll talk only to them .
55 . Do n’t Believe In Signs
The universe is giving you hints .
All the time .
With patience and trust you can learn how to read them .
It ’s nothing supernatural , just a way of living in the flow , instead of feeling disconnected and powerless .
Ignoring the “ signs ” it ’s like going to a live concert with your ears clogged .
You may not get a cold , but you ’re also going to miss all the fun .
56 . Do n’t Travel
Stay at home .
Do n’t leave your city , your country , your continent .
Do n’t expose yourself to new situations , to new cultures , to new people .
Do n’t experience the thrills of discovery , do n’t risk your life among perfect strangers .
Without traveling , you ’re limiting your possibilities and completely screw your life by total and undeniable boredom .
57 . Do n’t Read Books
No .
They ’re evil .
They can open your mind , challenge your creativity and feed your curiosity .
Do n’t touch them .
Reading books can be extremely dangerous for anyone settling for a boring , limited and tasteless life .
So , if you plan to totally screw up your life , stay away from books .
In some occasions , they alone can change your life completely .
58 . Live by Assumptions
Do n’t verify what they tell you or what you think it ’s true .
Just assume it ’s right .
Living by assumptions is a sign of weakness and lack of courage .
Have the courage to face the things and find out the truth .
If you do n’t do that , your reality will be affected the same way a house is affected by a faulty row of bricks .
At the next earthquake , it will crumble .
59 . Be Shy
Do n’t express yourself because you fear other people reactions .
Shyness is a social disease .
And , as any other disease , it may be cured .
If you think this is how you are and you ca n’t be changed , you ’re letting your shyness to control your life , your opportunities , your relationships .
It takes courage to use courage , so all you have to do is the first step .
60 . Live By Habit
Spend your life on autopilot .
Do n’t get out of routine .
Create a new habit for everything in your life , from eating to making love .
And then give your consciousness away to those habits .
Live outside new challenges .
Sleepwalk from the second you wake up to the moment you go to bed .
And you wo n’t even recognize how screwed you are .
61 . Avoid Mistakes
Chose the fool proof way .
Do n’t try something that could potentially lead to a mistake .
Because , you know , your position may be compromised , or your career could suffer from it .
Mistakes are in fact disguised opportunities .
It feels bad when you ’re wrong , I know , but it feels even worse to realize that you did n’t learn anything from it .
62 . Pay Yourself Last
Sacrifice your time , money and energy in a totally screwed altruism .
Ignore your own needs and try to fulfill others needs just to receive some appreciation .
You ca n’t really give something unless you have it first .
Becoming an altruist when you do n’t even have your own house or income is a sign of delusion .
Pay yourself first .
63 .
Hate
Use all your energy to hate others .
Because they have a different skin color , a different religion or just more resources than you .
Hating uses the same process as love : it connects you with somebody else .
But at the end of the connection hates puts destruction , while love puts union .
Whenever you ’re hating , you ’re using your own power against you .
64 . Be A Perfectionist
Try to reach perfection instead of just being better .
In the process , screw up everybody around , including yourself .
Perfection is a mind concept , it does n’t exist in real life .
Perfection has everything you have , minus real life .
All perfect things are dead things .
So , aiming to be perfect in what you do or want to become is a dead end too .
65 . Sabotage Yourself
Self - sabotage is more powerful than you think .
It works in such a subtle way that you may even take it as a normal act of thinking .
Whenever you ’re close to a big achievement , watch your self - sabotaging reactions : are you ashamed of success ?
Afraid of it ?
Do you think successful people are bad ?
Congratulations , you ’re sabotaging yourself .
66 . Waste Your Power On Useless Stuff
Ok , you gathered enough power to do something great , but instead , you waste it on meaningless stuff .
Welcome to the world of shallowness .
Having power is not enough , you got to double it with consciousness and vision .
Without these ingredients , your power will most likely diverge and decay , aimlessly pointed at things with no meaning .
67 . Be Ungrateful
Like in just avoiding saying “ thank you ” , or “ I ’m glad we did this ” .
Gratitude is a magnet , it attracts a lot of what you ’re associating it with .
When you do n’t use gratitude , you let things floating away in a Brownian motion , totally random and out of your control .
On the contrary , when you experiment gratitude , you let things you ’re grateful for flow your way .
Is that simple .
68 . Think Bad About Yourself
Instead of repeating to yourself that you are unable to do this or that , you may as well shoot yourself in the foot .
Just by thinking you ’re no good , you ’ll actually become a person who is not good .
You literally are what you think about you .
The good news is you can dissolve those negative opinions .
All you have to do is to first admit you have them .
69 . Fake It Till You Make It
There is this advice of “ being in sync ” with what you want , largely based on the Law of Attraction .
While this is certainly a valuable approach , faking your desired goal will not bring it closer , on the contrary .
What you should do is to try to feel comfortable in the skin of you new “ you ” , not to pretend you ’re the new “ you ” .
The Universe always knows when you ’re lying .
70 . Do n’t Manage Your Time
Time is the only non-renewable resource you have .
Not managing your time is almost as bad as not managing your money .
Only worse :-) .
You can make more money later , but you ca n’t create more time .
Each and every second you have is a new chance .
But if you do n’t stay on top of your schedule , somebody else will use your chances .
71 . Solve The Wrong Problems
Keep your focus on the wrong side of the problem .
Like in how much you can save , instead of how much you can really gain .
Inverse evaluation is one of the trickiest things in our life .
We tend to evaluate a thing by its opposite .
Like being happy when we eliminate 2 kilos of trash from our house , instead of just keeping it clean day by day .
72 . Be Judgmental
Criticize constantly .
Focus on the bad stuff .
Do n’t even think to bring in the bright side of the things .
Disapprove , be negative , hypercritical and deprecating .
Reject any trace of appreciation or balance .
In just a few weeks , your life will be totally screwed .
Who wants around a guy who is never , ever able to see the full half of the glass ?
Nobody .
73 . Complain
About everything , everywhere , every time you get a chance .
Complaining is another powerful magnet , just like gratitude .
But instead of attracting the good stuff , it attracts its subject .
Basically , the more you complain about something , the more of that something you are getting .
If you want to fail at something , start by complaining about it .
74 . Accept Crap
Instead of just rejecting the thing you do n’t want , take it up .
Instead of making your point , expressing your desires and throwing away everything you do n’t really want , accept crap .
And you ’ll get it .
Most of the time the only reason we get crap in our lives is our express authorization : please , give me more .
Sometimes , all you have to do is to say “ stop it ” .
75 . Take It Personally
Like you are the center of the Universe and everybody has something against you .
Take it personally at the weather , at the politics , at the economical crisis , at everything .
Just move forward with this mindset and everything around you will actually start to have something against you .
Do n’t take more pun than you ’re expected to .
76 . Do n’t Laugh
Be serious .
Grave and sober .
Do n’t smile and , by all means , do n’t allow yourself to laugh .
Because laughing will bring down your walls , it will crush your entire black edifice of a stony - faced , serious person , preoccupied with important issues .
Not laughing is the stupidest thing you can do to yourself .
Laugh is for free , everything else in life is not .
77 . Envy
Look up to everything other people have and feel bad you do n’t have it too .
Envy their lifestyle , their richness , their freedom .
If possible let them know that as often as you can .
Envy is a form of worship : only instead of praising its object it ’s diminishing its performer .
Every time you envy somebody you ’re in fact lowering yourself .
78 . Leave The Passion Out
Do n’t put your heart in your life .
Leave it away and try to get on with cold calculus or with bare logic .
Leave the passion out of your life and become an empty carcass , walking only by the law of physics .
Passion is the only thing that can completely shift your life .
Leaving passion out of your life is living a life of a walking dead man .
79 . Be A Follower
Do n’t start anything by yourself .
Do n’t do anything without asking permission .
Be a follower and always look for somebody ready to carry your responsibility too .
That ’s a perfect way to live a dull , gray and futureless life .
Being a follower will amputate your bravery and guts , leaving you at the mercy of some mediocre role model .
80 . React Instead Of Act On
Things
Be always a second late .
Do n’t initiate .
Do n’t start .
React instead of acting .
This attitude , although providing a little bit of safety , will put you at the mercy of events .
Too often , people who are acting instead of reacting are successful people .
And those who are barely responding to stimulus , instead of jumping ahead , are the self - proclaimed victims .
81 . Live Outside The Present Moment
In the past or in the future , does n’t really matter .
Just stay away from the present moment .
That will be enough to live a life of no meaning , always in search of something that does n’t really exists .
The present is the only time we got .
The past is just a mark in the sand and the future an uncertain promise .
All you have is now .
Do n’t waste it .
82 . Be Averagish
Not too much , not too little .
Not too talkative , not too silent .
Be in the middle .
Talk in the middle .
Live in the middle .
An averagish life is a wasted life .
You do n’t really live , you ’re barely acknowledging a statistical model of the reality .
There ’s not such thing like the average in real life .
You ’re either up to something , either not .
Chose to be exceptional .
83 . Be Revengeful
Wait for the “ right ” moment and pay back that insult .
Carefully plan and implement your revenge .
And you ’ll soon become a predictable and much too easy to manipulate machine , ready to be used by anyone smart enough to push the right buttons .
Revenge will never make things even .
It will make things worse .
Forgive and forget .
84 . Be Resentful
Even if you do n’t use revenge , keep some bad vibe about that person who insulted you .
Resentment is like drinking poison while waiting for your enemies to die , Nelson Mandela said .
And I totally agree with it .
No matter at whom your negative emotion is directed , holding it long enough inside yourself will eventually screw up your life .
85 . Do n’t Create Value
Do something that is either repeating somebody else ’s work , either of no use for anyone .
Do things that are not valuable .
Be a copy cat or a useless clerk .
Creating genuine value is at the core of our life purpose .
If you chose to create value for others , as small as that value might be , you managed to be in for something .
You ’re not screwed yet .
86 . Avoid Confrontation
Do n’t you ever confront your fears , your opponents or your critics .
Leave , run , hide and do n’t face your phobias .
Avoid your rivals .
That ’s one way to lose the most valuable feed - back you can get .
Confrontation requires courage , that ’s right , but without it , you ’ll never really know what are you up to .
Living only in “ potential ” means not living at all .
87 . When Going Through Hell , Stop Walking
And you ’ll get stuck forever .
Every time you bump into some hard times , just keep going , as Winston Churchill said .
If you stop , you ’ll get sucked .
Every hard time you encounter is a test , as undeserved at it might seem .
The only way to get out from it is to keep going , otherwise you ’ll get burned .
Even hell can be passed , if only you keep going and do n’t stop .
88 . Do n’t Clean Up Your Lenses
Your life could be blurred at times .
Happens .
Your life lenses got stuck or you have some dirt on them .
If you keep them dirty , you wo n’t change your perspective and will keep stumble until you fall .
Cleaning up your lenses should be a habit for anyone who really wants to adapt to change .
Because the only real thing we have in this life is change .
89 . Fall For “ Free Stuff ”
There is no such thing as a free lunch , they say , and they say that for a reason .
Nothing really worth having is free in this world .
We tend to value things based on how much we “ spend ” for them .
Hence , a freebie will be worthless .
Anything presented as “ free ” is in fact a trap , a trap which will require more from you than you are willing to pay .
90 . Race Against Others
The only real competition is with you .
The others may serve as a comparison at times , but you can only win against yourself .
Chasing your goals the same way dogs are chasing mechanical rabbits at a dog race is just stupid .
Once the race is over , what would you chase next ?
Do you really want to live a life of a racing dog ?
91 . Be An Information Junkie
Live by the news , sleep by the news , wake up by the news .
Information is supposed to be useful .
How much are you really going to use out of what you ’re exposing yourself to ?
Being an information junkie will give you the illusion of control .
You ’ll be much better if you master the art of ignoring , instead of practicing information overload .
92 . Talk More Than You Have To
And piss off everyone else in the process .
Talking should be a way to connect , to express your feelings and creativity .
Talking too much , as harmless as it can seem , could really cut off from your social circle , not to mention that it will shift your focus from what you ’re doing to what you ’re … talking about , of course .
Do more , talk less .
93 . Be Late
At your job .
At your social gatherings .
At informal meetings .
Show up later and you ’ll slowly get out of touch with everything else around you .
Being punctual is an art .
It ’s not too much about reliability and respect , as it is for spotting and grabbing opportunities .
A belated person will never catch an opportunity : he ’ll be there too late , of course .
94 . Accept Frustration
Yes , life can be a bitch .
Yes , it can make you want to cry out loud .
But there ’s no need to give in to frustration .
If something went bad , acknowledge and move on .
Frustration is from the same family with regret and share one very nasty family trait : it will dry you up and puts you in a no man ’s land territory .
Do n’t be frustrated it went wrong , be happy it happened .
95 . Reject Joy
Do n’t enjoy because joy is a silly way to behave .
There are people who are making a living out of rejecting joy .
Because it ’s a useless emotion .
Because it could make you vulnerable .
Yes , it will make you vulnerable .
But being vulnerable is the only way to really experiment life in all its dimensions .
Life is not safe .
But it ’s full of joy .
96 . Give In To Pain
At some point in your life , you ’re going to be hit hard .
We all do .
Pain is unavoidable .
But suffering is optional .
If you give in to pain , you ’re creating an attachment and from this attachment suffering will grow .
I know it ’s way more difficult to do this than it is to write about it .
I ’ve been there too .
And I really know that suffering is just another choice .
97 . Be Jealous
Do like many other people and think jealousy is a form of love .
And totally screw up your life in the process .
Jealousy is a variation of the “ control freak ” syndrome , with a little bit of panic disorder .
Controlling the one you love or limiting his or her choices by constantly nagging him or her , will have only one possible end : you ’ll get dumped .
98 . Think Happiness Is A Goal
Happiness is never a goal .
It ca n’t be your new car , your new house , your new career .
It ca n’t be your family , your kids , your friends .
Happiness is a process .
It ’s a continuous state of mind .
Whenever you step out of this state of mind , you transform happiness into an object .
And objects are inconsistent , fluctuant and unstable .
Happiness is the journey , not the destination .
99 . Panic
Give your power to circumstances .
Whenever something is out of your normal routine , just panic .
Lose your head , follow the crowd and think the world will collapse .
Panic is the ultimate form of submission .
You let some unexpected events to control your response .
Yes , unexpected stuff can happen .
Be happy : every unpredicted event in your life it ’s an opportunity .
100 . Do n’t Love
Turn your soul into a stone .
Frost your heart .
Do n’t allow any feeling of love to reach to you .
You wo n’t need months to screw up your life when you do this .
You wo n’t need weeks , or even days .
The moment you forbid love to reach to you , your life will be useless .
The new persister that is being developed for RabbitMQ is nearing completion and is currently working its way through code review and QA .
It ’s being pretty thoroughly tested and generally stressed to see what could go wrong .
One of the issues that we ’ve come across in the past has to do with Erlang ’s garbage collector : indeed there ’s code in at least one area of RabbitMQ written in a specific ( and non-obvious ) way in order to work around issues with Erlang ’s garbage collection of binary data .
We had noticed in the release notes for Erlang R13B03 , that it mentions improvements to the garbage collector , and today when testing with both R13B02 and R13B03 , we noticed substantial improvements with R13B03 .
The new persister is able to send out to disk partial queues .
Thus a queue can have a mix of messages – some just in RAM , some just on disk , and some somewhere in between .
This is separate from whether or not a message is marked persistent .
The proportion pushed out to disk varies smoothly with the amount of RAM left available to Erlang : the idea is to avoid flooding the disk with enormous amounts of write requests which would potentially stall the queue , and cause blockages elsewhere in RabbitMQ .
The test I ’d written used the Erlang experimental client .
It had one channel , it created a queue , consumed from the queue , set QoS prefetch count to 10 , and then went into a loop .
In this loop , it would publish two 1KB messages , then receive 1 message , and acknowledge it .
This way the queue would always grow , and memory would be fairly fragmented ( the gap from the head of the queue to the tail of the queue would increase steadily as the head is moving forwards at twice the rate of the tail ) .
With no memory limit , I saw the following ( I manually killed this after the queue grew to just over 350,000 messages long ( which means 700,000 publishes , and 350,000 acknowledgements ) ) :
Note that for R13B03 , the garbage collector is much more active , and in general memory usage is certainly more fine - grained .
In this test , all the messages were always in RAM , no messages were pushed out to disk .
Flat - size refers to the value returned by pushing the queue state through erts - debug : flat - size / 1 which returns the amount of memory used by the data structure .
Next , I imposed a limit of about 200MB and did the same test .
With R13B02 , it got stuck after just over 260,000 messages : it was no longer able to reclaim any further space , and so flow - control kicked in and stopped the publisher , game over .
With R13B03 it soldiered merrily on – I ended up manually killing it somewhere past the 1 million message mark as I was getting bored .
It ’s also very clear to see how with R13B03 , it successfully kicks down to pushing all the messages out to disk ( which is why the size of the state suddenly gets very small – the memory growth from there on is due to an ets table ) .
That ’s certainly still possible with R13B02 , and I have seen that happen , but there ’s much greater risk , as seen here , of it getting stuck before that happens .
In short , the garbage collector in R13B03 seems a solid improvement .
Even if you ’re not using the experimental new persister , I suspect you ’ll gain from upgrading to R13B03 .
And yes , that really is 1 - million 1KB messages successfully sent into a queue using under 200 MB of RAM .
This is part of a regular series of posts on search experience updates that runs on Fridays .
Look for the label
This week in search and subscribe to the series .
- Ed .
Stunning images of distant stars and galaxies captured by powerful new British telescope
Stunning images of distant stars and galaxies have been captured by a powerful new British telescope .
Vista ( Visible and Infrared Survey Telescope for Astronomy ) , based at the Paranal Observatory in Chile , is the world 's largest telescope dedicating to mapping the sky in infrared light .
Astronomers expect it to reveal a completely new view of the southern sky .
The hidden fires of the Flame Nebula : A cluster of hot young stars can be seen thanks to a telescope mapping the sky in infrared light
One of its first images shows the Flame Nebula , a spectacular star - forming cloud of gas and dust in the constellation of Orion .
In visible light , the core of the nebula is hidden behind thick clouds of dust .
But at infrared wavelengths - invisible to the naked eye - a cluster of hot young stars can be seen .
A second image shows a mosaic of two views towards the centre of the Milky Way galaxy in the constellation of Sagittarius , the Archer .
Vast numbers of stars are revealed , most of which are normally concealed behind dust clouds .
Towards the dark heart of the Milky Way :
The stars in the constellation of Sagittarius can be seen through dust clouds
The third image looks out far beyond the Milky Way to photograph a family of galaxies in the constellation of Fornax .
Many galaxies can be seen , including the striking barred - spiral NGC 1356 and the elliptical galaxy NGC 1399 .
Vista was conceived and developed by a consortium of 18 UK universities led by Queen Mary , University of London .
It has been formally handed over to the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) at the ESO headquarters in Garching , Germany .
The Fornax Cluster :
This family of galaxies is beyond the Milky Way
Professor Keith Mason , chief executive of the Science and Technology Facilities Council ( STFC ) , said : " This innovative telescope , designed by the UK , will give us unparalleled observing of the southern skies and will help to reveal some of the deepest secrets of the universe . "
Science and Innovation Minister Lord Drayson , said : " This outstanding example of UK kit is revealing our universe 's deepest secrets .
I eagerly await more images from Vista , which builds on our reputation as a world - leading centre for astronomy . "
SYDNEY Airport Corporation quietly increased the noise projections that underpinned its new master plan shortly after the public consultation period for the plan had closed , it has been revealed .
This year the corporation received approval for a substantial redevelopment of Kingsford Smith Airport , including the expansion of the international and domestic terminals .
It has now emerged that the maps of Sydney provided to the public showing which areas of the city would be affected by exposure to aircraft noise over the next 20 years were based on poor modelling and had to be changed .
Scores of homes in Hunters Hill , Rosebery and Lilyfield that had been outside the noise footprint were now within it , while dozens of others in Leichhardt , Petersham and Stanmore moved from moderate to heavy noise zones .
These homes would not only experience noise , but also the restrictions on development that come with being in a designated aircraft noise zone .
SOUTH BEND , Ind. -- Charlie Weis arrived at Notre Dame flashing Super Bowl rings and talking about outscheming opponents .
He leaves one of college football 's most prestigious programs without even matching the records of the two men who were fired before him .
Athletic director Jack Swarbrick announced the decision to let Weis go on Monday and said during a campus news conference that the school has not contacted any potential replacements .
The search for a new coach will begin immediately and will be finished " as fast as we possibly can , " Swarbrick said .
Notre Dame ( 6 - 6 ) finished the season on a four - game losing streak that made Weis ' firing seem inevitable , though the athletic director insisted it was n't .
" For many of you who may have thought that was a foregone conclusion , I would say to you that the decision was harder than you might have thought , principally because of the man it involved , " Swarbrick said , adding there was a huge gulf between the coach 's brash image and personal style .
He said Weis called him on Monday to see how the AD was doing .
On Sunday night , Swarbrick recommended to the Rev. John Jenkins , Notre Dame 's president , that Weis be let go with six years left on his contract .
Weis finishes with a 35 - 27 record in five seasons , third - worst among coaches who worked at least three years at the school .
" He 'll add some Super Bowl rings to the ones he already has as a successful coordinator in the NFL and we will miss him , " Swarbrick said .
" But for us it 's time to move forward .
It 's time to move forward because it is critical to this program and to its place in the university and college football that we compete at the highest level .
That we compete for national championships . "
Swarbrick said the decision to fire Weis was more of an " evolution , " saying Weis knew which direction the decision was headed .
After Saturday 's season - ending loss at Stanford , Swarbrick told Weis the recommendation he planned to give Jenkins , and they talked more on the plane ride home .
" So there was n't a point in time so much as it was a conversation throughout the evening , " Swarbrick said .
Assistant head coach Rob Ianello , who is also Notre Dame 's recruiting coordinator , will assume responsibility for football operations until a new coach is hired , Swarbrick said .
Ianello has spent the past five seasons on Notre Dame 's staff .
Weis has not met with the team since they returned from Stanford but has been in touch with some players .
Submitted by Mac Slavo at SHTFplan
Sometimes , a bailout is not enough .
When Dubai World black swanned global investors last month with what amounts to be a reported $ 80 Billion in debt liabilities , it sent shivers down the spine of many a financial manager and stock trader .
For those who were paying attention , Dubai ’s troubled assets were no surprise , it was simply a matter of time .
Oft repeated by contrarian analysts and investors like Dr. Doom Marc Faber , Gerald Celente , Jim Rogers , and Karl Denninger , the mathematical certainty of the economic crisis would play out - eventually .
It was a year ago that the entire global financial system , spear headed by the USA , faced the real possibility of total meltdown , that is if you trust the motivational fear tactics employed former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
This week , the American public received word that the banks once deemed too - big - to - fail will be paying back their TARP funds , ostensibly because they are now cured of the financial contagion that threatened sudden death , economic collapse and the implementation of martial law .
In addition to Bank of America and JP Morgan Chase , we have commercial real estate powerhouse and partially owned subsidiary of Warren Buffet Enterprises , Wells Fargo , which announced it will sell $ 10.4 billion in stock and exit the TARP bailout .
According to a company statement , the bank plans to pay back $ 25 billion in taxpayer funds .
CEO John Stumpf , presumably also doing gods work , says “ we ’re ready to fully repay TARP in a way that serves the interests of the U.S. taxpayer , as well as our customers , team members and investors . ”
Management did not comment on whether the share sales totaling around $ 14.8 billion , when you count additional plans to raise capital , will devalue , by way of dilution , the amount of market capitalization held by shareholders .
Citibank , who also committed to repaying $ 20 billion in TARP funds yesterday saw a stream of positive news throughout the media when they announced their intentions .
Just 24 hours later , Bloomberg reports that Citigroup ’s Exit From the Bailout is Clouded by Citi Holdings Assets .
It seems that CEO Vikram Pandit failed to mention that his company is “ emerging from a U.S. bailout with higher capital levels and loan - loss reserves than any peer . ”
That amounts to somewhere in the area of $ 617 billion .
Dubai showed how investors and traders are ready to run at the first sign of trouble .
As has been the case for the last nine months , however , the Dubai crisis was quickly subdued by stories of bailouts from their sister city , Abu Dhabi .
And indeed , Dubai has been rescued with what amounts to be a $ 10 billion bailout that should help the former real estate Mecca of the Middle East make at least a few payments to keep it a float for a little bit longer .
Regional investment firms will receive some of their funds , but as for non-Middle Eastern investors , the verdict is still out , though , as Abu Dhabi ’s rulers said , “ they will not necessarily just bail out everyone across the board .
They will be selective . ”
This seems to be the norm these days , so it ’s no surprise .
Certain entities , for whatever reasons , are bailed out , while others suffer the collapse of their wealth for trusting in the belief that asset prices always go up forever .
As Real Estate Collapse ( Wave One ) in the US proved , no asset will appreciate all the time .
Like Dubai , the underlying assets in America , Europe , and even China have been slowly simmering for the last year or so .
And once the public gets a taste of the toxicity , there will be no stopping the panic as everyone in just about every asset class decides to run for the exit .
When the panic does start , it may be an event perceived to be too - small - to - matter , like a Dubai that exposes several larger global players , which leads to a domino effect that will echo through the entire financial markets .
It may start with debt defaults in an Euro Zone country like Greece or Hungary , or maybe with commercial real estate or Wave Two of the Mortgage Meltdown in the US .
It could be a geo-political event with Iran and Israel , or a terrorist attack on a Saudi Arabian pipeline .
Right now , the world is on edge .
The citizens of the US , as well as the global public do n’t really know who to trust to tell them the truth .
They are on alert , consciously or subconsciously , and if they perceive even a small threat , the fight - or - flight system will be activated .
Some say that a year ago we faced economic disaster on a massive scale .
In one year , governments around the world have printed money , and done little else , except to provide daily lip service and commentary .
The contagion has been lying dormant and will become an epidemic .
No bailout will stop it .
Sport needs to break gay stereotype - Thomas Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Former Wales and Lions captain Gareth Thomas hopes the revelation that he is gay will help break down stereotypes of homosexuality within sport .
SEE ALSO Woodward and Amaechi discuss Thomas ' ' coming out ' ( 08.16 )
In - depth interview - Gareth Thomas ( 28.04 ) MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Unnamed page Editor 's Choice
In his latest fund letter , hardcore deflationist Hugh Hendry describes the entire reflation - based rally as a FAKE , and says the US has reached its " zero hour . " ( via MarketFolly )
... The surprise might concern the role that rising leverage has played in boosting GDP and in anchoring investors ’ expectations to an unrealistic level of nominal GDP .
Over the last decade , each marginal dollar of debt has generated less and less marginal income .
We knew that there would be a " zero - hour " for the economy when the creation of new debt would not contribute to GDP growth .
The government ’s reaction to last year ’s demand shock has been to increase its own leverage .
But , with the economy operating at its zero - hour , we believe this incremental leverage will actually have a negative impact .
That is to say , the public sector will fail in its attempt to bring the economy back to its previous level of nominal GDP .
In this scenario , the outcome will disappoint the market ’s expectations , which are rampantly bullish as evidenced by this year ’s dramatic re-pricing of risk assets .
This zero - hour for America has perhaps arrived sooner than many had anticipated .
It was heralded by the Japanese experience .
Japan is the bogeyman that confronts all academic thinkers , regardless of creed , from Krugman to Ferguson , as well as all who would choose to intervene in the workings of the economy .
In a debate I had with Mr. Ferguson in London last month , he claimed that Japan was an extreme outlier and could be ignored .
Really ?
Hugh Hendry Eclectica Nov09
Two weeks ago I was on a Project Management course at work , which was highly enjoyable and very involved .
Project management for a company this big is evidently a very complex and rigorous process involving all kinds of procedural steps and checks and formal presentations of stuff .
That was one aspect of the course : the System , creating a proposal and then delivering it to dangerously executive executives .
The other half of the course was basically : " Agile is good , Agile is great , we surrender our souls as of this date " .
There 's a lot about modern software development that strikes me as , well , blindingly obvious .
As in , " Why would you ever do things differently ? "
In a small project , deciding what tasks to focus on in the short term is a good thing .
Limiting yourself to only a certain amount of development - one iteration - and always ending up with a slightly more useful , stable product at the end , is smart .
Listing out all the various tasks ( " user stories " , " technical debt " ) that you want to do and having a well - structured discussion about their relative difficulty and the amount of time each will take ?
Five - minute daily meetings to find out where everybody was yesterday and is today ?
A clear distinction between the Lead Technical Bod and the Lead Non-Technical Bod ?
All of this makes perfect sense to me .
For small projects .
Whether it works on a product as big as the ones that ICBM manufactures and sells is still as - yet unproven .
We seem to still be in a transition phase at the moment , and an organisation this large does n't turn on a sixpence , changing direction rather more like a petroleum tanker .
This stuff has been developed Waterfall Style for decades , and the adjustment process from that to this is n't proving to be without its hitches .
Something like CICS has run basically faultlessly for forty years .
So do you want to develop something like that in any way other than " slowly and with extreme , extreme care " ?
We do n't know Agile scales yet , but we 're being asked to believe that it 's perfect , it 's the Way Forward .
I 'd love nothing more than that .
I 'd love it for everything to turn out fine , because quite frankly , I work here .
But if something has to be believed in for it to work properly , it does n't work properly .
This is Britain , nation of sceptics .
*
One week ago I began the System z certification masterclass crash course , which the previous bunch of grads took nine months over and which we 're doing in eight weeks flat .
System z is a hardware platform , the latest iteration of which is the z10 mainframe , combined with the z operating system , z /OS .
ICBM System z is the Stonehenge of computing platforms .
It is monolithic : z10s are enormous square standalone black things with ridiculous power requirements , more closely resembling the monoliths of 2001 : A Space Odyssey than any machine to date , both in form factor and processing power .
It is ancient , tracing its roots all the way back to System / 360 which was released in 1963 and was programmed using punch cards .
It is terrifying .
Unwieldy .
Impassive .
Inscrutable - mainframe programming is on a whole other planet from your conventional Linux and Windows and miscellaneous systems ( " distributed platforms " ) , and I will shortly share a few of the major brain - freezes which I 've encounted so far in my limited experience with the topic .
It 's phenomenally reliable : it 's been doing what it 's been doing since the dawn of time .
And finally , you will never , ever be able to make it go away .
System z is a living fossil ; it is computing archaeology ; computing palaeontology .
System z is an example of the principle " If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it " carried to its logical extreme .
System z and its predecessors have n't broken for forty - five years : the " z " stands for " zero downtime " and some of these machines have been running continuously for decades without a reboot .
Nor , therefore , have any of them ever been " fixed " .
It uses EBCDIC , a character encoding wholly incompatible with ASCII featuring such delights as non-contiguous letter sequences .
It was , from 1983 to 2000 , a 31 - bit operating system .
( Yes , thirty - one . )
It does things with virtualisation of system resources and operating systems themselves that were thirty years ahead of their time , but all the interaction with z machines is still performed through an archaic green screen system from the 1970s , running in an emulator , with a 24x80 character screen .
The screen is 80 characters wide because that is how many characters you could fit on a punch card .
The output from the Job Entry System , however , is 132 characters wide , because that was how many characters you could fit on the line printer where the output came out .
Nowadays , of course , the output comes to the green screen .
So you always have to scroll left and right to see all of it .
The keys for scrolling left and right are F7 and F8 .
For scrolling up and down ?
F10 and F11 .
No , Page Up and Page Down will do nothing .
To enter a command ?
You hit the right Ctrl key .
" Return " will do nothing .
" Enter " will work , of course , but , AS YOU KNOW , " Return " and " Enter " are separate keys on your keyboard .
" Return " is just above the right Shift key .
" Enter " is way over next to the numeric keypad .
To copy a line of text , you have to go to the small command area which exists to the left of every line and type a " c " .
Then hit right - Ctrl .
Cutting and pasting is about as tiresome .
To indent lines in bulk ?
Also tiresome , but do n't worry about it - most code will break if you start doing crazy things like adding whitespace .
Do n't you love a text editor which requires the use of a command line to work properly ?
" Undo " is disabled by default !
z / OS does not have files .
Or directories .
Job Control Language , the language through which tasks are started and stopped ( oh , everything is a batch job by the way ; even the terminal session you 're using to interface with this thing ) is n't Turing - complete because it can't do loops .
It is case - sensitive , by which I mean that everything must be in upper case .
Every valid line of JCL begins with a double slash , " // " .
Anything else is likely to be parsed as a comment .
Because the screen is 80 characters wide but 8 characters are taken up by the aforementioned command area to the left , there are always 8 characters missing off to the right of the screen .
JCL does have subroutines ( " procedures " ) , but get this : every line in a JCL proc has to have a label , and when you call a procedure , you can add extra lines below the procedure call to alter the contents of the procedure on a per-line basis .
This was originally the only way to pass a " variable " into a procedure .
Got it ?
That means that , as soon as you create a JCL procedure which is a really useful utility for other people , you can never change it again because someone , somewhere out there , is relying on it to continue to work exactly as it always has , in order for their code to work .
If you so much as relabel one line of your procedure between one software version and the next , you will break somebody else 's program .
And no , you cannot change things to make them better , because " somebody else " is Walmart , " somebody else " is Barclay 's Bank , " somebody else " is the Tokyo Stock Exchange .
I do n't know that those three use System z specifically , but that is the scale of customer we are looking at here .
z is this software developer 's nightmare : it is something which can never be improved because so much depends on its extreme backwards compatibility and its pedigree of never failing and never changing , a pedigree apparently entirely at odds with the Agile manifesto .
How did some of England 's most celebrated footballers end up in bed with randy priests ?
Metaphorically speaking .
In the hypocrisy stakes , there is little difference between a man of the cloth who solemnly preaches celibacy while also being a swashbuckling man of the sheets , and footballers who dive despite spouting pious statements such as : " I have never intentionally tried to dive ...
It is n't fair for players to dive and try to cheat the other team .
And it is not just cheating your opponents , you are cheating the fans as well " – Wayne Rooney .
" If I ever saw one of my team - mates diving , I 'd definitely have a word " – Steven Gerrard .
" I can speak about the England lads and I think it is something we do n't do .
We 're too honest " – John Terry .
Last Saturday , with Manchester United trailing to Aston Villa , Rooney flopped to the ground in front of Luke Young in a preposterous attempt to win a penalty .
Commendably , referee Martin Atkinson rose above the official indulgence to which Rooney is traditionally treated in this country and issued a yellow card .
The previous week , however , Atkinson had failed to book , or even mock , Gerrard for an even more laughable collapse in the general vicinity of Blackburn 's Steven N'Zonzi .
Still , for an English referee to spot one out of two diving offences by his compatriots probably is n't bad , since anyone who is exposed to the English media risks contamination by propaganda insisting that only suspiciously non-British folks get up to such devilry .
Earlier this season , and after their first such offences , Eduardo and David Ngog were tried , condemned and darn near executed in the court of public sanctimony , over which presides , of course , the honourable gentlemen of the English press .
Most of those same judges have been a good deal less mouthy about the theatrics of Rooney and Gerrard , despite both players , like various other England stars ( Michael Owen against Argentina in 1998 ? ) , having previous .
Some of Gerrard 's most blatant efforts have come while representing his country – his sudden loss of verticality against Andorra in September 2008 , for instance , or his pre-2006 World Cup plunge against Jamaica – in a friendly .
When England were already 5 - 0 up .
Rooney 's rap sheet includes a memorable tumble against Arsenal in October 2004 , and in November 2008 his attempt to frame Villarreal 's Fabricio Fuentes was so blatant he afterwards apologised , though that did n't prevent him from making the above claim about " never intentionally " diving a few months later .
And just days after that very same claim he successfully demanded a penalty for England against Slovenia for a non-existent foul .
Professionally many English players , like many players from elsewhere , seem to believe that diving is sometimes acceptable , perhaps even the right thing to do when the opportunity arises .
Culturally they know it is treasonous .
So England 's finest say one thing , and do the other .
Like fornicators from the clergy , they are guilty of craven hypocrisy .
Much of the media are guilty of something worse : bigotry .
If a foreigner did it , deport the swine .
If an Englander did it , move along , nothing to see here .
SHANGHAI —
The buzzing of small airplanes is very rarely heard in China ’s vast yet closed skies , and flying for the sheer joy of it is still a novelty .
But that is slowly changing as enthusiastic do - it - yourselfers take to the sky by whatever means possible .
China is home to a widespread DIY culture fed by necessity ( the mother of all invention ) and innovation .
These garage builders and innovators are , like their products , often called shanzhai .
Literally translated , it means “ mountain strongholds , ” but it has come to mean nonprofessional or clandestine manufacturers turning out products from the basic to the highly sophisticated .
These shanzhai often take familiar products , concepts and marketing memes and remake them with peculiar but innovative twists .
Aviation is by no means an exception , and it has its share of shanzhai builders .
But there is more to it than that .
China ’s emerging aviator class is spreading its wings with a plethora of approaches , from the ramshackle to the sophisticated to the potentially revolutionary .
They ’re using everything imaginable , from old motorcycle engines to electric motors to even their own legs , like Mao Yiqing and his human - powered airplane shown above .
You could easily plot these adventurous innovators on a graph , with the X axis showing their skill and the Y axis their financial means .
Occupying the lower right corner of that graph would be 20 - year - old Wu Zhongyuan , a farmer from Henan province .
He has since childhood dreamed of flying and spent three months and $ 1,600 building a shanzai helicopter .
The airframe , if you could call it that , is fabricated from a steel scaffold .
Power comes from an old motorcycle engine twirling wood blades .
Zhongyuan claims the chopper will fly to 800 meters ( 2,600 feet ) , but so far has n’t been able to prove it .
Provincial authorities have forbidden him from flying on safety grounds .
Photo of Mao Yiqing in his human - powered airplane courtesy Mao Yiqing .
Appearing at the upper right corner of our graph is Tian Yu , founder of Yuneec International and the man who wants to make electric airplanes a reality .
Tian , like many other DIY aviators , started out manufacturing model airplanes .
His company , Helang , builds hundreds of thousands of kits a year .
His first foray into electric flight came a few years ago when Yuneec launched an electric paramotor kit .
The firm quickly got serious and brought a production - ready electric plane , the E430 , to the big AirVenture aviation show in Oshkosh , Wisconsin last summer and made a couple of flights .
Tian is hardly alone in pursuing battery - powered flight ; several electric airplanes were on - hand at AirVenture .
But the E430 is the slickest of the bunch .
It is a sleek V - tailed sport aircraft with room for two , and a 40 - kilowatt ( 54 - horsepower ) electric motor .
Power comes from a lithium - polymer battery pack the company claims recharges in three hours .
Flight time ranges from 90 minutes to three hours , depending on how the plane is configured .
Yuneec is n’t stopping there .
It plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .
Tian concedes battery technology “ is not there yet ” because range remains an issue , but he ’s optimistic his planes and electric drivetrains will find a market .
“ Pilots will fly electric , someday , ” he says .
Photo of the E430 at AirVenture : Jason Paur / Wired.com .
Video : Yuneec International
by Mark Owen © , Jan. 27th , 2005
There are two Crowns operant in England , one being Queen Elizabeth II .
Although extremely wealthy , the Queen functions largely in a ceremonial capacity and serves to deflect attention away from the other Crown , who issues her marching orders through their control of the English Parliament .
This other Crown is comprised of a committee of 12 banks headed by the Bank of England ( House of Rothschild ) .
They rule the world from the 677 - acre , independent sovereign state know as The City of London , or simply ‘ The City . ’
The City is not a part of England , just as Washington is not a part of the USA .
The City is referred to as the wealthiest square mile on earth and is presided over by a Lord Mayor who is appointed annually .
When the Queen wishes to conduct business within the City , she is met by the Lord Mayor at Temple ( Templar ) Bar where she requests permission to enter this private , sovereign state .
She then proceeds into the City walking several paces behind the Mayor .
Her entourage may not be clothed in anything other than service uniforms .
In the nineteenth century , 90 % of the world ’s trade was carried by British ships controlled by the Crown .
The other 10 % of ships had to pay commissions to the Crown simply for the privilege of using the world ’s oceans .
The Crown reaped billions in profits while operating under the protection of the British armed forces .
This was not British commerce or British wealth , but the Crown ’s commerce and the Crown ’s wealth .
As of 1850 , author Frederick Morton estimated the Rothschild fortune to be in excess of $ 10 billion .
Today , the bonded indebtedness of the world is held by the Crown .
The aforementioned Temple Bar is the juristic arm of the Crown and holds an exclusive monopoly on global legal fraud through their Bar Association franchises .
The Temple Bar is comprised of four Inns of Court .
They are ; the Middle Temple , Inner Temple , Lincoln ’s Inn and Gray ’s Inn .
The entry point to these closed secret societies is only to be found when one is called to their Bar .
The Bar attorneys in the United States owe their allegiance and pledge their oaths to the Crown .
All Bar Associations throughout the world are signatories and franchises to the International Bar Association located at the Inns of Court of the Crown Temple .
The Inner Temple holds the legal system franchise by license that bleeds Canada and Great Britain white , while the Middle Temple has license to steal from America .
To have the Declaration of Independence recognized internationally , Middle Templar King George III agreed in the Treaty of Paris of 1783 to establish the legal Crown entity of the incorporated United States , referred to internally as the Crown Temple States ( Colonies ) .
States spelled with a capital letter ‘ S , ’ denotes a legal entity of the Crown .
At least five Templar Bar Attorneys under solemn oath to the Crown , signed the American Declaration of Independence .
This means that both parties were agents of the Crown .
There is no lawful effect when a party signs as both the first and second parties .
The Declaration was simply an internal memo circulating among private members of the Crown .
Most Americans believe that they own their own land , but they have merely purchased real estate by contract .
Upon fulfillment of the contract , control of the land is transferred by Warranty Deed .
The Warranty Deed is only a ‘ color of title . ’
Color of Title is a semblance or appearance of title , but not title in fact or in law .
The Warranty Deed cannot stand against the Land Patent .
The Crown was granted Land Patents in North America by the King of England .
Colonials rebelled at the usurious Crown taxes , and thus the Declaration of Independence was created to pacify the populace .
Another method used to hoodwink natural persons is enfranchisement .
Those cards in your wallet bearing your name spelled in all capital letters means that you have been enfranchised and have the status of a corporation .
A ‘ juristic personality ’ has been created , and you have entered into multi-variant agreements that place you in an equity relationship with the Crown .
These invisible contracts include : birth certificates , citizenship records , employment agreements , driver ’s licenses and bank accounts .
It is perhaps helpful to note here that contracts do not now , nor have they ever had to be stated in writing in order to be enforceable by American judges .
If it is written down , it is merely a written statement of the contract .
Tax protestors and ( the coming ) draft resistors trying to renounce the parts of these contracts that they now disagree with will not profit by resorting to tort law ( fairness ) arguments as justification .
Judges will reject these lines of defense as they have no bearing on contract law jurisprudence .
Tort law governs grievances where no contract law is in effect .
These private agreements / contracts that bind us will always overrule the broad general clauses of the Constitution and Bill of Rights ( the Constitution being essentially a renamed enactment of English common law ) .
The Bill of Rights is viewed by the Crown as a ‘ bill of benefits , ’ conferred on us by them in anticipation of reciprocity ( taxes ) .
Protestors and resistors will also lose their cases by boasting of citizenship status .
Citizenship is another equity agreement that we have with the Crown .
And this is the very juristic contract that Federal judges will use to incarcerate them .
In the words of former Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter , “ Equity is brutal , but we are merely enforcing agreements . ”
The balance of Title 42 , section 1981 of the Civil Rights Code states , “ ….citizens shall be subject to like punishment , pains , penalties , taxes , licenses , and exactions of every kind … ”
What we view as citizenship , the Crown views as a juristic enrichment instrumentality .
It also should be borne in mind that even cursory circulation or commercial use of Federal Reserve Notes effects an attachment of liability for the payment of the Crown ’s debt to the FED .
This is measured by your taxable income .
And to facilitate future asset - stripping , the end of the 14th amendment includes a state of debt hypothecation of the United States , wherein all enfranchised persons ( that ’s you ) can be held personally liable for the Crown ’s debt .
The Crown views our participation in these contracts of commercial equity as being voluntary and that any gain accrued is taxable , as the gain would n’t have been possible were it not for the Crown .
They view the system of interstate banks as their own property .
Any profit or gain experienced by anyone with a bank account ( or loan , mortgage or credit card ) carries with it – as an operation of law – the identical same full force and effect as if the Crown had created the gain .
Bank accounts fall outside the umbrella of Fourth Amendment protection because a commercial contract is in effect and the Bill of Rights cannot be held to interfere with the execution of commercial contracts .
The Crown also views bank account records as their own private property , pursuant to the bank contract that each of us signed and that none of us ever read .
The rare individual who actually reads the bank contract will find that they agreed to be bound by Title 26 and under section 7202 agreed not to disseminate any fraudulent tax advice .
This written contract with the Crown also acknowledges that bank notes are taxable instruments of commerce .
When we initially opened a bank account , another juristic personality was created .
It is this personality ( income and assets ) that IRS agents are excising back to the Crown through taxation .
A lot of ink is being spilled currently over Social Security .
Possession of a Social Security Number is known in the Crown ’s lex as ‘ conclusive evidence ’ of our having accepted federal commercial benefits .
This is another example of an equity relationship with the Crown .
Presenting one ’s Social Security Number to an employer seals our status as taxpayers , and gives rise to liability for a reciprocal quid pro quo payment of taxes to the Crown .
Through the Social Security Number we are accepting future retirement endowment benefits .
Social Security is a strange animal .
If you die , your spouse gets nothing , but rather , what would have gone to you is divided ( forfeited ) among other premium payers who have n’t died yet .
But the Crown views failure to reciprocate in any of these equity attachments as an act of defilement and will proceed against us with all due prejudice .
For a person to escape the tentacles of the Crown octopus , a thoroughgoing study of American jurisprudence is required .
One would have to be deemed a ‘ stranger to the public trust , ’ forfeit all enfranchisement benefits and close all bank accounts , among other things .
Citizenship would have to be made null and forfeit and the status of ‘ denizen ’ enacted .
If there are any such natural persons extant who have passed through this fire , I would certainly appreciate hearing from them …
By Pallab Ghosh
Science correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Ecologists have developed a way of monitoring the sizes of bird populations by recording their song .
Writing in the Journal of Applied Ecology , the team says the new technique gives a more accurate estimate of numbers .
Previously , researchers used nets to capture the birds , which can also be stressful for the animals .
The research team monitored the chirping of the ovenbird - a small warbler found in North America .
The researchers recorded the birdsong using four microphones .
They combined the sound information and used a computational method to convert it into an estimate of the density of birds in the area .
According to Dr Deanna Dawson of the US Geological Survey ( USGS ) the ovenbird was the ideal species for testing out the new method .
" We chose [ them ] because they have a very distinctive call , " she said .
" They 're quite loud and most of the time they 're on the ground or quite low in the forest canopy . "
But the researchers say their technique could be used to study any songbird .
Grahame Madge from the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds ( RSPB ) welcomed the development .
" At this time more than any other time in history , it 's vitally important that we have information on bird populations across the UK and the rest of the world , " he said .
" About one in eight of the world 's birds are facing extinction , so having the best available information about how they are doing year - by - year is vitally important to their conservation . "
And , according to Mr Madge , the ear is often more useful for conservation research than the eye .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Researchers in the UK are already using the songs of birds as a way of counting the population , " he said .
" One example is the bittern .
It lives in dense reed beds and it has an amazing booming call .
Males apparently can be heard for up to 3 km ( 1.8 miles ) on still mornings .
" By getting a fix on where each of the males are calling from in these reed beds , we can begin to build up a map of where the birds are . "
In the UK , scientists have a fairly accurate picture of trends in bird numbers - largely because of the efforts of thousands of highly skilled bird watchers - who report their sightings to the British Trust for Ornithology .
But , according to Dr Andy Musgrove , who works for the trust , the new approach could still be useful , particularly in areas that are difficult to access , such as reed beds .
Dr Musgrove 's colleague , Dr David Nobel believes that the sweeter the bird song , the more useful the system might be .
" This would be useful for birds with complex songs , such as the nightingale , " he said .
" It 's easier to recognise individuals using this technique and you 'd also be more certain , while you are using this technique , that you have a good proportion of the population singing . "
And Dr Nobel believes that the system would be especially useful in countries where there is less experience in monitoring bird numbers .
" You have expedition type work in countries where we know very little about bird populations , " he said .
" You can imagine that this might be something to add to the information that you are getting through other techniques - so there 's lots of potential for this method . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Vic Chesnutt died today at age 45 , the head of his label tells the Music Mix .
The acclaimed singer - songwriter had been in a coma since earlier in the week .
Some reports have said Chesnutt attempted suicide before the coma , but the cause of death has not been announced .
A statement on Constellation Records ’ official site reads in full : “ Surrounded by family and friends , Vic Chesnutt died in Athens Georgia this afternoon , Friday 25 December at 14:59 .
In the few short years that we knew him personally , Vic transformed our sense of what true character , grace and determination are all about .
Our grief is inexpressible and Vic ’s absence unfathomable .
We will make more information available according to the wishes of Vic ’s family and friends . ”
It ’s an unspeakably tragic end to Chesnutt ’s story .
Left in a wheelchair by a car accident at age 18 , Chesnutt went on to build a devoted following with his folk - rock songs , many of which dealt eloquently with themes of pain and mortality .
That following included many fellow artists : Fans including Madonna , R.E.M. , and Smashing Pumpkins covered his work for Sweet Relief II , a 1996 compilation that raised funds for musicians ’ health care .
Chesnutt spoke openly about his own death in an interview with NPR ’s Terry Gross that aired earlier this month .
“ You know , I ’ve attempted suicide three or four times .
It did n’t take , ” Chesnutt said then .
“ I ’ve flirted with death my whole life .
Even as a young kid I was sick and almost died a few times . ”
Pressed by Gross on the subject of his suicide attempts , he added , “ Sometimes I ’d be angry that they revived me .
I ’d be like , ‘ How dare you ?
’… But of course as the hours and days wear on , you realize , well , there is joy to be had . ”
We here at the Music Mix extend our sincerest condolences to the friends , family , and fans of this talented artist .
( Follow the Music Mix on Twitter : @EWMusicMix . )
It 's already being dubbed " the Amsterdam of the Rockies " and an après - ski spliff is likely to become almost as common as a beer when cannabis possession is legalised in the hip mountain town of Breckenridge , Colorado , on 1 January .
Well known as a laid - back party resort characterised by baggy - trousered snowboarders and a vigorous happy hour , Breckenridge voted last month to relax marijuana laws .
From New Year 's
Day there will be no criminal or civil penalties imposed on anyone carrying up to an ounce of marijuana – or the paraphernalia usually associated with it , such as long rolling papers , a small pipe or a bong .
That also goes for tourists , in a resort popular with British visitors who flock there for the exciting ski slopes and the exuberant nightlife .
" I 'm already getting calls from people outside the state asking questions , such as ' Can I do it while I 'm skiing ? ' , ' Can I bring it to my hotel room ? ' , that kind of thing , " said Kim Green , spokeswoman for the Breckenridge police department .
The answer to the first question is no .
The operators of the ski resort have made it clear that , while cannabis use may be decriminalised in the town , they are still able to ban it on the slopes under separate laws , and will come down heavily on anyone skiing while stoned .
The answer to the hotel question , though , is potentially a yes , provided guests can get hold of the drug in the first place .
And that could be tricky .
It will remain illegal to buy , sell or grow cannabis and also to display or use it in public .
That means no Amsterdam - style " coffee shops " , but the remaining restrictions in Breckenridge have not stopped campaigners making comparisons between the town and the Dutch capital .
" We 're the second town in America after Denver to remove all penalties for marijuana possession and the first in history to remove all penalties for paraphernalia , and that 's cutting - edge on a global basis , " said Brian Vicente .
He heads the pressure group Sensible Colorado , which is campaigning to make cannabis legal across the whole state .
Pot is illegal in Colorado under state and federal law .
In theory , the police could stop someone under state law .
But they have given no indication that they will do so .
They will , however , be adopting " zero tolerance " for those driving while high , smoking dope in public or causing disturbances under the influence of drugs , Green said .
You got to watch this whole video especially the slow mo portion of it .
Here is some info on what happend :
Bauge is nearly knocked to the ground when Sireau knocks him and crashes to the deck hitting Bauge ’s rear wheel .
Bauge manages to recover and pedal past the finish , and went on to capture the gold , beating out Awang of Malaysia in a tight race .
Enjoy
Here 's what I love about the elegantly functional stethoscope that is the recipient of our 2009 Innovation of the Year award :
It looks exactly like a stethoscope .
Jointed arms connect earpieces to a black rubber tube that leads to a circular amplifier — you 've seen one every time you 've visited your doctor since you were born .
It takes an observant eye to notice that on this one , there 's a tiny screen on the back of that amplifier , and telltale + and – signs and a small power button that signify electronics in action .
The creators of this high - tech medical tool have taken an instrument that 's been central to medical diagnostics for 190 years and supercharged it , adding sophisticated hardware and software that record , transmit , and analyze vital data , dramatically improving doctors ' ability to detect truly dangerous heart murmurs while eliminating the need for thousands of pricey echocardiograms a year .
But from a design standpoint , I 'm pleased to see that the stethoscope 's reinventors have decided that it ain't broke , so do n't fix it .
Thus they 've come up with a device that still carries all the Norman Rockwell–style reassurance of its predecessors .
Technocracy ’s intention is to show a design–a plan that has been available for decades to control our technology instead of technology controlling us .
By clinging to an outdated economic structure that often directs technology ’s uses strictly for profit we are missing the full value of technology for the betterment of society and the environment .
Technocracy is about making scientifically proven decisions .
We are about making balanced and responsible choices for ALL of society and the environment .
Of the various things to come out of the Open Society Institute 's report on Muslim communities in Europe , including disturbing information about the level of discrimination they face , I 'm not at all surprised to read that Muslims living in Britain appear to be the most patriotic .
According to the research , on average 78 % of Muslims in the UK consider themselves to be British , compared with 49 % in France and 23 % in Germany .
A heightened awareness of identity politics over the past 10 years seems to have accelerated the emergence of a pan-Islamic British identity .
Predominantly second - generation Muslims from countries such as Pakistan , Bangladesh , Somalia and Egypt are identifying themselves less in terms of " back home " and increasingly in terms of " being here " .
This development of a British Muslim identity has enabled many Muslim men and women to cast aside restrictive cultural practices and reclaim their Islamic rights in harmony with being rooted to Britain .
Islam as a way of life no longer has to involve adhering to a narrow definition of what it means to be a Muslim , characterised by frequently patriarchal traditions that can be traced back to a person 's country of origin .
It is telling that of second - generation Leicester Muslims , 94 % consider themselves British .
Could this be an endorsement of the much - maligned concept of multiculturalism , suggesting that the process of integration , as opposed to assimilation practiced in the rest of Europe , is proving fruitful in the long - term ?
That the trend is for UK Muslims to nurture and establish a British Muslim identity seems to have been long overshadowed by the frenzy of Muslim - centric stories in the media .
Incidents seem to make it into the news purely because their Muslim angle has been amplified .
All this is likely to achieve is to perpetuate myths and pander to fears , culminating in the emergence of reactionary groups such as the English Defence League and Stop Islamisation of Europe .
Whether it's a Muslim taxi driver refusing a blind man a ride because apparently Islam dislikes dogs ( OK , I am a bit scared of dogs but I know a fair few Muslims who do have one ) or the Archbishop of Canterbury calling for Sharia law in the UK because apparently that 's what Muslims want ( he did n't , and in any case , I do n't actually know any Muslims who do ) or everybody 's favourite – the veil or face - covering ( as only a tiny fraction of the population wear it surely it does n't merit the column inches it gets ) , there seems no let up .
It 's true that radicalisation does pose a serious challenge to the Muslim community , prompting some to question its patriotism .
Yet if the spotlight could be shone even for a second on the grassroots initiatives and community projects underway up and down the country reaching out to those Muslims who are disaffected , perhaps this fear could be tempered .
It is a shame that those hovering on the fringes of the Muslim community who espouse the most extreme , inflammatory and unrepresentative opinions monopolise the headlines .
Perhaps the OSI report will go some way towards redressing the balance .
Ben Bernanke , the Federal Reserve chairman , recently had some downbeat things to say about our economic prospects .
The economy , he warned , “ confronts some formidable headwinds . ”
All we can expect , he said , is “ modest economic growth next year  sufficient to bring down the unemployment rate , but at a pace slower than we would like . ”
Actually , he may have been too optimistic :
There ’s a good chance that unemployment will rise , not fall , over the next year .
But even if it does inch down , one has to ask :
Why is n’t the Fed trying to bring it down faster ?
Some background : I do n’t think many people grasp just how much job creation we need to climb out of the hole we ’re in .
You ca n’t just look at the eight million jobs that America has lost since the recession began , because the nation needs to keep adding jobs  more than 100,000 a month  to keep up with a growing population .
And that means that we need really big job gains , month after month , if we want to see America return to anything that feels like full employment .
How big ?
My back of the envelope calculation says that we need to add around 18 million jobs over the next five years , or 300,000 jobs a month .
This puts last week ’s employment report , which showed job losses of “ only ” 11,000 in November , in perspective .
It was basically a terrible report , which was reported as good news only because we ’ve been down so long that it looks like up to the financial press .
posted by GeoT
Clergy and lay leaders , meeting in Riverside for their annual convention , chose the Rev. Canon Diane M. Jardine Bruce , a local favorite from Orange County known for her financial expertise and ability to build up congregations .
Bruce , rector of St. Clement ’s by - the - Sea Episcopal Church in San Clemente , edged out five other candidates , including two openly gay priests , for the first “ suffragan ” bishop post .
Suffragan bishops assist a diocese ’s primary bishop .
“ All my life I have known that I have been called to serve God in Christ in God ’s church , ” Bruce wrote in her biography on the diocese ’s website .
Bruce , who was elected on the convention ’s third ballot , received a majority of votes from both clergy and lay delegates .
She appeared to benefit from a strong Orange County showing , but delegates said she was elected because she was the most qualified candidate .
“ She ’s a known quantity , ” said the Rev. Warren Nyback , a retired diocesan priest and convention delegate .
“ It ’s an indication that the diocese is getting tired of male bishops .
There ’s been a yearning for a long time , especially among women clergy . ”
Bruce — and the successful candidate for the second open position — must be confirmed by a majority of the national church ’s bishops and of diocesan “ standing committees , ” which include clergy and lay representatives .
Voting for the second position was beginning this afternoon ; it was not clear when it would be completed .
If either of the gay candidates is elected , it would mark the first election of an openly gay Episcopal bishop since the Rt. Rev. V. Gene Robinson was chosen bishop of New Hampshire in 2003 .
more here :
Enlarge Domino's is rolling out new crust , new cheese and new sauce for its pizzas .
For folks who get their jollies complaining about the taste of Domino 's Pizza , the company is about to do the unthinkable .
The world 's largest pizza delivery chain ( DPZ ) on Wednesday announced plans to change every part of its core pizza .
New crust ( added butter , garlic and parsley ) .
New cheese ( shredded instead of diced mozzarella , with a hint of provolone ) .
New sauce ( sweeter , with a red pepper kick ) .
Domino 's says the new pizza will be in all U.S. stores by Dec. 27 .
READ : Domino 's press release TELL US :
What would you or would you not change about Domino 's recipe ?
The move comes as the $ 33.5 billion quick - service pizza industry , particularly delivery pizza , has been hit hard by the economy .
Delivery sales fell 6 % in 2009 through October compared with the same period last year , according to the NPD Group .
The changes also come as the nation 's demographics and taste preferences are changing .
And they come just weeks before the pizza delivery industry 's biggest payday : Super Bowl Sunday .
( Yes , Domino's , which turns 50 in 2010 , may buy an ad in the big game . )
" The best defense is a good offense , " says Russell Weiner , marketing chief at Domino's , which has global sales of $ 5.5 billion .
" We were n't winning against everyone on taste . "
That 's an understatement .
In a 2009 survey of consumer taste preferences among national chains by research firm Brand Keys , Domino 's was last — tied with Chuck E. Cheese's .
Perhaps that justifies the radical change , says Robert Passikoff , founder of Brand Keys , who says Domino 's ranked first in convenience and price .
" This gives Domino 's something to talk about on an important issue . "
But analysts were hard - pressed to name a major chain that has tried such a change to its core product .
" I do n't know of any ( restaurant ) company that has attempted this , " says consultant Howard Gordon .
It 's like McDonald 's changing the ingredients in the Big Mac.
Risks are akin to Coca - Cola 's change — undone after a fan revolt — in Coke 's taste .
" Once you 've built a brand , that 's your brand , " says Gordon .
" To change it means that everything you 've stood for is n't right . "
Perhaps even riskier is the way that Domino 's plans to market the change .
Domino 's will reach out to food bloggers and others who have criticized the brand in the past and ask them to comment live on the Domino 's website about the new formula .
Domino 's experienced the downside of social media just eight months ago when two employees posted a hit YouTube video that showed them doing disgusting things with the food — such as putting pizza cheese in their noses .
Now , Domino 's will turn to social media to embellish the brand .
For the new recipe , Domino 's tested dozens of cheeses , 15 sauces and 50 crust - seasoning blends over two years .
" We 're basically relaunching Domino 's Pizza , " Weiner says .
Industry taste leader Papa John 's says it has no plans to mess with its recipe .
" To think about changing the recipe that got us where we are today , that 's just hard for me to fathom , " says spokesman Chris Sternberg .
TELL US : What would you or would you not change about Domino 's recipe ?
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Mr. Mittens filled in for us this week .
Â
He does this of occasion when weâ€™re on vacation , or else just bored doing the strip .
Â
Some might argue the strip improves in quality the weeks he does it , and to that weâ€™d say , â€ œMom , get off the Internet !â€ 
This is the beginning of a three strip storyline that will culminate in the most important event in the history of manâ € ” us finding out what we got for Christmas !Â
Oh yeah , something else important is likely to happen , but donâ€™t look at us .
An inquiry has found that the CIA used at least two secret detention centres in Lithuania after the September 11 terrorist attacks on the US .
The report , by a Lithuanian parliamentary committee , says that in 2005 and 2006 the US intelligence agency used specially chartered planes to land in Lithuania .
The committee found that no Lithuanian officials were allowed near the aircraft , nor were they told who was on board .
A former horse - riding stable outside the capital Vilnus was used as an interrogation centre .
The report appears to absolve Lithuania 's political leaders of responsibility for any human rights violations that may have been committed by the CIA .
It says even the country 's president was unaware of exactly what the US intelligence service was doing .
They Killed My Lawyer
Sergei Magnitsky was our attorney , and friend , who died under excruciating circumstances in a Moscow pre-trial detention center on Nov. 16 , 2009 .
His story is one of extraordinary bravery and heroism , and ultimately tragedy .
It is also a story about how Stalinism and the gulags are alive and well in Russia today .
Ultimately Sergei died for a principle — he died because believed in the rule of law in Russia .
When he stumbled upon an enormous fraud against his clients and the Russian government , he thought he was simply doing the right thing by reporting it .
He never imagined that he would die for his efforts .
The precise circumstances of his death are still unclear .
We do know Sergei died suddenly at the age of 37 , after an 11 - month detention .
At first , the detention center where he died said the cause of his death was a rupture to his abdominal membrane , but on the same day the prison officials changed their story , saying he had died of a heart attack .
They refused his family ’s request to conduct an independent autopsy .
His diaries are reported to be missing .
Because Sergei is no longer alive to tell his story , I feel it is my duty to tell it for him .
I am not a writer or a journalist , but a fund manager at Hermitage Capital Management .
I ran what was the largest investment fund in Russia .
Sergei was our Moscow - based outside counsel who worked for the American law firm Firestone Duncan .
Sergei was n’t involved in politics , he was n’t an oligarch , and he was n’t a human rights activist .
He was just a highly competent professional — the kind of person one could call up as the workday was finishing at 7 p.m. with a legal question and he would cancel his dinner plans and stay in the office until midnight to figure out the answer .
He was a smart and honest man working hard to better himself and to make a good life for his wife and two kids .
The tragic events that led to his death began on June 4 , 2007 .
That day , 50 police officers from the Moscow Interior Ministry raided Hermitage ’s and Firestone Duncan ’s offices , under the pretense of a tax investigation into a Hermitage client company .
There was no reason for the raid , as the company they were investigating was regularly audited by the tax authorities , and they never found any violations .
In the course of the raid , the police officers took away all the corporate seals , charters , and articles of association of all of the fund ’s investment companies — none of which had anything to do with their search warrant .
The significance of these seizures would only become apparent later .
In mid-October 2007 , we got a telephone call from a bailiff at the St. Petersburg Arbitration Court inquiring about a judgment against one of the fund ’s Russian companies .
It was a strange call because the company had never been to court and we knew nothing about any lawsuits or judgments in St. Petersburg .
We called Sergei right away and asked him to look into this call .
After researching the situation , he came back to us with shocking news .
He discovered that our investment companies had been sued by shell companies that we had never done any business with based on forged and backdated contracts .
He also discovered that the fund ’s companies had been represented by lawyers that the fund had never hired , and who proceeded to plead guilty to all the liabilities in the forged contracts .
As a result , the fund ’s companies were hit with court judgments for hundreds of millions of dollars .
On top of that , the fund ’s companies had been fraudulently re-registered in the name of a company owned by a man convicted of manslaughter .
Most shockingly , when Sergei analyzed the forgeries and fraudulent re-registrations , he was able to prove that they could have only been executed with the documents seized from our offices by the Moscow Interior Ministry .
On the back of Sergei ’s discoveries , in early December 2007 , we filed six 255 - page complaints outlining all the details of the frauds and the names of the police officers involved .
The complaints were filed with the heads of the three main law enforcement agencies in Russia .
However , instead of investigating , they passed the complaints straight back to the specific police officers named as conspirators .
Those officers then personally initiated retaliatory criminal cases against Hermitage employees .
At this point , Sergei was becoming visibly angry .
Sergei was n’t a dispassionate lawyer like many we have encountered in the past .
He was our advocate in the truest sense of the word .
By the summer of 2008 it still was n’t clear why the police would be involved in such a complicated scam against us .
If the intention was to steal the fund ’s assets in Russia , they had failed because , by the time our companies were stolen , the assets had been safely moved outside the country .
To help us find the answer , Sergei sent out more than 50 letters to different tax authorities and registration offices requesting information on our stolen companies .
Almost no one replied , but on June 5 , 2008 , Sergei received a letter that broke the case wide open .
According to the letter , which was from tax authorities in Khimki , a suburb of Moscow , our stolen companies had been re-registered in Khimki , and had opened bank accounts at two obscure Russian banks .
Once we learned about the banks , everything started to make sense .
At those banks , Sergei found a spike in deposits exactly equal to the taxes that the Hermitage Fund companies had paid in 2006 .
Apparently , the people who stole our companies did so to fraudulently obtain $ 230 million that the Hermitage Fund companies had paid in taxes in 2006 by claiming that the sham court judgments had wiped out their profits .
The refund of " overpaid taxes " — the largest in Russian history — had been granted by the Moscow tax authorities in two days on Dec. 24 2007 .
The date of the wire transfer showed that it was carried out in total disregard of the complaints the fund filed to the Russian authorities three weeks earlier .
Sergei did n’t start out as an anticorruption crusader , but when corruption stared him in the face , he felt compelled to do something about it .
In July 2008 , Sergei helped us prepare a detailed criminal complaint about the stolen tax money , which was filed with seven different Russian government agencies .
After our complaints were filed , the Interior Ministry officers who were involved in the fraud retaliated by opening criminal cases targeting all the lawyers who represented the fund .
The pressure became so intense that six of our lawyers from four different law firms were forced to either leave the country or to go into hiding .
The one lawyer who did n’t leave Russia was Sergei .
In spite of the clearly malicious activity by the police , he was sure that he was safe because he had never done anything wrong or illegal .
He believed that the law of Russia would protect him .
His belief in justice was so strong that he went on to do something many people would be petrified to even consider .
On Oct. 7 , 2008 , he went to the offices of the Russian State Investigative Committee ( the Russian equivalent of the FBI ) and testified against two officers of the Interior Ministry , Lt. Col.
Artem Kuznetsov and Maj. Pavel Karpov , for their involvement in the theft of $ 230 million .
It was an enormously brave move , and we feared for him that day .
Amazingly , Sergei was the only person who was n’t worried .
Just over a month later , three officers who directly reported to Kuznetsov went to Sergei ’s apartment at 8 a.m. and arrested him .
He was charged with being the director of two Hermitage Fund companies that allegedly underpaid taxes in 2001 .
He was arrested even though the companies had clean audits and Sergei had had no involvement with either of the companies in 2001 .
However , the law did n’t matter .
The investigators had other plans for Sergei .
Sergei was brought to Pre-Trial Detention Center No. 5 in Moscow , but within months he was transferred to a temporary detention facility with much harsher conditions , and then he was moved seven times between four more detention centers until he was moved to Matrosskaya Tishina prison .
Each move was progressively worse , and we started to get word that he was being kept in very harsh conditions .
We heard about him being kept with eight other inmates in prison cells that only had four beds so they had to sleep in shifts .
We heard about how the prison authorities never turned the lights off at night so even if he got a bed , it was almost impossible to sleep .
Most disturbing of all , we got news that he was starting to lose weight precipitously .
Since his arrest , he had lost 40 pounds .
On July 1 , 2009 , at Matrosskaya Tishina , Sergei was diagnosed with pancreatitis and gallstones .
He was told that he should be monitored closely , and that he would need a repeat examination and surgery within a month .
As he was preparing for a follow - up visit to the medical center , on July 25 , 2009 , he was abruptly transferred to Butyrka prison , a maximum security facility known to be one of the toughest in Russia .
At Butyrka , Sergei ’s condition deteriorated sharply , and he developed excruciating stomach pains .
He repeatedly asked the prison authorities , prosecutors , investigators , and the courts for medical attention , and he was repeatedly denied it by all of them .
At one point the pain became so intense that he could n’t even lie down .
His cellmate banged on the door for hours screaming for a doctor .
When one finally arrived , he refused to do anything for Sergei , telling him he should have obtained medical treatment before his arrest .
We did what we could do to help him .
We testified in front of the U.S. Congress about Sergei ; we asked the U.S. State Department and the British Foreign Office to bring his case up with the Russian Foreign Ministry ; we reached out to the professional associations ; and we constantly provided information to journalists to write about his situation .
But none of it mattered within Russia .
While we were lobbying from the outside , they were putting more and more pressure on Sergei from the inside .
His tormentors wanted to pressure him to withdraw his testimony against the police officers and make false statements against himself and his client , the Hermitage Fund .
Most cynically , they specifically wanted him to take responsibility for the theft of $ 230 million that they had been stolen from the state .
As a lawyer and someone who believed in justice , there was no way he would be pressured into perjuring himself no matter how much pain he had to endure .
Instead , he wrote even more complaints documenting the horrific torture he was being subjected to .
The more Sergei complained , the more the pressure increased .
He was moved to cells where sewage would spew up from the hole in the floor that served as the toilet .
He was put in cells with no glass in the windows to protect the inmates from the frigid Russian weather .
The prison authorities denied him any opportunity to shower , or simply access hot water .
Worst of all they denied him any visits from his wife or mother , or even the possibility to speak to his two young children on the telephone for the 11 months he was in detention , which must have been truly heartbreaking for a man so committed to his family .
Despite all this and more , he was never broken .
During his 358 days in detention , Sergei and his lawyers filed more than 450 complaints documenting all of the breaches of Russian law , and the violations of his human rights .
He wrote on behalf of himself and on behalf of other detainees .
Few people could have managed such a prodigious effort while being subjected to such physical torment .
Sergei did n’t have access to an office , library , or a computer .
He managed to do all this without even a table to write on .
Each time Sergei filed a complaint , it was rejected or simply ignored , but each defeat just served to make him more indignant and determined .
He was always the consummate professional .
There was never any emotion in his complaints , even after all the torture he endured .
They were crisp and exact .
Throughout this ordeal , Sergei stood true to his principles — refusing to perjure himself and make false statements against himself and his client — no matter what new suffering was devised for him .
In the end , Sergei died suddenly in prison on Nov. 16 , 2009 .
He entered prison a healthy 36 - year - old man , and 11 months later he was dead .
Many questions remain , but what is clear is that the abuses he suffered during his year in detention ultimately caused his death .
One can never judge the true character of a person until they are faced with extreme adversity .
Most people , if faced with a far lesser challenge than Sergei , would have given in .
But for Sergei , his integrity and honor were more important than any physical pain he was suffering .
Sergei was an ordinary man who became an extraordinary hero .
If we all could only show a fraction of the bravery and fortitude Sergei did , the world would be a much better place .
Sergei , his heroic fight , and the ideals he stood for must never be forgotten .
God bless Sergei and his family .
Dans un chat au Monde.fr , mercredi 7 octobre , le sociologue Louis Chauvel estime qu" une grosse moitié de la population française se sent déstabilisée , et ce n'est pas qu'un phénomène psychologique " .
Rose :
On parle de " déclassement social " .
Mais peut - on s'entendre sur la définition que l'on donne à ce terme : est-ce que l'on parle de la situation des enfants par rapport à celle de leurs parents ?
Est -ce que l'on parle d'un changement d'emploi , d'une perte d'emploi ?
Louis Chauvel :
En fait , " déclassement " , c'est comme " classe moyenne " , ce n'est pas une appellation d'origine contrôlée , donc on peut entendre beaucoup de choses très différentes sous le même nom .
Déclassement , il y a trois façons différentes de le voir .
Le cas n° 1 , c'est lorsqu 'on se retrouve dans une classe sociale inférieure à celle de ses parents .
Camille Peugny travaille par exemple sur les gens qui étaient enfants des classes moyennes et qui se retrouvent dans les catégories populaires .
C'est le déclassement social intergénérationnel .
Le deuxième cas de figure , c'est quand on perd son emploi et qu'on se retrouve dans une catégorie plus basse .
C'est le déclassement intragénérationnel .
Il y a un troisième sens au déclassement , c'est le déclassement scolaire : le fait d'avoir un emploi inférieur à ce que le diplôme aurait donné quelques années plus tôt .
En 1960 , le baccalauréat était la clé d'entrée dans les classes moyennes intermédiaires pour 60 % de la population des bacheliers .
Aujourd 'hui , c'est 75 % catégorie employés ou ouvriers , ou éventuellement chômeurs .
On mesure en France un très fort déclassement scolaire , en particulier pour les diplômes bac , bac +2 .
Fred :
Est-ce qu'avec ce thème on n'est pas sur le même terrain qu'avec la sécurité : " le sentiment de ... " ?
Quelle est la réalité chiffrée de ce déclassement social ?
Louis Chauvel :
En fait , la difficulté dans laquelle on est aujourd ' hui , c'est qu'il y a énormément de débats .
Pour les uns , le déclassement c'est numériquement pas très important , cela terrifie tout le monde mais ne touche que 6 % de la population , donc ce n'est rien et n'a aucune existence véritable .
Pour d'autres intervenants dans le débat social sur cette question , il y a une vision très différente , le fait que les nouvelles générations depuis une vingtaine d'années font face à un déclassement structurel croissant ou avec de plus en plus de diplômes , les nouvelles générations peinent à se loger décemment .
En fait , il me semble impossible de dire que c'est comme le sentiment d'insécurité , à 90 % psychologique et 10 % réel .
Je pense que les proportions seraient plutôt inverses .
RD92 : Avez -vous lu le livre de M. Maurin , La Peur du déclassement , une sociologie des récessions , et qu'en pensez - vous ?
Louis Chauvel : J'ai lu le livre d'Eric Maurin , que j'apprécie par ailleurs .
En même temps , je suis très loin de partager l'essentiel de ses conclusions .
L'un des points centraux d'Eric Maurin , c'est qu'il insiste sur la peur du déclassement .
Son hypothèse centrale est de dire qu'il y a beaucoup plus de psychologique que de réel dans le déclassement aujourd 'hui .
Eric Maurin explique en particulier que la réalité du déclassement , qu'il mesure pour l'essentiel au risque de chômage et de perte d'emploi des gens actuellement en emploi , que ce risque de déclassement est secondaire .
Il explique aussi qu'il a peu varié dans le temps , et que la réalité du déclassement ne justifie absolument pas les peurs actuelles .
C'est son propos .
D'autres auteurs , Christian Baudelot , Stéphane Beaud , Marie Duru - Bellat , et évidemment Camille Peugny , ont bien montré qu'il se passait quelque chose de beaucoup plus profond que cela .
Dans ma modeste contribution Les Classes moyennes à la dérive , en 2006 , j'avais montré aussi que la valeur des diplômes a très fortement décliné par rapport à ce que ces diplômes auraient donné trente ans plus tôt .
L'ensemble de ces travaux montre que , notamment au sein des nouvelles générations de jeunes , ce n'est pas en ayant simplement des diplômes que l'on est sûr de se loger décemment .
Ou de trouver une place dans la société semblable à celle de ses propres parents .
Zumain_1 : Comment peut - on estimer l'impact d'un système scolaire - qui apparaît inadapté - dans ce phénomène de déclassement social ?
Louis Chauvel :
Par rapport à cette question , la comparaison internationale est très enrichissante .
Dans certains pays , en particulier dans l'Europe nordique , mais aussi chez les Anglo - Saxons , le flux croissant de diplômés s'est développé au rythme de la croissance des emplois qualifiés .
Dans ces pays - là , il n'y a pas eu de déclassement par rapport aux diplômes .
En revanche , en Italie , en Espagne , en Grèce , dans l'ensemble des pays de l'Europe méditerranéenne - dont la France - , les jeunes ont bénéficié d'une très forte croissance des diplômes , mais les emplois correspondants ont connu une croissance beaucoup plus lente .
La résultante en Italie , en Espagne , en Grèce , en France également , c'est que beaucoup de diplômés ne peuvent pas trouver des emplois correspondant aux qualifications scolaires qu'ils ont reçues .
En France , on a une masse de jeunes qui sont membres des classes moyennes du point de vue du diplôme , mais qui ne sont pas véritablement membres des classes moyennes du point de vue des emplois qu'ils obtiennent .
Beaucoup restent aux crochets de leurs parents jusqu'à des âges vénérables .
C'est en raison d'une correspondance décroissante entre les titres et les positions réelles dans la société .
Dans les pays latins , ce phénomène est totalement structurel , il est très lourd , il donne un sentiment délétère chez leurs parents , que leurs enfants , avec deux années d'études en plus , se retrouvent plus bas qu'eux - mêmes dans la société .
nessundorma :
Un père ingénieur ou professeur …
Un fils plombier , ou mécanicien , ou menuisier …
Est-ce , selon vous , un grave déclassement social ?
est-il gravé dans le marbre que les enfants doivent avoir obligatoirement un statut social supérieur , ou au moins égal , à celui de leurs parents ?
Louis Chauvel :
Si le fils plombier est à la tête d'une entreprise de cinquante salariés , ce cas -là est une forte mobilité ascendante .
En tout cas d'un point de vue économique …
En revanche , dans les cas typiques de déclassement social présentés , par exemple , par Camille Peugny dans son ouvrage Le Déclassement ( Grasset , 2009 ) , la situation est plus grave .
Il repère une forte proportion , croissante , d'enfants d'instituteur ou de professeur qui finissent emplois - jeunes dans le jardin municipal .
Camille Peugny mesure ces transformations , elles sont à la fois fortes et montrent la situation assez exceptionnelle que nous connaissons par rapport au XXe siècle .
Effectivement , jusqu'à présent , en période de paix , le devenir moyen de la génération suivante , c'est d'être au - dessus de la génération qui a précédé .
Depuis vingt - cinq ans , on mesure une inversion de ce flux .
Est-il écrit dans le marbre que toute génération doit être au - dessus de la précédente ?
Peut - être pas , mais c'est quand même le cas de figure le plus normal .
Il y a eu beaucoup de progrès au cours des cinquante dernières années , les jeunes peinent pourtant de plus en plus à en bénéficier .
Cela se voit notamment à la qualité du logement , à la surface des logements , aux conditions de vie en général , aux départs en vacances .
A de nombreux points de vue , on mesure de plus en plus de jeunes dont le niveau de vie n'a pas progressé , bien au contraire , par rapport à la génération précédente .
Le problème , c'est que ces difficultés ne sont pas simplement des effets d'âge – les jeunes vont plus mal – , ce sont des effets de génération , c'est - à- dire qu'une mauvaise entrée dans la vie adulte a des conséquences sur la très longue durée .
Les jeunes qui ont connu des bas salaires , de faibles niveaux d'emploi , qui ont connu le chômage à leur entrée tardive dans la vie adulte après de longues études , peineront à trouver un niveau de retraite décent dans les prochaines décennies .
Ces phénomènes ne sont guère mesurés par Eric Maurin , par exemple .
Laurent :
Les politiques ont - ils selon vous pris la mesure de cette question ?
et apportent - ils des réponses appropriées ?
Bertrand : Quel bilan peut - on faire des politiques publiques mises en place pour lutter contre les déclassements ?
Louis Chauvel :
En fait , la situation en termes de politique publique est d'autant plus difficile que le diagnostic est très problématique .
Il y a vingt ans , quand il était encore temps d'agir à la racine , le problème , c'était avant tout la nouvelle pauvreté qui résultait du chômage de longue durée .
Entre 1995 et 2002 , on a pris conscience de la fracture sociale , cela a créé la CMU et tout un ensemble de dispositifs permettant de pallier les difficultés des 20 à 30 % de la population le plus en difficulté .
C'est le cas aussi avec la prime pour l'emploi .
Le problème , c'est que les difficultés n'ont cessé d'augmenter d'un cran , et c'est au tour des catégories intermédiaires de la société de se porter de plus en plus mal .
Cela ne veut pas dire que les catégories populaires se portent bien , mais le noyau stable , central , de la société française , les catégories situées autour de 1 500 euros de salaire mensuel net , est à son tour touché par des difficultés de plus en plus palpables .
L'équation impossible , c'est tout à la fois améliorer le sort des catégories les plus en difficulté tout en ne déstabilisant pas plus encore les catégories intermédiaires de la société .
Le problème est que cette équation est extrêmement difficile à résoudre , et les politiques préfèrent d'une façon générale faire œuvre de démagogie plutôt que de traitement de fond de ces phénomènes .
Le problème , c'est que maintenant une grosse moitié de la population française se sent déstabilisée , et ce n'est pas qu'un phénomène psychologique .
On le mesure aussi à des réalités tangibles .
Difficultés de logement , à trouver une école décente , à payer les factures habituelles tout en conservant un niveau de consommation de classe moyenne …
Il y a vingt ans , des politiques de lutte contre le déclassement auraient pu être mises en place sans efforts considérables , en travaillant plus sur la formation tout au long de la vie , en rendant moins douloureux les changements d'emploi , en renouvelant les qualifications d'une partie massive de la population .
Pour le dire vite , l'essentiel des politiques publiques mises en œuvre dans des pays comme le Danemark , des pays où les gens changent d'emploi sans en éprouver une souffrance considérable parce qu'il y a une vraie négociation collective et un accompagnement social qui va avec , ont eu des résultats très positifs .
En France , on a fait tout le contraire .
Les entreprises en difficulté ne recrutent plus et laissent vieillir leurs travailleurs jusqu'à l'âge de la préretraite .
Les entreprises dynamiques essaient d'embaucher le moins possible en augmentant de plus en plus la productivité de leurs travailleurs en place .
Et en France , changer d'emploi , c'est le risque permanent de perdre tout un ensemble de droits fondés sur l'ancienneté dans l'entreprise .
Le résultat est qu'on travaille avec de moins en moins de gens , de plus en plus épuisés et stressés , jusqu'à la veille du départ à la retraite .
Ce n'est pas un modèle stable de développement .
Zumain_1 : Est-il possible que les protections sociales réputées fortes en France puissent participer à aggraver le déclassement social ?
Du fait que les individus s'accrochent de toutes leurs forces à leurs acquis et passent ainsi à côté d'opportunités d'évolutions ou même de changement de carrière .
Louis Chauvel :
L'un des points importants du livre d'Eric Maurin , c'est effectivement le fait que l'Etat - providence à la française , de type corporatiste , qui donne beaucoup de droits , en particulier à ceux qui sont depuis longtemps dans une entreprise , produit beaucoup de déstabilisation sociale .
Gösta Esping - Andersen le dit aussi : le risque , c'est de sacrifier les plus faibles ( les femmes , les immigrés , les précaires , les jeunes ) pour protéger au maximum le travail du noyau central .
Ce diagnostic est fondé , mais en même temps , le noyau central , qui était très stable dans les années 1980 , commence à son tour à subir des difficultés croissantes .
Il suffit de comparer par exemple le salaire moyen au prix du mètre carré au cours des vingt dernières années .
Le danger de ce diagnostic serait d'aller trop rapidement à la conclusion : cassons les dernières sécurités du noyau central et tout ira mieux .
Eric Maurin ne dit pas exactement cela , mais risque d'être interprété comme cela .
Petersham :
Le déclassement social en France n'est - il pas qu'un dommage colatéral de l'apparition inéluctable de classes moyennes en Chine ou en Inde : ces pays importent de la richesse et exportent de la pauvreté .
Louis Chauvel : C'est vrai , mais pas totalement .
Les pays nordiques sont des petits pays , donc leur expérience n'est pas forcément généralisable à la France , mais tout de même .
La Suède , par exemple , a réussi à sauvegarder son modèle de classe moyenne , en parvenant à être toujours en avance sur le changement et le progrès des qualifications .
Certains pays aussi globalisés que le nôtre sont parvenus à sauver l'essentiel de leur modèle social , avec des réformes fortes , mais qui ont été avantageuses pour tout le monde .
Il est à craindre que sur cette voie - là , la France ait raté son changement .
De tout un ensemble de points de vue , nous risquons d'avoir tout à la fois de faibles salaires nets , comme dans les systèmes d'Etat - providence développés , et une précarité croissante et une dureté croissante dans le travail .
Et dans les retraites ultérieurement .
C'est - à - dire que je crains que la France risque de cumuler les tares du capitalisme libéral et d'un modèle obsolescent d'Etat - providence qui a raté sa transition .
Les pays nordiques , une fois encore , montrent une dynamique inverse face à la globalisation .
Cedrick : Pensez - vous que le système méritocratique français a trouvé son aboutissement social ?
N'est - ce pas ce modèle - là qui est en crise et qui provoque la grogne de tous ceux qui ne sont pas premiers ?
Louis Chauvel :
C'est vrai que le modèle méritocratique français est très spécifique .
Partout dans le monde hors de France , la méritocratie , c'est le talent plus l'effort .
En France , c'est le concours réussi à l'âge de 20 ans .
Evidemment , ce sont deux choses complètement différentes .
Il s'agit de plus en plus de réfléchir à retrouver une dynamique d'effort et de réussite .
En comparaison internationale , ce que je crains le plus , c'est que les Français ou les Européens manquent d'un projet collectif à l'échelon national ou européen .
Nous ne savons pas où nous allons , ce que nous voulons , et c'est , me semble - t - il , très grave .
Lorsque je vais aux Etats - Unis , dans les pays nordiques ou en Chine , mes interlocuteurs , qui sont des experts nationaux de ces pays , sont en permanence associés à la question : " Où allons - nous ? "
En France et en Europe , au contraire , il y a véritablement une carence de vision d'avenir ne serait - ce qu'un peu partagée .
Nous devrions nous poser la question de quel modèle social nous voulons pour 2025 , mais la vraie question des politiques aujourd ' hui , c'est : " Comment préparer 2012 ? "
Cette inconséquence , nous la paierons très cher en 2025 et avant .
Et cela risque de nous amener à un déclassement collectif de l'ensemble européen sur la scène mondiale .
Ce n'est pas très optimiste , mais je crains que ce ne soit assez lucide .
Le Monde
At the risk of sounding as if I 've just stepped out of " Blazing Saddles , " Howard Dean is right , and the White House 's reaction to him has been incendiary , short - sighted , and inaccurate .
He argued not just to kill the bill but to salvage its societally useful components through reconciliation .
That this is a turning point in the Obama Presidency is so obvious to be almost mundane .
The " men " of the current moment , have lost to the " mice " of history .
They must now not make the defeat worse by passing a hollow shell of a bill just for the sake of a big - stage signing ceremony .
This bill , slowly bled to death by the political equivalent of the leeches that were once thought state - of - the - art - medicine , is now little more than a series of microscopically minor tweaks of a system which is the real - life , here - and - now version , of the malarkey of the Town Hallers .
The American Insurance Cartel is the Death Panel , and this Senate bill does nothing to destroy it .
Nor even to satiate it .
It merely decrees that our underprivileged , our sick , our elderly , our middle class , can be fed into it , as human sacrifices to the great maw of corporate voraciousness , at a profit per victim of 10 cents on the dollar instead of the current 20 .
With great sadness - and with full acknowledgment that this is hardly all his doing - I must also address this president directly , about his lack of leadership .
There is no middle to coalesce here , Sir .
There are only the uninformed , the bought - off , and the vast suffering majority for whom the urgency of now is a call from a collection agency or a threat of rescission of policy or a warning of expiration of services .
Sir , your hands - off approach , while nobly intended and perhaps yet some day applicable to the reality of an improved version of our nation , enabled the national humiliation that was the Town Halls and the insufferable Neanderthalian stupidity of Congressman Wilson and the street - walking of Mr. Lieberman .
Instead of continuing this snipe - hunt for the endangered and possibly extinct creature " bipartisanship , " you need to push the Republicans around or cut them out or both .
You need to threaten Democrats like Baucus and the others with the ends of their careers in the party .
Instead , those Democrats have threatened you , and the Republicans have pushed you and cut you out .
Sir , if they are going to call you a socialist no matter what you do , you have been given full unfettered freedom to do what you know is just .
The bill may be the ultimate political manifesto , or it may be the most delicate of compromises .
The firestorm will be the same .
So why not give the haters , as the cliché goes , something to cry about .
There are many who can act here but the leadership must come from the White House , or we will see enacted into statute the equivalent of Medical Mobster Protection Money , the forced purchase of a product , by the citizens of this country , which is significantly regulated only in the establishment of a law requiring us to buy it .
And in that event , I feel - and will express tonight - the necessity of violating any such law , as obviously , frequently , and loudly as possible .
* 800,000 doses of children ’s vaccine recalled
* CDC says no safety concerns ( Adds quotes , details from letter )
WASHINGTON , Dec 15 ( Reuters ) - Vaccine maker Sanofi-Aventis SA SASY .
PA > SNY .N is recalling four lots of its pediatric H1N1 swine flu vaccine because it is not as potent as it should be , U.S. officials said on Tuesday .
There is no safety concern and children vaccinated from the lots already will not need to be re-vaccinated , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said .
The affected vaccines are pre-filled syringes for children under age 3 , the CDC said in a message to state and local health officers , public information officers and doctors ’ groups .
A CDC spokesman said about 800,000 doses of vaccine from the lots had been distributed to providers .
The CDC said the four lots were discovered as part of a quality assurance testing program and that the company had also notified the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
“ While the antigen content of these lots is now below the specification limit for the product , CDC and FDA are in agreement that the small decrease in antigen content is unlikely to result in a clinically significant reduction in immune response among persons who have received the vaccine , ” the CDC said .
“ For children 6 months of age and older , vaccine is available in multidose vials .
The vaccine in multidose vials is safe and effective vaccine for children , ” it added .
States have been struggling to get H1N1 vaccine to people who want it because companies have had trouble making it quickly .
Last week the CDC said 85 million doses of the vaccine had been made available for distribution so far .
The CDC estimates that swine flu has killed 10,000 Americans since it emerged in March and put 200,000 into the hospital .
Children , young adults , people with medical conditions such as asthma , healthcare workers and caregivers for infants are all advised to get the vaccine .
Conservative Sen. Jim DeMint ( R - S.C. ) on Wednesday called out the leadership of the Republican Party for straying too far from conservative principles .
DeMint , in an interview with the Christian Broadcast Network , also said that he is trying to recruit a new crop of GOP lawmakers to challenge the party establishment .
ADVERTISEMENT
" The problem in the Republican Party is that the leadership has gone to the left , " he said .
" I need some new Republicans . "
DeMint 's comments come as party leaders such as Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky. ) , National Republican Senatorial Committee ( NRSC ) chairman John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) , and RNC chairman Michael Steele have come under fire from several conservative bloggers and conservative grassroots activists .
They argue that they have not done enough to thwart the Democratic legislative agenda and to back conservative candidates running in primary elections .
Those on the right point to some establishment Republicans ' initial support for state Assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava ( R - N.Y. ) instead of Conservative Party candidate Doug Hoffman the New York special House election .
Conservatives have also rallied around former Florida House Speaker Marco Rubio ( R ) instead of Florida Gov. Charlie Crist ( R ) , the NRSC 's choice in the state 's GOP Senate primary .
" [ We need ] people who believe in constitutional government , a balanced budget and liberty and so I 'm out across the country recruiting new republicans who I think if they get here will not only challenge the institutions of government but be willing to even challenge the Republican Party and our leadership if they feel like we 're going in the wrong direction , " DeMint said .
" I think just a handful of new Republicans in the Senate could help change the direction . "
As Walter Iooss and Neil Leifer will tell you , sports photographers have good games and bad games .
Like athletes , they get better through intense competition .
Having one another as competitors , these two have risen to the top of their game .
For that , they are being honored with a joint exhibit , called “ Sport : Iooss and Leifer , ” at the Annenberg Space for Photography in Los Angeles .
The show opened Saturday , but the collaboration behind it goes back almost 50 years .
It started at a New York Titans football game at the Polo Grounds that a 16 - year - old Walter Iooss ( pronounced “ Yose ” ) was watching with his father and a 17 - year - old Neil Leifer was photographing on the field for Sports Illustrated .
Impressed with the young Leifer ’s access , Walter Iooss Sr. went down to arrange a meeting and a portfolio review on behalf of his son .
How they met
At the Polo Grounds Neil Leifer and Walter Iooss reminisce on their first encounter , thanks to parental involvement .
Iooss and Leifer really tell it best .
As a result of that meeting , Iooss started shooting for Sports Illustrated as well .
The competition began .
“ There was always a rivalry , ” Iooss said .
“ It ’s only normal because if you go the same event , whether it was the World Series or a big football game , everyone wanted the same thing , which were the pictures in the magazine . ”
The rivalry lasted through the ’60s and ’ 70s , when the two friends battled each other — and every other shooter — for the coveted S.I. cover and also the inside space .
After all , they both had families to feed .
“ The space rate was considerably better than the day rate , ” Leifer said .
“ Walter just did n’t miss .
He came back with something terrific every week .
Therefore , I had to be every bit as good or better if I wanted to hold my own . ”
He added , “ I like to think that things worked out pretty evenly , but I ’ve never kept score . ”
If it were a boxing match , it would be difficult to call .
Each is regarded as one of the great sports photographers .
Each has taken iconic pictures of the world ’s best athletes , on and off the field .
And each documented , with unprecedented access , a captivating figure of sports history : Leifer followed Muhammad Ali and Iooss , Michael Jordan .
“ So at least we each got one , ” Iooss said .
Iooss and Leifer were given access to these athletes because of their previous success and proven abilities , but their own careers and renown rose with that of their subjects .
And here ’s the dirty secret : it was easy .
“ Muhammad Ali made a hero out of every single journalist , ” Leifer said .
“ Whether you were a writer , a photographer , a television commentator , you got to cover Ali and your boss thought you were a genius .
The genius was really Ali . ”
Jordan was an equally photogenic subject for Iooss .
“ It was like traveling with a Biblical character with Michael because everyone in the world , at his peak , wanted to be with Michael and meet him in shake his hand , ” Iooss said .
“ And he had everything , you know , for a photographer .
It was like photographing a male model .
I always compared him to Elle MacPherson ” ( whom Iooss has also photographed for the S.I. swimsuit issue ) .
If you did n’t know their names before , you would certainly recognize the work of Leifer and Iooss through their images of these two athletes .
Maybe you have an inkjet printout on your wall of Ali gloating vertically over the more horizontal Sonny Liston , or perhaps an actual print — if you could justify spending more than $ 10,000 for it .
On your coffee table , you might have a copy of “ Rare Air , ” the comprehensive book Iooss put together from his time on the court , on the road and at home with Michael Jordan .
Or maybe you own a television set and have turned it on in the last 40 years .
Wherever you have seen their work , you have n’t seen it as immersively as you will at the Annenberg Space for Photography .
This is the third exhibit for the new museum and will consist of 80 prints ( 40 from each photographer ) in addition to 1,000 digital images that will be shown , with commentary from the photographers , on nine - foot - tall screens .
“ The Annenberg Space is not to be believed , ” Leifer said .
“ I was blown away the first time I saw it and I am ecstatic about the show . ”
He added , “ From everything I ’ve seen in dealing with the Annenberg people , they have very good judgment and taste . ”
The Annenberg Foundation , parent organization of the museum , wanted to curate an exhibit of sports photography that would stimulate conversation about society ’s collective fascination with sport .
The foundation chose Iooss and Leifer not only for their iconic photos , but also because they epitomized sport through their photography .
“ We recognized that the two of them were really fierce competitors , ” said Leonard Aube , executive director of the foundation .
But the two competitors left the field a long time ago .
Leifer left S.I. for a staff position at Time magazine in 1978 and shot over 40 cover stories there .
He left Time in 1990 to pursue a career in filmmaking — his current full - time occupation .
He will be discussing his most recent film , “ Dark Light : The Art of Blind Photographers , ” at the Annenberg Space in early February .
Iooss is still a sports photographer but has , since the early ’90s , moved away from action to portraiture — his streak of shooting all 43 Super Bowls notwithstanding .
He currently divides his time between Sports Illustrated , Golf Digest ( where his son , Christian , is the director of photography and his immediate supervisor ) , and playing golf — his latest athletic love affair .
The two have n’t vied for the same cover or double truck since the late ’ 70s .
The competition is over and , today , only the friendship remains .
“ The idea of Walter and I doing this together at this time in our careers and lives is so nice , ” Leifer said .
“ It ’s a real thrill .
I have so much respect for Walter and to be partnered with him in something like this is wonderful . ”
Let ’s call it a draw .
Video : YouTube , MP4 download , or Dotsub ( subtitles )
UPDATE : Interview with the groom !
On Sunday , a man named Sal9000 married the love of his life .
Her name is Nene Anegasaki , and she lives inside of a Nintendo DS video game called Love Plus .
The wedding took place during a Make : Japan meet - up held at the Tokyo Institute of Technology .
In attendance were a live audience , an MC , the bride 's virtual video game girlfriend — who made a speech — and a real human priest .
The event was livecast on Nico Nico Douga , a popular video sharing web site that I wrote about in Wired Magazine back in 2008 .
( Watch this clip of hot shot Wired folks making total fools of themselves on Nico Nico Douga . )
Nico Nico Douga is home to thousands of video projects by anonymous users — mashups of original art , pop music , anime , and web memes that only an insider to Japanese web geek culture can completely decipher .
Sal9000 is an active member of the Nico Nico Douga community , so it was important to him that his offbeat wedding ceremony was broadcast on the site .
The footage seen here of Sal and Nene tying the knot between real and virtual is a highly imaginative , multimedia project orchestrated by a guy determined to officiate his devotion to his video game , and to pay homage to the otaku subculture that nurtures this type of creativity .
Enjoy !
Indonesian authorities say four people are confirmed dead and 292 have been rescued after a ferry sank in Indonesia .
The Dumai Express was caught in bad weather as it was travelling from Batam Island to Pekanbaru in Sumatra .
It sank about 10:00 am ( local time ) , in the area where Australian customs ship the Oceanic Viking was anchored for almost a month .
The ship 's manifesto listed 213 passenger and 13 crew as being onboard .
There are many other boats in the area and fishermen have reported seeing many people in the sea .
While authorities are hopeful many people will be rescued as lifejackets are thrown to survivors , it is also true many Indonesians never learn to swim .
Sea transport director - general Sunaryo says the ship 's capacity was only 273 passengers and an investigation was underway to determine if overloading contributed to the accident .
" If it was overloaded that 's against the rules and we wo n't tolerate that , " he said .
" We will investigate if the ferry was fit to sail and if its documents were complete .
We 'll also check whether the ship 's captain and port master went ahead despite the bad weather or if the weather changed . "
Travel in large and small fast ferries is the main means of transport between the Riau Islands , Sumatra and Singapore .
About 335 people were killed in January when a ferry sank off Indonesia 's Sulawesi Island .
In December 2006 a ferry went down in a storm off the coast of Java , killing more than 500 people .
- ABC/AFP
On the weblog Dot Earth today , there is text from Michael Schlesinger , a climatologist at the University of Illinois , that presents analyses of long term surface temperature trends from NASA , NCDC and Japan as if these are from independent sets of data from the analysis of CRU .
Andy Revkin is perpetuating this myth in this write - up by not presenting the real fact that these analyses draw from the same original raw data .
While they may use only a subset of this raw data , the overlap has been estimated as about 90 - 95 % .
The unresolved problems with this surface data ( which , of course , applies to all four locations ) is reported in the peer reviewed paper
Pielke Sr. , R.A. , C. Davey , D. Niyogi , S. Fall , J. Steinweg - Woods , K. Hubbard , X. Lin , M. Cai , Y.- K. Lim , H. Li , J. Nielsen - Gammon , K. Gallo , R. Hale , R. Mahmood , S. Foster , R.T. McNider , and P. Blanken , 2007 : Unresolved issues with the assessment of multi-decadal global land surface temperature trends .
J. Geophys .
Res. , 112 , D24S08 , doi:10.1029/2006JD008229 .
I discuss this issue in my recent post
Further Comment On The Surface Temperature Data Used In The CRU , GISS And NCDC Analyses
where I document that even the CCSP 1.1. report acknowledged this lack of independence .
Andy Revkin ’s post on the surface temperature record data sets is not journalistically accurate .
SPRINGFIELD , Ill. , Dec. 24 ( UPI ) --
A conservative candidate for Illinois comptroller was ordered out of the state Capitol for trying to remove a sign placed by an atheist group , officials said .
William J. Kelly calls the sign , placed by the Freedom from Religion Foundation , " hate speech , " saying it mocks the views of believers , CBS2Chicago.com reported .
He announced Tuesday he was going to try to remove it and made his attempt Wednesday , only to be detained by police .
Advertisement
" I do n't think the State of Illinois has any business denigrating or mocking any religion , and I think that 's what the verbiage on the sign was doing , " Kelly said .
The foundation has placed similar signs in several state capitol buildings .
It was on display in the Illinois Capitol last year .
The group 's message reads : " At the time of the winter solstice , let reason prevail .
There are no gods , no devils , no angels , no heaven or hell .
There is only our natural world .
Religion is just myth and superstition that hardens hearts and enslaves minds . "
The Illinois holiday display includes a Christmas tree and nativity scene and a message from the American Civil Liberties Union that it supports freedom of religion .
A Jewish menorah was removed at the end of the Hanukkah festival .
By Ed Koch - November 18 , 2009
If General Stanley McChrystal 's request of President Obama for 40,000 additional troops for Afghanistan is to be met , the cost would be $ 40 billion to $ 54 billion a year , according to an internal government estimate published by The New York Times on November 15 .
The General originally requested 80,000 additional troops .
The Times reports , " The rough formula used by the White House , of about $ 1 million per soldier a year , appears almost constant . "
The same Times article quotes Congressman John Murtha ( D - PA ) , chairman of a subcommittee on defense appropriations , as saying that " total spending on the Iraq and Afghanistan wars would surge past $ 1 trillion next year , which could hamper the economy for years to come . "
It is almost a foregone conclusion that the president will not authorize the 40,000 soldiers requested , but in all probability , he will authorize a smaller number .
Any increase , as opposed to embarking upon an immediate exit strategy , would be a grave error .
As of October 15 , a plurality of Americans oppose the Afghanistan war , and for good reason .
In Afghanistan , we are propping up a corrupt administration where everything is for sale , and the government is mired in the drug trade .
Furthermore , the Karzai government is incompetent .
Despite years of training by U.S. forces , the Karzai regime 's army has no control over the country .
The Taliban currently controls much of Afghanistan , with President Karzai 's authority existing primarily in the capital of Kabul .
Apparently the Karzai government , with the support of the U.S. , is seeking to negotiate with the so - called " moderate " Taliban supporters and possibly bring them into the government .
President Obama has rightly decided to take his time to explore all options .
This is the moment he should take to examine the option of withdrawing from Afghanistan simultaneously with our scheduled withdrawal from Iraq .
It was John McCain who during the presidential campaign suggested that we could be in Iraq for another 50 years or more , an unwise statement to which candidate Obama strongly objected .
It was the Iraqi government which compelled the U.S. to agree to withdraw no later than December 31 , 2011 , and possibly before that date .
It is the U.S. Army that is giving consideration to beginning the withdrawal from Iraq in January of next year .
Why not apply that same schedule to Afghanistan ?
Some would say that the Taliban will be back in Kabul were we to withdraw by the beginning of next year .
They probably will even though the Karzai army is almost 200,000 strong , and the Taliban numbers are far fewer .
The difference is that members of the Taliban are motivated by religion , and the soldiers of the Afghan government are not motivated to defend their civil central government .
The Afghan army and Afghan police are universally perceived as grossly corrupt .
Should our young men die or suffer serious injuries to protect a society unwilling and unable to defend itself ?
If our army were comprised of draftees instead of volunteers , we would have already seen massive marches in the streets calling on the president to bring our soldiers home as was the case in the late 60s and 70s .
I believe that while our country on the domestic front in the congressional election next year will concentrate on the need for jobs , the public will also be marching to end the war and bring our troops home .
Bringing the troops home does not mean the terrorists have won .
The focus of our efforts should be the tribal areas of Pakistan where the Taliban and Al - Qaeda are entrenched and allegedly receive aid and comfort from parts of the Pakistan army and its intelligent services .
The terrorists undoubtedly hope ultimately to cause the Pakistan government to fall .
We now use drones and special forces to pursue the Taliban and Al - Qaeda in Pakistan .
We can continue to pursue those terrorists in both Pakistan and Afghanistan from offshore ships and missile launchers .
I believe that next year 's election will be decided on what each party proposes to do in Afghanistan .
If we Democrats expect to win , we will have to convince the public that we intend to bring our troops home .
If President Obama wants to pursue his expensive and expansive domestic programs , he will need to enhance his majorities or at least minimize the normal biennial congressional losses .
I urge him to signal his intention to bring our troops home soon .
There is n't much time left to demonstrate leadership and not appear to be dragged along .
The marches will soon begin .
Etherpad is a highly customizable Open Source online editor providing collaborative editing in really real - time .
255 Plugins 105 Languages Hundreds of Instances Millions of users
Collaborating in really real - time
No more sending your stuff back and forth via email , just set up a pad , share the link and start collaborating !
Etherpad allows you to edit documents collaboratively in real - time , much like a live multi-player editor that runs in your browser .
Write articles , press releases , to - do lists , etc. together with your friends , fellow students or colleagues , all working on the same document at the same time .
All instances provide access to all data through a well - documented API and support import / export to many major data exchange formats .
And if the built - in feature set is n't enough for you , there 's tons of plugins that allow you to customize your instance to suit your needs .
You do n't need to set up a server and install Etherpad in order to use it .
Just pick one of the publicly available instances that friendly people from everywhere around the world have set up .
Alternatively , you can set up your own instance by following our installation guide .
Add Functionalities Etherpad is very customizable through plugins .
Instructions can be found in the Etherpad is very customizable through plugins .
Instructions can be found in the plugin wiki article
Contribute Etherpad is an open source project .
Lots of passionate , helpful individuals have joined and voluntarily contributed every single bit throughout this project :
From this website through the documentation to the very core of the application .
So , if you like Etherpad and would like to give back some love , we 'd like to see your contributions !
It does n't matter how familiar you are with real - time applications , or whether you know how to write programs for Node.js .
There are plenty of ways to be helpful !
One of the first things you should do is actually use Etherpad , and get to know it - read about it , evangelise it , and engage with the wider community .
You can also translate the user interface to your mother tongue or learn how to write plugins .
Be creative !
If you 'd like to help , get in touch !
Also , the wiki is always a valuable resource .
Development workflow
The main development happens on GitHub .
To contribute , fork the main repo , branch off a feature branch from develop , make your changes and commit them , push to your fork and submit a pull request for ether / develop .
Once in a while we merge develop into master , which results in a new release .
This means you will always find the latest stable version in the master branch .
Customize Appearance
Links
Get in touch
What makes 2009 the Year of Ayn Rand is that there 's a growing acceptance of the author 's most stringent beliefs .
Her fans disregard that Rand hated compromise — and therefore politics .
She was an atheist and disdained libertarians , whom she deemed hippies and plagiarists .
( " Please do n't tell me they 're pursuing my goals , " Rand said in an interview .
" I have not asked for , nor do I accept , the help of intellectual cranks . " )
Nick Gillespie , editor - in - chief of Reason.com and Reason.tv , media with strong Randian roots , said Rand would probably hate her current moment in the spotlight .
" As much as she hated people , she saved her true ire for those who were actually fans of hers , " he said .
" To be prosecuted for child cruelty , and have it known among your neighbours and friends , is no small punishment in itself .
New York ( CNN ) -- A Brazilian court ordered Wednesday that 9 - year - old Sean Goldman be returned to the custody of his father , David , in the United States , but his Brazilian relatives were expected to try to block the order , a Brazilian official said .
Outside his home in New Jersey , David Goldman told reporters he was heartened by the news , but would not consider his efforts successful until he and his son are reunited .
He departed Wednesday night on a flight from John F. Kennedy International Airport for Rio de Janeiro .
" I 'm hopeful , " he said .
" I can't be optimistic because I 've gone down there so many times , always under the guise that the rule of law will be followed and Sean will come home to me and his family , and that does n't happen . "
The 3 - 0 ruling by the Federal Regional Tribunal in Rio de Janeiro upheld a June decision by the 16th Federal Court in Rio , which ordered Sean returned to his home in New Jersey in accordance with the 1980 Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of Child Abductions .
But a Brazilian official with knowledge of the case predicted Wednesday 's order would be appealed .
So far , the boy 's Brazilian family has filed 40 appeals , most of them procedural but one substantive .
The Brazilian high court is to take up any appeal on Thursday , said Rep. Chris Smith , R - New Jersey , who has been pressing the case for his constituent .
" Frankly , every possible nuance has been appealed by the other side , " he told CNN's " Situation Room . "
" Remember , this is an abducting family , they 're kidnappers , but they have had a great deal of sway with the court . "
The Supreme Court could still allow Sean Goldman to be returned to his father in the United States while it decides any appeal .
Goldman , a former model , said he had last spoken with his son in June , but they did not discuss the custody battle .
The case began in 2004 , when his wife , Bruna Bianchi , took their 4 - year - old son from their home in New Jersey to Rio de Janeiro for what was to have been a two - week vacation .
She never returned , instead remarrying there and retaining custody of their son .
She died last year in childbirth .
Goldman has argued that , as the sole surviving parent , he should be granted custody .
But the boy 's stepfather and his other Brazilian relatives have argued that it would be traumatizing to the boy to remove him from what has been his home for most of his life .
The case has drawn high - profile input , including pressure for the boy 's return from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who said Wednesday in a statement that she was pleased to hear about the decision .
" We appreciate the assistance and cooperation of the government of Brazil in upholding its obligations under the Hague Convention on International Child Abduction , " she said .
" And it is my hope that this long legal process is now complete and that the Goldman family will be reunited quickly . "
CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Adam Reiss contributed to this story .
Two days after an under - construction bridge collapsed in the Chambal river in Kota district of Rajasthan , the death toll of labourers trapped in the debris went up to 28 on Saturday with the recovery of 19 more bodies .
Two officials arrested in connection with the mishap were remanded by a court to police custody for five days .
Rescuers continued to search for about 50 persons missing since Thursday when the bridge , under construction as part of the proposed East - West Corridor on National Highway No. 76 , caved in .
Those feared trapped in the debris include an engineer working with South Korean company Hyundai Engineering , which is one of the two firms jointly engaged in the construction .
The two arrested officials – J. Y .
Hue , chief project manager of Hyundai , and R. Chattopadhyay , deputy project manager of Gammon India – were produced before a Judicial Magistrate in the city , who sent them to five - day police remand .
Both of them have been lodged at Kunhari police station .
Police have also registered a case against 14 officials of Hyundai and Gammon in connection with the mishap and prima facie found them guilty of negligence .
The main case has been registered under Sections 304 ( culpable homicide not amounting to murder ) and 308 ( attempt to commit culpable homicide ) of Indian Penal Code .
State Public Works Department Minister Pramod Jain Bhaya was camping at the site , where a rescue team comprising about 500 policemen , labourers , Army jawans and naval divers was engaged in the search operations .
Over a dozen calamity relief management experts from neighbouring Gujarat have also joined the rescue work .
The district administration has established a control room at the Collectorate in Kota .
The bodies of 20 victims were identified by their relatives and arrangements were being made to send them to their native places .
In addition to the 45 workers mentioned in the list provided by the two construction companies to the administration , there were reportedly several casual labourers working at the site , who plunged into the river with the sudden collapse of 150 - foot - long portion of the massive structure from a height of 50 metres .
Most of them hailed from Uttar Pradesh , Bihar , Orissa and Punjab .
The authorities looking after the relief operations were considering late on Friday evening whether to demolish a hanging portion of the bridge , as it was tilting and could pose a threat to the ongoing rescue efforts .
A group of experts attached to Hyundai was likely to arrive at the site in the night to give advice for a final decision in this regard .
Union Minister of State for Surface Transport Mahadev Singh Khandela , who visited the mishap site on Friday , said the construction companies would be blacklisted if a joint inquiry by the National Highway Authority of India ( NHAI ) and the State government found any deficiency in their work .
He said the construction of the bridge was running “ almost a year behind schedule ” .
Hyundai to sue Gammon
Meanwhile , Malaysian news agency Bernama reported from Seoul , South Korea , on Saturday that Hyundai Engineering had announced that it would file a suit for damages against Gammon India , which is its partner in the construction of the bridge .
HSINCHU , Taiwan —
Walking along a rushing stream in Hsinchu , Hilda Chu balanced an umbrella in one hand and textbooks in the other .
Her skin was ghostly white .
“ I try hard to make my skin white , ” said Chu , 18 , a student at National Tsing Hua University .
“ If my skin is lighter , I will be happier because I think I look good .
It makes my emotion better , yes . ”
She 's hardly alone .
Asians spend an estimated $ 18 billion a year to appear pale .
“ Asians like white skin , " said Dr. Hsieh Ya Ju , a dermatologist at MacKay Memorial Hospital in Hsingchu , who sees about 25 patients a day .
Outside Hsieh ’s office , four middle - aged chalky - skinned women sat patiently awaiting treatments that cost $ 300 to $ 500 per session .
They are there to take pills that Hsieh says will help their skin turn white .
Doctors in Taiwan also use lasers , creams , surgeries and other means to lighten skin .
Nydia Lin , a senior executive in Taiwan for Japanese cosmetics giant Shisedo , said as many as 50 percent of Taiwanese women ( and growing numbers of men ) are paying big money to medically alter their golden exteriors .
“ We promote the idea of whitening .
Especially in Taiwan we see many beautiful idols on TV and they are all focused on their whitening skin .
As the Chinese say , ‘ You can cover all your defective parts if you are white . ' ”
Variations of that slogan are heard throughout Asia , with the most common translation being , " One white can cover up three ugliness . ”
According to a 2004 study by global marketing firm Synovate , nearly 40 percent of women in Taiwan , Hong Kong , South Korea , Malaysia and the Philippines used skin whitening and lightening products that year .
Asian skin whitening has a tradition that stretches back centuries .
" The feminine ideal during the Han period for women of the court was almost unearthly white , white skin .
Moon - like roundish faces , long black hair .
You can see how a culture that maintained that as an early ideal might continue with an ideal that light skin equals beauty , " said Anne Rose Kitagawa , assistant curator of Japanese art at Harvard ’s Sackler Museum .
Asia ’s obsession with whiteness is also a reflection of economic status .
" Those who had skin burnt by the sun were working in the fields , therefore , the whitening of the skin was a reflection of labor status , ” said University of Houston historian Gerald Horne .
Horne also points to a political angle , shaped by the Allies ' victory in World War II .
“ An aspiration of many in Asia toward whiteness is a reflection of the idea that the North Atlantic Powers were the quote — winners — unquote , and therefore they need to be imitated . ”
But Chao-uan Tsen , of the Taipei womens ' rights organization Awakening Foundation , said the whitening trend is a form of self hatred .
“ The beauty industries in Taiwan emphasize different skin tones and say that if you can be as white as Japanese women you can be as beautiful as a cherry blossom .
This kind of image which they create does n’t make women any happier .
It actually creates more anxiety . ”
Moreover , there are medical downsides to seeking lighter skin .
That 's especially true for those who can't afford expensive treatments , such as poor women using illegal bleaches and creams containing mercuric chloride that have left them disfigured .
Skin whitening can be dangerous for other reasons too , including the loss of melanin .
“ The whiter they become the more chances they will be subjected to skin damage and skin cancer , " said Dr. Ernesto Gonzalez , director of international dermatology training at Boston ’s Massachusetts General Hospital .
Medical concerns aside , Taiwanese student Hilda
Chu views skin whitening as a practical response to society ’s pressures : “ My future employers like white skin more , ” she says simply .
Editor 's note :
The caption of the photo on this story was changed to more accurately reflect the photo .
UPDATE : Video surfaces of hurled figurine smacking into Berlusconi ’s face
( video at bottom plays automatically — clip of Italian PM being struck is within first few seconds )
Even the elite are mortal .
During an appearance in Milan on Sunday , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi was hit in the face by a statuette , allegedly hurled by a man in the crowd .
The missile fractured his nose , broke two of his teeth and injured his lip , according to the Associated Press .
ADVERTISEMENT
Photographs and video from the scene of near - pandemonium show the embattled 73 - year - old lawmaker struggling to get into his vehicle as his entourage tried to keep protesters at bay .
The whole time , his mouth was slick with blood , a cut on his upper lip quite apparent .
After he was in the car , he climbed back out and looked at the crowd , but did not say a word .
Berlusconi ’s bodyguards quickly pulled him back inside and he was rushed away .
An initial report said Berlusconi had been hit by a flung object , but Italian media cited police in reporting that a man punched the prime minister while holding a figurine .
Video later surfaced of a fast - moving object striking the left side of the Berlusconi ’s face .
Police took a suspect into custody almost immediately .
The man was identified as Massimo Tartaglia , 42 .
Berlusconi ’s doctors told media they have decided to keep the prime minister in the hospital overnight for observation .
His speech in Milan had been marked by loud protesters in the crowd .
Aided by the sound system at the venue , he drowned them out , but police later intervened in fights between the hecklers and security staff .
ADVERTISEMENT
Berlusconi , who has come under increasing pressure in recent weeks , dismissed as “ a farce ” on Friday accusations of mafia ties made by a turncoat criminal at an Italian court .
His third term as Italy ’s prime minister began in May 2008 .
This video is from Italian station La Sul 7 , published to the Web on Dec. 13 , 2009 .
( Video plays automatically . )
ADVERTISEMENT
Mediaite snagged the following video , broadcast by Italian state television on Sunday , Dec. 13 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video was captured from Italian television on Sunday , Dec. 10 , 2009 .
ADVERTISEMENT
With AFP
A prior version of this report cited Italian media in claiming Berlusconi had been “ punched ” in the face .
( NaturalNews )
Resounding evidence proving the effectiveness of vitamin D in slowing the onset of breast , colon , and other cancers is convincing a growing body of doctors and physicians to utilize the sunshine vitamin in their arsenal of cancer treatment weapons .
In the last several years , numerous epidemiological studies have illustrated the correlation between vitamin D deficiency and serious disease , including cancer .
Researchers are now focusing attention on elevated levels of " therapeutic " vitamin D , far above the government 's daily recommended amounts , for use in disease treatment and prevention .
Oncologist Tracey O'Connor from the Roswell Park Cancer Institute in Buffalo has stated that she is now having all her patients supplement with vitamin D. Since vitamin D carries no risk unless taken at enormously high amounts above and beyond what any normal person would ingest , it can only benefit those who are already healthy by preventing disease , as well as those who are sick .
Recent studies have also shown that the general public is grossly deficient in vitamin D .
Those with debilitating diseases have been found to be the most deficient , indicating a clear correlation between deficiency and the onset of disease .
O'Connor pointed out that among women with breast cancer , aboutCurrent research is suggesting that healthy doses of vitamin D require a several - thousand IU daily intake rather than the two - to six - hundred IU dose that has typically been recommended .
While these lower levels may prevent rickets , they do little or nothing to prevent the development of many common ailments that have become prevalent in modern society .
Natural sunlight is the best way to obtain vitamin D throughout the warm months of the year .
The precursor to vitamin D , ultraviolet light from the sun is absorbed into the skin where it is converted into this life - giving vitamin .
The body knows when it has received enough for the day and shuts off production at the proper time , eliminating the risk of generating too much .
Vitamin D3 is the next best option as it is a natural plant form of vitamin D that is readily absorbed by the body .
Advocacy groups and physicians recommend anywhere from 1,000 to 50,000 IU a day of vitamin D3 depending upon a person 's condition .
Healthy individuals typically do well taking between 2,000 and 10,000 IU a day while someone with cancer might be prescribed as much as 50,000 IU a day as part of a cancer treatment plan .
For more half a century paranoid fantasies about flying saucers , little green men and alien invasions were officially indulged by the existence of a department within the Ministry of Defence that investigated UFO sightings .
But after more than 11,000 sightings spawning countless conspiracy theories , the department has been scrapped .
The UFO hotline is no more .
In these tough economic times the MoD concluded that investigating UFO sightings can no longer be justified .
It was diverting resources an MoD statement said .
Are we alone in the universe ?
The MoD does n't care any more .
When you ring the old hotline number , you get a terse recorded message , which you can listen to here :
" Please note it is no longer MoD policy to record , respond to , or investigate UFO sightings , " it says .
An MoD statement on the matter is a little more expansive .
It says : " The MoD has no opinion on the existence or otherwise of extra - terrestrial life .
However , in over 50 years , no UFO report has revealed any evidence of a potential threat to the United Kingdom . "
Nick Pope who ran the UFO project in early 1990s said the decision to scrap it was " outrageous " .
Speaking to the Sun , which broke the story , he said : " We 're leaving ourselves wide open to terrorist attack . "
The last major UFO scare in Britain earlier this year involved claims that aliens had destroyed windturbines in Lincolnshire , after sightings of " massive balls of light " .
But then a " local blogger for a small newspaper group " revealed that her family had hosted a fireworks party in the area .
At the time Pope said : " Even if there is a terrestrial explanation in this case , that wo n't be the end of our fascination with UFOs . "
The same could be said for the scrapping of the UFO project .
Just do n't call the MoD .
The 37signals manifesto was our original site from 1999 - 2001 .
It 's a collection of 37 nuggets of online philosophy and design wisdom .
It 's a great introduction to the 37signals ' school of thought and a fun , quick read to boot .
By taking world in our stride with focused on design & development of web , Mobile & IT related services , our varied clientele crosses 100 - plus mark by delivering thousands of successful products to start - up to small enterprises and from mid-level to fortune 1000 companies .
Wikipedia - Debatte Hilferuf aus dem Maschinenraum
Wikipedia wird zensiert von Besserwissern , die entscheiden wollen , was wichtig ist und was nicht - sagen die Kritiker der Online - Enzyklopädie .
Das stimmt nicht , sagt Ur - Wikipedianer Kurt Jansson : Es mangelt nicht an Vielfalt .
Sondern an Menschen , die bereit sind , die Dreckarbeit zu machen .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel demanded Britain change its law on Tuesday after reports that ex-foreign minister Tzipi Livni would have risked arrest on war crimes charges over last year ’s Gaza offensive , had she not canceled a visit to London .
The legal jeopardy faced by Israeli politicians and military officers could damage Britain ’s efforts to play a role in Middle East peacemaking , Israel ’s Foreign Ministry said after British media reported a magistrate had issued an arrest warrant for Livni at the behest of lawyers acting for Palestinians in Gaza .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement he rejected “ this absurdity , ” which was ultimately aimed at impairing Israel ’s ability to defend itself .
Netanyahu ’s national security adviser and the Foreign Ministry summoned the British ambassador to convey their dismay .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband said the government was determined to protect its close ties with Israel .
“ Israeli leaders , like leaders from other countries , must be able to visit and have a proper dialogue with the British government , ” he said in a statement .
“ The procedure by which arrest warrants can be sought and issued without any prior knowledge or advice by a prosecutor is an unusual feature of the system in England and Wales , ” he added .
“ The government is looking urgently at ways in which the U.K. system might be changed in order to avoid this sort of situation arising again . ”
The warrant is the latest in a series of incidents to make life uncomfortable for senior Israelis in Britain in recent years .
It was withdrawn , British media said , after Livni , now leader of the opposition , canceled plans to attend a meeting last weekend .
“ NATURAL OBSTACLE ”
The Israeli Foreign Ministry said : “ A lack of immediate and decisive action to amend the anomalies harms relations between the two countries .
“ If Israeli leaders cannot visit Britain in an appropriate and respectable manner it will be a natural obstacle to Britain ’s wish to fulfill an active role in the Middle East peace process . ”
Livni herself , whose low domestic profile has been given a boost by the controversy , brushed off the arrest warrant in a speech in Tel Aviv in which she defended her actions in Gaza .
“ Israel had to do the right thing -- condemnation or no condemnation , statements or no statements , arrest warrants or no arrest warrants .
This is the role of a leadership , ” she said .
Last month , British ambassador Tom Phillips told a group of Israelis concerned at what they called a sharp rise in hostility to the Jewish state in Britain that the government did not support court action against Israeli leaders , but was bound by existing laws .
He indicated it was considering curbing courts ’ powers to issue such warrants for the arrest of foreign officials .
However , he said Israel ’s Gaza offensive a year ago , which caused public dismay in Britain at the hundreds of deaths of Palestinian civilians , had made it more difficult for the government to legislate for that .
International human rights bodies , including a commission set up by the United Nations , have said Israeli political and military officials should answer allegations of war crimes over the three - week offensive launched on December 27 .
More than 1,400 Palestinians were killed , while the toll on the Israel side was 13 .
Israel said it acted according to high military and moral standards during the war .
( Additional reporting by Alastair Macdonald in Jerusalem , Dan Williams in Tel Aviv and Kylie MacLellan in London ; Editing by Alastair Macdonald and Andrew Dobbie )
It was the Kangaroo testicles that did it .
Katie Price , historically not that adverse to testicles in general , left the set of I'm A Celebrity ...
Get Me Out of
Here last night complaining of being singled out by a public only too happy to force her to ingest various Kangaroo private parts , or be lowered into a pit of pythons .
In fact , Price was subjected to SEVEN Bushtucker Trials in a row in what seems to be some sort of ritualistic punishment prescribed to her by the viewing public .
At 3 am today Irish time , an official spokesman for ITV said " I can confirm that Katie Price has left the jungle " , in spite of officials pleading with the glamour model for more than two hours to stay and fulfil her contractual obligations .
" Please , I 've had enough .
Everyone else , give them something to do .
You 've seen me struggle , you 've seen me cry , shake , want to die " , Price pleaded over the weekend with what is sure to be the chorus to her first post - jungle single .
" I really do n't want to be doing this .
I miss my children .
I 'm hungry . "
" Oh , you 're hungry are you ? " screamed the British public en masse .
" Here , you can eat Skippy 's balls .
Problem solved . "
Earlier in the weekend she pleaded with viewers to stop voting for her , but that was seen as more of a call to arms than anything else .
The public refused to relent , simply marvelling in their collective power to be able to subject Jordan to various degrees of indignation on live television .
Dump Peter Andre , will you ?!
Okay , we 'll make you drink some crushed beetles .
Do n't mess with us sweetheart , we 've got phone lines and we 're not afraid to use 'em .
The knock on effect of this saga is that the show 's rating will plummet considerably now that Jordan is n't there anymore to prance around in a bikini and put random things in her mouth .
That is of course until the show 's producers realise this and drown Samantha Fox in a vat of crocodile piss on live television .
- John Balfe
The latest on how the police found the missing baby girl on tonight 's " Nancy Grace " , HLN 8 p.m. ET
( CNN ) -- A 7 - month - old baby was locked in a 2 - by - 3 foot cedar chest hidden underneath her aunt 's bed for 12 hours before police found her Wednesday night , a Florida sheriff said Thursday .
Shannon Lee Dedrick , who had been reported missing four days earlier , is in good condition , Washington County Sheriff Bobby Haddock said
" There was no bottle , just a blanket to cover [ her ] , " Haddock said .
" She was healthy ... she was just wide open and surprised . "
Police think Crystina Lynn Mercer gave her daughter to the baby 's paternal aunt , Susan Baker , a day before reporting her missing , Haddock said .
Both women have been charged in connection with the incident .
Baker , who also babysits the child , met with Mercer on Friday and asked if she could permanently take custody of the infant , Haddock said .
" Susan Baker took custody of Shannon from her mother sometime in the hours of October 31st , " he said .
That morning , Mercer reported her baby missing to police .
Both women have been charged with interference of child custody , a third - degree felony .
They also were charged with making a false report of a missing child , a false report of a crime and contributing to the delinquency of a child , all misdemeanor charges .
Mercer has been charged with desertion of a child , and Baker has been charged with child neglect with aggravated circumstances , both felony charges .
Haddock offered no suspected motive .
Baker 's husband was also in custody , but he was released without being charged , Haddock said .
This guest post was written by Sid Savara , author of Analysis Driven Personal Development .
Day One
The very first day of class , I walked in and addressed my students .
“ You will be graded on your homework , weekly quizzes and two exams .
I do not play favorites , I do not grant extensions , and I do not grade on a curve . ”
One hand shot up “ Is it true that less than half of your students pass ? ”
“ Yes , that ’s true .
Last semester out of 17 students , 5 earned a B or better .
You are welcome to switch sections if you want . ”
Four of the students got up and left , but Albert , somewhat surprisingly remained .
Albert was one of my students last semester .
Last semester he was n’t doing too well , and I told him he may be better off dropping the class – but he stuck it out to the end , and earned a D for his efforts .
I spoke to him after class again today , and he assured me this semester was going to be different .
He was determined to do better .
Albert came in for office hours , frequently emailed me for help and struggled with the material .
He did better , but continued to have difficulty with some of the same concepts he had struggled with the previous semester .
In the end , things did turn out differently .
Instead of a D , Albert had earned a C , when a B was required to continue to the next level .
He would have to repeat Introduction to Computer Science for a third time .
The Next Semester
The following semester I had a batch of 15 students – Albert among them .
I gave them the usual speech , a few switched sections , but Albert stayed in his seat .
I puled him aside after class .
“ Albert , I hope you understand the situation .
You could easily pass this class if you took a different section .
You know that I grade strictly , I do n’t accept late work , and I do n’t grade on a curve .
Are you sure you want to remain in my section – or would you rather switch ? ”
“ You know , I appreciate your concern Sid. I ’ll think about it ” he said .
The next week he was back in class – my class .
Albert was in my section to stay , but I was n’t going to go easy on him just because it was his third time .
In some ways , I was even harder on him .
He was focused and tried hard , but he was no model student .
His grades fluctuated from Ds to Bs , and I had to have the old mid-semester “ Do you want to drop out ? ” talk with him once again .
Once again , he opted to stay for the whole semester rather than take the incomplete .
Finally , this was to be his semester – he barely earned his B . I was proud of him – and a bit relieved I would n’t have him repeating my class a fourth time .
My Class Grows
After Albert made it out of my class , something interesting happened .
A couple semesters later my section started to grow , and I soon had to turn people away because my section was full .
Why would people continue to sign up for my section when they knew they I was a harsh grader , and they stood a better chance of passing in a different class ?
I asked them , and learned that Albert had recommended me .
Apparently , he was doing well in the upper level courses and when people asked him why , he told them he had learned a lot from being my student .
I had to go find out for myself what was going on .
Why did n’t you just switch ?
I learned that Albert was n’t just doing well in courses – he was now tutoring undergraduates in computer science .
I caught up with him one day , and asked him for the full story .
He told me that as classmates struggled in the higher level classes , he was so thankful I had been hard on him and forced him to really learn the introductory material without passing him along .
By letting him struggle , when he actually passed my course he knew he was ready for the next level , and that confidence helped motivate him in future classes .
Because I was so harsh on him in his introductory courses , it did n’t faze him when later professors were strict with deadlines , because he was already used to it .
“ I appreciate that , but you did n’t need three semesters to leaern that .
Why did n’t you just switch sections your second semester instead of repeating my section over and over ? ” I asked him .
“ I gave you the chance to switch twice , and you know you could have passed in a different section . ”
“ I know , ” he said , ” but I needed to know that I had what it takes . ”
“ If you can find a path with no obstacles ,
it probably does n’t lead anywhere . ”
– Frank A. Clark
Conclusion
Albert may have learned a thing or two about computer science from me , but I learned a valuable life lesson from him .
He already knew the value of hard work and persistence , but having him as my student has taught me that when you expect the best out of people , they ’ll give you their best .
People do n’t want to be coddled , and they do n’t want rewards they do n’t deserve .
Just like Albert , many of us have the potential to accomplish great things , and will willingly struggle against obstacles time and time again .
We struggle because we believe the journey is worth it .
We struggle because we want to improve ourselves .
We struggle because we know we have what it takes .
Sid Savara is the author of Analysis Driven Personal Development , a blog where he discusses personal development , lifehacking and personal productivity .
For more inspiration , sign up for his newsletter and receive a free copy of The Little Book Of Big Motivational Quotes .
Oral Roberts , a dirt - poor Oklahoma farm boy who popularized the idea of a “ prosperity gospel ” while becoming one of the world ’s most recognizable televangelists , died Tuesday .
He was 91 .
Roberts , founder of the university in Tulsa , Okla . , that is named after him , died from complications of pneumonia at a Newport Beach hospital , family spokeswoman Melany Ethridge said .
He had suffered a fall over the weekend .
Roberts pioneered the use of television and computerized databases to spread the Gospel and raise hundreds of millions of dollars -- a formula followed today by numerous other ministries .
Using sophisticated and relentless direct - mail campaigns , Roberts asserted that God generously rewarded financial acts of faith performed in God ’s name .
This credo became known as the “ prosperity gospel . ”
Advertisement
“ It gives people hope and expectation that seeds sown to God will be multiplied back in every area of life , ” Roberts wrote in his 1995 autobiography , “ Expect a Miracle : My Life and Ministry . ”
Roberts brought Pentecostalism -- which promotes charismatic worship including faith healings and talking in tongues -- to the American mainstream , giving it a newfound sense of legitimacy among the middle class and within other denominations .
“ More than any other person , he should be credited with starting the charismatic movement in mainline religion , ” said Vinson Synan , dean of the divinity school at Regent University in Virginia and a historian of the Pentecostal movement .
“ He brought [ divine ] healing into the American consciousness . ”
Worldwide , the charismatic branch of Christianity -- now found in mainstream denominations as well as Pentecostalism -- grew from an estimated 20 million to 600 million during Roberts ’ seven decades of ministry .
His international broadcasts and crusades deserve a large part of the credit for the increase , Christian scholars said .
Advertisement
“ With the passing of Oral Roberts the world has lost one of the most inspiring voices for Christ of this century , ” Robert H. Schuller , founding pastor of the Crystal Cathedral in Garden Grove , said in a statement .
“ Twentieth century history of Christianity will name Oral Roberts as the voice that brought the Pentecostal movement to be taken seriously by mainline Christianity . ”
In the 1970s , Roberts ’ prime - time TV specials drew 40 million viewers , and he appeared frequently on talk shows hosted by Johnny Carson , Dinah Shore and Merv Griffin .
The preacher also had a half - hour program -- “ Something Good Is Going to Happen to You ” -- that aired Sundays .
By 1980 , Roberts was recognized by 84 % of Americans , close behind the sitting U.S. president and fellow evangelist Billy Graham and 40 points ahead of the next religious figure .
“ Not bad , ” he once said , “ for a poor boy with a speech impediment who was supposed to die of tuberculosis before he was 20 . ”
Advertisement
At the time of his death , however , Roberts ’ ministry and celebrity had been in decline for years , a drop - off accelerated by a prophecy the preacher made 22 years ago that “ God will call me home ” unless $ 8 million was raised for scholarships to Oral Roberts University by March 31 , 1987 .
The money was raised , but by then Roberts had become a figure of ridicule to many inside and outside the Christian world .
With dwindling revenues -- they once stood at more than $ 100 million a year -- the televangelist was forced in 1989 to downsize his ministry , laying off 250 employees , closing Tulsa ’s City of Faith medical center and an adjoining medical school , and selling vacation homes and luxury cars to raise money .
A heart attack in 1992 forced him into semi-retirement , though he remained the chancellor of the university .
He spent most of his final years in a Newport Beach condominium with his wife , Evelyn , who died in April 2005 .
They had been married 66 years .
Advertisement
Humble beginnings
Granville Oral Roberts , the youngest of five children , was born in a log cabin near Ada , Okla . , on Jan. 24 , 1918 , the son of a part - time preacher and farmer .
His mother was part Cherokee .
Roberts was raised in a Pentecostal - flavored Methodist church , and the family later joined the Pentecostal Holiness Church .
He contracted tuberculosis as a teenager and spent five months bedridden before his family took him on a mattress to a healing service at a tent revival .
It was there , Roberts reported in his autobiography , that he was healed of TB and his stutter and that he first heard God ’s plan for his life : “ Son , I am going to heal you , and you are to take my healing power to your generation .
You are to build me a university and build it on my authority and the Holy Spirit . ”
Advertisement
In 1936 , the 18 - year - old Roberts began preaching at revivals as a minister for the Pentecostal Holiness Church .
Two years later , he married Evelyn Lutman , a union that produced two sons and two daughters .
For nearly a decade , Roberts pastored several Oklahoma churches and preached at revivals while attending college .
Then , he said , God spoke to him again , telling him not to be like other men but to “ heal the people as He did . ”
Roberts said he could feel the power to heal by the tingling of his right hand .
His first healing service drew 1,200 people , and a few weeks later a healing revival in Tulsa attracted enough people to be extended for nine weeks .
Anecdotal evidence of Roberts ’ reputed healings made news as many of his followers claimed their ailments had disappeared during a revival .
At his first healing service , a German woman reportedly said her right hand , crippled for 38 years , had been restored .
Another evening , a blind man is said to have shouted , “ I can see !
I can see ! ”
Advertisement
During his ministry , no scientific studies confirmed the evangelist ’s ability to heal .
Roberts soon began filling up stadiums or huge tents with as many as 25,000 believers .
In a pattern that would continue over the years , his healing ministry was attacked by the media , skeptics and mainstream denominations .
In 1950 , Roberts took a big step toward the mainstream of American Christianity when he was invited to say the opening prayer at a Billy Graham crusade after a chance meeting of the preachers at a hotel in Portland , Ore .
Advertisement
“ Graham ’s personal kindness , his glad and wholesome embrace of a fellow Christian , placed Oral momentarily in a larger , more respectable , world than he had ever imagined he could be a part of , ” according to the 1985 biography “ Oral Roberts : An American Life ” by David Edwin Harrell Jr .
The preachers remained cordial over the years , though Roberts could never match the good press that Graham received .
Roberts came in for criticism in the 1950s when , occasionally , a worshiper would die during a crusade .
Ministry spokesmen said the deaths were not unusual considering how many sick people were in attendance .
The minister was controversial for other reasons as well .
In the days of segregation , Roberts , like Graham , insisted that black and white worshipers sit together , a progressive policy he said brought him death threats .
Advertisement
“ We did n’t think of being ahead of our time , ” Roberts recalled .
In 1954 , Roberts became one of the first televangelists , taping his crusades and then airing them on TV stations across the nation .
Within a year , his programs were being carried by more than 200 stations .
At the end of each show , Roberts did n’t ask for money but told viewers to send a letter to Oral Roberts , Tulsa , Okla .
One of the challenges of his booming enterprise was how to handle the thousands of letters that poured in each week .
Again a trailblazer , he worked with IBM to develop one of the first computerized systems to immediately send out seemingly personalized letters .
Advertisement
Among the projects he financed this way was what was initially called the Oral Roberts University of Evangelism .
His original idea was to train foreign students to spread the Gospel throughout the world .
That evolved into a vision of a full - scale university that would combine Bible teaching with academic and athletic programs .
Oral Roberts University opened in 1965 with 300 freshmen , and in 1971 the 263 - acre college was accredited .
Changing denominations
As the end of the 1960s approached , Roberts ’ crusades drew dwindling numbers .
A final blow came in 1968 , when Roberts shocked his followers -- and the Pentecostal Holiness Church , sponsor of his events -- by becoming a Methodist minister .
Advertisement
His shift to the Methodists allowed him more leeway in mixing secular elements like dancing into his television shows and represented another move toward the mainstream and a larger flock to lead .
Roberts ended his crusades and his long - running television show in 1968 .
The following year , he launched one - hour prime - time specials centered around celebrities such as Pat Boone , Dale Evans , Anita Bryant , Robert Goulet , and Johnny and June Carter Cash .
Although many of Roberts ’ longtime supporters were appalled by what they saw as the secularization of Christianity , within three years nearly 40 million viewers were tuning in to the prime - time specials and they , along with his weekly Sunday show , generated 760,000 letters a month -- a gold mine of potential donors who were added to Roberts ’ increasingly sophisticated direct - mail database .
By this time , he had abandoned the flashy suits of his tent revival days in favor of tailored clothes .
Advertisement
In 1970 , he published “ The Miracle of Seed - Faith , ” which promised financial riches for those who gave to God -- which he called planting a seed of faith .
In 1975 , Roberts announced plans for the university to build medical , dental and law schools .
The annual budget for Oral Roberts Evangelical Assn. -- his umbrella organization -- approached $ 40 million .
But the first of a series of family tragedies struck in 1977 when Roberts ’ 37 - year - old daughter , Rebecca , and her husband , Marshall Nash , died in a plane crash , leaving three children .
Roberts used the accident -- critics said in a calculating way -- in announcing plans for the City of Faith , his vision for a hospital , clinic and diagnostic and medical research centers that would merge medicine and prayer .
Advertisement
He struggled to raise money for the complex , which opened while still under construction in 1982 and was completed six years later .
By that time , according to some estimates , its original price tag had doubled to $ 400 million and operating costs were high .
During one stretch in 1980 when funds were scarce , Roberts told donors about a vision he had while looking at the construction site .
“ I felt an overwhelming holy presence all around me , ” Roberts recalled .
“ When I opened my eyes , there He stood some 900 feet tall , looking at me .
There I was face - to - face with Jesus Christ , the Son of the Living God . ”
Posters promptly popped up in Tulsa showing a traffic sign that read , “ 900 ft. Jesus Xing . ”
Columnists , political cartoonists and comics all poked fun at Roberts ’ vision .
Even many Christians expressed embarrassment or outrage .
Advertisement
The same year the City of Faith opened , Roberts ’ oldest son , Ronnie , committed suicide after battling drugs and alcohol .
Two years later , a grandson named for Roberts died shortly after birth , despite the minister ’s bedside prayers .
He had other problems during this time as well .
In 1979 , a former employee wrote a tell - all book -- “ Give Me That Old - Time Religion ” -- about , among other things , the preacher ’s expensive personal tastes : Italian suits , diamond rings , a private jet , luxury homes , fancy cars , country club memberships .
In 1983 , former daughter - in - law Patti Roberts published a book in which she spoke of “ huge amounts of money ” made available to her and her former husband Richard through the ministry .
Advertisement
At the same time , those close to Oral Roberts saw something else : the mellowing of a hard - driving man .
“ He has known suffering in a very , very deep dimension , ” longtime friend Charles Farah told biographer Harrell .
“ There is something to the suffering of a human being that purifies him . ”
Despite negative publicity and declining TV ratings , by the mid-1980s Roberts ’ organization was raising more than $ 100 million annually and employing 2,300 people .
However , he still struggled to cover his ministry ’s huge expenses , and in 1987 , he made his “ God will call me home ” fund - raising plea to raise $ 8 million for medical school scholarships at the university .
The dental school was closed in 1987 , and two years later the medical school and City of Faith medical center complex were shuttered .
Although his ministries were not implicated , the televangelist scandals of the 1980s also hurt Roberts ’ organization .
Advertisement
After his 1992 heart attack , he turned over the presidency of the university to his son Richard .
But Richard Roberts resigned in 2007 amid allegations that he had spent university money on personal expenses at a time when the school was deeply in debt .
The elder Roberts continued to speak at charismatic churches and appear on televangelists ’ programs , especially those of fellow faith healer Benny Hinn .
It was a quiet coda to a life that had unfolded in front of millions .
“ All of Oral Roberts ’ life was controlled by two primal drives -- a relentless restlessness and a sense of divine calling , ” wrote biographer Harrell .
“ They were perhaps the same drive in secular and religious versions . ”
Advertisement
Roberts is survived by his son , Richard ; his daughter , Roberta Potts of Tulsa ; 12 grandchildren ; and several great - grandchildren .
The funeral will be private , with plans for a public memorial service pending .
His family requests donations to the Oral Roberts Ministry Healing Missions Fund , P.O. 2187 , Tulsa , OK 74102 , or online at www.oralroberts.com.
Lobdell is a former Times staff writer .
news.obits@latimes.com
Table talk is how grandpa knocked a Soviet helicopter out of the sky with a rocket launcher .
No empire could ever resist taking a stab at the unbeaten champs for resisting subjugation , betting that it had figured out something the previous empire had n't .
Every time Afghans have shown that they 're just plain tougher , braver , and more tenacious fighters than the occupiers , as brave and tenacious as the occupiers may be .
As a U.S. Army captain told me , " All the dumb ones are dead .
What 's left are crack , natural fighters . "
He 's against an escalation .
In 2001 Special Forces was astonished to see them hopping across rocks on mountainsides with their rocket launchers like goats , barefoot .
In the snow .
A country with 30 million people , after 30 years of war , in Afghanistan , if you are alive , you are already a survivor .
Moyers proposes making the war " our war . "
By the Pentagon 's own admission even if Obama were to grant McChrystal 's request for 40,000 more troops , the Pentagon does n't have them to give .
It said it could come up with maybe 30,000 max .
Where the rest will come from is a mystery .
The evil of it all is that we now have a situation in which we are pitting one pool of unemployed young men who join the military because they have few alternatives , against another pool of unemployed young men who join the Taliban because they have even fewer .
At $ 8 - $ 10 per day for " insurgent work " and with 40 % unemployment , the Taliban is meeting its recruiting goals too , even though most Afghans hate the Taliban .
" There is a low percentage of the total Taliban force who we would call ideologically driven .
We refer to them as Tier 1 people who believe their ideology , that what they 're doing is right .
The vast majority of Taliban fighters are essentially economically disadvantaged young men . "
-- Col. Tom Collins , PBS Frontline , April 2 , 2007 ,
The whole thing could be gotten over with for far less than a tenth of what we will be spending on military " operations " ( read : one bunch of unemployed young men shooting at the other bunch and chasing them across the countryside . )
By simply announcing a mini-Marshall Plan for Afghanistan which would hire youths for digging and clearing at $ 7 a day , they would throw down their weapons , rush for the less dangerous jobs , and probably half the time shoot their Taliban commanders on the way out .
" 19 - year - old Jaan Agha in Helmund Province told the Institute for War and Reporting in November of 2007 that it was either the Taliban or watch his family starve .
" I could n't find a job anywhere .
So I had to join the Taliban .
They give me money for my family expenditures .
If I left the Taliban , what else could I do ? " "
--" Few Choices for Helmand ’s Troubled Youth , " Institute for War and Peace Reporting , Nov. 9 , 2007
The real problem with escalating troops is that it 's much easier to put them in than to take them out .
You can go up , but if you try to go down the Neocons who still seem to be running things start screaming " surrender ! "
Moyers notes that the Washington Post , a " cheerleader " for the escalation , now places " fixing " Afghanistan as a higher priority than fixing health care .
And at a projected cost of $ 65 billion a year for more troops to stay , that kills a lot of room for domestic initiatives .
If Obama sacrifices his presidency on Afghanistan , and in the next election the country moves to the right , especially if there is another terrorist attack , a retooled Sarah Palin or Jeb Bush could call for the draft .
The government has n't been busy with those Selective Service registrations you need to complete to get your Pell Grant for nothing .
Note who is n't registered with the Selective Service : rich kids , like children of congressmen , who do n't need no damned Pell Grant .
It 's a perfectly designed dragnet for any young male who is bright , motivated , and fairly poor .
They do n't even have to debate what kind of draft .
It 's already in place .
Whether or not you believe this scenario is even a remote possibility , the time to try to change it is now .
By taking his time on making a decision , it may be that Obama is saying to us : speak now , or forever hold your peace .
Afghan Marshall Plan Exit Strategy , please send to your congressmembers .
Congressmembers ' emails and phone numbers here .
Recent radio interview on Afghan Marshall Plan in Keene , NH
UPDATE ADDRESSING MANY COMMENTS SAYING GENERALLY
" It will never happen " , food for thought :
Wireless innovation is evolving ... and Skip Guenter is the architect .
The call came in about 7 PM last Monday .
It was from Skip Guenter .
" You on a secure line ? "
" Yeah " , I said ... " I guess so " .
" Well , I can't take the chance it 's not secure .
Stay there , do n't leave and do n't tell anyone I 'm coming by . "
With that he hung up .
Within the next two hours , Skip " skipsjunk.net " Guenter revolutionized the PC wireless world .
His innovation , while shamelessly stolen , did miraculous things and I am here to present it to you today .
Ladies and Gentlemen , I present to you the DSWD - V1 and DSWD - V2 .
Original night research at Skipsjunk 's remote facilities to maintain highest security levels on development .
Note the surgical precision by which Guenter cut and splayed the metal mesh to insert the highly developed usb wireless adaptor extension .
You wo n't find that quality of craftsmanship anywhere in today 's manufacturing environment .
Of further note and interest is the high - tech USB signal routing cabling device used in this technological marvel .
Yes , I know ... it's breath - taking .
Drink in the precision of its placement .
Understandably overwhelming , I know .
Of course , the calculations used to increase signal strength took hours .
Using the Linux Super Computer at the secret night time testing location , Guenter was able to hone the signal from a constant 47 percent to a signal that ranged from 72 to 94 percent .
But despite his brilliance and tenacity , problems persisted .
The signal would fluctuate between the afore - mentioned percentages .
For anyone else , this vast improvement would have sufficed .
But not for Skip " 94percent " Guenter .
After crunching the numbers for what seemed to be hours , Guenter began to develop an answer to the problem .
Sheer genius prevailed , along with brilliant engineering to steady the signal to a 5 point fluctuation ... an acceptable range for Guenter .
While solid signal strength did drop from the previous peak of 94 percent - the constant range of 83 to 88 percent insured a steady signal .
Given the wireless router is 168 feet away and sitting behind two load - bearing walls , it 's nothing short of amazing .
The new improved version ( v2 ) provides steadier signal levels with the new specially designed and formulated " double backplane reflector " .
Not only was the engineering and focus of this project without peer , the mounting of the device was stunning .
Because of security concerns around the avant guard mounting method we 've had to exclude any photos that depicted the mounting mechanism .
Besides the giant black zip ties do n't show up so well at night and nobody has a lens that 'll show the nail jammed between the sheet metal roof and the 2x4 beam it 's hanging from .
Once the appropriate patents were applied for and all components of the DSWD - V1 and V2 deemed as proprietary , we were able to present the DSWD - V1 in the daylight .
All kidding aside , this was built for about 30 bucks and did boost the wireless signal about 44 percent .
What you are seeing is a Belkin USB dongle attached to an extension coupler and run inside through a crack in my door .
The " parabolic " effect is actually a dumpling skimmer used by many Chinese eating establishments to dish dumplings and strain them from the cooking pot .
You can purchase one at any Asian market for about 10 bucks .
I 've bought signal boosters that cost almost twice what building this did and it did n't increase the signal but by maybe 20 percent .
My thanks to Skip " operators - are - standing - by " Guenter for his time and patience in putting this together .
Please note much of the descriptive or bold text is his .
All - Righty
Then
MOSCOW , Dec. 7 , 2009  --
Flags flew at half - staff across Russia today , declared a national day of mourning by President Dmitry Medvedev in honor of the more than 100 people who died in a nightclub fire early Saturday morning in the city of Perm .
Four people were charged today in connection with the blaze , which was caused by fireworks .
A fifth suspect , a co-owner of the Lame Horse club , where the incident occurred , has yet to be arrested because he was in the club at the time of the fire and has been hospitalized .
The death toll climbed to 113 today with the news that a 26 - year - old woman died of her injuries .
About 120 people are said to be in serious condition , while 100 have been flown to Moscow , St. Petersburg and Chelyabinsk for treatment , more than half of them are on respirators .
As Russia prepares to celebrate the New Year , the biggest holiday of the year , the country 's emergency situations minister announced a ban on fireworks for mass gatherings until stricter laws can be drawn up .
Nationwide fire inspections were also ordered for large venues .
Funerals continued today amid an outpouring of grief in the city of 1 million people .
Sadness has quickly turned into rage as officials and citizens alike blasted lax fire regulations and the business of inspectors plying bribes out of owners who do n't stay up to code .
" They have no brains and no shame , " Medvedev said of the party 's organizers .
" They showed complete indifference to what was going on .
I saw the reports , they even tried to flee .
They need to be punished to the full extent . "
The Lame Horse was celebrating its eighth anniversary Friday night when a fireworks display on stage ignited a suspended wicker ceiling .
Amateur video shows a party in full swing when the master of ceremonies interrupts the show to tell the crowd , " Ladies and gentlemen , vacate the club , we are on fire . "
With black smoke billowing , screams are heard as club goers panic and rush for the club 's only exit .
Scores were trampled and officials would later say that most died from smoke inhalation , burns and being crushed in the stampede for the door .
Medvedev Assails Club Owners for ' Gravity of the Crime '
" People were running over each other 's heads , " an eyewitness told the Associated Press .
" There was only one exit , they broke the doors to get out .
Everything was in smoke and I could n't see anything . "
Charred bodies were lined up in the street as rescue workers tried to get medical attention to the survivors .
Friends and family scoured lists to find out the fate of loved ones .
Authorities were quick to assure a country still on edge after a terrorist attack on a train 10 days ago that the fire was not an act of terrorism .
Instead , they pointed the finger at club management , accusing the club 's co-owner , managing director and art director of ignoring fire safety regulations .
They were accused of violating the regulations that led to multiple deaths , a charge that could carry up to 7 years in prison .
The man in charge of the fireworks display received a lesser charge of causing multiple deaths through negligence .
" The pyrotechnics installed on stage had no right to be used in any possible way , " Emergency Situations Minister Sergei Shoigu told reporters Saturday .
Medvedev called for fire safety laws to be " much tougher .
" This is not a premeditated murder but this does not lessen the gravity of the crime , " he said .
The fire is the worst to hit Russia in decades , a country where more than 15,000 died last year in fires .
Recent years have seen blazes in retirement homes , hospitals and orphanages .
Fire regulations are notoriously lax , with greased palms helping officials to look the other way .
" Companies that are perfect in terms of their fire security , they can also be fined , " said Alexey Levinson , a sociologist at Moscow 's Levada Center , an independent research organization .
" The ones that are utterly bad in terms of fire security , they can be untouched .
This is the way the corruption works . "
The Lame Horse had been fined twice last year for violating the fire code and the Russian daily Kommersant reported that last December an inspector gave the club a year to fix eight different violations .
The club was due to be inspected again today .
" When will this complacency end ? " the head of Perm 's Investigative Committee asked angrily at a news conference over the weekend .
The club did n't even have fire extinguishers , she said .
As Russia Mourns , Authorities Ban Fireworks
Snow fell over Perm today as funeral services were held .
Drivers honked their horns as residents lay flowers next to pictures of the dead in a park near the club .
Shoigu has issued a ban on fireworks at mass gatherings until stricter laws governing pyrotechnics can be passed .
He has also ordered inspections of large venues ahead of New Year 's celebrations , the biggest holiday of the year here .
" There is a need to carry out a series of unplanned inspections that would involve the ministry 's senior officials , possibly including myself , " Shoigu said .
" A lot of people died [ in Perm ] .
Children were orphaned .
All this happened not as a result of some catastrophe but during a celebration event . "
Planned strikes by BA cabin crew today handed a pre-Christmas bonus to rivals benefiting from the " ABBA " – Anything But BA – effect as industry experts predicted a " slow attrition " of the airline 's customer base .
Virgin Atlantic said many thousands of passengers had already defected from BA due to the uncertainty .
" This was rumoured back in the summer , and clearly there will now be many more trying to switch across , " said Paul Charles , Virgin 's director of communications .
" No doubt , it 's going to have a huge impact .
BA 's phones are going to be ringing red hot .
If people 's holidays are ruined over Christmas and New Year , they will think twice about who they fly with in future . "
Virgin would do " everything we can " to accommodate those affected , " but this is one of the busiest times of the year and many of our flights are already full " .
RyanAir said it was set for a record number of passengers this Christmas .
" A lot of that growth can be attributed to the fact people were n't taking chances with BA , " said spokesman Stephen McNamara .
Flybe and easyJet were also poised to take advantage .
Flybe pledged to " look to increase our services where necessary to assist BA and their passengers to make sure everyone gets to travel during the festive season and beyond " .
The big question was how much the strike would hit BA financially , said Murdo Morrison , editor of Flight International magazine .
" They are in a reasonably cash rich position , so the strike itself wo n't have an immediate effect financially , but it will have on their whole image as a carrier , particularly competing with low - cost airlines , " he said .
" It used to be BA was the default airline for business traffic into and out of the UK .
Now , as BA have cut their frills , ironically , and the no-frills airlines have increased their networks , and the whole stigma thing has gone from using a low - cost airline , a lot more business people are using the RyanAirs and easyJets . "
He added : " I do n't think there will be a seismic change in passenger behaviour just from this strike alone , because people will return to BA .
But probably fewer will return next time .
So , they will lose passengers , certainly in the short term due to the strike , and also there will be slow attrition of their customer base in the long term . "
Passengers were advised that BA was obliged to offer a refund for cancelled flights or re-route passengers to other airlines .
" But for many , particularly at Christmas when it is very busy , that might not be of much use , " said James Freemantle , of the Air Transport Users Council .
BA was also obliged to offer assistance , where necessary , for hotels and meals .
What was less clear was whether BA was obliged to pay compensation .
Regulations covering cancellations state that airlines should pay unless there were certain circumstances .
" One of those circumstances is if there is a strike that affects the operation of the aircraft , " he said .
" But there could be the opinion that refers to strikes outside the airlines ' control .
There has been no case law .
In simple terms , passengers may want to take up the issue of compensation with BA , but it may be they have to go to court to do it . "
Frances Tuke , a spokeswoman for the Association of British Travel Agents , described the strike announcement as bad news for the travel industry .
" People who have booked Christmas and new year package holidays involving BA flights will find that tour operators will either have to re-arrange flights for them or give them a refund , " she said .
" However , this is an extremely busy time of the year for air travel and it may be very difficult to find alternative flights . "
Passengers should " sit tight " for the next 24 hours .
" It looks as if both sides are continuing to negotiate and we 're still hoping it might be called off . "
Travel firms were awaiting confirmation from BA about which flights would be affected , she added .
" We are waiting for a schedule from BA because there are staff that are not unionised and there is a potential pool of workers that could be used to operate flights . "
Bob Atkinson of travelsupermarket.com said : " Customers who booked before the ballot announcement on 2 November and have insurance to cover for strike action will be able to recover losses from making new bookings .
However , customers who booked after 2 November , or those with no insurance , will be left high and dry to find new arrangements .
They will be refunded for the price of their original ticket by BA and even if BA try to find alternatives for customers availability is already very tight . "
People who booked direct with BA were being advised to contact the airline for a refund or a change to their flight time .
Package holidaymakers were being told to contact tour operators to ask for their money back or to book different flights .
Beijing will raise the stakes in the race to agree a global climate change treaty by using a summit of world leaders in New York today to announce that China , the biggest emitter of greenhouse gases , is ready to take new measures to cut pollution .
Although more than 100 leaders will attend today 's conference , the focus will be on China 's premier , Hu Jintao , and US President Barack Obama , who together may hold the fate of the treaty in their hands .
Officials in Beijing indicated last night that Mr Hu would arrive in Manhattan this morning ready to unveil " important " plans for reducing China 's carbon dioxide emissions , which could break the deadlock in negotiations .
While he is not expected to commit China to emissions reduction targets , an acceptance of intensity targets , which aim to reduce the amount of carbon dioxide emitted per unit of industrial production , would be a big step forward .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The UN has called the summit to try to build momentum towards achieving a new deal on cutting emissions at talks in Copenhagen in December .
Scientists are calling for an ambitious target for reducing the greenhouse gases which cause climate change , as a successor to the Kyoto protocol .
But with time running out before the talks in Denmark , there are fears that not enough progress is being made to reach a new deal .
China 's move could kick - start talks , but may also leave Mr Obama having to shoulder the blame if the Copenhagen conference ends in failure .
A Bill , backed by Mr Obama and proposing a " cap- and - trade " system to cut CO2 output in the US , has been passed by the House of Representatives but is stuck in the Senate .
America is the world 's second - biggest polluter after China .
Yvo de Boer , the UN 's leading climate official , confirmed that China was poised to offer a potential breakthrough and said he expected Beijing to become the " world leader " in tackling climate change .
He said the package of measures expected from President Hu would take Chinese emissions " very significantly away from where they would have been and are " .
About 70 per cent of China 's energy is produced from coal .
With her industrial capacity and urbanisation still growing , the country 's energy needs are being met by the opening of a new coal - fired power station every week .
China 's CO2 emissions from fossil fuels soared by 129 per cent between 1990 and 2005 .
Exactly how big an impact today 's announcement by China will have on the talks depends on what detail Mr Hu offers .
According to reports from Beijing , he intends to be fairly specific , offering for the first time some numeric framework for what China intends to do .
China is traditionally wary of signing up to multilateral , binding treaties , but Mr Hu could deliver a strong political message of his willingness to tackle the problem of global warming .
" We want to give the world a strong , clear signal , especially ahead of the Copenhagen summit , that we are sincere and committed , " said Zhang Haibin , a professor of environmental politics at Beijing University and an adviser to the government .
Today 's gathering , hosted by the UN secretary general , Ban Ki-Moon , will feature a parade of heads of government , Mr Obama included , calling for progress before the Copenhagen talks .
Yet the impasse in Washington will be on everyone 's mind .
It is hard to imagine Mr Obama travelling to Denmark and signing a comprehensive pact without action having first been taken in the Senate .
Yet for the moment , all the Senate 's political energies are focused on the President 's controversial healthcare proposals .
It is the scant progress being made in America that may have prompted Gordon Brown to make an impassioned plea for progress in an article published yesterday by the US magazine Newsweek .
World leaders must go to Copenhagen to avert the " grave danger " of the treaty negotiations falling apart , he argued .
" Securing an agreement in Copenhagen will require world leaders to bridge our remaining differences and seize these opportunities , " the Prime Minister added .
" If we miss this opportunity , there will be no second chance sometime in the future , no later way to undo the catastrophic damage to the environment we will cause . "
The message was echoed in New York yesterday by the Climate Change Secretary , Ed Miliband , who warned that the world was facing a " make or break " opportunity .
Many countries , including China , were " working hard to defy the odds " to agree a treaty , he said , expressing hope that the US political hold - up could be overcome .
Although he said the " constellation of the stars " made reaching a pact difficult , he added : " I actually think this will be the best chance for some years to come . "
That the negotiations may boil down largely to what China and the US can deliver was acknowledged last week by Mr Ban .
China is by far the biggest of the emerging industrial nations , with India next .
China and America are responsible for 40 per cent of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions .
" China and the US will be the two key countries which can make a great impact to this negotiation , " Mr Ban said , adding that presidents Obama and Hu and other leaders should " publicly commit to sealing a deal in Copenhagen " .
Any significant step forward by China will rob the US Senate of one of its principal arguments for dragging its feet .
Conservative politicians on Capitol Hill have repeatedly asserted that it would be unfair for America to take the leap into a system that might impede her economic growth if developing countries such as China were allowed to get away with doing virtually nothing .
Mr Hu is expected precisely to counter that charge .
Campbell 's monkeys appear to combine the same calls in different ways , using rules of grammar that turn sound into language .
Whether their rudimentary syntax echoes the speech of humanity 's evolutionary ancestors , or represents an emergence of language unrelated to our own , is unclear .
Either way , they 're far more sophisticated than we thought .
" This is the first evidence we have in animal communication that they can combine , in a semantic way , different calls to create a new message , " said Alban Lemasson , a primatologist at the University of Rennes in France .
" I 'm not sure it has strong parallels with humans , in the way that we will find a subject and object and verb .
But they have meaningful units combined into other meaningful sequences , with rules imposed on how they 're combined . "
Lemasson 's team previously described the monkeys ' use of calls with specific meanings in a paper published in November .
It detailed the monkeys ' basic sound structures and their uses : " Hok " for eagle , " krak " for leopard , " krak - oo " for general disturbance , " hok - oo " and " wak - oo " for general disturbance in forest canopies .
A sixth call , " boom , " was used in non-predatory contexts , such as when calling a group together for travel or arguing with neighboring groups .
Impressive as that was , however , it was still relatively one - dimensional , not much different from verbalizations heard in many animal species , from other non-human primates to songbirds .
The team 's latest findings , published Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , describe something far more complicated : syntax , or principles of word sequence and sentence structure .
Though some researchers have ascribed syntax to animals , it 's never been formally demonstrated – until now .
" People have criticized the use of ' syntax ' to describe animals just because they produce sequences of sound .
They say that each unit has no meaning , that no rules explain how they 're combined , " said Lemasson .
" Here we have rules of combination . "
For example , male monkeys called " boom boom " to gather other monkeys to them , but " boom boom krak - oo krak - oo " meant that a tree or branch was about to fall .
Adding a " hak - oo " to that sequence turned it into a territorial warning against stray monkeys from neigboring groups .
Multiple " krak - oo " calls added to an original " krak " meant not only that a leopard was in the area , but that it posed an immediate threat .
The research raises the question of whether early humans or our primate ancestors combined calls in a similar way , turning a small set of sounds into a rich verbal reportoire .
According to Lemasson and to Jared Taglialatela , a chimpanzee communication researcher at Clayton State University , it 's too soon to say whether the monkey talk is proto - human .
" I 'd shy away from that .
But this is certainly syntax , " said Taglialatela , who was not involved in the study .
But he described the proto - human question as secondary to a far more intriguing possibility : that the potential for language is widespread in the animal kingdom .
" People like to draw lines and make boxes and put animals inside them .
I do n't like to do that .
There are differences and shades of grey .
And when you take the time to collect data in a way that allows you to recognize complexity and patterns , than you find evidence of them , " said Taglialatela .
Lemasson 's analysis was based on a vast set of recordings , gathered from 10 monkey groups observed for two full years in their African rain forest homes .
Lemasson , who is further investigating Campbell 's monkey talk by measuring their reactions to recorded calls , suspects that a dense jungle environment drove the evolution of syntax .
Since the monkeys had trouble seeing each other , they compensated by talking .
The same compensatory dynamic could operate in other species , such as whales that live in mostly sunless waters , he said .
" We can imagine that this ability has evolved in other lineages , " said Lemasson .
Image : Florian Möllers
See Also :
Citation : " Generating meaning with finite means in Campbell ’s monkeys . "
By Karim Ouattara , Alban Lemasson , and Klaus Zuberbuhler .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 106 No. 48 , December 7 , 2009 .
* Brandon Keim 's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points . *
- - - Physical - - -
- - - Hardware features - - -
- - - Performance issues - - -
- - - Android OS and apps - - -
- - - Music and video - - -
- - - Verizon - - -
- - -
Tips , tricks , and cool stuff - - -
- - - Recommended apps - - -
!
I 've posted this on a bunch of other Android forums and thought it would be helpful to have it here too .
I wanted to put it in the most viewed forum so everybody could see it .
If you have any suggestions let me know .
No , only the flat adhesive plastic - type protectors ( InvisibleShield ) are slim enough to allow the phone to fit .
The glass on top of the screen is very durable and keys will have a very hard time scratching it ( I 've tried ) .
There are a couple videos of people trying to scratch it as well and failing .
The bits of shiny plastic on the back can get scratched , though .
YouTube 854x480
The one on the left is an IR emitter and sensor to blank the phone during a call when it 's against your face .
The one on the right is a light sensor to activate automatic brightness .
Yes , but only with third party apps like Missed Call and SMS Popup .
For multimedia mode , download an app called DockRunner .
For car mode , Android actually includes an application called Car Home .
You can also hack it by putting a linearly polarized magnet , like a small cube magnet , on the back near the camera .
Yes .
Set it up through Verizon or look here .
There 's a time - dependent bug that kills the autofocus every 24.5 days , then it recovers .
It will supposedly be fixed forever in an update on December 11 .
Also , setting the size to 2MP at any quality will save much faster than 5MP .
You do lose detail but until the fix , it makes it much faster .
Most people who got the Droid when it was released were able to get it to rotate for a short while , then stopped .
However , a Motorola representative has stated that this is how it 's supposed to work .
Homescreen lag / jerk is present on all Droids at the moment , but I 've found that the Locale service really drains your CPU and makes animations lag even more .
Also try using a task manager to free up some memory .
Check to make sure you have automatic rotation enabled in the sound and display settings .
It 's the automatic brightness feature .
Turn it off in the sound and display settings under brightness .
Go to settings , language and keyboard , and in both Android and device keyboard menus , uncheck auto - capitalization , autocomplete , and if you want , quick fixes .
Go to settings , language and keyboard , and in the Android keyboard menu , uncheck vibrate and sound on keypress .
Go to settings , about phone , then battery use .
Go to settings , about phone , then system updates .
Hold the power button on top for a couple seconds , then select " power off " .
Get a task manager from the app store such as TasKiller ; the services manager in the Applications page in the settings is n't very useful .
Press the menu button , go to settings , applications , manage applications , then select the program from the list and uninstall .
Go to the Market , then press the menu button , then Downloads .
If you have any programs that need updates they 'll be at the top of the list .
Click the folder to open it , then long press the gray bar at the top of it .
Long press on the search button on the phone .
Long press it , then move to the app tray button which will then have a trash can icon on it .
Long press the home screen and add a shortcut to Directions .
Enter the address and name it .
Then open it at any time to start navigation .
You can also access maps you 've saved on My Maps on your computer from the Android application .
960x854 Press on a corner of the crop box and then drag it to size .
I 'd say around 250x250 or higher .
Behind the drama unfolding in the streets of Iran , the regime is quietly clamping down on some of the nation 's best students by derailing their academic and professional careers .
On Wednesday , progovernment militia attacked and beat students at a school in northeastern Iran .
Since last Sunday 's massive protests nationwide , dozens of university students have been arrested as part of an aggressive policy against what are known as Iran 's " star students . "
In ...
I have seldom felt so alone .
Confronted with crisis , most of the environmentalists I know have gone into denial .
The emails hacked from the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia , they say , are a storm in a tea cup , no big deal , exaggerated out of all recognition .
It is true that climate change deniers have made wild claims which the material can't possibly support ( the end of global warming , the death of climate science ) .
But it is also true that the emails are very damaging .
The response of the greens and most of the scientists I know is profoundly ironic , as we spend so much of our time confronting other people 's denial .
Pretending that this is n't a real crisis is n't going to make it go away .
Nor is an attempt to justify the emails with technicalities .
We 'll be able to get past this only by grasping reality , apologising where appropriate and demonstrating that it cannot happen again .
It is true that much of what has been revealed could be explained as the usual cut and thrust of the peer review process , exacerbated by the extraordinary pressure the scientists were facing from a denial industry determined to crush them .
One of the most damaging emails was sent by the head of the climatic research unit , Phil Jones .
He wrote " I can't see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report .
Kevin and I will keep them out somehow - even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is ! "
One of these papers which was published in the journal Climate Research turned out to be so badly flawed that the scandal resulted in the resignation of the editor - in - chief .
Jones knew that any incorrect papers by sceptical scientists would be picked up and amplified by climate change deniers funded by the fossil fuel industry , who often – as I documented in my book Heat – use all sorts of dirty tricks to advance their cause .
Even so , his message looks awful .
It gives the impression of confirming a potent meme circulated by those who campaign against taking action on climate change : that the IPCC process is biased .
However good the detailed explanations may be , most people are n't going to follow or understand them .
Jones 's statement , on the other hand , is stark and easy to grasp .
In this case you could argue that technically he has done nothing wrong .
But a fat lot of good that will do .
Think of the MPs ' expenses scandal : complaints about stolen data , denials and huffy responses achieved nothing at all .
Most of the MPs could demonstrate that technically they were innocent : their expenses had been approved by the Commons office .
It did n't change public perceptions one jot .
The only responses that have helped to restore public trust in Parliament are humility , openness and promises of reform .
When it comes to his handling of Freedom of Information requests , Professor Jones might struggle even to use a technical defence .
If you take the wording literally , in one case he appears to be suggesting that emails subject to a request be deleted , which means that he seems to be advocating potentially criminal activity .
Even if no other message had been hacked , this would be sufficient to ensure his resignation as head of the unit .
I feel desperately sorry for him : he must be walking through hell .
But there is no helping it ; he has to go , and the longer he leaves it , the worse it will get .
He has a few days left in which to make an honourable exit .
Otherwise , like the former Speaker of the House of Commons , Michael Martin , he will linger on until his remaining credibility vanishes , inflicting continuing damage to climate science .
Some people say that I am romanticising science , that it is never as open and honest as the Popperian ideal .
Perhaps .
But I know that opaqueness and secrecy are the enemies of science .
There is a word for the apparent repeated attempts to prevent disclosure revealed in these emails : unscientific .
The crisis has been exacerbated by the university 's handling of it , which has been a total trainwreck : a textbook example of how not to respond .
RealClimate reports that " We were made aware of the existence of this archive last Tuesday morning when the hackers attempted to upload it to RealClimate , and we notified CRU of their possible security breach later that day . "
In other words , the university knew what was coming three days before the story broke .
As far as I can tell , it sat like a rabbit in the headlights , waiting for disaster to strike .
When the emails hit the news on Friday morning , the university appeared completely unprepared .
There was no statement , no position , no one to interview .
Reporters kept being fobbed off while CRU 's opponents landed blow upon blow on it .
When a journalist I know finally managed to track down Phil Jones , he snapped " no comment " and put down the phone .
This response is generally taken by the media to mean " guilty as charged " .
When I got hold of him on Saturday , his answer was to send me a pdf called " WMO statement on the status of the global climate in 1999 " .
Had I a couple of hours to spare I might have been able to work out what the heck this had to do with the current crisis , but he offered no explanation .
By then he should have been touring the TV studios for the past 36 hours , confronting his critics , making his case and apologising for his mistakes .
Instead , he had disappeared off the face of the Earth .
Now , far too late , he has given an interview to the Press Association , which has done nothing to change the story .
The handling of this crisis suggests that nothing has been learnt by climate scientists in this country from 20 years of assaults on their discipline .
They appear to have no idea what they 're up against or how to confront it .
Their opponents might be scumbags , but their media strategy is exemplary .
The greatest tragedy here is that despite many years of outright fabrication , fraud and deceit on the part of the climate change denial industry , documented in James Hoggan and Richard Littlemore 's brilliant new book Climate Cover - up , it is now the climate scientists who look bad .
By comparison to his opponents , Phil Jones is pure as the driven snow .
Hoggan and Littlemore have shown how fossil fuel industries have employed " experts " to lie , cheat and manipulate on their behalf .
The revelations in their book ( as well as in Heat and in Ross Gelbspan 's book The Heat Is On ) are 100 times graver than anything contained in these emails .
But the deniers ' campaign of lies , grotesque as it is , does not justify secrecy and suppression on the part of climate scientists .
Far from it : it means that they must distinguish themselves from their opponents in every way .
No one has been as badly let down by the revelations in these emails as those of us who have championed the science .
We should be the first to demand that it is unimpeachable , not the last .
monbiot.com
“ People who have something really private to say probably should n’t do it in a text on their cellphone , ” said Marc Rotenberg , executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , a public interest research group based in Washington .
In Mr. Woods ’s case , Jaimee Grubbs , who has worked as a cocktail waitress , came forward with text messages that she said were from Mr. Woods once he was rumored to be having marital problems after he slammed his car into a fire hydrant and a tree on Thanksgiving .
Since then , several other women have said they , too , slept with Mr. Woods .
He has said in a statement only that he was sorry for his “ transgressions ” and asked that his family be left alone .
“ Personal sins should not require press releases , and problems within a family should n’t have to mean public confessions , ” Mr. Woods said .
Others , like Kwame Kilpatrick , the former mayor of Detroit , were found out because they used government - issued mobile phones and pagers .
Mr. Kilpatrick lied under oath about having an affair with an aide , but his text messages revealed the truth .
Nevada ’s governor , Jim Gibbons , was accused last spring by his wife in divorce documents of sending more than 800 text messages to a mistress in 2007 .
He contended that the woman was a friend , but he paid the state $ 130 for the messages from his phone .
What is more common , though , is suspicion followed up by a confrontation .
Doug Hampton , a longtime friend and employee of Senator Ensign ’s , said recently on the ABC show “ Nightline ” that he was alarmed after he had borrowed Mr. Ensign ’s cellphone in late 2007 to call his wife , Cynthia Hampton , and found her listed as “ Aunt Judy . ”
Mr. Hampton said he found an incriminating text message and confronted the pair about their affair at a Christmas dinner soon after .
Image Senator John Ensign , Republican of Nevada , had an affair with a former employee that was confirmed when the woman 's husband found an incriminating text message .
Credit ... Brendan Smialowski for The New York Times
In a recent survey of 2,300 adults about social networking , the Pew Internet and American Life Project found that 12 percent said they had shared information online that they later regretted posting .
Posting on a social network is not the same as sending a text message .
But Lee Rainie , director of the Pew project , contends it is evidence of an overall cultural shift in which people have become increasingly careless about revealing personal information they cannot take back .
There are three ways to get your ad banned .
Have sex , religion or suicide in your ad .
If you managed all three , you 'll be insta-banned .
These are the funniest or craziest banned ads reported here in the past ten years .
As you might expect , this list is NSFW if nudity is NS where you work .
# 1
First out ( above ) are Sofa King who managed with the feat of getting their slogan banned .
What 's wrong with an endline that fulfills the client critera of having the brand name in it , and touting their low prices ?
Nothing , except , their brand name is Sofa King .
Our prices are Sofa King low read the ad , and all the noo yawakas thought it was Sofa King funny .
The ASA did n't laugh .
# 2 " Spank " fashion ads withdrawn , WE Sweden decided to pull their ads and underwear packaging as soon as they realized that nobody was buying their " we 're a skater brand , the idea was that the girl might have fallen off a skateboard . " defense for this image .
Sure , sure - she fell off a skateboard , onto a mans hand , while pant - less ....
jumperVW pulls " jumper " ad
It 's not just airbrushed nudity that gets banned , Dove 's pro-age campaign for real beauty , showing nude non-airbrushed mature ladies , was banned ...... wait for it ....... because of nudity .
Way to miss the point , people .
Cult Shaker , did their best to try and shake up Denmark , but it was n't until they doubled the amount of nude girls in the ads that they received enough complaints to be ordered to take the posters down .
They continued advertising , now with more ' subtle ' closeup portraits of partial female face and red lips receiving the foamy white spray from overflowing shaken bottles instead .
Bukakka - producers took notes of their style .
N - Gage ads deemed " offensive " and " distressing " british watchdog banned these because they " Speaking of violence toward women , the captivity ' abduction , torture and death ' posters that caused such outrage when they mistakenly went up is another example of violence toward women , but that is what the whole movie was about .
# 9 Nude Sophie Dahl for Opium .
This ad has a special place in Adland 's heart , not only was it the most complained about advert in ASA 's history back in 2000 - four years later the curse of Sophie 's nipple caused Paypal to shut down our account ( where adgrunts upgraded to watch films , which allowed us to afford to show said films ) , right before the superbowl , which is our biggest crush of the year .
The image of Sophie 's pale white nipple you can so easily find being sold on Ebay ( via paypal , ahem - consistency anyone ? ) sure has the power to upset some folk .
Tom Ford , fashion creative director enfant terrible began the naughties on a naughty note and we would n't expect anything less from him .
( fun trivia :
Ex paypal employees started youtube only a year after the Paypal / Adland mishap .
Coincidink ?
Probably , but a funny one . )
# 10 Gucci's Hairy
Ad , you can thank Tom Ford again , for the kerfluffle caused by him branding a models pubic hair .
272653 views later , the ad has gone down in history - it narrowly avoided the ASA banhammer , since it only got 17 complaints in the end .
Unlike Sophie above , the image of Louise 's shaven cootchie only appeared within the confines of fashion magazines , where the readers did understand it as it was intended : " to be the ultimate ironic pun for a sexy brand in a logo - led age "
Honorable Mention
It was never banned , but to balance out the nudity with some more violence that Red Cross Youth ( RKUF ) campaign designed to start a debate about human rights in conjunction with the Chinese Olympics was pulled after Red Cross Geneva received complaints from Chinese people worldwide .
It gets an honorable mention as it was the campaign that I received death threats for posting ( and keeping ) [ # 1 ] , [ # 2 ] , [ # 3 ] , [ # 4 ] , [ # 5 ] , while the site was under massive DDOS - attacks from various scriptkiddies hoping that they could force me to remove it .
Events like that makes hosting this site rather interesting shall we say .
The mass repression of the 36th Polytechnic Anniversary March in Athens has led to reactions from students , pupils and even some rectors , as arrested protesters are taken to court .
Meanwhile the anti-guerrilla farce was exposed once again with the latest girl arrested set free in lack of evidence .
The day after the mass repression of the 36th anniversary march of the Polytechnic Uprising and Massacre , which saw the detention of 277 people in Athens only , and the arrest of 13 throughout the country , the reaction to the latest leg of socialist counterinsurgency was voiced today 18/11 in a variety of way .
Early in the morning , pupils of the 5th high - school ( in Exarcheia ) formed a protest march towards the courts where the 9 arrested of the previous night would appear before the persecutor .
The sight of some hundred 14 - 17 year olds chanting slogans surrounded by strong riot - police forces was a blow to the image of the government .
The pupils gathered outside the court - house where their comrades gave testimony guarded by police in full gear .
At the same time a large group of anarchists in solidarity to both the 9 arrested and to the girl accused of membership to the Nuclei of Fire guerrilla group , also giving testimony , staged a demo outside the court house .
The situation developed to full - blown clashes with riot police forces a few hours later when Antigone , the 22 year old girl , was finally released .
The collapse of what was paraded as a definite success of the Ministry of Public Order came as the only supposed evidence against the girl , a single fingerprint on a glass candleholder , was not deemed adequate by the court .
All the more as the " incriminating " candleholder was not included in the items confiscated in the supposed " safe house " of Chalandri , was not procured for recognition to the girl , nor for demonstration to the persecutor , thus remaining an object in the sphere of fantasy ... Moreover , as her testimony verifies , she was being accused of partaking in a bomb attack at the same time that she was sitting school exams ... a most incredible case of teletransfer ...
The release and the farce of the candleholder has come as yet another blow to the credibility of the Nuclei of Fire case .
Until the time of writing it has not become clear if any of the 9 arrested of last night will remain in custody until their trial , though the possibility seems unlikely given they are almost all underage .
There are eponymous testimonies of police brutality during the arrests .
Meanwhile students of the University of Social Sciences of Athens ( Panteios ) have occupied the rectorial headquarters of their school as a response to the collaboration of the rectorial authorities with the police , leading to the sealing of the school for 4 days to the Polytechnic anniversary .
The communique of the occupation reads :
The Junta did not end in 1973 .
The student union of Panteios had planned a general assembly for Friday 13 / 11 .
The rector of our school , Tsiris , under threats of the Ministry " for the Protection of Citizens " decided to seal the school cancelling all classes and prohibiting in effect the general assembly .
What sort of democracy are they preaching to us , and what academic autonomy when the rector 's decisions are carried out by the police ?
By Friday dawn Panteios was surrounded by police forces , not allowing students into the school .
Tsiris with the help of DAP and PASP ( conservative and socialist student parties ) tried to implement the Chrisochoidis Dogma inside the university in the most brutal way .
They seem terrified at the prospect of student mobilisation , and thus they try in every possible way to repress and prohibit any political procedure .
36 years after the tank invasion of the Polytechneio , repression stays the same .
Then with the army of the dictatorship , now with the police of democracy .
Repression will not go unanswered .
We are occupying the rector headquarters of Panteios pointing at the responsibilities of the rector and his collaboration with the police .
In Polytechneio itself an altogether different political drama is taking place .
The rector and the three sub-rectors of the school have submitted their resignation as a protest to their persecution for allowing the anarchist blog , athens .
indymedia to transmit through its server .
The persecution has created trouble even for the Ministry of Education which washed its hands claiming that freedom of speech has priority .
The announcement of the rector 's office reads :
Once again , the Polytechneio has come to the centre of coordinated attacks for bearing the burden of the highest principle : the free exchange of ideas .
This time the excuse was some questions in parliament [ by LAOS ] in the pre-election period of sessions .
Those questions have activated a series of interventions by the National Telecommunications Company ( OTE ) , which have now led to the persecution of rectorial authorities by the state for neglect of duty and for encouragement of toleration [...]
The Polytechneio as an educational and research institute is the only one which can decide what serves ' educational and research purposes ' and how this relates not only to the free exchange of ideas but in their publication .
It does not take recourse to preventive or repressive censorship regardless the ideological and political gap that might separate us from the opinions expressed "
The rectorial leadership of the Polytechneio was denounced for its defiance by the fascist party in parliament ( LAOS ) .
Mr Polyzos , sub-rector of the school is accusing the government of following the fascist policy against indymedia dictated by LAOS .
As far as the Polytechneio students are concerned 5 general assemblies of schools within it have published their support for athens .
indymedia and their reaction to censorship .
Meanwhile the trial of 1 person arrested in Salonica and 4 people arrested in Irakleio during clashes last night have been postponed for Friday .
Lawyers claim that several of the arrested in Irakleio are seriously wounded in the face due to police brutality .
Finally , in a communique to the newspaper Pontiki , the Revolutionary Struggle has announced that it is not related with the attack against the police station of Agia Paraskevi , nor with the " robbers in black " , a supposed group of anarchist bank robbers , manufactured as such by the media , for which three anarchists are wanted with a 600.000 euros warrant on their heads .
On the website of sculptor and mathematician George Hart , there are step - by - step instructions for how to craft a Möbius strip from a single bagel .
I like his thoughts at the very end of the instruction process :
" It is much more fun to put cream cheese on these bagels than on an ordinary bagel .
In additional to the intellectual stimulation , you get more cream cheese , because there is slightly more surface area . "
Mathematically Correct Breakfast : How to Slice a Bagel into Two Linked Halves ( via Serious Eats NY , thanks Laura )
A Death in Tehran FRONTLINE investigating the life and death of the woman whose image remains a potent symbol for those who want to keep Iran 's reform movement alive .
( Nov. 2009 )
Showdown With Iran FRONTLINE examines the turn of events since 9/11 that help explain why Iran sees itself as the Middle East 's most important player .
Includes rare interviews with hardliners shaping policy .
( Oct. 2007 )
Iran : The Stem Cell Fatwa FRONTLINE / World explores the unusual pairing of religious devotion and medical science as Iran becomes a hub of world - class embryonic stem cell research .
( June 2009 )
Iran : Forbidden Iran FRONTLINE / World reporter Jane Kokan secretly films shocking evidence of the torture and murder of students and journalists opposed to Iran 's clerical regime .
( Jan. 2004 )
Iran : Going Nuclear BBC reporter Paul Kenyon travels deep into Iran to investigate charges that Iran is secretly developing a nuclear bomb .
A FRONTLINE / World report .
( May 2005 )
Iran : Voices From the Street What do ordinary Iranians really think about Americans and the 2008 presidential election ?
A FRONTLINE / World report .
( Aug. 2008 )
We 've written a bit , both here on the LB and in the WSJ , on whether Luzerne County , Pa. , judges Michael T. Conahan and Mark A. Ciavarella Jr. would be granted immunity from civil suits filed by juveniles and families who claimed to have been hurt by their allegedly corrupt judicial rulings .
( Click here for a recent LB post coverage of the Pennsylvania judicial scandal ; here for a recent WSJ story on judicial immunity . )
Well , now we know .
Federal judge Richard Caputo granted partial immunity to the judges , both of whom have ...
PARIS ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Weight - watchers everywhere can breathe a sigh of relief .
Contrary to their image as slim models of restraint , French women , it seems , really do get fat .
According to a 2009 study published on Tuesday , 15.1 percent of France ’s women are classed as clinically obese , while a further 26 percent are overweight .
The survey , conducted by TNS Sofres Healthcare and Swiss pharmaceuticals company Roche , also pointed to similar trends among the male population , with 13.9 percent of Frenchmen obese and 38.5 percent overweight .
The world has long marveled at the ability of the French population , and particularly its women , to remain thin in a country famed for its pastries , cheese and wine .
French author Mireille Guilano even published a diet manual in 2004 entitled “ French Women Do n’t Get Fat , ” praising the eating habits of women who prefer to savour their food calmly and never snack between meals .
But the reality is that over the past 12 years , the average French person has put on 3.1 kg ( 6.83 lb ) and added a further 4.7 cm ( 1.85 inches ) around the waist , the survey showed .
Doctor Marie - Aline Charles , who helped conduct the research , said urban lifestyles were largely to blame .
“ Obesity rates have really risen sharply in urban areas where there ’s a concentration of sedentary jobs , public transport , less need to walk and a much greater availability of food , ” she told Reuters in a telephone interview .
However , other countries , especially the United States , were faring worse , she said .
“ We ’re currently seeing in France the same levels of obesity as in the United States in the 1970s , so we ’re about 40 years behind , ” she said .
According to latest data released by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) some 31.1 percent of U.S. men were classified as obese and 33.2 percent of women .
The TNS Sofres Healthcare survey was based on replies from 25,286 people during the course of the year .
Since the ouster of Saddam Hussein in 2003 , the U.S. taxpayer has been rebuilding Iraq and – for just as long – I have been complaining about this being unnecessary and even counterproductive .
( See here , here , and here for sample critiques . )
Comes a report today by Timothy Williams in the New York Times , " U.S. Fears Iraqis Will Not Keep Up Rebuilt Projects " that tops off my unhappiness .
Excerpts :
In its largest reconstruction effort since the Marshall Plan , the United States government has spent $ 53 billion for relief and reconstruction in Iraq since the 2003 invasion , building tens of thousands of hospitals , water treatment plants , electricity substations , schools and bridges .
But there are growing concerns among American officials that Iraq will not be able to adequately maintain the facilities once the Americans have left , potentially wasting hundreds of millions of dollars and jeopardizing Iraq 's ability to provide basic services to its people .
The projects run the gamut — from a cutting - edge , $ 270 million water treatment plant in Nasiriya that works at a fraction of its intended capacity because it is too sophisticated for Iraqi workers to operate , to a farmers ' market that farmers cannot decide how to share , to a large American hospital closed immediately after it was handed over to Iraq because the government was unable to supply it with equipment , a medical staff or electricity . …
In hundreds of cases during the past two years , the Iraqi government has refused or delayed the transfer of American - built projects because it cannot staff or maintain them , Iraqi and American government officials say .
Other facilities , including hospitals , schools and prisons built with American funds , have remained empty long after they were completed because there were not enough Iraqis trained to operate them .
" As large - scale construction projects — power plants , water - treatment systems and oil facilities — have been completed , there has been concern regarding the ability of Iraqis to maintain and fund their operations once they are handed over to the Iraqi authorities , " said a recent analysis prepared for Congress by the Congressional Research Service .
… Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , inspector general for Iraq reconstruction , said his watchdog agency had " regularly raised concerns about the potential waste of U.S. taxpayer money resulting from reconstruction projects that were poorly planned , badly transferred , or insufficiently sustained by the Iraqi government . "
Things will only get worse as the American occupiers " continue to depart in large numbers , taking with them their money , equipment and expertise . "
The article provides some specific instances :
In Hilla , 60 miles south of Baghdad , a recently completed $ 4 million maternity hospital built by the Americans is open , but the staff members cannot operate much of its equipment .
" The building is fairly good and the Americans have provided the hospital with a variety of high - tech medical devices , but they did not pay attention to the training of doctors in how to use them , " said Jawad al - Jubouri , a district officer .
In Falluja , west of Baghdad , a $ 98 million wastewater treatment plant built by the United States serves only one - third of the homes it was intended to serve , because the Iraqi government has not supplied it with sufficient fuel , " raising the possibility that the U.S. effort has been wasted , " according to a special inspector general 's report .
At Ibn Sina Hospital in Baghdad , which had been the American military 's largest medical center in the country , Iraqi security forces took up guard positions even before the conclusion of a ceremonial transfer to the Iraqi government last month .
The hospital , however , has been closed because the Health Ministry lacks the staff and equipment to reopen it , though the American military said it left $ 7.9 million in equipment behind .
Opening of the Basra Children 's Hospital has been delayed by more than four years – and the project is still not ready .
Iraq 's most notorious reconstruction project might be the $ 165 million Basra Children 's Hospital in the south , championed by Laura Bush when she was the first lady .
Its completion has been delayed by more than four years , and the project is $ 115 million over budget .
Once the hospital opens — perhaps next year — there will be too few doctors and other medical staff members to take advantage of much of its modern equipment .
" It was supposed to open in March , but I do n't think it will be ready , " said Ahmed Qassim , the hospital 's director .
He added : " Maybe July , but we do n't know .
Maybe not July . "
What gets my goat is that Iraqis do n't even appreciate what they have been given .
The Times article quotes Ali Ghalib Baban , Iraq 's minister of planning , dismissing the $ 53 billion on the grounds that it has not had a discernible impact .
" Maybe they spent it , but Iraq does n't feel it . "
Comment :
One 's tempted to blame Iraqis for this travesty but the real blame belongs with the George W. Bush administration which had a vision of " a free , … stable , democratic , and prosperous Iraq " and did not let realities get in the way of its fantasy .
As so often was the case with Bush , the motives were good but the implementation terrible .
( November 21 , 2009 )
June 22 , 2010 update : Iraq 's hapless electricity grid symbolizes the disastrous waste of money – especially at a moment that the temperatures have soared over 120 degrees Farhenheit ( 49 Celsius ) .
The Associated Press reports :
Billions of dollars have been spent trying to fix the grid since the 2003 invasion , but many Iraqis still get less than six hours of electricity per day - about the same or sometimes even less than they received under Saddam Hussein .
Fears that frustration could lead to bloodshed were realized Saturday in the hot and humid southern oil port of Basra , where two protesters were killed after a demonstration over power outages turned violent , prompting security forces to open fire .
The crisis has already led to the electricity minister 's resignation and poses a major test for Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki . …
It also complicates efforts to stabilize the country as the U.S. military prepares to withdraw its forces by the end of next year .
…
" Everything that was thrown at the problem between 2003 and early 2007 was wasted money because whatever was built was blown up , " said Samuel Ciszuk , a regional energy analyst with IHS Global Insight .
… patience is running thin this year with a heat wave in the south , anger over the political deadlock and failure of the government to deliver after years of promises .
July 3 , 2010 update : More bad news , reports Timothy Williams in " U.S. Fails to Complete , or Cuts Back , Iraqi Projects . "
After two devastating battles between American forces and Sunni insurgents in 2004 , this city needed almost everything ­ new roads , clean water , electricity , health care .
The American reconstruction authorities decided , however , that the first big rebuilding project to win hearts and minds would be a citywide sewage treatment system .
Now , after more than six years of work , $ 104 million spent , and without having connected a single house , American reconstruction officials have decided to leave the troubled system only partly finished , infuriating many city residents .
… the sewage treatment system has left some of the city 's busiest streets lined with open trenches for more than three years and engendered widespread resentment . …
The project was conceived to treat waste for all of Falluja 's 200,000 residents and to build in additional capacity for the city to grow by 50 percent .
But the new , diminished system will serve only 4,300 homes , or about one - sixth of Falluja 's population , according to American and Iraqi officials .
Further , because both the project 's scope and efficiency have been reduced so dramatically , American officials acknowledge that the system may emit a foul odor if it ever does become functional .
…
Four Iraqis have died during construction , including at least one person overcome by toxic fumes , according to workers at the site .
Iraqi engineers also say they have complained to Americans about the poor quality of some of the work , but have been ignored .
There are also concerns about the system 's sustainability once American engineers leave .
American planners say training for Iraqi engineers to learn to operate and maintain the system would require at least several months , but a proposed yearlong training program has not been financed .
And this , of course , is just one of many hapless efforts the American taxpayer has funded .
The failures are coming to light as U.S. troops leave the construction sites they had been working on .
" Even some of the projects that will be completed are being finished with such haste , Iraqi officials say , that engineering standards have deteriorated precipitously , putting workers in danger and leaving some of the work at risk of collapse . "
July 27 , 2010 update : The Washington Post headline tells the story : " Pentagon ca n't account for how it spent $ 2.6 billion in Iraqi funds , audit finds . "
Some details :
U.S. officials failed to create bank accounts for $ 8.7 billion in the Development Fund for Iraq , as mandated by the Department of Treasury , creating " breakdowns in controls [ that ] left the funds vulnerable to inappropriate uses and undetected loss , " according to the report , which is scheduled to be released Tuesday . …
" Weak oversight is directly correlated to increased numbers of cases of theft and abuse , with the majority of convictions to date being traceable to the 2003 - 2004 time - frame where accounting practices were weakest , " Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , the special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction , said in an e-mail .
Then the kicker : " The alleged mismanagement of the fund has angered Iraqi officials , who have raised the possibility of taking legal action against the United States . "
Aug. 1 , 2010 update : Steven Lee Myers of the New York Times takes a close look at the vexing issue of the electricity supply in Iraq in " A Benchmark of Progress , Electrical Grid Fails Iraqis " :
From the beginning of the war more than seven years ago , the state of electricity has been one of the most closely watched benchmarks of Iraq 's progress , and of the American effort to transform a dictatorship into a democracy .
And yet , as the American combat mission — Operation Iraqi Freedom , in the Pentagon 's argot — officially ends this month , Iraq 's government still struggles to provide one of the most basic services .
…
Iraq now has elections , a functioning , if imperfect , army and an oil industry on the cusp of a potential boom .
Yet Baghdad , the capital , had five hours of electricity a day in July .
The chronic power shortages are the result of myriad factors , including war , drought and corruption , but ultimately they reflect a dysfunctional government that remains deadlocked and unresponsive to popular will .
…
Even Iraqis suspicious of American motives hoped that the overthrow of Saddam Hussein would bring modern , competent governance .
Still , the streets are littered with trash , drinking water is polluted , hospitals are bleak and often unsafe , and buildings bombed by the Americans in 2003 or by insurgents since remain ruined shells .
What is clear is that Iraqis ' expectations of a reliable supply of electricity and other services , like their expectations of democracy itself , have exceeded what either Americans or the country 's quarrelling politicians have so far been able to meet . …
The shortages since have hobbled economic development and disrupted almost every aspect of daily life .
They have transformed cities .
Rumbling generators outside homes and other buildings — previously nonexistent — and thickets of wires as dense as a jungle canopy have become as much a part of Iraq 's cityscapes as blast walls and checkpoints .
Most of the generators are privately operated , and the cost — roughly $ 7 per ampere — has for ordinary Iraqis become too exorbitant to power anything more than a light and a television .
…
The United States has spent $ 5 billion on electrical projects alone , nearly 10 percent of the $ 53 billion it has devoted to rebuilding Iraq , second only to what it has spent on rebuilding Iraq 's security forces .
It has had some effect , but there have also been inefficiency and corruption , as there have been in projects to rebuild schools , water and sewerage systems , roads and ports .
The special inspector general for Iraqi reconstruction , Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , said that one quarter of 54 reconstruction projects his office had investigated — including those providing electricity and other basic services — had not been completed or carried on by the Iraqis they were built for .
The United States is now winding such projects down , leaving some unfinished and others , already in disrepair , in the hands of national and provincial governments that so far seem unwilling or unable to maintain and operate them adequately .
…
Iraq 's electrical grid remains a patchwork of old power plants and new , supplemented with makeshift and inadequate solutions .
Iraq now imports 700 megawatts from Iran .
When temperatures soared this summer , it paid for two electricity - generating ships from Turkey to dock near Basra , one of the most badly affected cities , at a cost of hundreds of thousands of dollars .
Some of us wish the U.S. government never took responsibility for rebuilding Iraq , but it did , to its current regret :
American diplomats and military commanders respond defensively when pressed on why , after all the American investments and expertise , Iraq still struggles to provide electricity .
They cite challenges that would overwhelm any government trying to fix a country emerging from dictatorship and war : violence , climate , aging infrastructure and soaring demand , which they call a sign of a burgeoning consumer society .
Iraqis , naturally , blame the Americans :
" This is the fault of the Americans , " the deputy minister of electricity , Ra'ad al - Haras , said .
" They put in place a big , wide - open democracy after the regime .
They went from zero democracy to 100 percent .
Democracy has to be step by step .
You see the result . "
Jan. 3 , 2011 update :
An in - depth report by Ernesto Londoño in the Washington Post , " Demise of Iraqi water park illustrates limitations , abuse of U.S. funding program , " provides many more details on the inefficacy of U.S. spending in Iraq :
In the spring of 2008 , Gen. David H. Petraeus decided he had spent enough time gazing from his helicopter at an empty and desolate lake on the banks of the Tigris River .
He ordered the lake refilled and turned into a water park for all of Baghdad to enjoy .
The military doctrine behind the project holds that cash can be as effective as bullets .
Under Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Iraq at the time , that principle gained unprecedented emphasis , and it has become a cornerstone of the war effort in Afghanistan , now under Petraeus 's command .
But today the Baghdad park is nearly waterless , more than two years after a U.S. military inauguration ceremony that included a marching band and water - scooter rides .
Much of the compound is in ruins , swing sets have become piles of twisted steel , and the personal watercraft 's engines have been gutted for spare parts .
Londoño observes that this failed effort at Jadriyah Lake park points to the general waste of $ 5 billion under the control of the U.S. military under the Commander 's Emergency Response Program .
He condemns this as creating " a temporary illusion of progress " and explains the root cause : " a lack of U.S. foresight and … the shortcomings of an Iraqi government the Americans were trying to boost . "
Read the full article for details about the series of errors .
June 13 , 2011 update : More bad news about missing funds , as reported by Paul Richter of the Los Angeles Times and summarized in the headline : " Missing Iraq money may have been stolen , auditors say : U.S. Defense officials still cannot say what happened to $ 6.6 billion , sent by the planeload in cash and intended for Iraq 's reconstruction after the start of the war . "
Some excerpts :
After the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq in March 2003 , the George W. Bush administration flooded the conquered country with so much cash to pay for reconstruction and other projects in the first year that a new unit of measurement was born .
Pentagon officials determined that one giant C - 130 Hercules cargo plane could carry $ 2.4 billion in shrink - wrapped bricks of $ 100 bills .
They sent an initial full planeload of cash , followed by 20 other flights to Iraq by May 2004 in a $ 12 - billion haul that U.S. officials believe to be the biggest international cash airlift of all time .
This month , the Pentagon and the Iraqi government are finally closing the books on the program that handled all those Benjamins .
But despite years of audits and investigations , U.S. Defense officials still cannot say what happened to $ 6.6 billion in cash — enough to run the Los Angeles Unified School District or the Chicago Public Schools for a year , among many other things .
For the first time , federal auditors are suggesting that some or all of the cash may have been stolen , not just mislaid in an accounting error .
Stuart Bowen , special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction , an office created by Congress , said the missing $ 6.6 billion may be " the largest theft of funds in national history . " …
The cash was carried by tractor - trailer trucks from the fortress - like Federal Reserve currency repository in East Rutherford , N.J. , to Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland , then flown to Baghdad .
U.S. officials there stored the hoard in a basement vault at one of Hussein 's former palaces , and at U.S. military bases , and eventually distributed the money to Iraqi ministries and contractors .
But U.S. officials often did n't have time or staff to keep strict financial controls .
Millions of dollars were stuffed in gunnysacks and hauled on pickups to Iraqi agencies or contractors , officials have testified .
…
Pentagon officials have contended for the last six years that they could account for the money if given enough time to track down the records .
But repeated attempts to find the documentation , or better yet the cash , were fruitless .
June 19 , 2011 update : US $ 6.6 of American money missing ?
Piece of change .
Comes the news today from Baghdad that " Iraq 's parliament is chasing about $ 17 billion of Iraqi oil money it says was stolen after the 2003 U.S. - led invasion . "
Making the story yet odder , " The missing money was shipped to Iraq from the United States to help with reconstruction after the ouster of Saddam Hussein . "
In other words , Americans allegedly stole this money from Iraqis .
Some details :
In a letter to the U.N. office in Baghdad last month , parliament 's Integrity Committee asked for help to find and recover the oil money taken from the Development Fund of Iraq ( DFI ) in 2004 and lost in the chaos that followed the invasion .
" All indications are that the institutions of the United States of America committed financial corruption by stealing the money of the Iraqi people , which was allocated to develop Iraq , ( and ) that it was about $ 17 billion , " said the letter sent to the U.N. with a 50 - page report .
The committee called the disappearance of the money a " financial crime " but said U.N. Security Council resolutions prevent Iraq from making a claim against the United States .
" Our committee decided to send this issue to you ... to look into it and restore the stolen money , " said the letter , a copy of which was obtained by Reuters .
U.N. officials were not immediately available for comment .
Comment : I am trying to wrap my mind around the idea that money sent from the United States to Iraq to help with reconstruction of Iraq was money stolen from Iraqis , but given the strangeness of Iraqi finances , this should not surprise me .
July 30 , 2011 update :
The bad news keeps coming , now from a new report by Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , who has run been the Congressionally - appointed Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction since the position was created in 2004 .
Michael S. Schmidt characterizes it in the New York Times as " a bleaker picture of the country 's stability than assessments by diplomatic officials . "
He explains :
The report said that Iraqis had significantly increased their use of electricity over the past two years but that the supply had remained the same and significant power shortages continued .
Investigators looking into corruption by the Iraqi government " remain stymied by political resistance and lack of capacity and have difficulty pursuing cases involving complex crimes and high - level officials , " the report said .
Aug. 30 , 2011 update :
The magic number is now US $ 60 billion of waste over that past decade , including Afghanistan as well as Iraq , according to the Commission on Wartime Contracting 's 240 - page final report to Congress .
That figure could still grow .
Oct. 25 , 2011 update : Some interesting details on that missing amount from Eamon Javers at CNBC on the " NY Fed 's $ 40 Billion Iraqi Money Trail " :
Beginning in the very earliest days of the war in Iraq , the New York Federal Reserve shipped billions of dollars in physical cash to Baghdad to pay for the reopening of the government and restoration of basic services .
The money was packed onto pallets inside a heavily guarded New York Federal Reserve compound in East Rutherford , New Jersey , trucked to Andrews Air Force Base outside of Washington , and flown by military aircraft to Baghdad International Airport .
By one account , the New York Fed shipped about $ 40 billion in cash between 2003 and 2008 .
In just the first two years , the shipments included more than 281 million individual bills weighing a total of 363 tons .
But soon after the money arrived in the chaos of war - torn Baghdad , the paper trail documenting who controlled it all began to go cold .
Since then , investigators have spent years trying to trace what happened to the enormous amount of money shipped in the frantic days of the occupation of Iraq .
Although there have been hundreds of pages of reports , Congressional hearings , and inquiries from Washington to Baghdad , no one in Congress , a special inspector general 's office , the Department of Defense or the Iraqi government itself can say with certainty what exactly happened to all of that money .
Much of it may have been spent on the things it was intended for — but billions of dollars may have simply been stolen .
The thefts likely ranged from complicated contracting schemes to brazen appropriations of billions in cash still in their New York Fed plastic wrappers .
Here is where things get interesting :
although the money was handled by a variety of trained American officials and military officers in the first legs of its trip halfway around the world , CNBC has learned that something unusual happened on the Baghdad side of the transaction :
Each of the money flights to Baghdad was met at the airport in Iraq by the same man .
The previously unknown Coalition Provisional Authority ( CPA ) official was tasked with picking up the bales of billions as they were unloaded from C - 17s and arranging for them to get to the Central Bank of Iraq in downtown Baghdad .
It was a perilous journey of about seven miles over a road the U.S. military called " Route Irish " through territory often controlled by insurgents .
Travelers faced the threat of rocket propelled grenades , mortars , car bombs and IEDs .
Transit was so dangerous that returning American GI 's often posted YouTube videos of their trips on Route Irish , just for the bragging rights of having been there .
The CPA official was a stocky , middle - aged naturalized American citizen of Lebanese descent who was born in Saudi Arabia .
His first name is Basel .
At his request , CNBC has agreed to withhold his last name from this story .
Basel ferried cash in Baghdad for the CPA and the American embassy from 2003 until 2008 — all told handling , he said , about $ 40 billion in cash .
His job made him the very last American to see that money before it disappeared into the vaults at the Central Bank of Iraq .
And it may have made him the only person in the history of the world to oversee the movement of $ 40 billion in a combat zone .
Basel apparently got his portentous job by accident :
As a fluent speaker of multiple Arabic dialects , Basel had come to Iraq as a civilian with the American military .
Both he and his former boss say Basel was sitting in a waiting area in Saddam Hussein 's palace in early 2003 , waiting for his first assignment .
While he was waiting , a US Treasury official burst into the room , looking for a translator .
" I have a situation here , " the official said .
Basel raised his hand to help .
Soon he found himself wrangling with a crew of Iraqi truck drivers who had been told to make a delivery to the Central Bank of Iraq .
But the bank was closed for the night , and they did not understand the instructions their American overseers were trying to impart about where to store their trucks .
Basel intervened , untangling the confusion .
Impressed , the Treasury official , David Nummy , recruited Basel on the spot .
Nummy said he soon put Basel in charge of meeting the cash flights from Washington at Baghdad airport , largely because he found Basel to be trustworthy .
Then there is the matter of the missing funds :
Basel said he did n't steal any of the Baghdad billions , but he knows who stole at least some of it .
Asked whether he thinks any of the money he delivered was stolen or misappropriated , Basel said , " absolutely , without a doubt . "
But asked who stole it , he said , " I 'm sure I have an idea , but I can't name names . "
That 's because , he explained quietly , " I have a wife and family to worry about . "
July 13 , 2012 update :
In the Final Forensic Audit Report of Iraq Reconstruction Funds , its last documentation of waste before going out of business at the end of 2012 , the Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction ( SIGIR ) pointed to a number of accounting flaws that put " billions of American taxpayer dollars at risk of waste and misappropriation , " adding that " The precise amount lost to fraud and waste can never be known . "
Feb. 13 , 2013 update :
The prolific and always - interesting Adam Kredo reports today at Washington Free Beacon on waste and fraud in Afghanistan that resembles the problems in Iraq , with the additional problem of U.S. taxpayer funds used to purchase banned Iranian oil .
In theory , the almost $ 50 billion since 2005 went for training and security - related programs .
In fact ,
Billions of U.S. taxpayer dollars are being wasted in Afghanistan on fruitless reconstruction projects that are awash in corruption and have little government oversight , according to the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction ( SIGAR ) . …
The lack of oversight has potentially allowed the Afghan government to spend millions of U.S. dollars purchasing Iranian oil .
Such expenditures would constitute a violation of economic sanctions , according to lead inspector John Sopko , who told Congress Wednesday that the Obama administration has failed to account for how funds are spent .
The administration plans to increase spending in Afghanistan in the coming years as it reduces troop levels despite these concerns , a move that has sparked numerous concerns about security .
Sopko pointed out that the U.S. government " could be the biggest violator of the [ Iranian ] oil embargo " because " When we turned the money over to the Afghan government to buy the oil we have no real controls in place . "
He attributed the problem to " incompetency " and noted that a " lack of accountability increases the risk that U.S. funds and fuel will be stolen . "
Worse , SIGAR 's ability to investigate will soon come to end .
Sopko stated :
As our U.S. troops continue to withdraw , the amount of territory in Afghanistan that falls outside these security " bubbles " will increase .
SIGAR 's ability ( as well as the ability of implementing agencies ) to conduct on - site inspections , audits , and investigations may be hindered in the very near future by security restrictions .
U.S. and coalition forces have already pulled out of a number of locations in Afghanistan , leaving some of those places too dangerous for SIGAR or other agencies to visit .
We are at a critical juncture in Afghanistan .
The success or failure of our entire 10 year engagement in Afghanistan is teetering " due to widespread corruption and a lack of accountability .
Jason Chaffetz ( Republican of Utah ) responded that " We are throwing hundreds of millions of dollars into what is the most corrupt government on the planet . "
Rep. John Mica ( Republican of Florida ) added that " The days of the U.S. financing this fiasco must be brought to a halt . "
Mar. 6 , 2013 update : Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , the special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction ( SIGIR ) has today issued a 171 - page final report , Learning From Iraq , that provides an overview of U.S. government mistakes in attempting the country 's reconstruction over the past decade .
It also serves as a follow - up to SIGIR 's previous comprehensive review , Hard Lessons : The Iraq Reconstruction Experience .
As the introduction explains :
The cover of Learning from Iraq .
This study provides much more than a recapitulation of what the reconstruction program accomplished and what my office found in the interstices .
While examining both of these issues and many more , Learning From Iraq importantly captures the effects of the rebuilding program as derived from 44 interviews with the recipients ( the Iraqi leadership ) , the executors ( U.S. senior leaders ) , and the providers ( congressional members ) .
These interviews piece together an instructive picture of what was the largest stabilization and reconstruction operation ever undertaken by the United States ( until recently overtaken by Afghanistan ) .
The body of this report reveals countless details about the use of more than $ 60 billion in taxpayer dollars to support programs and projects in Iraq .
It articulates numerous lessons derived from SIGIR 's 220 audits and 170 inspections , and it lists the varying consequences meted out from the 82 convictions achieved through our investigations .
It urges and substantiates necessary reforms that could improve stabilization and reconstruction operations , and it highlights the financial benefits accomplished by SIGIR 's work : more than $ 1.61 billion from audits and over $ 191 million from investigations .
Michael R. Gordon summarizes some of its conclusions in the New York Times :
The United States , officials from both countries say , took on too many large projects and often did not consult sufficiently with the Iraqis about which projects were needed and how best to go about them .
As a result , the Iraqis were not always able to continue the projects as the American presence began to shrink , and the United States did not secure the good will it had hoped for .
Americans had their take :
William J. Burns , the deputy secretary of state , told the inspector general that the United States had overreached by planning to " do it all and do it our way , " only to discover that the Americans quickly " wore out our welcome . "
Expanding on this theme , Ryan C. Crocker , the American ambassador in Iraq from 2007 to 2009 , said that a major problem was the United States ' failure to obtain " genuine " Iraqi support for major projects .
Sometimes , Mr. Crocker said , the United States would receive a " head nod , " a grudging Iraqi acquiescence to a project the United States wanted to undertake and which the Iraqis saw no reason to oppose since they were not paying for it .
But as the United States began to reduce its footprint in Iraq , it discovered that there was little interest on the Iraqi side in carrying on the effort .
James F. Jeffrey , the American ambassador in Iraq from 2010 to 2012 , said that the reconstruction efforts did some good by putting tens of thousands of Iraqis to work and improving health care .
Projects , he said , were also directed at improving oil production and electricity generation and at building a new Iraqi military .
Still , Mr. Jeffrey said , " too much money was spent with too few results . "
And Iraqi officials had theirs , starting with the prime minister :
Mr. [ Nuri al - ]
Maliki noted that one highly promoted project , the Basra Children 's Hospital , ran far over budget and was still not finished .
The inspector general report said that Mr. Maliki 's observation was on target and that the project was more than 200 percent over budget and four years behind schedule .
Rafie al - Issawi , the former finance minister , a Sunni Muslim and a harsh critic of Mr. Maliki and his Shiite - dominated government , made a similar point .
By starting such a large number of projects instead of focusing on a smaller number of worthy ones , he said , the United States made it harder for the Iraqis to complete them .
American managers , Mr. Issawi said , operated as though they were " in a vacuum " and " were responsible for everything . "
This provided little opportunity for Iraqi input on the design and purpose of the project .
Deputy Prime Minister Hussein al - Shahristani said there were some successes , like the work on the Port of Umm Qasr .
But in the main , he said , the reconstruction effort was well intentioned , but poorly prepared and inadequately supervised .
The special inspector general himself , Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , estimates that at least $ 8 billion of the $ 60 billion , or 13 percent of the total , had been wasted .
June 19 , 2013 update : Back over to Afghanistan , where we learn today that the U.S. military plans to destroy 20 percent of the materiel it brought to the war in that country – shredded , cut and crushed to be sold for scrap on the Afghan market – which amounts to 170 million pounds worth of equipment , worth some $ 7 billion , as it closes down its role there by the end of 2014 .
The Pentagon says of this massive supply that it is no longer needed or would be too costly to ship .
Maj. Gen. Kurt J. Stein , head of the 1st Sustainment Command , who is in charge of the drawdown from Afghanistan , proudly calls it " the largest retrograde mission in history . "
July 30 , 2013 update : Staying in Afghanistan , where the U.S. taxpayer has dropped $ 934.4 million since 2002 to assist with education : Nathan Hodge and Habib Khan Totakhil tell the story today in the Wall Street Journal of Islamists at Nangarhar University in Jalalabad , the country 's second largest university .
Nangarhar University is a symbol of American largess : U.S. taxpayers foot the bill for dormitories , classrooms and computer labs .
Increasingly dominating the campus of Afghanistan 's second largest university , however , are Islamist activists who openly sympathize with the Taliban . …
This rise of extremism among Afghan students — some of the biggest direct beneficiaries of U.S. assistance — underscores the lack of goodwill that more than a decade of American taxpayer money has bought here .
…
Naeem Jan Sarwary , vice chancellor for student affairs , said the university depended heavily on USAID as well as the local Provincial Reconstruction Team , a U.S. military - led development team , to provide Internet servers , computer laboratories , sports equipment and scholarship money .
International donors helped provide housing for the school 's 500 female students .
Jan. 30 , 2014 update : The Washington Post headline reads " After billions in U.S. investment , Afghan roads are falling apart " ; the rest is details :
They look like victims of an insurgent attack — their limbs in need of amputation , their skulls cracked — but the patients who pour daily into the Ghazni Provincial Hospital are casualties of another Afghan crisis .
They are motorists who drove on the road network built by the U.S. government and other Western donors — a $ 4 billion project that was once a symbol of promise in post - Taliban Afghanistan but is now falling apart .
Western officials say the Afghan government is unable to maintain even a fraction of the roads and highways constructed since 2001 , when the country had less than 50 miles of paved roads .
The deterioration has hurt commerce and slowed military operations .
In many places , the roads once deemed the hallmark of America 's development effort have turned into death traps , full of cars careening into massive bomb - blast craters or sliding off crumbling pavement .
" There 's been nothing .
No maintenance , " said a U.S. official who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was n't authorized to discuss the issue publicly .
…
Some of the roughly 10,000 miles of roads and highways built by Western donors have been worn away by overuse .
Others are shredded by hundreds of improvised explosive devices ( IEDs ) laid by insurgents .
Not long ago , U.S. troops and contractors repaired them , but those resources are now gone .
Here 's the kicker :
Despite those concerns , the U.S. government is still building new roads in Afghanistan , multimillion - dollar projects whose funds were allocated years ago .
…
Many officials worry that the U.S. - funded roads still under construction will fall into disrepair after they 're completed .
One 60 - mile road in eastern Afghanistan , between Khost and Paktia provinces , has cost almost $ 5 million per mile , largely because of the cost of providing security for construction workers .
The last 15 miles are slated to be completed this year .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - White House senior adviser David Axelrod on Thursday said he was “ confident ” that the necessary 60 votes will be marshalled in the Senate to bring healthcare legislation to a vote .
“ I ’m confident that we ’re going to get this done in a way that will hold the coalition together , ” Axelrod said in an interview on “ PBS Newshour . ”
He also said that he expects a vote before the holiday and emphasized “ we are going to get this done . ”
These stunning images show one man ’s incredible 400 hour journey of endurance swimming in the coldest waters in the world .
In a breathtaking feat of dedication to his profession , extreme diver Norbert Wu captured the visual feast swimming under Antarctica ’s captivating sea ice .
Over the past 12 years he has braved the bone - chilling temperatures of the planet ’s most southern continent to piece together his collection .
Majestic emperor penguins fizz through the water like rockets while alien - looking star fish and anemones carpet the busy ocean floor .
But when cute animals and bizarre creatures are not playing up to Wu ’s camera , vast icy caverns and mammoth underwater chambers have allowed him to paint a spectacular view of secret worlds of ice around Antarctica .
Since the 48 - year - old American from Atlanta , Georgia , first visited the vast frozen landscape in 1997 , Norbert ’s love of the dangerous region has grown year on year .
Over seven trips to Antarctica photographer and cameraman Norbert has travelled nearly 200,000 miles to the American Antarctic research stations at McMurdo and Palmer to get his pictures .
Diving six days a week for 12 weeks each visit , he has amassed over 1,000 Antarctic dives equalling an astounding 17 days submerged in the frosty depths .
He said : ‘ The water around McMurdo Station is some of the coldest water in the world at - 1.8 c but it is worth it when you see what is down there .
At dives like that you work very hard to keep the danger out of what you are doing .
How cold you get is a very psychological thing .
One of the coldest I have ever been in my life was when I decided to assist another diver .
Without my camera and without something to focus on meant the cold started to win .
Despite his calmness about the danger of his work , brave Norbert and others like him are facing a hostile environment where just 90 mins in the water could be fatal .
His epic adventures to the vast world of snow and sub - zero temperatures and seen him contributing to over 20 books and a number of TV projects .
Going boldly where few men and women dare , Norbert ’s passion for underwater photography has seen him working on pioneering documentaries including the BBC ’s Life series currently being screened in the UK for the first time .
The first stage is logistical , ’ he said .
‘ Readying the dive and camera gear , and then loading it and then driving to the dive site .
There are lots of details to consider and track , and a moment of absent - mindedness will result in a miscalculation or forgetting something crucial , ruining a dive .
Then it ’s about getting into the dive gear , making sure everything is connected , seated right on my body and functioning properly .
Finally you slip into the water , usually through an hole in the ice drilled for you several feet deep .
You reach up to take camera gear being handed to you before dropping down a bit underwater and checking the camera to make sure it is n’t leaking and that it is functioning properly .
Then you head off to what it is we want to shoot .
Despite the specialised nature of his work , Norbert did n’t always plan to be floating around under groaning sheets of ice in a lonely world .
Many scuba divers get interested in underwater photography after they start diving in order to record what they see for their enjoyment .
It was just a natural progression from there . ’
I did n’t start underwater photography thinking it would lead to anything .
But you never know where life will take you , and if you had told me long ago that I would be doing what I ’m doing now , I would n’t have believed you . ’
Even after the shocking amount of time he has swam at sub - zero temperatures ,
Wu said his health has remained relatively in tact .
After my first season in 1997 I spent a couple of years with stiff hands .
They were n’t as flexible as they used to be .
I was pretty alarmed at that but it has either gone away or I do n’t notice it any more .
That ’s the only negative physical thing I ’ve experienced . ’
Norbert will return to Antarctica ’s Palmer station when he will finish his next project documenting the area ’s marine life .
Check more Daily News
Climate policy remains deplorable
Become a Member of The Canadian : Pledge $ 10.00 or over .
Featured LINK .
Online dating .
Alternative Lifestyles Personals .
Free and Anonymous Membership
Special to The Canadian
PHOTO : Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
The government of Canada has used strong - arm tactics to shut down two parody websites criticizing Canada ’s poor environmental policy , taking down 4500 other websites in the process .
The two websites , “ enviro - canada.ca ” and “ ec - gc.ca ” , are “ directly connected to a hoax which misleads people into believing that the Government of Canada will take certain actions in relation to environmental matters , ” wrote Mike Landreville from Environment Canada in an email to the German Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) Serverloft .
“ We trust you appreciate the importance of avoiding confusion among the public concerning Canadian governmental affairs and that you will assist us in preventing this hoax from spreading further . ”
In a remarkable overstepping of bounds , Landreville also asked the ISP to “ make every effort to prevent any further attempts concerning other environment - related domains ( enviro , ec - gc , etc. ) originating from your servers . ”
In response to Environment Canada ’s request , Serverloft immediately turned off a whole block of IP addresses , knocking out more than 4500 websites that had nothing to do with the parody sites or the activists who created them .
Serverloft was shown no warrant , and never called the web hosting company about the shutdown .
“ We are sorry to see that the Canadian government will not ‘ take certain actions ’ that could help stave off catastrophic climate change , ” said Mike Bonanno of The Yes Men , one of the groups that performed the “ sophisticated hoax ” two weeks ago that involved the fake sites .
“ And we are also sorry to see that they do n’t care so much for free speech . ”
“ Surely the Canadian government has better things to do than shut down thousands of websites , beg the US for photo opps , and berate NGOs for things they have n’t done , ” said Andy Bichlbaum of The Yes Men .
“ They could instead figure out reasonable ways of responding to their growing legion of critics . ”
The websites that Canada shut down were part of an elaborate “ identity correction ” carried out by anonymous Canadian activists , the Climate Debt Agents of Action Aid , and The Yes Men .
They used press releases and fake websites to announce that Canada would adopt science - based emission targets – reducing emissions by 40 % over 1990 levels by 2020 and 80 % by 2050 – and would pay the countries most impacted by climate change a proportional amount of the $ 600 billion total recommended by the United Nations to mitigate and adapt to climate change .
They even used a replica of the UN conference center podium to show “ Uganda ” reacting with glee to the plan , before seeing their “ tragic hopes ” dashed .
Canada had prepared for just such an eventuality by creating a so - called “ Climate Change War Room , ” a special office tasked with delivering rapid - response messaging to any negative media coverage around Canada ’s role at the Copenhagen climate change negotiations .
Despite these efforts , last week ’s flurry of parody announcements , which the prime minister ’s office called a “ childish prank , ” received enormous media attention across Canada and caused at least two embarrassing media moments for Canadian high officials .
Canada has been heavily criticized for its increasingly deplorable climate policy , and this year in Copenhagen was awarded the “ Colossal Fossil ” prize for worst behaviour in the COP - 15 negotiations .
The group giving the award , the Climate Action Network , is a global coalition of more than 500 organizations working on climate change .
The predictions for the 2010 California housing market are rolling out in mass .
Predicting the future is never easy or even possible in many cases .
I am reminded of the Black Swan events in Nassim Taleb ’s excellent book where extraordinary events shake up years of imagined stability .
The real estate bubble is a perfect Black Swan event .
Sure we had mega regional housing bubbles like Florida in the 1920s but the generation that vividly remembered that event is no longer with us .
Why was real estate a Black Swan ?
Well it falls into the category of stability simply because of a long history of gains .
Yet this does not imply continued gains .
One powerful catchphrase during the bubble was , “ housing values have never gone down on a nationwide basis . ”
This was true until it was n’t .
Manias of this magnitude do not happen often .
We have examples in history like Tulip Mania in Holland during the 1600s , the South Sea Bubble , and more recently the technology bubble .
Yet in many previous bubbles the events were largely localized to a group , city , or country at best .
This massive housing bubble went global reaching cities like London , New York , Sydney , Tokyo , Barcelona , and Los Angeles .
The amount of money involved is also historical .
But to predict the future of housing values is now largely thrown into a game of speculation .
And this is a new twist .
It was largely assumed that housing for nearly a century tracked inflation .
Yet during the past decade , because of the mania people started concocting wild stories as to why real estate was appreciating in the double - digits year after year .
The “ New Normal ” was constant double - digit returns .
An astute reader sent me over the California Association of Realtors ’ prediction for 2010 .
He also managed to pick up a few of their previous predictions .
I have compiled some of the data on the chart below for easy reference :
The green row is the actual price drop for each year .
The blue row is the CAR forecast for each year .
What the above should tell you is that one massively bad year can wipe out years of steady gains .
In 2006 the CAR forecasted a 10 percent increase and the market went up by 6.5 percent .
Not bad but understated the actual gain .
This is when the median California home was selling for $ 556,000 .
The next year it predicted a price drop of 2 percent but the market nudged out a 0.7 percent gain reaching its annualized peak of $ 560,000 .
Then the market imploded .
The CAR ’s forecast for 2008 was a drop of 4 percent when in reality the market lost 38 percent .
This is how off this one year prediction was :
CAR Forecast
$ 560,000 x 0.04 = A drop of $ 22,400
Actual Price Drop
$ 560,000 – $ 346,400 = $ 213,600
That is a massive miscalculation .
This is like saying tomorrow is going to be a sunny day but in reality having a category 5 hurricane hitting .
You can have 10 years of sunny days but one massive hurricane will wipe all of those days out .
You would think that people would be more cautious the following year with their predictions .
Let us see how it did the following year :
CAR Forecast
$ 346,400 x 0.06 = A drop of $ 20,784
Actual Price Drop
$ 346,400 – $ 271,000 = $ 75,400
That is a sizeable difference in my book .
Given that the median U.S. household income is $ 50,000 making this kind of prediction error is rather large .
Of course the 2008 forecast was off by nearly $ 200,000 .
Now why is the above important to analyze ?
Price is hard to predict because markets are largely unpredictable .
But there is one thing that is certain in bubbles when they pop .
Prices collapse .
California has many wildcard factors like shadow inventory , option ARMs , and failed moratoriums hitting the market in 2010 .
What impact will this have on price ?
Price predictions in a bubble are nonsense because they follow no logic or economic fundamentals .
Prices will go as high as the speculation and gambling gene will allow people to go .
So what else do we know ?
Look at the chart above one more time .
Look at the 30 year fixed rate mortgage .
It was extremely stable even during the peak years .
That is because in California much of the price inflation came from Alt - A and option ARM products .
These items are now gone for the most part and option ARMs are now banned .
FHA insured loans are now taking over the market because of the low 3.5 percent down payment but there seems to be a cap being hit at roughly $ 300,000 .
Why ?
Because incomes simply cannot support any higher prices .
Take a look at the 30 year fixed mortgage history :
Now the above chart shows another Black Swan event hitting with mortgage rates touching a 17.5 percent high in 1981 .
Did people see this coming in 1977 , 78 , or 79 ?
Probably not if they were being honest with you .
Right now people are assuming mortgage rates will stay artificially low just because they have been low for a decade .
But right now the only reason rates are this low is because the Federal Reserve has bought up over $ 1 trillion in mortgage backed securities .
Can the Fed keep this up ?
It can only keep this game going as long as foreigners keep buying up our debt but the U.S. dollar ’s wild swings show a major event is bound to happen .
When ?
Who really knows but this path is unsupportable .
And now , the high end market is facing major pain .
Take a look at mortgages that are $ 1 million or above :
12 percent of mortgages with a balance of $ 1 million or more are now 90 days late .
Last year , this number was 4.7 percent .
If we look at mortgages with a balance of $ 250,000 or less we find that 6.3 percent are in distress .
Now this is a stunning piece of data .
You would logically think that those with higher mortgages would have lower distress rates simply because they have higher incomes .
But the math at least with monthly cash flows is simple .
Spend less than you earn .
If you bring in $ 25,000 a month and spend $ 30,000 you will have problems .
Now if you bought a $ 2 million home that is now worth $ 1.25 million , will you continue to pay ?
Many of the California option ARMs and Alt - A loans are connected to these high priced properties .
And as you would probably figure out on your own , a loss on a million dollar loan takes a bigger hit than a $ 100,000 loan :
“ ( Bloomberg ) Luxury home prices probably will drop another 5 percent before reaching a bottom in September 2010 , according to Sam Khater , senior economist at First American .
Those declines may lead to losses on jumbo mortgages that dwarf the “ haircut , ” or discount to full value , that banks take on short sales or foreclosures of moderately priced homes , said Rodriguez , the agent with JM Group in Miami .
“ When the bank takes a loss on a $ 3 million property it ’s a lot bigger than the loss on a home with a $ 150,000 mortgage , ” Rodriquez said . ”
This market is completely stalled .
Even with FHA insured loans going up to $ 729,750 that is not enough for some of these million dollar toxic loans .
And why should it even go higher ?
The median price nationally is $ 173,100 .
The only reason to increase anything is to allow the upper crust to have another exit hatch ( as if they need another one after the massive banking bailouts ) .
And the economy of California is still in shambles .
The current employment situation is deeply troubling :
This is really where I find it hard to see any major price jumps for California housing .
How can we predict housing gains when unemployment is still near its peak ?
Also , we have a $ 21 billion budget deficit starring at us squarely in the eyes .
What that means is higher taxes or more cuts .
Either way , this will be a drag on the economy .
The fact of the matter is housing prices in California are still too high relative to the actual economy .
Those spiking million dollar loan delinquencies basically means we are moving onto the next phase of this bursting housing bubble .
The mid tier will also take a hit .
But to try to put an actual price is more for entertainment value .
As you can see from previous forecasts use them at your own peril .
The California housing market is as volatile as a chemistry set and 2010 is sure to bring us things that we simply have no way of forecasting .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Akmal Shaikh was arrested in 2007
The cousin of a British man executed in China has said he is " sad and disappointed " by his death .
Akmal Shaikh , 53 , a father - of - three from London , was executed on Tuesday after being convicted of drug smuggling despite claims he was mentally ill .
His execution went ahead despite repeated calls from his family and the British government for clemency .
Soohail Shaikh thanked the government for its support , and the Chinese for letting him visit his cousin .
He and his brother Nasir Shaikh had travelled to China to visit their cousin in prison and make a last - minute plea for clemency .
' Powerless '
Speaking to the BBC as he arrived at Beijing airport to fly back to the UK , Soohail Shaikh said : " I got a lot of tremendous support from the British government .
I would like to thank the foreign secretary , the foreign minister and all the British consular here . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He also thanked the Chinese government for allowing a visit to Mr Shaikh the day before he was executed .
But in a letter to The Guardian , Mr Shaikh 's cousins Amina and Ridwan Shaikh said the UK had sought to protect its economic interests , rather than confront China over the case .
It said : " Did the British government pull out its diplomats in protest ?
Did it have a hard - hitting strategy to persuade the Chinese authorities to change their decision ?
" This is an example of Britain 's powerlessness in the world . "
On Tuesday , Foreign Office Minister Ivan Lewis told the Chinese ambassador " China had failed in its basic human rights responsibilities " .
In a statement issued after the execution , the Chinese Embassy said Mr Shaikh 's rights " were properly respected and guaranteed " and British concerns were " duly noted and taken into consideration " .
It said : " As for his possible mental illness which has been much talked about , there apparently has been no previous medical record . "
CHINA DEATH PENALTY China executed 1,718 people in 2008 , according to Amnesty International Last year 72 % of the world 's total executions took place in China , the charity estimates
It applies to 60 offences , including non-violent crimes such as tax fraud and embezzlement
Those sentenced to death are usually shot , but some provinces are introducing lethal injections Executions shrouded in secrecy Q&A : Bipolar disorder A report from the official Chinese news agency Xinhua said that China 's Supreme People 's Court had not been provided with any documentation proving that Mr Shaikh had a mental disorder .
Mr Lewis said the government had made 27 representations to China in two years , and believed it had done everything it possibly could .
Mr Shaikh is the first EU national to be executed in China in more than 50 years .
In its statement , the Chinese Embassy said Mr Shaikh was convicted of " serious " drug trafficking .
Mr Shaikh 's family said he had been delusional and duped into carrying a suitcase that did not belong to him when he was found with 4kg of heroin in Urumqi , north - west China , in September 2007 .
His daughter has said drug smugglers in Poland convinced him they would make him a pop star in China .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last week the White House held a jobs summit with academics and lawmakers to come up with a strategy for job creation .
The result of their cogitation was presented by President Barack Obama on Tuesday during a speech at the Brookings Institution .
The plan includes a wide - ranging new jobs program focused on infrastructure investment , small - business initiatives , and aid to state and local governments .
Sound familiar ?
It should , because this new plan is nothing more than a repeat of the first job creation program — the so - called stimulus plan — signed into law by the administration back in February .
Back then , the White House claimed that if we passed the $ 789 billion American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , unemployment would be contained and jobs would be created immediately .
The chart below illustrates how well , or not , that job creation program has worked so far .
Using the most recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and data from the Administration 's website Recovery.gov , it shows the number of jobs lost and the number of jobs " created or saved " between February and October 2009 by state .
This chart also assumes , for the sake of argument , that the concept of a " created or saved " job is not a completely fictitious and unverifiable metric of the effectiveness of the stimulus .
As we can see here , with only the exceptions of Minnesota and Vermont , the number of jobs lost outpaces the number of jobs " created or saved . "
Since February , the economy has shed 3,179,328 jobs while the Administration claims to have " created or saved " 638,825 jobs .
This means that , on average , for each job created or saved , over 6 jobs were lost .
A deeper look into the job creation data reveals that most of the jobs were " created or saved " in the public sector .
Based on data from Stimulus Watch , we find that of the jobs the administration claims to have created with stimulus funds , only some 140,765 of them were private jobs .
Furthermore , according the Bureau of Labor Statistics , since the passage of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act private industry has suffered a net loss of 2,610,000 employees ( or 2.3 percent of total private employment ) , while the government has only lost 46,000 employees from its payroll ( or 0.2 percent of total government employment ) .
In other words , most of the job losses occurred in the private sector rather than in the public sector .
This means that on average , the number of private jobs lost for every private job created is far greater than 6 .
This chart provides some evidence that the first stimulus has failed to deliver on the promises made by the administration — namely , to stop unemployment growth and promote job creation .
Finally , consider the Congressional Budget Office 's statement on page 9 of its report , Estimated Impact of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act on Employment and Economic Output as of September 2009 , that " it is impossible to determine how many of the reported jobs would have existed in the absence of the stimulus package . "
It seems clear that for the sake of taxpayers and for the sake of job creation , a second stimulus is absolutely the wrong idea .
Veronique de Rugy , Ph.D. , is a senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University and a monthly columnist for the print edition of Reason .
Lord Mandelson declared war on the Murdoch empire today when he accused News Corporation of maintaining an " iron grip " on pay television and warned that the company wants to import rightwing Fox News - style journalism to Britain .
In his strongest attacks on News Corp since the Sun abandoned its support for Labour hours after Gordon Brown 's party conference speech , the business secretary accused the company of imperilling the traditions of British broadcasting .
Mandelson 's intervention came as Rupert Murdoch faces a growing fight with the Australian government over a controversial tax avoidance scheme put in place when News Corp moved its headquarters to the US .
Sydney tax commissioners claim that an elaborate series of legal manoeuvres , dubbed " flip and spin " by News Corp , wrongly deprived authorities in Australia , Britain and the US of billions of dollars in capital gains tax .
In a sign that Murdoch also faces a fight in Britain , Mandelson turned his fire on a joint Tory - News Corp campaign to dismantle the broadcasting regulator , Ofcom .
The business secretary , who claimed last month that the Sun had agreed a " contract " with the Conservatives in which David Cameron would help News Corp 's business interests , told peers : " There are some in the commercial sector who believe that the future of British media would be served by cutting back the role of the media regulator .
They take this view because they want to commandeer more space and income for themselves and because they want to maintain their iron grip on pay - TV , a market in which many viewers feel they are paying more than they should for their music and sport .
They also want to erode the commitment to impartiality .
In other words , to fill British airwaves with more Fox - style news . "
Mandelson , who was speaking during the second reading debate of the government 's Digital Britain bill , pledged that the government would fight News Corp 's " worldview " that profit alone should drive broadcasting and journalism .
" They believe that profit alone should drive the gathering and circulation of news rather than allowing a role for what they call ' state - sponsored journalism ' .
The government and this bill reject this worldview , and I hope that the whole house , including the Conservatives , will make clear today that they think likewise , and that they will support Ofcom – including its efforts to ensure consumers are getting a fair deal in the pay - tv market . "
Mandelson 's remarks show that Labour , which itself faced accusations of becoming too close to Murdoch when the Sun endorsed Tony Blair shortly before the 1997 election , is spoiling for a pre-election fight with News Corp .
Mandelson believes that , unlike New Labour in 1997 , the Tories have provided clear evidence of how they are pursuing a near identical agenda to News Corp .
Cameron pledged to dismantle Ofcom during a speech in July devoted to " cutting back the quango state " .
The Tory leader said : " With a Conservative government , Ofcom as we know it will cease to exist . "
James Murdoch , the chief executive of News Corp in Europe and Asia , accused Ofcom in August of imposing an " astonishing " burden of regulation on Sky .
In his MacTaggart lecture at the MediaGuardian Edinburgh International Television Festival , Murdoch said : " The repeated assertion by Ofcom of its bias against intervention is becoming impossible to believe in the face of so much evidence of the opposite . "
His remarks echoed his father 's landmark 1989 MacTaggart lecture in which he criticised the " narrow elite " that he said controlled British broadcasting .
Ed Richards ,
Ofcom 's chief executive , said the criticisms were inspired by its investigation into the UK pay - TV market .
" If you look at some of these cases you often find it 's a specific response to an area of activity , " he told MPs this week .
" We know full well Sky and Mr Murdoch are uncomfortable about our investigation into pay - TV because Sky is part of it . "
Mandelson said the Digital Britain bill would reform Ofcom by requiring it to take a " new forward role " in ensuring the media market has the " right mix of impartial and national and local news " .
He said : " Ofcom represents an important means of securing media standards , securing strong public service content and securing investment in the future infrastructure of the digital economy .
Ofcom should be strengthened , not emasculated . "
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
Some sources say this year could be the third warmest on record
This year will be one of the top five warmest years globally since records began 150 years ago , according to figures compiled by the Met Office .
The UK's weather service projects that , unless there is an exceptionally cold spell before the end of the year , temperatures will be up on last year .
Climate sceptics had pointed out that the temperature rise appeared to have stalled in the last decade or so .
That was caused in part by the Pacific La Nina current , which cools the Earth .
But the influence of La Nina declined in the spring and the Met Office project that , barring a very cold December , this year will be the fifth warmest on record .
Other sources say it could even be the third warmest .
The last ten years have been in the top 15 warmest on record .
And this summer the UK enjoyed temperatures higher than the long - term average .
Although the Met Office was pilloried after forecasting a " barbecue summer " , it was their rainfall forecast , not the projected temperatures , that was wrong .
Next year we will see the influence of the warming El Nino current , and the Met Office says there is a 50 % chance that global temperatures will hit an all - time high .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ever since 4th grade when a fellow classmate dressed up as George Washington Carver and made ( and shared ) peanut butter for a class project , I 've always wanted to make my own homemade peanut butter .
Many years later , as I 've come to value homemade , natural items , I finally attempted making peanut butter .
In making it , I was particularly curious : is it cheaper to make my own natural peanut butter or to buy it ?
The short answer is : it depends .
For this cost comparison I purchased a jar of Trader Joe 's Natural Peanut Butter ( 16 ounces ) .
The cost : $ 1.79
I also purchased a bag of Trader Joe 's Dry Roasted and Salted Peanuts ( 1 pound ) .
The cost : $ 2.19
So , at least if purchasing pre-salted peanuts at Trader Joe 's , buying pre-made peanut butter is better .
However , for my second batch of peanut butter I purchased Planters peanuts at Costco for $ 7.29 for 4 pounds ( $ 1.82 / lb ) .
And if you 're buying natural peanut butter at a regular grocery store it 's likely going to cost you upwards of $ 3.50 / jar .
( On Amazon they sell Skippy natural peanut butter for $ 18.60 / 6 jars or $ 3.10 / jar . )
Even if homemade peanut butter is slightly more expensive to make it , it 's well worth it .
First , it 's incredibly easy .
Second , you can modify the flavor .
And finally , it tastes absolutely delicious .
Here 's the recipe I used :
Homemade Peanut Butter Recipe
Ingredients :
Peanuts ( Shelled )
Salt ( optional and to taste )
Peanut or Canola Oil ( optional and probably not needed )
Step 1 : Place peanuts in a food processor and chop until desired consistency .
Usually this will take up to 5 - 7 minutes for creamy peanut butter .
( Note that at first the peanuts will chop finely , but it takes several minutes for them to chop into a creamy , oily consistency .
Some recipes call for adding oil , I did n't find it necessary . )
Step 2 : Mix in salt if you use unsalted peanuts .
Or add additional flavors like chocolate or honey .
That 's it .
The peanut butter fresh out of the food processor tastes delicious because it 's warm from all of the blending .
I divided my peanut butter into half and added 2 tablespoons of honey — delicious .
Another idea is to blend in chocolate chips at the very end ( once the peanut butter is smooth ) .
A gourmet peanut butter company , PB Loco , is a good source of ideas for recipe modification — such as raspberry white chocolate .
( Or , if you do n't want to try to make your own Asian Curry Spice peanut butter you can just buy some .
I 've had a number of their flavors and love them . )
Gift Idea
Homemade peanut butter is a great gift idea for the Holiday season .
Buy a case of canning jars , some bulk peanuts , and you 've got a great ( tasty ) gift idea .
What products do you make homemade instead of buying at the store ?
Do you make because it 's cheaper , tastes better , or both ?
The Memo
DATE : December 12 , 1991
TO : Distribution
FR : Lawrence H. Summers
Subject : GEP
' Dirty ' Industries : Just between you and me , should n't the World Bank be encouraging MORE migration of the dirty industries to the LDCs [ Less Developed Countries ] ?
I can think of three reasons :
1 ) The measurements of the costs of health impairing pollution depends on the foregone earnings from increased morbidity and mortality .
From this point of view a given amount of health impairing pollution should be done in the country with the lowest cost , which will be the country with the lowest wages .
I think the economic logic behind dumping a load of toxic waste in the lowest wage country is impeccable and we should face up to that .
2 ) The costs of pollution are likely to be non-linear as the initial increments of pollution probably have very low cost .
I 've always though that under - populated countries in Africa are vastly UNDER - polluted , their air quality is probably vastly inefficiently low compared to Los Angeles or Mexico City .
Only the lamentable facts that so much pollution is generated by non-tradable industries ( transport , electrical generation ) and that the unit transport costs of solid waste are so high prevent world welfare enhancing trade in air pollution and waste .
3 ) The demand for a clean environment for aesthetic and health reasons is likely to have very high income elasticity .
The concern over an agent that causes a one in a million change in the odds of prostrate cancer is obviously going to be much higher in a country where people survive to get prostrate cancer than in a country where under 5 mortality is is 200 per thousand .
Also , much of the concern over industrial atmosphere discharge is about visibility impairing particulates .
These discharges may have very little direct health impact .
Clearly trade in goods that embody aesthetic pollution concerns could be welfare enhancing .
While production is mobile the consumption of pretty air is a non-tradable .
The problem with the arguments against all of these proposals for more pollution in LDCs ( intrinsic rights to certain goods , moral reasons , social concerns , lack of adequate markets , etc. ) could be turned around and used more or less effectively against every Bank proposal for liberalization .
Postscript
After the memo became public in February 1992 , Brazil 's then - Secretary of the Environment Jose Lutzenburger wrote back to Summers : " Your reasoning is perfectly logical but totally insane ...
Your thoughts [ provide ] a concrete example of the unbelievable alienation , reductionist thinking , social ruthlessness and the arrogant ignorance of many conventional ' economists ' concerning the nature of the world we live in ...
If the World Bank keeps you as vice president it will lose all credibility .
To me it would confirm what I often said ... the best thing that could happen would be for the Bank to disappear . "
Sadly , Mr. Lutzenburger was fired shortly after writing this letter .
Mr. Summers , on the other hand , was appointed the U.S. Treasury Secretary on July 2nd , 1999 , and served through the remainder of the Clinton Admistration .
Afterwards , he was named president of Harvard University .
Â©Copyright 2009 , The Oklahoman
Larry Jones took bribes and hid hard - core porn magazines at the charity , Feed The Children is alleging in a countersuit against its fired president .
The charity also is accusing Jones in the civil case of other misdeeds , including misspending charity funds , pocketing travel money , keeping gifts from appearances and misusing a charity employee as a nanny .
Jones , 69 , denied wrongdoing .
" They fired me wrongfully , ” Jones said Tuesday evening .
" What they ’re trying to do is build a case up against me so that will hold up .
It wo n’t hold up … I did n’t do anything .
…
If I had … done anything wrong , you better believe I would have taken everything out of the office … because I knew I was probably going to be fired .
" This is crazy , ” he said .
" I ’m not saying they ca n’t live without me , but everywhere I go , people say , ‘ Feed The Children is Larry Jones and Larry Jones is Feed The Children . ’
And what they ’re trying to do is bury me … with all these trumped - up charges . ”
He specifically said the alleged bribes were above - board payments to him and that the magazines were research for a new novel , " The Zipper Disease , ” about AIDS in Africa .
Jones on Nov. 10 filed a wrongful - termination lawsuit against the charity and its board of directors .
Attorneys for the charity made the new accusations against him in the countersuit filed Monday .
Organization says it is continuing mission
The countersuit is the latest twist in the turmoil at the Oklahoma City - based Christian relief organization .
The charity is known nationwide , primarily from Jones ’ heart - wrenching television appeals for funds to feed starving children .
Jones had been the face of the charity since founding it 30 years ago .
In a statement Tuesday , the organization said it is strong and viable and " continues to fulfill its biblical mission each and every day . ”
It said officials have worked for two years to correct Jones ’ misguided actions and end his free - wheeling dominance of the organization .
" We believe that Larry started out as a man with a mission to help children and families .
We will continue that mission .
Additionally , we will continue to defend this organization , ” said Rick England , chairman of the charity ’s board of directors .
Jones was fired Nov. 6 after admitting he had hidden microphones installed in the offices of three top executives at odds with him .
Police investigated Jones after remnants of the recording devices were found .
Prosecutors decided not to file any charges .
Jones said he did nothing illegal because he intended to record only his own conversations .
Jones also was fired because directors decided he solicited a $ 22,000 bribe from a supplier .
Jones said he only asked for help with legal expenses and the vendor took his request the wrong way .
Evidence of other wrongdoing was found after his termination , the charity and its attorneys said .
" The unexpected discovery of pornographic material , along with other personal items found in his offices , leaves this board of directors saddened , but certain the right decision was made , ” the charity said in its media statement Tuesday .
In the countersuit , the charity ’s attorneys described the material as publications and excerpts from publications ranging " from hardcore pornography to incestuous sexual family relationships . ”
The attorneys said the material was found hidden in his charity office and a nearby private area .
The attorneys identified some of the publications as Family Affairs , Taboo ’s Family Heat , Best of Family Touch , Penthouse Secret Fantasies , The Penthouse Sex Files , Penthouse Forum , Best of Forum Letters , Penthouse Letters , Penthouse , Penthouse Variations and Playboy .
‘ I ’ve never taken a bribe , ’ Jones says
As an evangelist in the 1970s , Jones crusaded against pornography .
In his book , " Keep Walking , ” Jones wrote he even bought a bulletproof vest because of multiple death threats early in his campaign .
Jones said Tuesday he intended to send the magazines to a Nashville ghost writer , Tom Carter , to explain to the writer how bad pornography has become .
He said the ghost writer is helping him with a series of novels , including " The Zipper Disease . ”
" I ’m not a dirty , old man .
All of this was done for research , ” Jones said .
The charity ’s attorneys said evidence Jones took bribes was found in documentation in his office after his termination .
The attorneys said the documents show Affiliated Media Group — which buys TV time for Feed The Children ’s fundraising spots — regularly paid Jones .
The attorneys alleged Jones concealed the payments .
The attorneys also alleged Jones secretly entered into a three - year contract with Affiliated Media Group and persuaded the company to put his son on its payroll .
Jones said Tuesday , " I ’ve never taken a bribe in my life . ”
Jones said he was paid about $ 10,000 a month in sales commissions by Affiliated Media Group .
He said he was paid because he recruited preachers to use the company for their own fundraising spots and air them before or after a Feed The Children spot .
He said that arrangement helped reduce Feed The Children ’s costs for airtime , too .
He said the payments ended years ago .
" The owner said to me , ‘ Hey , man , you ’re one of the best salesmen I ’ve got .
I do n’t feel right you doing this without remuneration . ’
I said , ‘ Whatever you want to do is fine with me . ’ …
It was the same as … what his salesmen were getting , ” Jones told The Oklahoman .
About getting his son a job , " I ca n’t say that I did n’t help do that .
He worked for Affiliated Media .
He does n’t any more , but he did .
There was nothing wrong with that .
…
If you came to me and said you wanted your son to go work for me and your son was capable in an area we needed him , then what would be wrong with that ? ”
Quantum Man : Richard Feynman's
Life in Science
Atom : A Single Oxygen Atom's Journey from the
Big Bang to Life on Earth ... and Beyond
The Physics of Star Trek
$ 1,200 here we come .
Bernanke just got punk'd .
Again .
From the Financial Chronicle of India :
India is open to buying more gold from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
It bought 200 tonnes for $ 6.7 billion on November 3 .
The Reserve Bank of India ( RBI ) may well buy IMF ’s remaining hoard of 201.3 tonnes on acceptable terms , which are now under negotiation .
A government official said that the additional purchase would depend on the “ successful pitching by RBI ” .
“ RBI is an independent body , and the government does not interfere in its affairs .
It will get the gold if its bid is successful and at the price it has offered , ” said the official .
RBI did not respond to Financial Chronicle questions if it was bidding for the remaining IMF gold .
The purchase of the first lot of 200 tonnes , RBI had said at the time , was a part of its foreign exchange reserves management operations .
Responding to query from FC , an IMF spokesperson said the gold sale process was still under way and “ there is no fixed timetable for completing the sale ” .
Its spokesperson further said that “ the fund does not wish to comment on discussions with individual members . ”
RBI has good reasons to further enrich its gold reserves .
In just three weeks it has been able to benefit by as much as $ 800 million on the investment of $ 6.7 billion it made in buying 200 tonnes from IMF .
Since 1999 RBI has been periodically valuing its gold reserves at “ prices close to the market ” .
It has not done so since it purchased the gold from IMF .
RBI bought the 200 tonnes at $ 1,045 an ounce .
The transaction , from IMF to RBI , involved daily sales that were staggered over a two - week period , October 19 - 30 , with each daily sale conducted at a price set on the basis of that day ’s market price .
BRUSSELS 
The last time the European Union decided the future of its 50 billion euro agricultural aid program , in 2005 , the deal was cut behind closed doors in a luxury suite at the five - star Conrad Brussels hotel .
The president of France , Jacques Chirac , and the chancellor of Germany , Gerhard Schröder , joined forces in secret to protect the program against cuts until 2013 , outmaneuvering Tony Blair , the British prime minister , who was left fuming over the generous subsidies .
Now , 2013 is closer at hand and a new round of maneuvering has begun to reshape the richest system of agricultural handouts in the world .
At stake are a host of delicate  some would argue intractable  issues that have hardened to the point where resolution will be all the more difficult :
Who should receive the subsidies ?
What is their purpose ?
Is there a way to tie payments to a crackdown on fraud and corruption ?
Can they be more directed at small farmers instead of multinational conglomerates ?
9
Anyway ... after I made that thread on the misc , the mods deleted it .
I then thought about what I should do with the bish ; should I toss it out ?
Nah that seemed like a waste .
Should I sell it ?
Maybe ... but not yet .
Perhaps I could give it a makeover ?
Afterall it was a little banged up .
So I decided to use more old clothing and masking tape to fix it up a bit : I patched up the arm , re-attached the breast , took off its cover girl magazine picture of a face and temporarily replaced it with with a foam sphere
Personal Quote :
[ on incorporating digitized images of deceased actors in current films ]
I do n't know quite how I feel about that .
I guess it 's progress .
You can't slow that thing down .
I imagine they 'll soon be able to - if they do n't do this already - take a little De Niro , a little Brando , a little Bridges and just a drop of Julie Andrews and shake that up .
It 's gonna get weird .
MEDICAL ASSOCIATION SUPPORTS ENDING POLICY
Frank responding to backlash Dems ’ inaction on gay rights , critics say
The US military ’s “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy barring homosexuals from serving openly in the armed forces will “ likely ” be ended next year , in the 2010 defense spending bill , says US House Rep. Barney Frank .
ADVERTISEMENT
Frank , who is only the second openly gay member of the House of Representatives , told Advocate.com that repealing DADT as part of a military spending bill was always the plan for approaching the issue .
“ Military issues are always done as part of the overall authorization bill , ” Frank said .
“ ’ Do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ was always going to be part of the military authorization . ”
This marks the first time that a prominent Democrat with access to the Obama administration has set a timeline for ending the controversial military policy .
In October , President Barack Obama told a fundraiser of the gay - rights group Human Rights Campaign that he planned to end DADT , but was almost instantly criticized for not stating when .
But Frank ’s announcement was met with skepticism by some progressive and gay - rights bloggers , who noted that the Advocate article cites Frank as saying the repeal will “ likely ” be included in the bill , and noting also that they would be more certain of the new policy ’s implementation if the news came from a member of the Obama administration and not a congressman .
“ The problem is ‘ might ’ is n’t good enough , ” writes John Avarosis at AmericaBlog .
“ And Barney Frank as the messenger is n’t good enough .
A senior White House official needs to go public , by name , and tell the world that the White House is going to push for the repeal of Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell next spring . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Avarosis says he believes a boycott of the Democratic Party that he helped launch several days ago helped spur Frank into making his statement .
The “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Give ” boycott — which is supported by numerous progressive blogs and organizations and is described as a “ pause ” in donations to the Democratic Party — came in reaction to the Obama administration ’s perceived lack of action on gay - rights issues .
AMA URGES REPEAL OF DADT
The American Medical Association , the US ’s largest doctors ’ group , voted on Tuesday to oppose the “ Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell ” policy , and adopted a resolution stating that bans on same - sex marriage contribute to health disparities .
But , as the Associated Press noted , the organization stopped short of supporting gay marriage .
The AMA “ made clear that Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell should be repealed because of the ethical dilemma between doctors and LGBT service members who are unable to share all of the information that may be necessary in giving medical guidance and treatment , ” Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese said in a statement .
ADVERTISEMENT
Conservative groups expressed disappointment over the decision .
Focus on the Family ’s Jenny Tyree told the Houston Chronicle that the AMA ’s decision was based on a “ political agenda . ”
She said disparities in health care for gay and straight people should be addressed in health care reform , without touching the definition of marriage .
… than they are of the U.S. Congress .
That ’s the conclusion that I draw from two Wall Street Journal articles : “ Crisis Spurs Migration to Israel ” and “ Building Peace Without Obama ’s Interference ” .
Despite the threat of a devastating nuclear attack from Iran , which would presumably reduce the value of any investment to zero , the Israeli economy has lower unemployment than the U.S. and strong economic growth .
The West Bank Palestinian economy is doing even better , with a Chinese - style growth rate estimated between 7 and 11 percent .
What does it say about the regulatory and tax environment here in the U.S. that an investor would rather build a factory in a war zone ?
Separately , the WSJ has an interesting opinion piece explaining why low interest rates may be hurting U.S. companies ’ ability to get capital :
Enlarge By Mark Hoffman , Milwaukee Journal - Sentinel via AP
A 15 - year - old aged Wisconsin cheddar made by Hook 's Cheese Company retails for $ 50 a pound at Larry 's Market in Mineral Point , Wis. MINERAL POINT , Wis. ( AP )  A 15 - year - old cheddar made in Wisconsin , possibly the most mature cheese for sale in the country , is selling well despite the $ 50 - per- pound price tag , its producer said Saturday .
Hook 's 15 - year Sharp Cheddar , produced in 1994 , went up for sale in a handful of outlets on Friday and has proven popular , said cheese maker Tony Hook .
" It started moving a lot faster than we expected , " said Hook , 57 , who — along with his wife and brother — runs Hook 's Cheese Co in Mineral Point , Wisconsin .
" People have been so excited about it . "
The cheddar began as part of a gigantic batch that weighed 5,200 pounds .
The Hooks let much of the batch age , and sold large chunks at the 10 - and 12 - year marks .
But they felt it was aging so flavorfully that they saved 1,200 pounds to let it mature a few years longer , Hook said .
It 's rare for cheddar to last that long , said John Umhoefer , the executive director of the Wisconsin Cheese Makers Association .
" Fifteen years is a good stretch of time to hold a cheddar — perhaps as long as a cheddar can hold for most people 's palates , " Umhoefer told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel .
" Making a cheddar that ripe , without it turning bitter or acidic , is a rare skill . "
Umhoefer said he thought Hook 's cheddar could be the oldest available on the market .
There may be older cheddars , he said , but those would be in private collections .
The average cheddar fan is probably used to fresher samples .
Shredded samples available in grocery stores are probably one to two months old , Hook said .
But anyone who has cleaned moldy cheese from their refrigerator knows that even well - sealed samples do n't keep for long , much less 15 years .
The secret is starting with precisely the right sample , Hook said , a sample that has no " off flavors " and progresses smoothly .
" Many cheddars will develop enough flavor , a bitter flavor in five to six months or a year .
You would n't want to age something like that because it 's going to get worse , " he said .
" You have to know what you 're looking for when you 're sampling . "
The Hooks kept their samples vacuum - packed in plastic bags , which Hook said helped the aging process but kept the cheese fresh and edible .
But how does it taste ?
" It 's smooth , it is n't bitter , it does n't have an off flavor .
It does n't have an acidic bite like a three - year .
It 's very flavorful , " Hook said .
" It 's got a lot more cheddar flavor . "
Hook recommends pairing the cheddar with wine and a good cracker or bread .
" I certainly would n't put it in anything .
It would be a waste of flavor to put it in mac ' n ' cheese or something like that , " he said with a laugh .
At least one customer bought the cheese on principle .
" Cheese making is an art form , " Brian Morello , who bought a ¾- pound hunk of the vintage cheddar at Larry 's Market in Milwaukee , told the Journal Sentinel .
" I consider my purchase to be a form of cheese philanthropy .
For $ 50 , I supported the arts and got a great piece of cheese . "
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
More than a mouthful for most coral
A coral is recorded eating a jellyfish for the first time , in intriguing photographs taken by scientists .
Coral usually feed on tiny plankton as well as products provided by photosynthetic algae .
Yet the photos reveal a stationary mushroom coral sucking in a large moon jellyfish .
Researchers believe the ability to feed on a variety of food sources like jellyfish may give the coral an advantage in a changing world .
The researchers publish their findings in the journal Coral Reefs .
Coral surprise
The pictures were taken on a dive by Mr Omri Bronstein from Tel Aviv University in Israel and Mr Gal Dishon from Bar - Ilan University , Ramat Gan , Israel in March 2009 during a survey on reefs near the Israeli city of Eilat in the Red Sea .
This is the first documentation of a coral feeding on a jellyfish
Ms Ada Alamaru
Tel Aviv University , Israel .
Ocean currents and nutrients had created a seasonal bloom of the jellyfish ( Aurelia aurita ) and many surrounded the reef in which the team were diving .
It was then they saw the strange behaviour .
" During the survey we were amazed to notice some mushroom corals actively feeding on the moon jellyfish , " says Ada Alamaru , a member of the research team who is doing her PhD in marine biology supervised by Prof Yossi Loya at Tel Aviv University , Israel .
" We could n't believe our eyes when we saw it , " Ms Alamaru says .
The moon jellyfish is known to be eaten by a number of predators including fish , turtles and sea birds .
However , to find it preyed upon by the mushroom coral ( Fungia scruposa ) was a unique discovery .
" This is the first documentation of a coral feeding on a jellyfish almost equal to its size , " Ms Alamaru says .
" In fact we saw a few corals feeding and not only one . "
Big meal Normally corals feed on small microscopic organisms that make up plankton only 0.2 mm to 0.4 mm in size .
In doing so they may ingest extremely small embryonic jellies that would be difficult to see by the naked eye .
However research into the stomach contents of corals by scientists in the US did not find evidence of this .
Changing tastes for the mushroom coral ?
They also feed on energy products provided by photosynthetic algae that live inside the coral .
But they have not been reported as feeding on adult jellies .
" This is definitely unusual .
As far as I know no other coral are reported to feed on jellyfish .
However , some sea anemones , which are close relatives of corals , are documented feeding on other jelly species , " Ms Alamaru says .
Unlike most reef building corals which are colonial and are made up of hundreds of polyps F. scruposa is solitary and composed of one large polyp , measuring up to 30 cm in diameter .
They are not attached to the seabed so have a limited ability to move , unlike their reef building relatives .
However , Ms Alamaru says it is still a mystery how exactly F. scruposa manages to capture its prey .
Advantage coral
The coral 's ability to feed opportunistically when a jellyfish bloom occurs provides valuable protein to the animal .
Ms Alamaru suggests the discovery reveals not only a food source for the large mouthed coral but also potential further benefits in a changing environment , where due to climate change and anthropogenic disturbances , jelly blooms are increasing in frequency and intensity .
" The ability to utilise a variety of food sources and to take advantage of such a bloom event gives the mushroom corals an advantage compared with other small polyped corals that are not able to feed on such large prey items , " Ms Alamaru says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hope it does n't end up like the script that 's been floating around the internet from 1990 .
Basically , in the script , Wintermute 's aim is not to merge with Neuromancer but with a human mind , and it ends up with Molly merging with Wintermute to become Neuromancer .
The name Neuromancer is n't explained , it just comes out of nowhere .
The whole scene involving the infiltration of the Sense / Net building from the novel is condenced to just Armitage handing the Dixie Flatline to Case .
Sense / Net now chases the heroes throughout the entire story , probably to add more action scenes I guess .
A major character like Riviera comes out of nowhere .
And the Finn has basically nothing more than a cameo , unlike his major role as Wintermute 's avatar in the book .
I thought the script was a pretty big disappointment , basically a cliff note 's version of the novel .
It 's written more like a generic action film than the slow burn film - noir the novel is .
You can read the script here .
[ www.scifiscripts.com]
Mind you , the script is 20 years old and hopefully the film , fi it ever happens is closer to the book , though with the director 's pedigree ..... probably not .
# neuromancer
[ Editor 's note : Every now and then , an event crosses from the world we observe into the world we inhabit .
This is one of those situations :
Wired magazine contributing editor Mathew Honan — a regular in the office and the pages of the magazine — brought this story to our attention , and , given his personal connection , we thought we'd let him write it instead of siccing one of the regular Autopians on it .
We hope you enjoy it . ]
Ideas often seem better from ten - thousand feet .
But even at that altitude , as his plane tracked across the sky from Atlanta to Oregon , 38 - year - old Nathan Abbott knew he was embarking on a fool 's errand : A 25 - day , cross-country motorcycle journey in November and December .
It would be a grueling trip , even on a luxury touring motorcycle like a Honda Gold Wing .
Abbott would do it on a Brammo Enertia , the all - electric motorcycle manufactured in Ashland , Oregon .
No one had tried pushing the bike 's limits that far before .
He would have to make frequent stops to power up .
His speed would top out at just over 60 mph .
It would be epic , but also held the potential for disaster .
The tagline for his weblog summed up the adventure in 99 characters : " One idiot , 3,800 miles , & an electric motorcycle with a 42 - mile range .
What could possibly go wrong ? "
The answer to that question would horrify all those who have ever known him .
Nathan Abbott is no idiot , but he is an adventurer .
I 've known him since high school .
After not speaking in more than a decade , we reconnected over Facebook .
The guitar - playing metalhead I had known in high school had grown into a true Wired archetype .
He was interested in technology , committed to science , and an utter gearhead .
His constant Facebook updates indicate that he spends hours online every day .
He 's the kind of guy who carries both an iPhone and a Motorola Droid .
The kind of guy who jumped at the chance to be the first to buy an all - electric motorcycle and drive it across country .
Nathan ( or " Nush " as many of his friends affectionately refer to him ) had eschewed a traditional career path after college , and instead opted for a life as an entrepreneur and web professional .
After toiling for several years as an executive recruiter , the young Atlantan decided he could do better on his own .
A habit of throwing epic parties became a successful business , attracting thousands of young professionals who would pay upwards of $ 150 each at the door , and even more at the bar , to let loose in private venues across the City to Busy to Hate .
These events were pure hedonism .
At a crowded outdoor St. Patrick 's Day party in 2009 , I watched an inebriated and shirtless twenty - something nose dive from the back of a chair face - first into the gravel .
He staggered to his feet , bloodied , and then wandered back to the bar for another can of beer .
Although Abbott also sipped beer , he stayed sober , constantly checking on head - counts from his staff at the door and monitoring how much alcohol had been sold .
He wanted to know why the band was n't playing yet , and generally acted the businessman amid a bacchanalia .
He also made sure the photographers were circulating .
Every photo meant money in his pocket , thanks to his other business , Atlanta Illustrated , an events guide to the city and day - after photo site .
Loaded up with pictures of Atlanta 's young pretty things , the site is a click magnet , and Abbott did well from its advertising revenues .
Yet none of this was enough .
He wanted an adventure
Just like the overwhelming majority of the underwhelming segment of America that ’s still lucky enough to slur “ Hell , at least i’m employed ” over a plastic pitcher of cheap draft , these days , I ’m a crispy critter .
A french - fried , burnt out , workaholic human shell who longs for the good ol ’ days , when an 80 hour work was n’t considered a part - time gig .
But all I ever seem to think about is how far the dust & shrapnel might slingshot out into space if a comet smashed the planet like a lightbulb on a baseball bat .
This could be a clue .
Maybe it ’s time for a little break .
That break would come in the form of the Brammo Enertia .
The Enertia is to electric motorcycles what the Tesla Roadster is to electric cars .
It 's designed to not only be functional , but fun .
Powered by a permanent magnet AC motor with 13 kW peak power and 29.5 ft-lb of torque , with a top speed of about 60 mph .
It 's sexy to look at , and by all accounts fun to drive .
So when the company dropped the price from just under $ 12,000 to $ 7,559 , that –coupled with a tax break from the federal government –was enough to pique Nush 's gadget lust .
He called a Best Buy store in Portland , one of the few places the bikes are available , to inquire about buying one .
And although it would be easy to ship the bike to Atlanta , he mulled the idea of buying a $ 99 one - way ticket and driving it back himself .
Do you know where I could find data on the range to speed curve for the Enertia ?
Maybe a chart or whatever you have ?
Otherwise , is there a way I can calculate range at a given speed with a rider who 's weight is remarkably similar to mine ( 190lbs ) ?
Additionally , is there an easy way to mount an aerodynamic fairing on the Enertia ?
Does Brammo sell one as an accessory ?
To understand why he would want to drive an electric bike cross-country you have to understand " Nush . "
Always an iconoclast , he has never fit easily into boxes .
In high school , he had long hair , and played guitar in bands , yet was n't into our high schools drugged - out music scene .
He was friends with everyone .
Jocks , hippies , rednecks , nerds ; everybody loved Nathan .
He remains the same unclassifiable creature today .
His politics are a mix of conservative and liberal .
He does n't count himself as a member of either party , and though he reads Ayn Rand , he does n't refer to himself as a libertarian .
He bemoaned the Bush administration 's disastrous handling of the economy .
He does n't feel Obama is faring much better .
He frets about America 's debt :
It 's unsustainable , he argued to me one night in Atlanta , and will lead to disaster .
While recognizing the interdependence of the global economy , he is also an America - first kind of guy .
A patriot , even , in his own way .
In the Enertia , Abbott saw not only a cool toy and an environmentally responsible alternative to internal combustion engines , but also a way to make a statement about American dependence on foreign oil .
Driving this bike across America would n't just be an adventure , it would be a statement
America may not have much oil , but we have plenty of coal and natural gas to produce electricity .
It ’ll sure be nice when we can keep the gazillion dollars we spend on energy HERE in the US , instead of sending it to the middle east so the Saudis can buy gold - plated palaces & fund terrorism .
Ever the science geek , Abbott calculated his journey was going to require about 257 kilowatts of power , which at the rate his utility company Georgia Power charged , would work out to a cost of $ 11.57 .
He posited a gas - powered trip on his BMW 540i , on the other hand , would set him back at least $ 490 .
" Of course , " he noted , " if I did that , I would n't be on the road for 25 days .
Idiot . "
In his mind , however , this was just a start .
He reflected online about the possibility of using roof - top photovoltaic cells to power the charge .
He would have to do it himself , but that was okay .
Nush does everything himself .
Existing PV technology wo n't juice the battery , however , the pace of breakthroughs for PV cells amped up around 2006 when gas prices started diverting venture capital to PV startups .
In a few years , PV film or even PV paint might provide some decent recharge while your ride .
Still , portable PV will probably never give a full charge .
A PV array on your roof would juice the bike .
Not a portable solution , obviously , but a good answer to the problem of juicing with coal power from the grid you mentioned earlier .
Concentrated solar is where it gets fun .
Like frying ants with your magnifying glass except the beam is 750C +
& would instantly vaporize anyone who walked into the light .
These things produce a shitpot of power .
Check it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OkqJw1oTMk
And here 's one you can build in your yard .
It 'd be a really bad idea , but you could .
I 'm damn sure gonna .
Another hitch came at 2 a.m. the morning of Thanksgiving Day in Woodburn , Oregon , where he discovered that his motel lacked an external power outlet .
But just then , a stranger showed up with a 25 - foot extension cord , and he was able to spend the day on the road .
Nothing could stop him .
Nathan Abbott is chilling at the starbucks in Roseberg , OR .
Mountain scenery 's starting to prettify .
Factory tour in Ashland is next , followed by the most dangerous leg of my trek ; Grant 's Pass .
GP has claimed several lives .
Snow , isolation , elevation , freezing temps ...
And then there 's the Yeti problem ...
Nathan was going to alert me when he was outside of San Francisco , where he and I were to meet up .
I was excited to see him and hear about his ride over beers .
He was n't sure how long it would take him to arrive , but I had been expecting him sometime the week after Thanksgiving .
He never made it .
On 3:59 a.m. , Nov. 27 , Nathan 's cousin Eric Robertson posted a chilling message to Nush 's Facebook page : " Everyone PRAY for Nathan ... he has had an accident and is in the Hospital in Portland OR . in the hospital right now ...
PRAY FOR HIM !!!! "
The previous evening , Abbott was driving southbound on I - 5 , just outside of Roseberg , Oregon .
According to his mother this was to be short leg , he would only going to be on the Interstate for a few miles at most .
Nathan himself had noted before he set out that he planned to avoid Interstates , for multiple reasons .
My " safe " range is about 40 miles @ 45 m ph .
Faster than that drains the battery much [ more ] quickly & reduces range .
Have to avoid fast interstates with 90 mph trucks & long desolate stretches of highway greater than 35 miles between charges .
But when you 're on a motorcycle , it does n't take a truck doing 90 .
According to reports from the family and Oregon State Police , just after 7 p.m. on Nov. 27 , a 1999 Audi A4 driven by a 20 - year - old woman passed an 18 - wheeler , and then pulled back into the slow lane while still traveling at speed .
She hit Abbott 's Enertia from behind at 68 mph , knocking him from the bike and across three lanes of traffic .
His high - end helmet saved his life , but his body was broken .
An ambulance , that had also been traveling on I - 5 , arrived at the scene within minutes of the accident and placed him on a respirator .
They rushed him to a nearby hospital in Roseberg , where he was airlifted to Portland for further treatment .
He had broken his clavicle , hand and a vertebrate in his back .
He suffered a severe concussion , and has several contusions on his brain .
Following the accident he slipped into a coma , and remained unconscious for several days .
He woke up this morning , Monday , Nov. 30 .
Doctors removed his ventilator , and he was able to identify his mother , who had flown from Georgia to be with him .
He 's still not out of the woods , but he 's getting there .
For some , Abbott 's accident called into question the safety of two - wheeled electric vehicles .
" I wonder if the bike ’s quietness had any effect on the accident , " speculated one poster on Brammofan.com , before quickly concluding " but the car probably had its windows up so the lack of engine noise had nothing to do with it . "
Others have pointed out that because the bike was traveling at or near its top speed on the Interstate , there was no way for Abbott to dart out of the way to safety .
" Even if he had been on a 1000 - cc sport bike , he might still have only been going 60 mph . " says Robert Gladden , director of program services for the Motorcycle Safety Foundation .
It 's a valid point :
No matter how fast your bike can go , it 's still not going to win out against a four - wheeler in a wrestling match .
Yet while the Enertia can't move like , say , a Suzuki Hayabusa , it 's no underpowered electric scooter .
Brammo representative John Farris , while expressing remorse over the accident , is quick to point out that with its 60 mph-engine , it 's certainly capable of traveling at highway speeds .
Even if he had intended to stay off the Interstate , he was doing nothing wrong by being on one .
Nor is it even clear that he could have accelerated out of the way to avoid disaster ; according to the Oregon State Police he likely never knew he was hit .
Ultimately , it 's not the bike 's fault .
Nor , for that matter , is it Nathan Abbott's .
While his story is unique due to the kind of motorcycle he was riding , people journey across the country on motorcycles every day .
He was n't being reckless .
He was simply pushing the limits of being alive , and trying to make it to the future ahead of all the rest of us , 42 miles at a time .
If you would like to donate to fund set up to help Nathan Abbott and his family , you may do so here .
Wired will update this story with Abbot 's status as it progresses .
Miss Calver 's study , reported in the Medical Journal of Australia , said : " One might compare them with the werewolves of the past , who are said to have also appeared during the full moon . "
i got $ 1.31 cents USD 3 paperclips and 20 pages of paper which make up a picture of the classes of TF2 and a lovely card .
i love Christmas , Its What Im Into :D
Cash for Clunkers : A Dynamic Map of the Cash Allowance Rebate Systems ( CARS )
Some Background on the Car Allowance Rebate System ( CARS )
From the official July 27 , 2009 press release – “ The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) also released the final eligibility requirements to participate in the program .
Under the CARS program , consumers receive a $ 3,500 or $ 4,500 discount from a car dealer when they trade in their old vehicle and purchase or lease a new , qualifying vehicle .
In order to be eligible for the program , the trade - in passenger vehicle must : be manufactured less than 25 years before the date it is traded in ; have a combined city / highway fuel economy of 18 miles per gallon or less ; be in drivable condition ; and be continuously insured and registered to the same owner for the full year before the trade - in .
Transactions must be made between now [ July 27 , 2009 ] and November 1 , 2009 or until the money runs out . ”
On August 6 , 2009 , Congress extended the program adding $ 2 billion dollars to the program ’s initial allocation .
For those interested in background , feel free to read the CNN report on the program extension .
On August 13 , 2009 , the Secretary offered this press release noting “ [ T ]he Department of Transportation today clarified that consumers who want to purchase new vehicles not yet on dealer lots can still be eligible for the CARS program .
Dealers and consumers who have reached a valid purchase and sale agreement on a vehicle already in the production pipeline will be able to work with the manufacturer to receive the documentation needed to qualify for the program . ”
On August 20 , 2009 , the Secretary announced the program would end on August 24 , 2009 at 8 pm EST .
While this remained the deadline for sales , dealers were provided a small extension to file paperwork ( Noon on August 25 , 2009 ) .
For those interested , all other press releases are available here .
The Cars.gov DataSet
The full data set is available for download here .
From the Cars.gov website “ these reports contain the transaction level information entered by participating dealers for the 677,081 CARS transactions that were paid or approved for payment as of Friday , October 16 , 2009 at 3:00 PM EDT for a total of $ 2,850,162,500 .
Please note that confidential financial or commercial information and consumer information protected under the DOT privacy policy has been redacted . ”
The official cars.gov website offers additional caveats on its note to analysts .
One important thing to note , there is a statutory exemption which allowed transactions to occur pursuant to an amended rule after the August 24 , 2009 termination date .
Here is the relevant language of the amended rule :
“ To qualify for the exception process , a dealer must have been prevented from submitting an application for reimbursement due to a hardship caused by the agency .
Specifically , a dealer may request an exception if the dealer was locked out of the CARS system , contacted NHTSA for a password reset prior to the announced deadline , but did not receive a password reset .
A dealer also may request an exception if its timely transaction was rejected by the CARS system due to a duplicate State identification number , trade - in vehicle VIN , or new vehicle VIN that was never used for a submitted CARS transaction , if the dealer contacted NHTSA prior to the announced deadline to resolve the issue but did not receive a resolution .
Finally , a dealer may seek an exception if it was prevented from submitting a transaction by the announced deadline due to another hardship attributable to NHTSA ’s action or inaction , upon submission of proof and justification satisfactory to the Administrator . ”
For those who have downloaded the full set , the above passage explains why there exist transaction data which fall outside of the general CARS program window .
Dynamic Visualization of the Spatial Distribution of Sales
Each time step of the animation represents a day for which there exists data in the CARS official dataset .
While the program officially started on July 27 , 2009 , the dataset contains both transactions undertaken during the pilot program as well as transactions undertaken pursuant the exemption process described above .
Thus , the movie begins with the first unit of observation on July 1 , 2009 and terminates with the final transaction on October 24 , 2009 .
Similar to a flip book , the movie is generated by threading together each daily time slice .
The Size and Color of Each Circle
Each circle represents a zip code in which one or more participating dealerships is located .
The radius of a given circle is function of the number of CARS related sales in a given zip code as of the date in question .
In each day , the circle is colored if there is at least one sale in the current period while the circle is resized based upon the number of sales in the given period .
In the later days of the data window , particular those after official August 25 termination of the program , the daily sales are fairly negligible .
However , as outlined in the dataset description above , each participating institution who qualified for the exemption was allowed to submit transactions beyond official program termination date .
Notice the cumulative percentage of sales reach nearly all total sales by August 25th .
Virtually all sales occur during the official July 27 , 2009 – August 24 , 2009 window .
Thus , while these the stragglers caused certain circles to remain illuminated the size of circles is essentially fixed after August 24 , 2009 .
Some Things to Notice in the Visualization
In the lower left corner of the video , you will notice two charts .
The chart on the left tracks the contribution to total sales for the given day .
The chart on the right represent the cumulative percentage of sales to date under the program .
Not surprisingly , most of the transactions under the CARS program take place between July 27 , 2009 – August 24 , 2009 time window .
Within this window , the daily sales feature a variety of interesting trends .
During each Sunday of the program ( i.e. August 2nd , August 9th , August 16th & August 23rd ) sales were significantly diminished .
Not surprisingly , the end of week and early weekend sales tend to be the strongest .
In the very early days of the program , there were a variety of media reports ( e.g. here , here , here ) highlighting the quickly dimishing resources under the program .
Obviously , it is difficult to determine the underlying demand for the program .
However , given the extent of the acceleration , it appears these reports contributed to the rapid depletion of the initial 1 billion dollars allocated under the program .
A similar but less pronounced form of herding also accompanied the last days of the CARS program .
The Wish Me A Merry Christmas Campaign is trying to get Christians to wear buttons reading “ It ’s OK , Wish Me A Merry Christmas ” when shopping this holiday season .
A letter they ask Christians to give to store managers also lists the following statistics ( PDF ) :
97 % of Americans celebrate Christmas .
53 % of Americans are offended when wished “ Happy Holidays . ”
90 % of Americans “ know the true meaning of Christmas . ”
60 % say they wo n’t shop at stores that have anti-Christmas policies .
68 % of Americans want to hear “ Merry Christmas ” specifically .
You can pick apart all those stats , but that first one stood out immediately : 97 % of people celebrate Christmas ?
And that ’s supposed to be a reason that saying “ Happy Holidays ” is wrong ?
Nearly 20 % of Americans are n’t religious .
And nearly 3 % of the American population consists of Jews , Hindus , and Buddhists .
So if any of these people are celebrating “ Christmas , ” it ’s obviously not for Jesus -y reasons .
And we certainly wo n’t be upset if you say “ Happy Holidays ” to us .
A message to retail workers :
If you notice someone wearing the button , wish them a “ Merry Christmas . ”
Smile at them .
Let them buy the stuff your store sells .
If you notice someone without a button — which is pretty much the entire population of America — wish them “ Happy Holidays . ”
Smile at them .
Let them buy the stuff your store sells .
Your job is to make the customer happy .
One way to do that is to say something nice to them as they enter your store .
You do n’t need to waste your time trying to guess what holiday some stranger celebrates .
Personally , I wo n’t get offended if you say to me “ Merry Christmas ” or “ Happy Holidays ” or “ Can I help you find what you ’re looking for ? ”
In fact , I ’ll just be thrilled that you acknowledge my existence .
I think most people would feel the same .
So say whatever the hell you want .
Actually , I take that back .
If you see someone with a Special Christian Button , wish them a “ Happy Solstice . ”
You might lose some business but the reaction on the person ’s face will be well worth it .
Think of it as a holiday present to yourself 🙂
( Thanks to Christine for the link ! )
An official website of the United States government , Department of Justice .
Here 's how you know
Long before the film was in the can , there were worrying signs .
Early reports suggested that the re-imagined Sherlock Holmes would not be wearing a deerstalker , nor would he be sucking pensively on a Meerschaum Calabash .
We already knew that this most quintessential of English characters was to be played by an American – and that the director had not made a great film for almost a decade .
Many home owners are in the dark about a vital piece of information regarding their Home Insurance Policy and pet sitters , a small fact that even non -pet owners need to be aware of .
Most people do not read through their policies enough to find out this crucial tidbit that will be shared here .
If you rent your home , and have tenant insurance , this may also prove important information for yourself .
Most families take a yearly vacation , some go away for a few days , while others go away for a few weeks .
Typically pet owners may take their pets to a boarding kennel or many will even bring them along on the holiday , leaving their house empty .
Pet sitters are another option which we will get into later .
For people who do n't own pets there are fewer concerns .
Perhaps they cancel the newspaper and mail , or maybe have a neighbor pick it up every few days .
Somebody shovels the walk in the winter , mows the lawn in the summer , or rakes leaves in the fall , and keeps an eye on the outside of the house .
For these people that is pretty much it .
Back now to the pet owner and pet sitters .
The pet owner who leaves their pet behind may have the kind of pet that requires very little care , a fish , it can be fed with vacation food and then left .
Even cats can be left for a few days .
How long is too long depends not on the law , but on what an owner feels is fair .
They often have a neighbor or friend come in and check on the pet at predetermined intervals .
A few take the wise step and hire bonded professional pet sitters .
Photo by Author .
Why is this kitten so smug looking ?
Because he knows what pet sitters have to do with home insurance .
What does any of this have to do with home insurance ?
Most home insurance companies have a vacation , or holiday , clause which few home owners are even aware of .
Typically the clause will state how long a home owner ( or renter ) can be away from their home before their insurance is invalid if something should happen , lets say a toilet overflows and floods the house .
For many insurance companies this window of time is 48 - 72 hours .
That means if you go away for four days and come home to a disaster , your insurance is void .
The best way to beat this is by having somebody check on your home regularly while you are away .
This is one of the services offered by a professional pet sitter .
They come to your home to check your pet , but additionally are checking your house too .
With hiring a professional to make regular checks the insurance is still valid .
You just have to find out how often they require somebody to check on your home in your absence .
Pet owners would usually have somebody coming once a day , or more frequently if they have a dog .
Even cats enjoy company from time to time .
The thing is a friend or neighbor might not be believed in the event of a home disaster .
Where as a bonded , professional , pet sitter , is somebody who the home insurance companies recognize as being trustworthy .
People who do not have pets are hiring pet sitters to check on their homes daily , or every two days , while they are on holiday as a way of not only collecting piles of mail , but also of ensuring their home insurance remains valid while they are gone .
Before you plan your next trip or get - away check your home owners insurance policy .
Even renters should check their insurance policy if they have one .
Do not let your holiday be ruined by coming home to find out not only are your contents missing , or damaged , but to find out your home insurance policy will not cover you at all !
* Please note that not all insurance companies have these clauses , you are best to call your insurance provider and ask .
I have written this based on the policies of some companies in Canada , but there are similar lines in policies elsewhere .
It is up to you to know what your policy restricts .*
Pet Links
How Long can I Leave My Pets Home Alone ?
What to Look for when Choosing a Pet Sitter
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Top Blackwater executives authorized about $ 1 million in payments to Iraqi officials to buy support and silence criticism of the private security firm after a deadly shooting in Baghdad in 2007 , The New York Times reported on Tuesday .
A woman stands next to her relative , who was wounded in a shooting attack by Blackwater security guards , in a hospital in Baghdad , September 20 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Ceerwan Aziz
In September 2007 , Blackwater workers fatally shot at least 14 Iraqi civilians in Baghdad ’s Nisour Square , an incident that provoked protests in Iraq and prompted the Iraqi government to deny Blackwater a license .
Four former executives said in interviews that Blackwater approved the payments in December 2007 but they did not know whether the cash was delivered to Iraqi officials or the identities of potential recipients , the Times reported .
Blackwater ’s strategy , which would have been illegal under U.S. law , created a deep rift inside the company , the sources told the newspaper .
A spokesman for the company , now known as Xe Services , was not immediately available to comment on the report .
Two of the former executives told the Times they took part in talks about the payments .
The two others said they were told by several Blackwater officials about the discussions .
The four officials , speaking on condition of anonymity , said they left the company because they were troubled by a pattern of questionable conduct by Blackwater , the paper reported .
The Times said Stacy DeLuke , a company spokeswoman , dismissed the allegations as “ baseless ” and said the company would not comment about former employees .
One Blackwater guard has pleaded guilty in U.S. court to voluntary manslaughter and attempt to commit manslaughter over the 2007 shootings , while five others are awaiting trial next year on manslaughter and other charges .
The company denies wrongdoing .
Blackwater was a target of Iraqi anger even before the 2007 shootings because of its size , high profile and aggressive posture on the streets .
Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki branded the incident a “ massacre ” and complained when the U.S. State Department subsequently renewed Blackwater ’s contract .
The U.S. government said in September it had asked the company to continue providing security services to U.S. diplomats in Iraq because the firm hired to replace it was not ready to take over .
Xe Services , the former Blackwater , had been notified in January that its State Department contract in Iraq would not be renewed .
Privately held Blackwater earned more than $ 600 million in revenues last year -- about a third of that from its State Department contract to protect diplomats in war zones .
December 5 , 2009 ∞https://marco.org/2009/12/05/embezzle-a-bit-more-of-your-buildings
Embezzle a bit more of your building ’s heat .
Here ’s a useful trick to unfairly get more heat into your apartment than the others in your building :
Use a box fan to convert your passive radiator — in effect , a giant heatsink — into an active heatsink - with - fan combo .
As most computer - assembling geeks know , a passive heatsink transfers heat from its source to the air very slowly .
Even adding a small amount of direct airflow significantly increases the rate at which heat is transferred into the air .
Aim a box fan through your radiator when it ’s actively heating ( not just sitting there , freezing , as they tend to do for hours ) , and the room will very quickly fill with heat .
Q : A fan ?
It ’s cold in here !
Wo n’t that make it colder ?
No .
Moving the air does n’t make it colder .
Blowing the air over the radiator can only result in an air temperature between what it already was ( the room ’s air temperature ) and the temperature of the surface of the radiator .
( So if your radiator has been off for a while and is colder than the air in the room , leave the fan off .
When the radiator is warmer than the air , turn the fan on . )
Q : Can anything go wrong ?
Probably .
Please do n’t sue me if your fan blade flies off during operation and bisects your cat .
I ’ve never seen it happen , but I know from my experience diagnosing computer problems that “ I ’ve never seen that before ” is n’t a guarantee that something wo n’t happen .
One common risk is that there ’s probably a lot of dust under , in , and behind your radiator .
Vacuum it before attempting this maneuver , and start with a low fan speed the first time in case a lot of dust flies out that you were n’t expecting .
Q : Why does it work ?
All you ’re doing is increasing the amount of heat that gets transferred from the radiator to the air in your apartment .
You ’re cooling the steam a bit more than usual before it enters the next apartment on the pipeline .
In effect , you ’re embezzling heat from everyone else in your building , but in an amount that ’s miniscule when averaged over everyone else .
Like in Office Space .
( And if your heat is thermostat - controlled , like most tend to be , you ’re probably just causing the heat to stay on slightly longer rather than making anyone else colder . )
It ’s up to you whether you ’re OK with that .
But when most of your neighbors are out of town for the weekend and you ’re in an old brownstone with “ conservative ” heat and very drafty windows that you ’ve already foamed and plasticked but still manage to let freezing air ( and even the occasional insect ) through , you may be inclined to take whatever advantages you can get .
Amid all the recent discussion of the Augustine Committee ’s results , Mark Whittington asks a question that a lot of people in Congress seem to be asking : “ Why not just pay for the current program since any new program is going to cost more money anyway ? ”
To elaborate , the line of reasoning goes that if the only problem is money , and if we ’re going to need to boost the NASA top - line in order to do exploration beyond earth orbit anyway , why not just stick with the current plan .
Let ’s turn to the Augustine Report itself for some information .
On pages 83 and 84 they discuss implementing the Program of Record on entirely unconstrained budgets–ie if we gave the program the full funding it needs to execute , and allot it to move at the full pace it can realistically move at , what do we get ?
A $ 145B pricetag over the 2010 - 2020 timeframe , which does n’t even get us to the point of having Ares V and the LSAM ready for operations , much less a moonbase .
This would require almost $ 5B extra per year–ie a 25 % increase in NASA ’s topline budget .
An international space station deorbited within 5 years of its completion , during which time the only method of access would be by paying the Russian government for flights .
A crew launch vehicle that becomes available two years after its first destination is deorbited , and whose operational costs have to be carried for over half a decade until we have any of the tools that would be necessary to actually use it for anything .
But do n’t worry , we can spend $ 2B + per year to send even fewer astronauts flying in even more useless circles .
A seven plus year manned orbital spaceflight gap in the US .
Almost no investment in long - term technology development ( not much more than the current SBIR budget , and entirely focused on short - term Constellation needs , not on making future missions safer , more affordable , and more valuable ) .
No stimulation of commercial industry beyond the CRS contracts which would n’t be extended since the ISS would be gone by 2016 .
No investment or early market for commercial crew delivery
No money to actually develop hardware for actually doing anything on the Moon , since almost all of the money will go to figuring out how to go there while maximizing employment in Shelbyville .
No more robotic orbiters or landers for years to follow - up on the work LCROSS did .
But hey , at least if we do it this way , sometime 15 + years from now , we ’ll have the ability to send 8 people to the moon every year at the cost of an “ exploration ” program that costs almost as much per year as NASA ’s entire current budget !
If you assume that there are parts of NASA outside of Huntsville that actually matter ( ie that NASA != Northern Alabama Space Administration ) , the situation gets even worse .
In order to fund Constellation at full speed without splashing the space station almost as soon as it ’s completed , you would need $ 159B over that timeframe , which constitutes a $ 7B per year increase for NASA .
That increase still :
Gets you a space station you ca n’t access without the Russians for most of its operational lifetime ( why does Congress trust Russian commercial space more than American commercial space , btw ? ) .
Gets you no real investment in long - term technologies , ensuring that the cost , safety , and efficiency of manned spaceflight will be stagnant for another couple decades .
Gets you no real investment or encouragement of the commercial industry ( in direct contravention of the laws of the land and NASA ’s charter I might mention ) .
Gets you no more robotic follow - ons for LRO and LCROSS for over 15 years .
Compare this with the Flexible Path option that Mark likes to mock so much .
For less than half as much of an increase per year , you get :
Robust ISS utilization through 2020 , with multiple methods of providing crew and cargo delivery that are n’t all dependent on Russia
Investments in commercial space that can help keep the US in the forefront of space technology and utilization
Robust investments in high - payoff medium - term technologies like propellant depots , space radiation , space nuclear power , aerocapture and other EDL techniques , ISRU , and other high - payoff technologies that can vastly lower the cost of future exploration missions , allowing us to accomplish more for less and at lower risk .
A manned lunar landing program that at most is only 3 - 4 years behind the current PoR , but when it gets there , it provides a much more affordable , more commercially and internationally interesting program , and has much greater capabilities once you get there .
A manned spaceflight program that is much more capable of exploring the whole inner solar system , and not just doing a few flags and footprints landing on the Moon .
A manned spaceflight program that builds on and leverages our impressive achievements in robotic space exploration .
A program that in spite of doing a lot more looking , also allows a lot more touching of new destinations like NEOs and Phobos / Deimos , all on about the same timeframe that the PoR would at best be going for its first lunar landings .
Where I come from , we tend to think that getting a heck of a lot less while paying a heck of a lot more is usually the sign of a sucker .
I just wish that a few space pundits and public figures did n’t keep enabling Senator Shelby and his ilk from hijacking NASA ’s budget to enrich his campaign contributors at the rest of our expense .
[ Note : As an aside , am I the only one who finds Shelby ’s latest childish tantrum accusing the Augustine Committee of being compromised by biased by evil commercial lobbyists to be richly and hilariously ironic ?
When it comes to lecturing people about the evils of lobbyists corrupting the political process for their own personal gain , Senator Shelby has about as much moral standing as Tiger Woods does when it comes to lecturing people about marital fidelity . ]
Jacob Yarmuth , possibly the world ’s biggest Stargate fan , spent $ 70,000 on a state of the art Stargate - themed home theater .
Featuring a fiber - optics starscape ceiling that shows galactic clouds and comets passing every few minutes , air pocket doors and faux finished walls complete with backlit panels , the Stargate Atlantis home - theater looks like it came right off the filming set .
The circular screen is a perfect replica of the stargate and has a 10 - foot diagonal .
Yarmuth equipped his futuristic screening room with two Sony megachangers able to accomodate 800 DVDs , Atlantic ’s THX speakers seres , two Polk Audio in - wall subwoofers and a JVC light amplifier for HD imagery .
Oh , and the airpocket doors are triggered by motion sensors .
Maybe he and Gary Reighn , owner of the Star Trek home - cinema should get together sometime , I ’m sure they ’d have a lot to talk about .
via Electronichouse
Restricted - use image
Sorry , this image is not available for free usage , for one or more of the following reasons :
Features identifiable individuals who have not given permission for free - licensing of their likeness ;
Photograph created by a third party , and not under a free license ( displayed here by permission or fair use ) ;
Primarily features creative content that is not under a free license ;
or I have decided ( for some other reason ) not to release one of my own photographs from copyright .
I may be willing to license some images on a case - by - case basis ; contact me for details .
" Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge . "
.............................................................
" Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge . " -- Carl Sagan .............................................................
Among the tiny insects known as water striders , males who aggressively attempt to mate with females do n't wind up with as many offspring as their more gentlemanly counterparts .
How can aggressive mating ever be a losing strategy ?
Advertisement
A group of researchers in the United States decided to do an experiment with water striders , in which they observed the mating success of prudent , " nice " males versus aggressive , " psychopathic " males .
The latter group tried often to mate with the females very aggressively , and in previous experiments they had the most reproductive success .
But these scientists discovered that the success of the psychopaths depended on very specific laboratory conditions
It turned out that other studies of sex among water striders had kept the population contained in a limited area , where females had access to very few males .
When the researchers opened up the insects ' habitat , allowing the females to roam freely , they discovered that the less aggressive males attracted the highest number of mates .
Advertisement
According to a release about the research , published yesterday afternoon in Science :
" The presence of psychopaths dramatically reduced the productivity of the population , " [ biologist David Sloan ] Wilson said .
" When all the males were gentlemen , the females laid about three times more eggs than they did when all the males were psychopaths .
And yet within each group the psychopaths were doing better than the gentlemen .
How do the gentlemen persist if they 're disadvantaged within the group ? "
Once the females could move between groups , the researchers had their answer .
[ Researcher Omar Tonsi ] Eldakar and Michael J. Dlugos , then also a Binghamton graduate student , devised a wading pool equipped with special doors that could restrict movement between groups or allow the insects to move freely .
" When they opened the doors , the females would leave whenever a psychopath came around , " Wilson said .
" The whole thing resulted in a heterogeneity in which the females were clustered with the gentlemen .
It 's the movement of individuals that creates these differences between groups that favor nonaggressive males . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Who knows how much research into sexual selection has been flawed because researchers forgot the crucial ingredient of female freedom ?
Ultimately , what 's interesting about this study is that it shows why isolated populations might engage in a different mode of sexual selection than a free - ranging population that has a lot of contact with outside groups .
Advertisement
via Science
The UK Met Office has released a large tranche of station data , together with code .
Only last summer , the Met Office had turned down my FOI request for station data , saying that the provision of station data to me would threaten the course of UK international relations .
Apparently , these excuses have somehow ceased to apply .
Last summer the Met Office stated :
The Met Office received the data information from Professor Jones at the University of East Anglia on the strict understanding by the data providers that this station data must not be publicly released .
If any of this information were released , scientists could be reluctant to share information and participate in scientific projects with the public sector organisations based in the UK in future .
It would also damage the trust that scientists have in those scientists who happen to be employed in the public sector and could show the Met Office ignored the confidentiality in which the data information was provided .
However , the effective conduct of international relations depends upon maintaining trust and confidence between states and international organisations .
This relationship of trust allows for the free and frank exchange of information on the understanding that it will be treated in confidence .
If the United Kingdom does not respect such confidences , its ability to protect and promote United Kingdom interests through international relations may be hampered …
The Met Office are not party to information which would allow us to determine which countries and stations data can or cannot be released as records were not kept , or given to the Met Office , therefore we cannot release data where we have no authority to do so …
Some of the information was provided to Professor Jones on the strict understanding by the data providers that this station data must not be publicly released and it cannot be determined which countries or stations data were given in confidence as records were not kept .
The Met Office received the data from Professor Jones on the proviso that it would not be released to any other source and to release it without authority would seriously affect the relationship between the United Kingdom and other Countries and Institutions .
The Met Office announced the release of “ station records were produced by the Climatic Research Unit , University of East Anglia , in collaboration with the Met Office Hadley Centre . ”
The station data zipfile here is described as a “ subset of the full HadCRUT3 record of global temperatures ” consisting of :
a network of individual land stations that has been designated by the World Meteorological Organization for use in climate monitoring .
The data show monthly average temperature values for over 1,500 land stations …
The stations that we have released are those in the CRUTEM3 database that are also either in the WMO Regional Basic Climatological Network ( RBCN ) and so freely available without restrictions on re-use ; or those for which we have received permission from the national met .
service which owns the underlying station data .
I have n’t parsed the data set yet to see what countries are not included in the subset and / or what stations are not included in the subset .
The release was previously reported by Bishop Hill and John Graham - Cumming , who ’s already done a preliminary run of the source code made available at the new webpage .
We ’ve reported on a previous incident where the Met Office had made untrue statements in order to thwart an FOI request .
Is this change of heart an admission of error in at their FOI refusal last summer or has there been a relevant change in their legal situation ( as distinct from bad publicity ) ?
Gennaro Castaldo of HMV said : " Whilst it 's true that , since Sunday night , quite a few more fans have been downloading the Rage track from HMV 's digital music store off the back of the internet campaign , we believe this trend will be reversed in a big way once the physical CD single of Joe 's The Climb officially goes on sale in stores from tomorrow . "
I used to search the iPhone App Store every day or so to look for sales or price reductions .
I was n’t looking for anything in particular when I would search like this .
I just wanted to find something cool to try that was free .
Or something I know I wanted that was on sale .
I was able to pick up a few gems on 1 day sales or free giveaways .
The problem is , that its nearly impossible to do this by hand now .
There are so many applications on the App Store , its hard to find these 1 day specials .
Fortunately , I found a better way .
AppShopper.com .
AppShopper scans the iTunes store regularly and picks up all of the new apps , upgrades , price reductions and special free giveaways .
So all you need to do is search for them .
Here are two searches I use every day to find free or reduced apps :
AppShopper.com – Free Giveaways :
This search will show you all applications that were previously paid and now changed to be free .
This is a great search to use to find all of those free 1 day giveaways .
AppShopper.com – Reduced Pricing :
This search will show any price reductions .
It is very handy to use to find one day sales .
I picked up a number of titles that were $ 5 - 10 normally for $ 1 this way .
With a financial mechanism reminiscent of the Oil For Food scam , it seems Iran is using a United Nations office headquartered in Tehran to skirt U.S. sanctions .
Once again , a rogue regime appears to be abusing a U.N. body in obtaining access to hard currency .
The White House and the Financial Action Task Force - set up by the G - 7 to combat money laundering and terrorist financing - have so far failed to identify this threat .
The Asian Clearing Union was established in Iran in 1974 as a U.N. initiative to expand trade and forge closer banking relations among ACU members .
The organization 's primary goal is to " facilitate payments among member countries , " which include the central banks of Iran , India , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Nepal , Pakistan , Sri Lanka , the Maldives and Burma .
Iran has used the organization to route over $ 13 billion overseas in 2008 and over $ 5.6 billion so far in 2009 to pay for many of its goods and services , according to the ACU 's financial documentation .
The danger is that the ACU is potentially being used as a classic money laundering instrument .
Iran might be using the U.N. body as a third party to circumvent the U.S. sanctions program , which prohibits with limited exceptions , such as for certain foodstuffs , textiles and medicine , American - Iranian business deals .
The sanctions program does not only target domestic companies , however .
Unless specifically allowed under the sanctions act , U.S. financial institutions are supposed to freeze all Iranian dollar transactions - including those involving Iran 's non-American business partners .
The ACU mechanism is deceptively simple and described in detail on the ACU Web site ( www.asianclearingunion.org).
An Iranian company or government office initiates a transaction for the purchase of a foreign product or service by remitting Iranian rials via a local Iranian bank .
The money is then transferred to the Central Bank of Iran , which then sends the funds to any ACU member using " Asian Monetary Units , " the currency of the ACU .
Each of these units is equal to either one U.S. dollar or euro , depending on the customer 's preference .
Once the Iranian money is in the ACU pot , it is difficult , if not impossible , for foreign banks to know whose money it is .
Unlike the Iranian Central Bank , the other ACU members ' central banks can transact freely with any U.S. - based correspondent bank .
Recently , there has been a kind of fad in the west where people get all nostalgic about the days of 8 - bit computers .
The epitome of the 8 - bit computing days was the low - res graphics , with characters typically rendered using the bare minimum number of pixels .
Of course , technology has advanced since the days of the Commodore 64 , and since the advent of sub - pixel rendering ( called ClearType in Windows ) , in particular , the blockiness of text rendered on a computer screen has become barely perceptible for the Latin ( i.e. English ) alphabet .
However , the Latin alphabet is not the only script in the world , and a more interesting question from the perspective of internationalization and globalization is how more complex scripts are rendered in modern times .
To explore this , Japan provides the perfect confluence of the most complex written script in the world , in the form of Chinese characters ( Kanji ) , combined with one of the most technologically advanced societies in the world .
The sad truth , however , is that Japanese and Chinese text on modern computers is in many ways an order of magnitude worse than English on the 8 - bit computers of the 1970s .
To start with , let ’s look at some of the more complex characters in current use in Japanese .
The first five are common characters taught in high school , the last two I picked randomly from the Japanese encoding standards for their complexity .
( Rendered at 72 - pixel x 72 - pixel resolution ) .
Now , let ’s jump right in and see how the same characters look in Windows Explorer when used as part of a filename ( Japanese Windows XP under default settings , blown up 6 x for comparison ) .
Clearly , the 12×12 pixel character cell size of the default font is nowhere near sufficient .
It makes the fonts on 1970 ’s 8 - bit computers look positively futuristic .
If you ’re wondering about other operating systems , just remember that Mac and Unix monitors have the same dot pitches as PC monitors .
Before we can really understand what this means , let ’s take a look at the how Japanese handle their own script when freed of the limitations imposed by western - based design decisions .
Native Choice
First , we need to establish a foundation for comparing Japanese and Latin characters .
The following shows a side - by - side comparison of the on- paper printed text in the novels Onmorakinokizu ( 陰摩羅鬼の瑕 ) by Kyogoku Natsuhiko and The Diamond Age by Neal Stephenson .
These are both long , well - written , intricately plotted novels aimed at adult audiences .
( As an extra data point , I have a couple of Chinese novels that use pretty much the same font sizes as Japanese novels ) .
It is interesting to note that the font sizes are almost identical vertically , and roughly 2:1 horizontally .
That is , most of the extra detail needed for Japanese characters is realized by creating finer detail within the characters , not by extending the characters outwards .
An interesting example of how this affected technological development comes from the dot matrix printers that were popular in the late 70s and throughout the 80s .
9 - Pin Versus 24 - Pin
Anyone who owned a computer during the 1980s would know that there were basically 2 types of printers : 9 - pin dot matrix and 24 - pin dot matrix .
In the west , 9 - pin dot matrix printers were sold as the basic model while 24 - pin printers were sold as offering more readable near - letter quality ( NLQ ) printing .
It ’s easy to see the reason for 9 pins ; it ’s the minimum that can produce readable English text :
What you might not know is that 24 - pin dot matrix printers were not developed to print clearer English text , but were developed in Japan to print Kanji .
The 72 - dpi resolution of a 9 - pin printer simply cannot print readable Japanese text .
As the following blow - up of 24 - pixel text shows , this resolution is just high enough to render these complex characters – making it the Japanese equivalent of the 8 - bit days .
( Because I ’ve used a Windows font to capture the image , the characters are not as well defined as they would be from a Japanese printer or mobile phone of the same resolution ) .
Compared to 72 - pixel font :
Japanese Standards from the 1980s
A second data point for what the Japanese considered to be the minimum resolution comes from the Japanese industrial standards from the 1980s .
These define character bitmaps for 16 ×16 and 24 × 24 dot resolutions .
These bitmap fonts needed to be defined as a standard so that complex kanji could be simplified in a standard way on lower resolution devices .
While the 16 - dot font is clearly incapable of handling the complex characters above , it is perfectly usable for more common characters , making it suitable for applications that do not necessarily need to recreate every character .
Interestingly , Japanese computers from the 1980s used 24 × 24 dot fonts that put modern operating systems to shame .
A More Modern Example : Mobile Phones
One area of technology where the Japanese are still on the cutting edge is in mobile phones ( English specs of one of this year ’s models ) .
While most foreign manufacturers have caught up with the 32 - bit processors Japan introduced in the 1990s to handle Kanji text input , the west is still lagging behind in terms of screen resolution .
As an example , it is actually difficult to find phones in Japan that have screen resolutions under 300d pi .
My current phone ( the Sharp 910SH ) , which was released in 2006 , has a 2.4 - inch full VGA ( 640×480 ) screen at 330d pi .
For comparison , this year ’s Apple iPhone ( 3.5 - inch screen ) , Google Android ( 3.2 - inch screen ) , and most other western smart phones offer the lower half - VGA ( 480×320 ) resolution , putting them in the 160 - 180 dpi range .
When contrasted with 96dpi computer monitors , the difference is even more dramatic .
Just to make the point , here is the default email list font size of the mobile phone ( 40×40 pixels ) compared to the default in Thunderbird ( 12×12 pixels ) , which is also the same as Outlook .
* Disclaimer :
The screen shot is actually of the menu , which uses the same font size , because I did n’t want to show my person emails .
As a professional translator who has spent 8 + hours everyday reading Japanese text on a computer monitor for many years , I can tell you that reading text on a Japanese phone is a pleasure by comparison .
The fiddliness of a small screen that can only display a small amount of text at a time is more than outweighed by the clarity of the text .
It ’s like stepping from the stone age into the 21st century .
Computer Monitors
As I mentioned earlier , the majority of computer monitors have DPIs at around the 100 mark .
So why have n’t the Japanese created high DPI monitors to make Japanese easier to read on computer screens ?
One explanation could be the tradeoff between the expense of a higher DPI monitor versus the benefit obtained from the clearer text .
However , this cost factor was never a stumbling block for 24 - pin printers , nor for Japanese computers offering VGA resolutions as standard five years earlier than in the west , nor for the high resolution mobile phone screens used today , nor for the myriad of other products in Japan that are more expensive because they are made to handle Japanese text more cleanly .
In fact , NEC did begin producing a 15 ” laptop with a resolution of 2048 × 1536 ( i.e. 170 dpi ) in 2002 , which at $ 4500 was more than double the $ 2040 price tag of an equivalent model with a regular 1024 ×768 screen .
This price dropped to $ 3500 in 2005 , with the models subsequently replaced by widescreen models at the much lower 135dpi mark ( the current model has a 16 ” screen with a 1920 ×1080 resolution starting at $ 1350 ) .
Although this large price difference is certainly a factor , I do n’t think it is the main reason .
Because LCD monitor prices are tightly linked to production volumes , the prices of high DPI monitors would come down if there were enough demand ( again , this is exactly the same situation as 24 - pin printers , etc. ) .
However , if a problem aside from price were to act as a deterrent to buying higher resolutions panels , then the panels would never become popular and the prices would never drop .
And the main deterrent in this case comes from the operating system and the programs running under it .
If we simply replace a 1024×768 monitor with a 2048 ×1536 monitor of the same size , everything on the screen is suddenly twice as small , not twice as highly detailed .
Instead of gaining a more readable display , high DPI monitors actually deliver harder - to - read displays .
Theoretically , in Windows at least , you should be able to change the DPI setting of your graphics card in Control Panel from the 96dpi standard to 192dpi to get the same physical size display but with much more clearly rendered fonts .
Unfortunately , this does not work properly in Windows .
Even worse , the problem is not in Windows itself ( in which case it would be easily fixable ) , but in poorly written third party drivers and other programs .
The problem arises when the outer containing window size does not scale with the DPI setting , while the content of the window does , making it impossible to access the all - important OK and Cancel buttons in the bottom right of the Window .
This is not just a problem for the Japanese .
My dear old parents have worsening eyesight , and in an attempt to increase the size of the text on their 19 ″ LCD monitor , they changed the resolution setting from the native 1280 × 1024 down to 1024×768 ( and yes , it was extremely ugly , but it achieved the desired effect of making the text on the screen bigger ) .
Of course , I could n’t stand the ugliness of the resolution mismatch and went and changed the DPI setting to large fonts ( 120 dpi ) and returned the monitor to its native resolution .
But sure enough , the next time they tried printing , the print settings screen ( provided by the printer driver ) appeared with half the content expanded outside of the window , with no scroll bars and no resizable border .
I suspect that this is a common experience among people who have tried changing their DPI setting , and is undoubtedly one of the reasons why the DPI setting is buried so deeply within the computer settings .
The reason this problem is so common is that Windows uses a mixture of units for creating windows and controls .
Windows must be created by specifying the size in pixels , which do not scale .
The programmer therefore has to perform a manual calculation by fetching the system DPI setting in order to determine the scaled window size in pixels .
The controls within a window , however , are typically specified in twips or other inch - based units , and therefore automatically scale .
( Even if the tool the programmer uses shows dimensions in pixels , these are often converted into twips internally to get the automatic scaling effect . )
In any event , the net result is that creating high DPI monitors for computers that can deliver high quality Japanese text is not really a technical problem that the Japanese can solve .
Even at the operating system level , it is difficult to see how the problem can be solved when third - party application developers still tend to think of control / window sizes and positions in terms of fixed pixels instead of scalable units .
So the Japanese are stuck with jagged text reminiscent of 8 - bit computers , at least for the time being .
With the rise of China , which also requires high DPI for the Chinese language , it will be interesting to see if the western operating system makers can come up with a solution before someone in China embarks on creating a new operating system to deal with the problem .
I guess that one solution would be to treat high DPI monitors as having a logical resolution a sub-multiple of the native resolution , and then offering access to the physical pixels only to the OS font - rendering routines and to applications that declare themselves aware of this ploy .
That is , a 2048 ×1536 screen would appear to applications as having a resolution of 1024 ×768 , with the font rendering treating the 2×2 pixel blocks that make up each logical pixel as sub-pixels in a similar way to current sub - pixel rendering technology .
Unfortunately , it is difficult to imagine a hardware manufacturer producing such a high resolution display again given that Microsoft made no moves to implement such technology during the 6 years while NEC was manufacturing high DPI laptops ( or perhaps this another casualty of the Vista train wreck ) .
However , I still hold out hope that the computer monitors in the future will again become easier to read than my tiny little 2.4 - inch mobile phone screen .
MADRID , Spain ( CNN ) -- A 92 - year - old woman with cocaine strapped to her body flew all the way from Brazil to Spain before police arrested her , in a wheelchair , at Madrid 's airport .
They found 4.3 kilos , or nearly 9.5 pounds , of cocaine packets strapped to her legs and torso , and also arrested a 44 - year - old female companion , who tried to escape on another plane , a Civil Guard spokeswoman told CNN Tuesday .
The two women , both from Uruguay , were arrested Friday after arriving in Madrid on a flight from Sao Paolo , Brazil .
But officials did not release details about the case until this week , after a judge had arraigned the two on drug trafficking charges .
The judge ordered the younger woman to prison but sent the 92 - year - old to a senior citizens ' home in Madrid .
Due to her advanced age , " it 's practically impossible " that she would be tried or face jail time , said the Civil Guard spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified .
Police did not identify the two women .
Civil Guards became suspicious when the younger woman repeatedly told the older woman -- who had asked for an airport wheelchair in Madrid to traverse the terminal -- that if they rushed , they would make their connecting flight to Spain 's Canary Islands .
The Civil Guards , who run customs controls at the airport , stopped the woman in the wheelchair .
The younger woman immediately fled , first trying to make the connecting flight , which by then had closed its doors , and then attempting to leave the airport terminal for the street .
But she was stuck in the " satellite , " or second building , of Terminal 4 , which is connected to the main building and the street by an underground train .
Police caught up with her before she left the satellite terminal .
The two would - be smugglers probably expected a cash payment and return flight tickets to Brazil from their drug trafficking contacts , the Civil Guard spokeswoman said .
All About Cocaine • Madrid Barajas International Airport • Spain
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Istanbul
St Nicholas was born in modern - day Turkey 17 centuries ago A Turkish archaeologist has called on his government to demand that Italy return the bones of St Nicholas to their original resting place .
The 3rd Century saint - on whom Santa Claus was modelled - was buried in the modern - day town of Demre in Turkey .
But in the Middle Ages his bones were taken by Italian sailors and re-interred in the port of Bari .
The Turkish government said it was considering making a request to Rome for the return of the saint 's remains .
While Christmas is by and large not celebrated in Muslim Turkey , the Christmas figure of Santa Claus certainly is , in the Mediterranean town of his birth .
He was born in what was then the Greek city of Myra in the third century , and went on to become the local bishop , with a reputation for performing miracles and secretly giving gold to the needy - on one occasion being forced to climb down a chimney to leave his donation .
After his death he was canonised as Saint Nicholas , and venerated in much of the Christian world .
But when Myra was occupied by Arab forces in the 11th Century , Italian sailors came and took the saint 's bones to the port of Bari , where they remain interred to this day .
Prof Nevzat Cevik , head of archaeological research in Demre , says Saint Nicholas had made it clear during his life that he wanted to be buried in his home town .
Even without the bones , the town of Demre has not been shy about cashing in on its most famous native son - today visitors to the Byzantine church there are greeted by a large , plastic Santa statue , complete with beard and red snow - suit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Artificially generated black holes could provide us with the power to make inter -solar travel a possibility .
New research shows how strapping a black hole to your starship might just give you the juice to get to Alpha Centauri .
Advertisement
Louis Crane and Shawn Westmoreland of Kansas State University propose a way to use black holes as fuel that is entirely within the bounds of physics and technology as we know them , but would take phenomenal amount of engineering .
The crux of their idea involves using using a laser to form a micro black hole , which could be used as an energy source .
This would be a Schwarzschild , or non-rotating , black hole which outputs Hawking Radiation , and the smaller the black hole , the more energetic .
Advertisement
Of course , making a black hole is n't the world 's most easy undertaking .
It takes a huge amount of power to build one in the first place .
To make one of these mini black holes , Crane and Westmoreland propose a 370 k m2 solar panel , at an orbit one million km from the surface of the sun , which , if perfectly efficient , would gather enough energy per year to make one black hole .
This power would be fed to a spherically converging gamma laser , with a lasing mass of around 10^9 tonnes .
However , after you make a few black holes , you can use them as a power source to make more .
According to the authors , a black hole to be used in space travel needs to meet five criteria :
1. has a long enough lifespan to be useful ,
2. is powerful enough to accelerate itself up to a reasonable fraction of the speed of light in a reasonable amount of time ,
3. is small enough that we can access the energy to make it ,
4. is large enough that we can focus the energy to make it ,
5. has mass comparable to a starship .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Fortunately , black holes have a sweet spot in terms of size , power and lifespan which is almost ideal .
If you take a trip to Alpha Centauri , with an acceleration of 1g to the half way point , and then decelerate at 1g for the remainder of the journey , the trip takes a relativistic 3.5 years .
A black hole that would survive the entire trip would have a radius of 0.9 attometers , would have a mass of 606,000 tonnes , and a power output of 160 petawatts .
The lifespan of the black hole could be extended by feeding it mass , too .
For longer trips , you could use larger but weaker holes , and smaller and more powerful ones for short trips .
Advertisement
Getting the black hole to act as a power source also requires a bit of work .
One potential method involves placing the hole at the focal point of a parabolic reflector attached to the ship , creating forward thrust .
A slightly easier , but less efficient method would involve simply absorbing all the gamma radiation heading towards the fore of the ship , and let the rest shoot out the back to push you onwards .
Of course , there are potential problems with Crane and Westmoreland 's ideas .
According to Govind Menon , Professor of Physics at Troy University , most views on extracting energy from black holes involve using ones that rotate .
" With non-rotating black holes , this is a very difficult thing ... we typically look for energy almost exclusively from rotating black holes .
Schwarzschild black holes do not radiate in an astrophysical , gamma ray burst point of view .
It is not clear if Hawking radiation alone can power starships . "
Menon adds that extracting energy from black holes is highly problematic .
" Given [ this type ] of black hole , it is not clear to me how someone would go about extracting energy . "
Advertisement
Another issue is what to do with the black hole when it reaches the end of its life span , as they tend to explode .
" Such an explosion is powerful by terrestrial standards , but not by astronomical standards " , say Crane and Westmoreland , so it 's merely a matter of dropping the black hole around 1 AU away from anything too important , and letting it detonate .
With a set of four machines : black hole generator , black hole drive , power plant , and a self perpetuating black hole powered black hole generator , the potential is enormous .
As Crane and Westmoreland say :
A civilization equipped with our four machine tool set would be almost unimaginably energy rich .
It could settle the galaxy at will .
Advertisement
Article available on ArXiv
Found via Next Big Future
Adam Murdock , M.D .
Infowars
November 29 , 2009
As a physician and as one that has conducted research and published in peer - reviewed journals , I am intimately connected to the scientific world and the scientific process .
The scientific process requires a complete objectivity , a complete reliance on the data .
It does not rely on what politicians think , or what the supposed majority of other scientists believe , or even upon what was thought to be proven in the past .
It requires continual scrutiny and a stubborn willingness to be critical of everything proven and unproven .
At times this stubborn willingness to continually analyze and reanalyze established beliefs places the scientific world in disarray as new beliefs replace old .
What marks someone as a true scientist is a willingness to let go of previously held beliefs when the facts turn in another direction , even at expense of one ’s established research , reputation , and tenure .
EU President Herman Von Rompuy : the climate agenda goes hand in hand with the plan for global governance .
A scientific dictatorship occurs when this willingness to follow the data is disregarded and replaced with political correctness , consensus , economic motives , or personal hopes and aspirations .
This dictatorship which attempts to suppress alternative viewpoints or theories is merely an attempt to make a scientist ’s own selfish view preeminent at the expense of the scientific process and sometimes the truth .
Inevitably , this dictatorship uses tactics like vilification , name calling , discrimination , and sometimes even threats of physical incarceration or violence in order to enforce the accepted dogma .
There are no greater examples of this than the ordeal of scientists that challenged the belief that the earth was flat and the center of the universe .
The scientists that challenged the existing scientific aristocracy or dictatorship of the time were often incarcerated and even sometimes put to death .
If true scientists like Copernicus and Galileo and their counterparts lived in a world filled with true followers of the scientific process they might have encountered some initial skepticism but would not have suffered like they did .
True scientists would have evaluated the evidence that they presented and quickly have come to the same conclusion themselves .
The fact that this did n’t happen was evidence of an over - arching scientific dogma or dictatorship at that time .
Their theories threatened the position , theories , and power of the existing scientific elite of their day .
The same type of scientific dogma or dictatorship exists in the world today .
There are many examples of modern scientists that have challenged the accepted scientific dogma .
Oftentimes , they have had to surmount tremendous obstacles and go to great lengths to prove they were right .
It was only twenty years ago that two Australian scientists , Robin Warren and Barry Marshall implicated a bacteria , Helicobacter pylori , as the causative agent in many intestinal ulcers .
Prior to 1982 , the predominant theory for the cause of ulcers was overproduction of stomach acid .
The prevailing wisdom of the time was that if only stomach acid could be reduced then ulcers could be controlled .
Of course , this would lead to lifelong treatments for acid suppression .
When these two scientists proposed a simple bacterium as the cause , which could be eradicated with a simple antibiotic cocktail , they were more than met with initial skepticism – they were mocked and ridiculed .
It was only because of tireless persistence on their part , which included ingesting the very causative organism in question and testing their hypothesis on themselves , that eventually the established dogma began to subside .
Along the same lines it is within the last twenty years the cyclo - oxygenase type 2 ( COX - 2 ) inhibitors like the infamous Vioxx were touted as the new anti-inflammatory medications for this generation .
They would replace similar medications like Ibuprofen and Advil .
When evidence surfaced that these medications may be causing increased incidences of heart attacks and deaths , they were forced off the market .
Unfortunately , because the company and its ’ scientists had great reputations , profits , and careers at stake it may have taken 3 years after the associations with heart attacks were discovered before the drug was removed from the market .
It is not clear how many people have suffered the ultimate consequence for scientists letting ulterior motives cloud scientific purity .
This brings to me to the most important issue of our day – the debate over whether climate change is related to man-made green house gases or if it is related to natural processes such as sun-spot cycles .
While it is not the purpose of this article to discuss the science around this discussion in detail , what can be illuminated is the presence of a dogmatic scientific bureaucratic dictatorship that has one particular view in mind at the expense of all others .
This view contends that mankind is responsible for
global warming , the inevitable consequence of which will be a collapse of the earths vital ecosystems .
In order to stop man and the collapse of the earth , the global scientific and political dictatorship would have the first world nations dramatically reduce their production of green - house gases .
This will be accomplished by the cap - and - trade system , which would de-industrialize , depopulate , and subjugate the peoples of Europe and America and transfer their wealth to the third world and to the sponsors and ministers of the system .
As the EU President Herman Von Rompuy recently put it :
“ 2009 is also the first year of global governance , with the establishment of the G20 in the middle of the financial crisis .
The climate conference in Copenhagen is another step towards the global management of our planet . ”
It is clear from this statement that the climate agenda goes hand in hand with the plan for global governance .
In fact , it may serve as the key stone to the foundation of just such a superstate .
It is precisely because the globalists are using this issue as the means for attaining their long sought after dominion that the climate change debate is the most important issue of this generation .
What about the science that is being used as one of the stepping stones to global governance ?
Has global temperature really been increasing in lock - step with carbon - dioxide emissions ?
Climate change skeptics have recently challenged the assumption of climate change fanatics by pointing out that the global temperature does n’t appear to have continued to rise over the past decade or more , despite a continued surge in carbon - dioxide emissions .
In fact , the temperatures may have decreased slightly .
Yet , this information has fallen on seemingly deaf ears in the climate community .
Fortunately , the question was recently answered by the climatologist global warming alarmists themselves .
In emails that were leaked from the bastion of climate activism , the climate research unit ( CRU ) of East Anglia University , are some really startling yet somehow expected revelations about the real data , propaganda , intimidation , and fraud perpetrated by the climate change scientific community .
[ efoods ]
In fact , in response to a recent skeptical article entitled “ Whatever happened to Global Warming ” by Paul Hudson , a BBC weatherman , one of the lead authors of the IPCC report commented within the private leaked emails :
“ The fact is that we ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can ’t . ”
In commenting about Hudson ’s piece , climate scientist Michael Mann of Penn State University added :
“ extremely disappointing to see something like this appear on BBC .
its particularly odd , since climate is usually Richard Black ’s beat at BBC ( and he does a great job ) .
from what I can tell , this guy was formerly a weather person at the Met Office .
We may do something about this on RealClimate , but meanwhile it might be appropriate for the Met Office to have a say about this , I might ask Richard Black what ’s up here ? ”
What is clear from the conservations in these emails is that not only is the science not settled but there was a systematic attempt by these scientists to keep any contrary viewpoints out of the media , published literature , and the political arena .
Does this sound like people genuinely seeking after truth or just scientists trying to protect their own turf , reputations , and agenda – whatever the cost ?
In another email , the director of the East Anglia climate center , Phil Jones , suggested that we :
“ will keep them out somehow – even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is ! ”
This email highlights a very important but little understood point outside of academic circles .
Central to life of an academic researcher is their ability to publish peer - reviewed papers in to the literature .
Often times , the amount of published material they produce correlates with their ability to become tenured and to continue to receive grants .
What is particularly disturbing about these emails is they demonstrate a willingness to destroy other people ’s lives by making it difficult for them to publish .
An example of this scientific shakedown by these supposed scientists occurs in email by Michael Mann that suggests destroying a journal that dared publish these alternative viewpoints .
He writes :
“ Perhaps we should encourage our colleagues in the climate research community to no longer submit to , or cite papers in , this journal . ”
In another of the emails , Tim Wigley says that pressure should be applied to a particular journal , Climate Research , to fall in line with the established climate change order .
He writes that the publisher needed to be more concerned with how publishing alternative viewpoints , or as he puts it “ misinformation , ” would be “ perceived . ”
He added : “ whether it is true or not is not what the publishers care about – it is how the journal is seen by the community that counts . ”
This scientific witch hunt is vaguely reminiscent of the Spanish Inquisition .
It is not about the truth of their ideas , it is about the opposition .
If it takes destroying their opponents ’ careers in order to perpetuate their climate fraud , then they seem perfectly willing to do it .
Another excerpt demonstrates this career - destroying intention of theirs .
In a comment about James Saiers of the Geophysical Research Letters journal :
“ If you think that Saiers is in the greenhouse skeptics camp , then , if we can find documentary evidence of this , we could go through official AGU channels to get him ousted ”
In response to these vicious attacks , one of the subjects of some of the emails , Pat Michaels , a climate scientist at the Cato Institute , said in response that : “ This is what everyone feared .
Over the years , it has become increasingly difficult for anyone who does not view global warming as an end - of - the - world issue to publish papers .
This is n’t questionable practice , this is unethical . ”
To add insult to injury these very same scientists also write about their attempts to fraudulently distort their own data so they can continue the charade .
In another email by Phil Jones the truth about the agenda comes out .
It turns out they are more worried about the climate agenda going forward than what their data actually shows .
If they have to distort the data then they will do what it takes .
He writes :
“ In any case , if the sulfate hypothesis is right , then your prediction of warming might end up being wrong .
I think we have been too readily explaining the slow changes over past decade as a result of variability –that explanation is wearing thin .
I would just suggest , as a backup to your prediction , that you also do some checking on the sulfate issue , just so you might have a quantified explanation in case the prediction is wrong .
Otherwise , the Skeptics will be all over us –the world is really cooling , the models are no good , etc .
And all this just as the US is about ready to get serious on the issue . ”
In another email they write :
“ I ’ve just completed Mike ’s Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( ie from 1981 onwards ) amd from 1961 for Keith ’s to hide the decline . ”
Here we sit on the verge of subjecting ourselves to the tyranny of global government in the name of protecting the planet .
Now that the truth has been established and the hypocrisy and error revealed , let us press our congressman and senators before it is too late .
In a matter of a couple weeks the most important conference of our lifetimes will convene in Copenhagen in order to decide our fate .
I urge you with all the energies of my heart ; let us pull down the global warming false idol worshippers and their climate dictatorship while we still have time .
Adam Murdock , M.D. is founder of The Freemen Institute , www.freemeninstitute.com.
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Just got my copy of the latest Sphinx , which includes this and more poetry - related cartoons not available here on the site .
Here ’s some more poetry .
Scott Weaver always dreamed he would build the world ’s largest toothpick model and 34 years ago he started working on it .
Fast - forward to present day and he still has n’t fulfilled his dream , but he did create one of the most impressive toothpick sculptures in the world .
“ Rolling through the Bay ” is a 9 feet tall , 7 feet wide and 2 feet deep toothpick model of San Francisco that features 4 Ping - Pong ball rolling tracks and several entry points .
That ’s right , it ’s the tracks that make this wooden masterpiece so unique .
That ’s how Mr. Weaver began his adventure in the world of toothpicks , by building abstract models and rolling Ping - Pong balls on them .
It just got out of hand at some point and turned into this amazing model .
The toothpick model of San Francisco took over 3,000 hours of work to complete and over 1,000,000 toothpicks .
Luckily , a pack of 750 toothpicks costs just 99 cents , so Weaver ca n’t say his hobby is too expensive .
Ripley ’s Believe
It or Not offered Scott $ 40,000 for his unique model , but he is n’t ready to part with it just yet .
Seems that Sarah Palin is n't the only right - winger out there trying to convince the world that the " death panels " actually exist .
Indeed , as Media Matters notes , there 's a whole bandwidth of wingnuts out there trying to revive the notion .
One of these is the Troll Who Lives Under the Bridge And Sucks Your Toes , aka Dick Morris , who was on The O'Reilly Factor earlier this week with fill - in host Monica Crowley :
Morris : Look , Monica , it 's one thing to load a big bill with pork .
That 's what the stimulus package was .
But to load a health - care bill , where Americans are seriously worried that this is gonna destroy the health care their parents get , that this is gonna lead to government - imposed euthanasia , where they 'll say , ' No , you can't have this annual mammogram , because I know it might save your life , but it costs too much . '
' No , you can't have this drug for colon cancer , because the drug we 're going to let you take is n't as good as this one , but we can't afford it . '
When we come to those kind of euthanasia - like decisions , to learn that the reason the Senate approved this was some little bitty payoff that went on to some insurance company that gave you a campaign contribution -- that kind of tawdry stuff for this kind of magnitude of deformity on the system is enough to drive people crazy -- me included .
I 've always said that anyone who takes Dick Morris 's advice deserves everything they get , because the man is such a font of misinformation .
That includes a lot of intentional disinformation , promoting provably false " facts " that unhinge the people who absorb this crap .
As we can see .
Nursing Home Negligence : Falls
Falls are a leading cause of injury and death for nursing home residents .
A good nursing home assesses patients for risk of falling and institutes a plan to keep them safe .
But many long - term care facilities lack the proper staffing , training and protocols to prevent falls .
If your parent or elderly loved one was seriously hurt in a nursing home fall , or you are suspicious about an unexplained injury , call Carter Law Offices at 816-283-3500 for a free case evaluation .
Our nursing home negligence attorneys represent clients in the K.C. metro area and surrounding counties in both Missouri and Kansas .
Nursing Home Falls — Greater Risk and Greater Harm
Nursing home residents are more prone to falls because of weakened muscles and joints , balance problems and other conditions relating to age or illness .
Certain medications also increase the risk of falling .
These patients also suffer more severe injuries because of brittle bones and lesser ability to break their own fall .
Fractures of hips , legs , arms and wrists are common , as well as serious cuts , head trauma and sometimes death .
The most common scenarios in nursing home falls relate to failure of staff to closely monitor and assist patients , or negligence of the facility in providing for resident safety :
Falls while being transferred or escorted ( treatment , exercise , restroom )
Patients trying to walk or get out of bed on their own for lack of assistance
Falling while unattended in the bathroom or shower
Wet floors , poor lighting , shoddy wheelchairs or walking aids
Experienced , Aggressive Representation
Our on - staff registered nurses can help assess the severity of the injury and appropriate monetary damages for the medical treatment and reduced quality of life from a lasting bodily injury .
Our RN ’s also assist our trial lawyers in their investigation : patient records and whether the client was identified as a risk for falling ; ratio of staff to patients ; history of similar falls at the nursing home ; and background of staff members responsible for the client ’s care .
Contact our Kansas City office for a free case evaluation .
We can meet clients at the nursing home or hospital , and we take no attorney fees unless we are successful in recovering compensation .
Call 816-283-3500 or contact us online .
Climate
The climate crisis is wreaking havoc across the globe , putting the future of the planet as we know it at risk .
WWF - Canada is working on nature - based climate solutions to reduce the release of greenhouse gas emissions into the atmosphere and increase our adaptation and resilience to the changes that have already begun .
I never climbed the hill
or strolled to the end of the pier
to see what the walkers in rain
might be finding out there .
Nor did the book fall open
where Maeve had secretly signed it .
In fact , it never fell open .
Not that I minded : the world
streamed away
wherever the great ships
were going .
Far away
there were ways beyond knowing .
I walked back to the house .
My sister ’s new child was chained
to her breast .
She drifted
inside a dark forest .
My father opined while the dog whined .
The television did its best .
While my father opined
the dog licked itself .
Well , you manage to find
what might make you happy .
I went on the Net . I wandered .
Asian bukkake .
From the Lispy site , a new subproject :
Lispy Box is a sub-project of the Lispy project which aims to create a Common Lisp library “ box ” or starter kit similar to LibCL , Lispbox , Lisp in a Box and STARTER - PACK .
Lispy Box is distributed as a rolling release ( similar to how Ubuntu is released ) .
Each release includes the entire Official map of Common Lisp libraries at the time of the Lispy Box release in one large archive .
There is growing controversy about the causes of and the Kyoto approach to " Global Warming " .
Growing numbers of scientists affirm that human activity has but a limited impact on the climate .
Climatologists increasingly link global warming to natural processes and particularly to increased solar radiation , which passed its peak in 1998 .
Human activity accounts for barely 4 % of the total CO2 emissions , natural processes and volcanoes for all the rest .
The greenhouse effect of water vapor is even 900 times larger .
As reduction of human activity proves extremely difficult and the proportion of human CO2 in the greenhouse effect so low , climate realists argue that the climate plan can only produce minimal effects and this at a very high cost .
Leading scientists of the Copenhagen Consensus Centre - including five Nobel prize laureates - agree that Al Gore ’s scenario featuring drowning polar bears and 6 meter rising sea levels are wild exaggerations .
Even the UN ’s own Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change only estimates the potential rise of sea levels at one foot .
Al Gore ’s arguments and calculations are one sided and misleading .
The alarming death toll from killer heatwaves disregards lives saved due to the reduction of more deadly cold waves .
The fact is that during the Middle Ages man and nature survived higher temperatures than today ’s worst case scenario remarkably well .
The warm climate even allowed for increased food production and prosperity .
Sea levels did not rise notably then nor did polar bears extinct , so we do n't need to fear such imaginary catastrophes now either .
Bjorn Lomborg and the Copenhagen Consensus Group argue that the UN Kyoto - style reduction sheme as it is conceived today is the most costly and most ineffective way to reduce emissions while it will only have minimal effect .
Other research and development programs provide a much larger contribution to the environment and human development at only a small fraction of the cost .
They fear that the UN climate plan will crowd out other programs from the agenda and development budgets and that even decent health care programs - which are 200 times more efficient in saving human life - are in peril .
Inefficient use of development budgets is therefore not only wasteful but even immoral .
One single water pump at the cost of a couple of solar panels can spare hundreds of Sahel women the daily journey to the well , prevent infections and save lives .
A mini-investment in mosquito nets can save thousands from malaria .
Lomborg worries that Al Gore 's populist propaganda conceals the overall development picture .
He calls for a global consensus on a list of priorities based on a wrong rationality of risk and cost / benefit analyses which are totally lacking in the climate debate at present .
The UN climate plan as it is conceived now would have devastating effects on World Trade .
The aim of the climate round is to reduce CO2 emissions through a “ Cap - and - Trade ” scheme whereby governments will set a total limit on greenhouse gas emissions and arbitrarily distribute allowances through exemptions and auctions .
Developing countries , including countries like China , India , Brazil and even the oil - producing countries in the Middle East , would largely be exempted from these obligations .
As an excuse for their exemption , the UN plans to introduce the deceptive concept of “ climate debt ” thereby improperly incriminating industrial nations for their very existence and disregarding the benefits of their environmental expertise for the world as a whole .
As a consequence the cost of CO2 reduction will only weigh on manufacturing costs of industrial nations .
As these nations tend to use the least polluting production processes , the UN climate plan creates the counter - productive incentive to misuse budgets for sophisticating technologies with the least marginal CO2 reduction potential .
The plan also gives business new incentives to outsource production to countries with low environmental standards , with counter - productive ecological effects .
The decoupling of production costs from the market reality leads to huge distortions of global trade , particularly in Europe where also Eastern European transition economies managed to acquire vast exemptions .
The distorting protectionism related to the climate agenda is likely to paralyze worldwide trade just as it did in the 1930s .
Rather than protectionism , free trade would provide us with the answer to this global challenge .
It is free trade that allows countries to benefit reciprocally from their comparative advantages , particularly so in the field of environmental and ecological expertise .
The biggest victims of shrinking worldwide commerce would therefore be the climate itself and those developing countries with the most vulnerable economies .
But even industrial countries cannot afford a contraction of the world economy at a moment when growth seems indispensable for economic recovery , for the sustainable funding of their welfare states and development of new technologies .
The fallacy of environmentalism is to assume a linear relationship between growth and emission levels .
This belief is erroneous as per capita emissions prove to decline as income grows .
It is economic growth that allows for technological advancement , and such progress automatically contributes to the cutback of emissions much more efficiently than reduction of human activity .
Only sustainable growth is capable of assuring the growing world population a dignified existence such as guaranteed in UN and other human rights conventions .
A protectionist return to a pastoral past will provide us with no prospects whatsoever in that direction .
State monopolies on the supply of the virtual but obligatory raw material of emission allowances constitute a triple risk : scarcity , misallocation and high price volatility .
Because the UN scheme will collect CO2 taxes , which will be passed on to consumers , intransparently through business , politicians are likely to regard this unseen taxation as an inexhaustible source of income and make CO2 allowances as scarce and expensive as they wish .
Just as artificial scarcity of building permits already inflated prices of residential building land to the detriment of a society 's prosperity .
Under the UN Cap - and - Trade Scheme , the price of CO2 allowances would become the playtoy of political caprices and unpredictable compromises .
Prior knowledge of the political decisions and favoritism for privileged sectors , people or constituencies is likely to degenerate the emissions trading scheme into a swindle .
Under the European emissions scheme CO2 carousels already turned European Emissions trading into an extremely costly debacle .
National governments could just as well raise existing national taxes on fossil fuels and achieve the same emission deterring effect without involving the expensive and fraud - sensitive UN bureaucracy .
The administrative cost of such a tax increase is zero , while a shift of the tax burden from income to consumption will restore the incentives to adopt productive behavior and hence stimulate the economy , in the meantime avoiding a serious distortions of global commerce .
The advantage of a national eco-tax is that all the income remains national .
Unlike the UN Cap - and - Trade Scheme under which governments arbitrarily attribute emission allowances , such a pigovian tax is directly proportional to the emissions .
It therefore gives incentives to direct efforts and research to projects with the highest CO2 reduction potential .
Under free market conditions competition would continually oblige entrepreneurs to weigh costs against potential gains .
When governments engage in the central planning of emission reduction , political motives come into play .
Demands from special interest groups , from the environmental industry to green lobbyists , are all invariably distorting the allocation of resources and are all leading to wastage .
The examples are common : although solar panels in northern countries have by far the lowest energy yield per invested Dollar , the eco-industrial complex engrossed the lion 's share of Europe ’s eco-budgets .
Demands from the agricultural lobby originated in subsidized bio - fuel projects with catastrophic consequences for the global food production .
Behind the Copenhagen Climate Conference an agenda of global dirigism is also hidden , aiming to withdraw policy issues from sovereign national bodies .
Self - feeding supranational organizations escaping from democratic control such as the UN World Climate Organization , the OECD or the G20 will continue - with increasing arrogance - to push their dirigist agendas through , aiming at global control over national policy independence .
The incriminating OECD list of “ tax shelters ” was the most brutal example of this in recent weeks .
The question should be answered where this incestuous circle of supranational organizations - and the present generation of politicians - found the democratic legitimacy to decide on fiscal policies for all future generations and to impose new taxes on them decades in advance .
The Copenhagen Climate Round is a dangerous next step towards a fascist " New World Order " .
The arbitrary Cap - and - Trade Scheme is more than economic madness -- it brings into the specter a dangerous One - World Government under UN dictate .
Paul VreymansWorkForAll.net
Enter your email address to subscribe to the 44 - D's and receive notifications of new posts by email .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website , Copenhagen
The African delegation is unhappy over moves by the Danish government Negotiations at the UN climate summit have been suspended after developing countries withdrew their co-operation .
Delegations were angry at what they saw as moves by the Danish host government to sideline talks on more emission cuts under the Kyoto Protocol .
As news spread around the conference centre , activists chanted " We stand with Africa - Kyoto targets now " .
But talks between the parties were expected to resume in the afternoon and informal discussions continue .
The countries that have suspended co-operation are those which make up the G77 - China bloc of 130 nations .
These range from wealthy countries such as South Korea , to some of the poorest states in the world .
The G77 - China bloc speaks for developing countries in the climate change negotiation process .
CLIMATE CHANGE GLOSSARY
Glossary in full Blocs representing poor countries vulnerable to climate change have been adamant that rich nations must commit to emission cuts beyond 2012 under the Kyoto Protocol .
But the EU and the developed world in general has promoted the idea of an entirely new agreement , replacing the protocol .
Developing countries fear they would lose many of the gains they made when the Kyoto agreement was signed in 1997 .
They point out that the Kyoto Protocol is the only international legally binding instrument that has curbed carbon emissions , and also that it contains functioning mechanisms for bringing development benefits to poor countries such as money for investment in clean energy projects .
Previously during this meeting - formally called the Conference of the Parties ( COP ) 15 - developing countries have accused the Danish chairs of ignoring their concerns .
G77 - China chief negotiator Lumumba Di-Aping explained why the bloc had taken the decision to withdraw its co-operation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It has become clear that the Danish presidency - in the most undemocratic fashion - is advancing the interests of the developed countries at the expense of the balance of obligations between developed and developing countries , " he told BBC Radio 4's The World at One programme .
" The mistake they are doing now has reached levels that cannot be acceptable from a president who is supposed to be acting and shepherding the process on behalf of all parties . "
Last week , the Pacific island nation of Tuvalu forced a suspension after insisting that proposals to amend the UN climate convention and Kyoto Protocol be debated in full .
' Losing time '
At a news conference earlier in the day , UK Climate Secretary Ed Miliband said that for the developed world to commit to further cuts under the Kyoto Protocol would be " irresponsible for the climate " .
Some developing nations are wary of the way negotiations are progressing
Developing countries split on CO2
He said it would leave some of the world 's biggest emitters without targets for cutting emissions .
Many developing countries have been arguing for a " twin track " approach , whereby countries with existing targets under the Kyoto Protocol ( all developed nations except the US ) stay under that umbrella , with the US and major developing economies making their carbon pledges under a new protocol .
Kim Carstensen , director of the global climate initiative with environment group WWF , said that much more movement was needed on the Kyoto Protocol negotiations here .
" The point is being made very loudly that African countries and the wider G77 bloc will not accept non-action on the Kyoto Protocol , and they 're really afraid that a deal has been stitched up behind their backs , " he told BBC News .
While understanding the G77 position , he said the suspension could affect progress towards a deal .
" We 're losing time , and that 's a serious matter ; because for every minute we lose on one issue , the chances of getting to the bottom of the next issue diminish . "
The Danish government has yet to make any formal response ; but Australian Climate Minister Penny Wong described the suspension as " regrettable " .
Yvo de Boer , executive secretary of the UN climate change convention , predicted that the negotiations would get back on track in the early afternoon .
" The vast majority of countries here want to see the continuation of the Kyoto Protocol , " he said .
" I 'm not aware that any countries are trying to block anything . "
An African bloc walkout during prepatory talks in Barcelona in November proved unpopular with other developing countries , in particular some small island nations .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Do you have a question for world leaders at Copenhagen ?
What would you ask them if you were at the summit ?
Send it to us .
The best questions we receive will be answered by a panel of world leaders in a special televised debate .
Send your video questions to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to 61124 or if you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Red Hat has open sourced a virtual desktop protocol it acquired last year , called the Simple Protocol for Independent Computing Environment < / a> ( SPICE ) , in the hope of fostering its wider adoption .
Red Hat is using SPICE as one of the components of its Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization for Desktops application , which should be released within a few months , according to Jim Brennan , senior product marketing manager at Red Hat .
By making SPICE open source , the company hopes other vendors will use it for their own virtual desktop offerings .
Red
Hat has set up a Web site and a mailing list to try to foster community involvement .
Red Hat acquired SPICE in 2008 when it purchased Qumranet .
Qumranet used SPICE for its own commercial desktop - virtualization product , called SolidIce .
SPICE can be used to deploy virtual desktops from a server out to remote computers , such as desktop PCs and thin - client devices .
It resembles other rendering protocols used for remote desktop management and deployment , such as Microsoft 's Remote Desktop Protocol ( RDP ) or Citrix 's Independent Computing Architecture ( ICA ) .
Brennan said SPICE has advantages over those other protocols , in that SPICE can dynamically customize desktop instances to fit specific operating environments .
" It was designed with a tiered architecture , " he said .
Processing can be divided between the remote device and the server , either at the hypervisor or the virtual desktop level .
If the protocol senses that the remote client has some excess graphics processing capability , for instance , it will dynamically offload some of the visualization work to that device , freeing up capacity on the server .
At present , SPICE will support rendering virtual instances of Microsoft Windows XP and Windows 7 , as well as Red Hat Enterprise Linux .
At the server level , it runs on 64 - bit Linux platforms .
As more companies participate in SPICE , more OSes should be made available at both the client and server level , Brennan predicted .
In addition to SPICE , the Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization for Desktops package will also include a stripped - down version of Red Hat Enterprise Linux version 5.4 , with the KVM virtualization module compiled in , as well as desktop management software called the Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization Manager for Desktops .
Red Hat placed most of the SPICE code under the GNU General Public License version 2 , though parts are also licensed under Lesser GPL ( LGPL ) and BSD - styled licenses .
I ’m going to show you how to make a really simple and cheap ( you ’ve probably got everything you need : really just a printer to print the template and some aluminum foil ) directional WiFi antenna that will significantly
boost your signal beyond what most of the commercial antennas are capable of doing ( sounds crazy , but just watch the video ) .
All you ’re doing is taking the radio signal that ’s normally broadcast uniformly in every direction and using the aluminum foil as a sort of mirror to reflect and direct it towards
where you want it to go , thereby focusing ( it actually works just like a parabolic mirror , if that makes sense ) all the energy in one particular direction instead of allowing it to spread out all over the place ( if you ’ve got multiple computers in different locations and ca n’t direct the signal but still need to amplify it , see the extra stuff I ’ve got after the video ) .
Here we go :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If you need to boost the signal but you ca n’t direct it because you ’ve got multiple computers in different locations , then what you ’re going to have to do is buy a unidirectional antenna that ’s got an adapter on it that actually amplifies the signal , I recommend the Alfa 1000 mW 802.11b/g USB wireless WiFi network adapter which comes with its own 9dBi antenna and is currently the most powerful on the market and also one of the most popular .
If you really want to play with this stuff I definitely recommend you check out Wi -Fi Toys by Mike Outmesguine which has got all sorts of cool projects ( one of which shows you how to boost your WiFi signal out to 20 MILES 😯 ) .
How to make a WiFi booster antenna out of a soda can is along similar lines and accomplishes the same thing , but I personally do n’t think it works as well as the parabolic design , although it seems to be popular so I ’d thought I ’d throw that in there for you if you ’re interested in seeing what that ’s about .
These guys are nuts , but damn they are dedicated : Chinese cookware +
WiFi = WOKTENNA
SkiFactz.com has got a really good WiFi hacks & mods section with plenty of cool projects .
Nov. 18 , 2009 - The Dog Abuse Case ( updated on Nov. 23 )
Photo : animal.lt
Since the 17th of November we have been receiving many letters from around the world on dog abuse case in Lithuania .
We are grateful to all those who are concerned about this incident and we want to assure everyone that this case actually resulted in a significant resonance in Lithuania ( 1 , 2 , 3 , ... ) , and a person charged with this crime has already been identified ( as Svajūnas Beniukas ) , arrested and tried .
His is sentenced to spend 8 months in jail .
Such verdict is the first case in Lithuania when cruelty to animals is punished by imprisonment .
First of all , in many letters senders are accusing Valdas Baranauskas , but he is not the person in video !
We have no information ( apart from those messages ) that he is somehow related to all this !
We sincerely apologize Mr. Valdas Baranauskas for mentioning him in our text as possible re-publisher of the video .
We were mistaken by incoming letters from all over the world .
The person with a dog in his hands is a 22 - years old Svajūnas Beniukas of a small Seredžius town ( district of Jurbarkas ) .
The dislike of animals he appears to have is linked to infamous history of animal abuse in his family : just a two years ago his grandfather killed a cat by throwing it over to an aggressive dog .
Unfortunately , he was fined 20 LTL ( 8,5 USD ) only – Lithuanian laws in that sense are very mild .
Svajūnas Beniukas is well - known to local police .
He is unemployed , drinks regularly and has been involved in many local conflicts – he is a known town roughneck .
He previously was charged with theft in Kaunas and Jurbarkas districts .
Regarding the dog abuse case , Beniukas in his defence said he had sought revenge on the dog after it was suspected of killing some of his mother 's chickens .
The widely circulated dog abuse footage was most likely made during the weekend [ November 14 - 15th ] .
For some time the dog was lying under a bridge .
Then he was found by one man who took the dog to the police station , from where it was sent to medical treatment facilities at " Nuaras " .
Pipiras ( so was named the dog , Lithuanian for Pepper ) which was estimated to be around 4 years old was for a few days treated in animal care center " Nuaras " , in Kaunas .
Pipiras avoided serious bone fractures but had many injuries to internal organs - these were in severe contusion because of the high fall ( over 20 meters ) .
On the night between 21st and 22nd of November Pipiras died .
Pipiras is said to have been really fighting for his life until the last moment .
Even after experiencing the awful abuse by Svajūnas Beniukas , Pipiras still seemed to have a belief in good people .
His spirit is being carried on by thousands of people who were touched by Pipiras ' fate ( see Facebook groups : Lithuanian | International ) .
Both " Nuaras " staff and we at Animal Rights Lithuania received numerous calls or emails from concerned people .
They offered their assistance , many wanted to take care of Pipiras after it would recover ( which , sadly , eventually never happened ) .
Lithuanian laws on animal abuse
Clearly , penalties for animal abuse in Lithuania are too soft .
Despite many known cases of animal abuse , the highest punishment given in the recent years was a fine of 300 LTL ( 130 USD ) given to a woman who threw a dog out of a car .
The police usually only warns ill - behaved people .
What are current laws on animal abuse in Lithuania ?
Cruelty to animals is punished by Criminal Code by community service , fines , arrest or imprisonment of up to 1 year ( the latter one has barely ever been used ) .
The poor animal care which leads to either animal death , falling ill or becoming crippled , may be punished by warnings or fines up to 200 LTL ( 86,5 USD ) .
Repeated animal abuse leads up to 2000 LTL ( 865 USD ) fine and confiscation of the animal .
However , due to this recent incident a tightening of sanctions has been proposed .
D.Mikutienė , member of Lithuanian Parliament , registered the amendments to the Penal Code - if accepted , penalties for cruelty to animals will be much stricter .
The act of killing , injuring or torturing an animal is proposed to be punished not only by public service or relatively low fines , but also by imprisonment for up to four years .
Moderate crimes are planned to be punished by fines of up to 26'000 LTL ( 11'200 USD ) .
Some photos and videos :
Final note
Animal Rights Lithuania wants to thank everyone for the concern .
We are very happy to know that so many people are not indifferent to sufferings or deaths of animals .
Unfortunately , at the same time when you 're reading this , millions of animals are suffering and dying in meat , egg , diary industries , are killed for their fur or skin , used for entertainment in circus , zoo , hunting , fishing and other activities .
These animals deserve our attention too , and the least we can do is to stop supporting this abuse .
Please consider becoming a vegan and encouraging others to do the same .
It 's easy , and is morally a right thing to do if we want to treat and care about all conscious animals like we treated and cared about Pipiras .
( CNN ) -- Tareq Salahi said Tuesday he and his wife " did not party - crash " a White House state dinner last week .
The Obama administration said Salahi and his wife , Michaele Salahi , attended but had not been invited to the state dinner for visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , and officials say they got into the event because of a breach in security .
Appearing on NBC's " Today " show with his wife , Tareq Salahi said the aftermath of the incident has been " the most devastating thing that 's ever happened to us . "
" We 're greatly saddened by all the circumstances that have , you know , been involved and portraying my wife and I as party crashers .
I can tell you , we did not party crash the White House . "
Salahi said he and his wife " are cooperating extensively with the U.S. Secret Service " in their investigation of the incident and said " the truth will soon come out . "
Yet White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday the Salahis were not on an invitation list of guests .
" If your name is not on an invitation list and you show up , in my book , that 's called crashing , " he said on CNN's " American Morning . "
" The president was concerned about the security breach here , as was the Secret Service , " Gibbs said .
" The Secret Service is evaluating their procedures . "
The Salahis said last week that they would appear Monday on CNN's " Larry King Live , " but they later canceled after CNN reported Thursday about several lawsuits involving the Salahis .
The couple 's publicist , Mahogany Jones , urged CNN to delay its report about the couple 's legal woes .
" We will begin doing press and media next week providing exclusive interviews and press junkets , " Jones said in an e-mail to CNN on Thursday .
" If you would like to be considered in our media circuit we request that you hold your proposed published profile until then . "
On the " Today " show , Gibbs was asked about a report that the Salahis had an e-mail exchange with a Pentagon official and believed they had an invitation .
" I think if you ask the Salahis directly , they were not on a list here at the White House .
Their name was not in a security tower in order to get into this secure complex .
And they had been told on a number of occasions that they did not have tickets for that dinner . "
Monday , Defense Department official Michele Jones denied in a statement obtained by CNN that she helped try to get the couple on the list for the state dinner .
" I did not state at any time , or imply that I had tickets for ANY portion of the evening 's events , " Jones said in a prepared statement released by a White House official .
" I specifically stated that they did not have tickets and in fact that I did not have the authority to authorize attendance , admittance or access to any part of the evening 's activities .
Even though I informed them of this , they still decided to come . "
Jones is a special assistant to Defense Secretary Robert Gates and serves as the Pentagon 's liaison to the White House .
The Washington Post reported that the Salahis have turned over copies of an e-mail exchange with Jones to Secret Service investigators .
In the Tuesday interview on the " Today " show , however , the Salahis did n't want to give more detail on their position while the Secret Service investigates .
Tareq Salahi said he and his wife are " respecting " the Secret Service " timeline " and " want to get through that process . "
They suggested there was no misunderstanding .
" In our view , it 's clear to us .
And based on the timeline , I think the American public is actually going to be extremely surprised with all the details that went from beginning to end into what was supposed to be a lovely , beautiful evening , " Tareq Salahi said .
The Salahis also denied a report that they were uninvited guests at a Congressional Black Caucus dinner in September , saying they had been invited there by a law firm and had been its guests at the dinner .
" Were we escorted out ?
Of course not .
That 's another gossip rumor , " he said , saying the story got started through a gossip column .
Yet a spokesman for the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation said Tuesday that the couple was asked to leave the event .
President Obama and the first lady also attended that fundraiser dinner , but foundation spokesman Lance Jones emphasized that " at no time did Mr. and Mrs. Salahi have access to President Obama and Mrs. Obama . "
Jones said that at the CBC foundation 's fundraiser two months ago , he saw the Salahis at the pre-dinner reception , and later in the evening was informed that the couple was seated at a table without tickets .
The table was in the event 's " Gold Section , " where tables sell for $ 20,000 each , he added .
" At that time , I went to grab a few security personnel , who were not Secret Service , " Jones said .
" We walked with ( security ) to the table and just tried to sort everything out .
When we realized they did not have tickets , the security personnel escorted them out . "
The Salahis -- who said they were not paid by NBC to make an appearance on the " Today " show -- have been characterized as publicity hounds .
They said their lives have been " destroyed " by their notoriety .
" Unfortunately , we 've been mischaracterized , you know , through the media and other paparazzi forums , and you know , our homes have been invaded , and it's been just devastating what 's happened to Michaele and I , " Tareq Salahi said .
CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .
AK Press Winter Sale
Whether you ’re local to the Bay Area or elsewhere in the blogosphere ( yes , I just used the word “ blogosphere ” ) , you have good reason to be excited about AK ’s annual and ever - popular winter sale .
For those of you nearby , you are cordially invited to come by the AK Press Warehouse ( 674 - A 23rd Street , Oakland ) on Friday , December 4 from 4 – 10 pm ) .
It ’s a party the likes of which you wo n’t find any other time of year ( except for maybe the “ Fuck the Fourth ” sale in July — but I might venture to say the winter sale is just a little more epic ) .
Everything in the warehouse is 25 % off , and that means everything — books , DVDs , CDs , t- shirts , and any other goodies you might find on our shelves .
Plus , we ’ve got hundreds of books marked down to just $ 1 – $ 5 .
I actually sorted through the sale books just this afternoon and it ’s not just the rejects , there ’s some really good stuff in there .
While you ’re wandering around the warehouse and marveling at the selection , why not enjoy a cold one on us , and perhaps some vegan snacks lovingly prepared by your own friendly local anarchist publishing collective ?
If there ’s any doubt left in your mind , see how much fun these fine folks had last time .
Hell , you can even sign yourself or someone else up for Friends of AK Press right here where all the magic happens , and walk away with your very own stylish tote bag to carry all your sale books away in !
Even if you ’re too far away to enjoy the full experience of the warehouse sale , we ’ve still got something for you so you wo n’t feel left out : a weekend - long sale on our website .
Order on Friday , Saturday , or Sunday ( December 4 – 6 ) and your order will be discounted 25 % .
And although we ca n’t send you snacks through the interweb , we can refer you to some cheap sale books and great package deals .
So pop open your own beer ( or soft drink ) there at your computer — eek , not too close to your keyboard !— and join us for the party .
Images from Tehran showed police motorcycles being set alight Clashes have taken place overnight in the Iranian capital , Tehran , following anti-government protests on Sunday in which at least eight people died .
Reports say police fired tear gas to disperse crowds of demonstrators in various parts of the city overnight .
The nephew of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi was among those killed in Sunday 's clashes , the worst violence since June 's contested elections .
His funeral on Monday is thought likely to be a focal point for more protests .
According to Mr Mousavi 's website , Seyed Ali Mousavi was shot in the back as security forces fired on demonstrators .
On Monday , state - owned English - language Press TV said eight people had died .
Earlier , Persian state television had reported at least 15 people killed .
Police denied being responsible for any of the deaths .
They said three were accidents and that one person had been shot , but not by police .
Details of the others have not been given .
Officials said the shooting was under investigation .
It is a shameless and irresponsible act
Khalil Yazdi
Son of detained opposition figure Opposition politician Ebrahim Yazdi , a foreign minister after the 1979 revolution and now leader of the Freedom Movement of Iran , was also arrested in the early hours of Monday .
His son Khalil , who lives in the US , told the BBC's World Today programme he believed the Iranian authorities wanted to close down all opposition groups .
" It is a shameless and irresponsible act .
[ They are ] arresting a 78 - year - old man who has stood for nothing but freedom and open society within Iran all of his life , " he said .
" Any opposition now , they want to shut [ it ] down .
We 're going down a one - way street that 's now going downhill . "
The protests , which began after President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's controversial re-election in June , have grown into the biggest challenge to the government since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
The official death toll for Sunday 's confrontation is the highest since June .
Media ban About 300 people were detained after Sunday 's protests , police said .
Those arrested include members of the banned opposition group Mujahideen Khalq Organisation ( MKO ) - or the People 's Mujahideen - Press TV reported .
Why is such a holy day not respected by the rulers ?
Mehdi Karoubi
Moderate cleric
The report quoted a source within the Iranian intelligence ministry .
Opposition supporters took to the streets on Sunday as the Shia Muslim festival of Ashura reached its climax .
Tehran 's police chief , Azizollah Rajabzadeh , was among dozens of security force members injured in the clashes , officials said .
Unconfirmed reports said four people also died in protests in the north - western city of Tabriz and there were clashes in Isfahan and Najafabad in central Iran and Shiraz in the south .
Foreign media face severe restrictions in Iran and reports cannot be verified .
However , witnesses said that in Tehran some protesters attacked police .
Police responded by firing directly into the crowds , opposition sources say , although this is denied by Iranian authorities .
In pictures : Tehran clashes Clashes continued throughout the day .
In the early hours of Monday , opposition sources said a large crowd had also gathered near the offices of the state - run television and radio .
They said police were firing tear gas in an attempt to disperse them .
Moderate cleric Mehdi Karoubi , who came fourth in last June 's election , criticised Iran 's rulers for Sunday 's violence , an opposition website reported .
" What has happened to this religious system that it orders the killing of innocent people during the holy day of Ashura ? " the Jaras website reported him as saying .
" Why is such a holy day not respected by the rulers ? "
Foreign concern The White House condemned the " unjust suppression " of protests .
RECENT UNREST IN IRAN 19 Dec : Influential dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri dies aged 87 21 Dec :
Tens of thousands attend his funeral in Qom ; reports of clashes between opposition supporters and security forces 22 Dec : Further confrontations reported in Qom 23 Dec : More clashes reported in city of Isfahan as memorial is held 24 Dec : Iran reportedly bans further memorial services for Montazeri except in his birthplace and Qom 26 Dec : Clashes reported in central and northern Tehran 27 Dec :
At least eight dead following anti-government protests in Tehran ; 300 reported arrested " Hope and history are on the side of those who peacefully seek their universal rights , and so is the United States , " White House National Security Council spokesman Mike Hammer said .
A spokesman for the French foreign ministry , Bernard Bolero , also condemned the violence .
" These people in the streets are just claiming more freedom , more democracy , " he told the BBC .
" The repression of the police forces is not acceptable . "
Iranian security forces have been on alert since influential dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hoseyn Ali Montazeri died a week ago aged 87 .
His funeral attracted tens of thousands of pro-reform supporters , many of whom shouted anti-government slogans .
BBC Tehran correspondent Jon Leyne , who is now based in London , says the opposition - denied the right to protest - chose the highly significant festival of Ashura when millions of Iranians traditionally take to the streets for ceremonies and parades .
Anger at last June 's elections , won by incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , sparked mass protests in Tehran and other cities that led to thousands of arrests and some deaths .
Mr Mousavi and other opposition leaders have said the poll was rigged .
Are you in Iran ?
Have you witnessed any of the unrest ?
How are you affected by this story ?
Please send us your comments using the form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Send your pictures and videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to +44 7725 100 100 or if you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sleepyhead is like 20 years old in blogs years and I was pretty sure I would n’t be able to sit through another remix until I ran in my latest muse , Sleepyhead ( The Knocks Remix ) .
Most of you know the Passion
Pit story by now but for those who do n’t here ’s a cliff notes version .
This song along with the entire Chunk of Change EP from which it ’s from was written for the lead singers ( Michael Angelakos ’ ) girlfriend .
The EP ended up catching fire at Emerson and the rest is history .
The power of love ?
You bet .
In this song Michael is recollecting on a passionate night he had with his girlfriend .
The song is written from her point of view , praising him for the experience .
Fresh .
That said , it ’s Friday , I have meetings all day and ca n’t write as much as I would like to about this fantastic love song , so just press play and enjoy .
Passion Pit – Sleepyhead ( The Knocks Remix )
MP3
Living celebrities undergo identity changes every other news cycle .
( You may have heard something this week about a golfer , a car crash , and an affair or two — no longer all that alleged , either ) .
But it 's not too often that dead ones get a makeover .
Well , maybe makeover 's too strong a word for what this newly released home movie of Marilyn Monroe does to her image ; call it a refocusing :
This content is imported from YouTube .
You may be able to find the same content in another format , or you may be able to find more information , at their web site .
One minute of silent , Super 8 celluloid wo n't deflate the Marilyn myth by much , but it does inflate the Marilyn reality appreciably .
The Hollywood icon , the sex object nonpareil , the megawatt companion of Joltin ' Joe and President Jack — well , as late as 1959 , when the cracks were starting to appear in public , she was still , in private , a gal who could happily smoke a J with a couple of girlfriends in New Jersey .
The line on Monroe has always been that she was the Girl Next Door who happened to become a star .
There was n't , until now , any reason at all to believe it .
Sometimes it 's nice to be proven wrong .
RELATED LINKS :
GUIDE TO MINOR TRANSGRESSIONS : Why Smoking a Joint Is Completely Acceptable
WHAT IT FEELS LIKE : ... to Get High with Willie Nelson ( and Snoop Dogg )
QUIZ : How Much Do You Know About Marilyn and More Hollywood Myths ?
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
There is a new alliance between the left and right in America , inspired by the threat to liberty – can the same happen here ?
The New York Times has revealed an interesting new alliance between US conservatives and liberals that has formed against the criminalisation of the public by a slew of vaguely drafted criminal laws , brought in by the federal government .
Given the rancour in the American public discourse , the two sides making common ground on this issue is truly a " remarkable phenomenon , " as the director of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers , Norman Reimer , put it .
The left and right have bent to a point where there is now agreement on many issues .
In the area of criminal justice , the whole idea of less government , less intrusion , less regulation has taken hold .
Both sides seem to blame each other for the trend of punitive laws , the implications of which few seem to understand .
Still , the new consensus is important and one hopes something similar is emerging here .
Liberals blame the climate created by the Bush administration , while someone like Edwin Meese , arch conservative and attorney general under President Reagan , suggests that " liberal ideas of extending the power of the state " were to blame for an out - of - control criminal justice system .
" Our tradition has always been , " he said , " to construe criminal laws narrowly to protect people from the power of the state . "
The right - wing Heritage Foundation , where Meese was speaking , suggests that there are some 4,400 criminal offenses in the federal code , which lack a requirement that the prosecution proves traditional criminal intent .
This chimes with the 3,000 new criminal offences created by Labour in Britain , sometimes by statutory instruments that go undebated in parliament , and especially of the erosion of the important legal concept of innocence .
On both sides of the Atlantic , a generation of politicians grew up in the incredibly tolerant conditions of the sixties and seventies but then displayed a surprising authoritarian streak when they came to power .
The rebels of the permissive age often began to imitate the disciplinarian traits of an older generation but – oddly – without showing its reflex respect for liberty .
In Britain , a supposedly left government kept in step with a decidedly right - wing government in the United States , but is that really so surprising ?
When you dig deep into the political instincts of people like Blair , Blunkett , Clarke , Straw and Reid what you find are the trace elements of neo-conservatism , as well as the more frequently identified statism of their youthful creed .
New Labour was a distinctly odd hybrid , fashioned by people with an ideological past for an age where few cared about the details of politics as long as they could spend .
We are at a different moment now and it will be interesting to see what James Purnell says about personal power at a Demos event this week because of course the whole drive of the government which he belonged to has been to remove power from the individual in favour of the state .
This is something which has to be admitted by people like Purnell before Labour 's rehabilitation can begin .
Something of an alliance is beginning to form here but it is perhaps less organised and activist .
I often find myself joining progressive and conservative politicians on platforms to talk about the erosion of civil liberties and the growth in state power .
To be honest , it would be hard pressed to slide a piece of paper between Tony Benn and David Davis on so many of these issues , or for that matter Sir Ken Macdonald and Dominic Grieve .
This is because one of the great divides in our post - ideological politics is now about the power of the state .
Do you trust the state and give it every sort of power at the expense of parliament and the people , or do you believe that increasing state powers are not just a menace to individual liberty but a cast - iron guarantee of bad government ?
This is one of the core issues of the next election and it needs to be much better articulated by the opposition parties .
One of the duties of the next government must be to repeal many of the badly drafted laws brought in during the last 12 years as well doing away with established opinion that increasingly holds that we are all potentially criminals ; that we all have something to hide .
" Show me the man , " said Stalin 's head of police Lavrenty Beria , " and I 'll find the crime . "
It 's strange to discover a noted liberal lawyer from Boston , Harvey Silverglate quoting this at the beginning of a talk about his new book , Three Felonies a Day : How the Feds Target the Innocent , but it is the measure of the times on both sides of the Atlantic that democrats on the left and the right can shake their heads at what has been allowed to happen .
SECRET police files on people protesting against Victoria 's $ 3.5 billion desalination project are being made available to the private consortium building the plant .
Under a deal struck by the State Government in a bid to ensure the project is finished before Melbourne runs out of water , Victoria Police has agreed to hand over photos , video recordings and other police records to the international consortium AquaSure to help it '' manage ' ' protests and potential security threats .
Anti-desalination protesters , civil liberties advocates and the State Opposition last night condemned the move as an unacceptable invasion of privacy and a dangerous assault on the democratic right to protest .
The Government signed a memorandum of understanding with Victoria Police and AquaSure on August 28 , designed to protect the site at Wonthaggi as well as the electricity supply to the project and new pipelines from the plant to Cardinia Reservoir .
The 20 - page document states that Victoria Police '' will release law enforcement data ' ' to AquaSure , which is made up of international and local companies Degremont , Suez Environment , Thiess and Macquarie Capital Group .
The 1894 volume of Godfrey Williams ' diary is squarebound in green cloth and offers accommodation for two days ' events per each A5 side .
Williams recorded the year , which he spent posted to India with the British Army , in a neat and consistent hand .
Each densely - inscribed page is interleaved with blotting paper , providing space for footnotes , clarifications and obituaries of his former officers and comrades , which were clipped from his daily newspaper later in life .
In total there are 76 such volumes , a good 2ft of shelf space rich with the details of Williams ' daily life .
A veteran of two world wars , a committed cricket fan , stamp collector and rearer of poultry who died aged 85 , he composed his very last entry in the summer of 1955 : " A very bad night indeed last night ... "
He had been keeping a diary since his school days at Harrow , beginning in 1879 .
Williams was no Samuel Pepys .
But his diary – a distillation of almost an entire life , traversing two centuries – could nonetheless be a goldmine for historians or psychologists .
And it might have been split , lost or destroyed altogether , were it not for the intervention of Dr Irving Finkel .
Finkel is a curator at the British Museum specialising in ancient Mesopotamian scripts , but it is the preservation of more modern texts that has become his hobby since he stumbled across Williams ' diary .
" About 10 years ago , " Finkel recalls , " A friend of mine came to me looking very grumpy .
He had [ Williams ' ] diaries and he wanted to sell them , but the Imperial War Museum was only interested in those sections that covered the wars , and he did n't want to split them up .
So I bought them , and that started me off ; I 've never stopped .
Now I indiscriminately collect every diary I can find , on the basis that even one about changing the tax disc or mending the fence , if it were 400 years old , would be very interesting .
Something that 's absolutely contemporary looks like rubbish .
Something from the Sixties that might have been in the same room as Jimi Hendrix already has a certain romance .
Something from the 1860s is precious .
And something from 1660 is like gold dust .
It 's the march of time that makes things interesting . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This Friday , 1 January , it will be 350 years since Samuel Pepys first put quill to parchment and began his famous diaries .
It 's very easy to imagine not only that journals like Godfrey Williams ' are under threat , but that the very idea of the daily diary is imperilled by blogs , PDAs and the teeming distractions of modern life ; that Bridget Jones 's Biro could soon be replaced by the blogger 's beloved keyboard .
Yet if diary devotees like Finkel are to be believed , then the blog is incapable of replacing the diary , and diarists are likely as numerous as ever ; it 's just that most of them are , by their very nature , private about the practice .
" Since I bought that first set I 've found it difficult not to ask everyone I meet whether they keep a diary , " says Finkel – who does not keep one himself .
" I 've found that even people I 've known personally for a long time are diarists and I never knew it .
We wo n't know whether diary writing is in decline until later , because we do n't realise that it 's going on right now .
Diarists have to be left in privacy . "
Some people can be persuaded to share the intimate moments recorded in their diaries , but only at a slight remove from those moments .
The writer Sarah Brown organises a regular event at the George pub in central London called Cringe , at which volunteers read embarrassing entries from their teenage journals aloud , long after the fact .
Brown has selected the very best examples ( " Mark said I had big knockers today , which is n't strictly true , but is a lovely compliment anyway ... " ; " I hate my family .
I want curly hair and to be happy .
Suicide is the only way ... " ; and so on ) and compiled a book , also entitled Cringe ( Michael O'Mara , 2008 ) .
" I 've kept a diary since I was five years old , " says Brown , " and I 've still got them all .
The one I 've been writing for the last five years is still too tender to look back through , but the point of Cringe is that it 's teenage diaries , with all the hormones and mood swings and drama it entails .
Everything seemed a big deal then , which is why it 's so funny to look back at now . "
The fictional Adrian Mole famously began recording his many youthful humiliations aged 13 - and - three - quarters , and their teens are when most people begin keeping diaries , be it as a way to let off steam about a much - fancied classmate , or simply because a generous aunt gave them a leather - bound notebook for Christmas that they feel obliged to fill .
A recent Senate House catalogue of published and unpublished diaries about London , says Finkel , proved that diarists come from all walks of life , from cabinet ministers to cabbies .
Sharing diaries , however , is " a great equaliser , " Brown insists .
" If they did n't get up to read , you 'd have a different view of most of the people at Cringe .
If you were standing next to them at the bar , you 'd give them a once - over and form a judgement , but the minute they get up and read those experiences from their teenage diaries you have an immediate respect for them – because they have a sense of humour about themselves . "
Many of the diaries read aloud at Cringe would have been written before instant publication was possible thanks to Blogger , Wordpress or LiveJournal but , says Brown , on the few occasions she has received blog submissions from younger writers , she has rejected them .
A blogger 's instinct is often to fashion a supplementary persona – like call - girl Belle de Jour , or Salam Pax , the Baghdad Blogger – which can prevent them pouring their most intimate feelings onto the page .
" I write a blog , " Brown explains , " and when I first started I did n't think anyone would ever find it so I wrote in some detail about my private life .
But I soon discovered that my friends and family were reading it .
No matter what you 're comfortable confessing online , you 'll never write for an audience the way you write for yourself .
I do n't think the internet could ever replace a book that you keep under your pillow . "
Both Brown and Finkel are distrustful of diaries written with publication in mind , but such records serve a valuable public purpose , too .
Chris Mullin , Labour MP for Sunderland South , recently published A View from the Foothills , ( Profile , 2008 ) a diary of his years as a junior minister in Tony Blair 's government from 1999 to 2005 – and he intends to publish two more volumes , covering 1994 - 1999 and 2005 - 2010 .
" I kept a diary when I was a teenager , " Mullin admits , " but hopefully none of that will ever see the light of day ... I started keeping it again on the night John Smith died , in May 1994 .
I felt I was a witness to significant historical events and , being a writer [ Mullin is also a novelist ] felt a compulsive desire to record them .
Over the years it became a kind of therapy ; I could let off steam in the diary when I could n't in public . "
Many private diarists neglect descriptions of major news events – from World War Two to 9/11 – in favour of a paragraph about vacuuming the sitting room .
Not so the political diarist .
Alan Clark 's diaries turned the junior Conservative minister into the definitive insider chronicler of the Thatcher years ; Mullin 's ambition is to provide the same service for New Labour .
" It 's those occupying the lower foothills who write the best diaries , " he explains .
" People at the very top are far too busy to keep a diary and , if they do , they understandably spend a lot of their time trying to justify their decisions .
Lower down the pecking order , you have less inclination to do so . "
Samuel Pepys himself was an impeccably connected backbench MP , eventually rising to become Chief Secretary to the Admiralty .
" Jock Colville [ whose diaries cover the war years in 10 Downing Street ] was private secretary to Churchill , " says Mullin .
" Harold Nicolson [ whose published diaries covered 1930 to the 1950s ] never rose above junior minister but was a toff so he knew everybody .
Chips Channon never rose above the lowly level of PPS to the Deputy Foreign Secretary , but he was married to a Guinness , so he entertained on a gargantuan scale .
His diaries had the King coming to dinner during the abdication crisis . "
Irving Finkel 's diary collection fills two large cupboards , a number of boxes dotted around his artefact - strewn office at the British Museum and , unknown to his wife , a couple more at home .
" I 'm convinced people tell the truth when they write a diary , " he says .
" It 's very hard to encounter someone so intimately in normal human interaction unless they 're a family member .
Most people are encapsulated by social devices that keep others at a distance . "
Even within some diaries there are such devices .
An apparently impenetrable table of numbers and country names in the back of one of Godfrey Williams ' early diaries turned out to be a catalogue of his stamp collection .
One of Finkel 's other acquisitions is the wartime diary of a schoolgirl that was split between teenage reminiscences in English , and lengthy passages in a substitution code .
A linguist by trade , Finkel saw it as a point of honour to break the code , and found that " those sections were about her mother being a part - time prostitute and having clients come to the house .
It 's heartbreaking ...
In some respect , the diary provides a rescue corner for the human spirit . "
Says Brown : " Re-reading an old diary is a good way to remember that if you 're having a hard time , you 've had hard times before and got through them . "
In his search for the diaries of ordinary people , Finkel has found that many potential historical treasures have disappeared , discarded or destroyed by unthinking mourners or removal men .
In the hope of preserving more , he has proposed the notion of a National Diary Repository : a single , large space where people could send old diaries , to be salvaged for posterity .
" If you find a long run of diaries , " he says , " say 40 years , it takes a long time to read , and you can be drawn in by the most apparently mundane things with the same power as a clever literary novel ...
Some people are novelists or journalists and get published regularly .
But a great proportion of the human race never publishes anything , so if you 're a diarist you have an unpublished manuscript of substantial length that sums up your whole life .
It seems a tragedy that it could be lost , burned or thrown away . "
Pictured :
The moment British photographer cheated death under wheels of 200 mph runaway dragster
Advertisement
This is the terrifying moment a British photographer cheated death as an out - of - control drag racing car careered towards him out of control .
Andy Willsheer kept snapping even as the 250 mph car spun towards the crash barrier at Pomona Raceway in California .
Andy Willsheer barely takes a step backwards as the 250 mph dragster bares down on him
How it happened :
As Drag racer Steve Gassparelli accelerated away from the line his ' funny car ' suddenly veered to the right
There was nothing more Gassparelli could do but sit tight and hope the fuel - laden dragster did not explode
With the 250 mph funny car heading straight for him , Willsheer calmly snapped away - even though other photographers were running in the opposite direction
And yet closer :
In the blink of an eye the dragster was almost on the Briton ... but he kept the viewfinder of his camera clamped closely to his eye
Miraculously , the wrecked vehicle landed just feet away from the photographer , who escaped unharmed .
The high - powered machine , capable of going from 0 - 60 mph in under a second , skidded off the track after its right side wheels hit an oil slick .
Only the concrete barrier prevented Willsheer from being killed by stopping the car dead just three feet away from where he was standing .
‘ The crowd were yelling out for him to get out of the way and he kept on taking pictures , ’ said one eyewitness .
‘ He really is lucky to be alive , but he must have taken some great photos . ’
Safety teams shut down the engine as soon as it stopped and driver Steve Gasparrelli also walked away unhurt .
The giant back wheels loom large as Gassparelli's car strikes the concrete barrier
Inches from death :
The wheels were still spinning as the car mounted the barrier ...
Up close : Andy Wilsheer 's photo as the drag race car bounces off the barrier in front of him
With its troops no longer engaged in military operations inside Iraq , Great Britain has been liberated politically to conduct a postmortem of that conflict , including the sensitive issue of the primary justification used by then Prime Minister Tony Blair for going to war , namely Iraqi weapons of mass destruction , or WMD .
The failure to find any WMD in Iraq following the March 2003 invasion and subsequent occupation of that country by US and British troops continues to haunt those who were involved in making the decision for war .
The issue of Iraqi WMD , and the role it played in influencing the decision for war , is at the centre of the ongoing Iraq war inquiry being conducted by Sir John Chilcot .
Among the more compelling testimonies provided to date has been that of Sir Christopher Meyer , the former British ambassador to the US , who served in that capacity during the lead - up to the invasion of Iraq .
Meyer convincingly portrayed an environment where the decision by the US to invade Iraq , backed by Blair , precluded any process ( such as viable UN weapons inspections ) that sought to compel Iraq to prove it had no WMD .
Rather , Great Britain and the US were left " scrambling " to find evidence of a " smoking gun " to prove Iraq indeed possessed the WMD it was accused of having .
In short , Saddam had been found guilty of possessing WMD , and his sentence had been passed down by Washington and London void of any hard evidence that such weapons , or even related programmes , even existed .
The sentence meted out – regime termination – mandated such a massive deployment of troops and material that all but the wilfully blind or intentionally ignorant had to know by the early autumn of 2002 that war with Iraq was inevitable .
One simply does not initiate the movement of hundreds of thousands of troops , thousands of armoured vehicles and aircraft , and dozens of ships on a whim or to reinforce an idle threat .
President George Bush was able to disguise his blatant militarism behind the false sincerity of his ally Blair and his own secretary of state , Colin Powell .
The president 's task was made far easier given the role of useful idiot played by much of the mainstream media in the US and Britain , where reporters and editors alike dutifully repeated both the hyped - up charges levied against Iraq and the false pretensions that a diplomatic solution was being sought .
The tragic final act of the farce directed by Bush and Blair was the theatre of war justification known as UN weapons inspections .
Having played the WMD card so forcefully in an effort to justify war with Iraq , the US ( and by extension , Britain ) were compelled once again to revisit the issue of disarmament .
But the reality was that disarming Iraq was the furthest thing from the mind of either Bush or Blair .
The decision to use military force to overthrow Saddam was made by these two leaders independent of any proof that Iraq was in possession of weapons of mass destruction .
Having found Iraq guilty , the last thing those who were positioning themselves for war wanted was to re-engage a process that not only had failed to uncover any evidence Iraq 's retention of WMD in the past , but was actually positioned to produce fact - based evidence that would either contradict or significantly weaken the case for war already endorsed by Bush and Blair .
The US and Britain had both abandoned aggressive UN weapons inspections in the spring of 1998 .
UN weapons inspectors were able and willing to conduct intrusive no - notice inspections of any site inside Iraq , including those associated with the Iraqi president , if it furthered their mandate of disarmament .
But the US viewed such inspections as useful only in so far as they either manufactured a crisis that produced justification for military intervention ( as was the case with inspections in March and December 1998 ) , or sustained the notion of continued Iraqi non-compliance so as to justify the continuation of economic sanctions .
An inspection process that diluted arguments of Iraq 's continued retention of WMD by failing to uncover any hard evidence that would sustain such allegations , or worse , sustain Iraq 's contention that it had no such weaponry , was not in the interest of US policy objectives that sought regime change , and as such required the continuation of stringent economic sanctions linked to Iraq 's disarmament obligation .
The British were never willing ( or able ) to confront meaningfully the American policy of abusing the legitimate inspection - based mandate of the UN inspectors .
Instead , London sought to manage inspection - based confrontation by insisting that before any intrusive inspection could be carried out , it would have to be backed by high - quality intelligence .
But even this position collapsed in the face of an American decision , made in April 1998 , to stop supporting aggressive inspections altogether .
In the end , the British were left with the role of fabricating legitimacy for an American policy of terminating weapons inspections in Iraq , supplying dated intelligence of questionable veracity about a secret weapons cache being stored in the basement of a Ba'ath party headquarters in Baghdad , which was used to trigger an inspection the US hoped the Iraqis would balk at .
When the Iraqis ( as hoped ) balked , the US ordered the inspectors out of Iraq , leading to the initiation of Operation Desert Fox , a 72 - hour bombing campaign designed to ensure that Iraq would not allow the return of UN inspectors , effectively keeping UN sanctions " frozen " in place .
As of December 1998 , both the US and Britain knew there was no " smoking gun " in Iraq that could prove that Saddam 's government was retaining or reconstituting a WMD capability .
Nothing transpired between that time and when the decision was made in 2002 to invade Iraq that fundamentally altered that basic picture .
But having decided on war using WMD as the justification , both the US and Great Britain began the process of fabricating a case after the fact .
Lacking new intelligence data on Iraqi WMD , both nations resorted to either recycling old charges that had been disproved by UN inspectors in the past , or fabricating new charges that would not withstand even the most cursory of investigations .
The reintroduction of UN weapons inspectors into Iraq in November 2002 was counterproductive for those who were using WMD as an excuse for war .
This was aptly demonstrated when , in the first weeks following their return to Iraq , the inspectors discredited almost all of the intelligence - based charges both the US and Britain had levelled against Iraq , while failing to uncover any evidence of the massive stockpile of WMD that Iraq had been accused of retaining .
The decision for war had been made independently of any viable intelligence information on Iraqi WMD .
As such , the work of the UN weapons inspectors inside Iraq following their return in November 2002 was not a factor in influencing the lead - up to the actual invasion of Iraq .
Having decided that Saddam was guilty of possessing WMD , the failure of the UN weapons inspectors to uncover evidence of such retention made their efforts not only irrelevant , but undesirable .
The inconvenience of the UN weapons inspectors when it comes to the truth about the lead - up to the war with Iraq continues to this day .
The parade of British diplomats and officials appearing before the Chilcot hearings rightly point out the absolute lack of any " smoking gun " concerning Iraq and WMD .
But until Chilcot receives testimony from those best positioned to speak about Iraq 's WMD programmes , namely the UN weapons inspectors themselves , all the hearings will succeed in doing is sustain the false appearance of well - meaning British officials , stampeded into a war with Iraq by an overbearing American ally , looking in vain for a " smoking gun " that would justify their decision to invade .
The evidence needed to undermine any WMD - based case for war , derived from the work of the UN weapons inspectors , was always available to those officials in a position to weigh in on this matter , but either never consulted or deliberately ignored .
There is a big difference between searching for a " smoking gun " and searching for the truth .
By ignoring and / or undermining the work of the UN weapons inspectors in the lead - up to the war with Iraq , British officials demonstrated that they were not interested in the truth about Iraqi WMD , a fact that testimony provided by the likes of Sir Christopher Meyer alludes to , but falls short of actually stating .
The search for truth can be an inconvenient process , especially when it threatens to expose potentially illegal activities in the prosecution of an unpopular war .
Until he calls upon UN weapons inspectors themselves to deliver testimony before his inquiry , Sir John Chilcot perpetuates the perception that Britain simply can't handle the truth when it comes to uncovering the level of official British culpability in the deliberate fabrication of a case for war against Iraq that everyone knew , or should have known , was false .
Oil prices have surged nearly 80 % this year The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) has warned that the recent rise in the price of oil " risks derailing the recovery " if it continues .
The IEA says that oil demand itself will also rebound much more slowly if price rises continue in 2010 .
The oil price has risen more than 70 % this year and is trading at about $ 77 a barrel , after falling on Thursday .
The IEA also warned that signs of renewed economic growth around the world remained " tentative " .
The price of oil fell $ 2.43 to $ 76.85 a barrel on Thursday after a bigger than expected rise in weekly US oil supplies .
' Risk '
In its monthly report , the agency said China was driving demand and revised upwards its forecasts .
In 2010 , it predicts a 1.6 % increase in demand to 86.2 million barrels a day .
The IEA said that in the US , " the ' real ' economy , as opposed to the financial one is struggling to recover " and added that if the government withdrew its stimulus spending measures , the economy could " choke again ... and cast further gloom on an already depressed job market " .
It added that economies in developed countries were still fragile , and that demand for oil in those nations was dropping away when prices hit $ 80 a barrel .
" If prices keep rebounding , there 's a risk to the global economy as a whole , even to some of those economies in the Far East and even the Middle East , " said David Fyfe , the head of the IEA 's oil industry division .
However , the IEA also said global oil demand would grow in the fourth quarter of this year , the first year - on - year increase in fuel use since the second quarter of 2008 .
And it raised global oil demand forecasts for 2009 by 210,000 barrels to 84.8 million barrels a day .
Meanwhile , the IEA said that oil producing cartel OPEC pumped more oil in October than in September .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Spying on each other to spot crime ( Image : Fran May / Getty )
Innovation is our regular column that highlights emerging technological ideas and where they may lead
When an ad hoc team of 5000 people who assembled in just two hours found 10 weather balloons hidden across the US by the Pentagon ’s research agency earlier this month , it was just another demonstration of the power of crowdsourcing – solving a task by appealing to a large undefined group of web users to each do a small chunk of it .
So far crowdsourcing has been associated with well - meaning altruism , such as the creation and maintenance of Wikipedia or searching for lost aviators .
But crowdsourcing of a different flavour has started to emerge .
Advertisement
Law enforcement officials in Texas have installed a network of CCTV cameras to monitor key areas along that state ’s 1900 - kilometre - long border with Mexico .
To help screen the footage , a website lets anyone log in to watch a live feed from a border camera and report suspicious activity .
A similar system called Internet Eyes , which pays online viewers to spot shoplifters from in - store camera feeds , is set to launch in the UK in 2010 .
An Iranian website is offering rewards for identifying people in photos taken during protests over June ’s elections .
Crowd chilling
Some people have declared those examples chilling .
Now Jonathan Zittrain , a Harvard University law professor and co-founder of the Berkman Center for Internet and Society , says the next step may be for such efforts to get web users to help out covertly .
In a recent talk , “ Minds for Sale “ , at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View , California , he pointed out that this could be done right away , using Amazon ’s Mechanical Turk , a service that provides a platform for anyone to farm out simple tasks .
In a speculative example , Zittrain has calculated that , assuming a population in Iran of around 72 million people , it would cost around $ 17,000 for the government to use Mechanical Turk to identify any arbitrary person ’s picture , without the users that are doing it realising the cause they have enlisted in .
The scheme would show “ Turkers ” a photo of a protest , or just faces extracted from one , along with five randomly chosen photos from the country ’s ID card database , and asked to say whether or not there is any match .
Users would receive a few cents each time they contribute .
Furthermore , Zittrain says that such a task might be made into an addictive game , similar to Google ’s image labeller .
“ The people making the identifications in India or the US , idly doing this on their lunch hour instead of Minesweeper , would have no idea of the implications of what they are doing , ” Zittrain said in the talk .
“ I think people ought to know how their work is being used , ” he told New Scientist .
Crowdsourcing ’s power to compartmentalise and abstract away the true meaning of tasks turns human intelligence into a commodity .
Zittrain ’s thought experiment shows how it could potentially entice people into participating in a project that they otherwise would n’t support .
Read previous Innovation columns : Making a map for everyone , by everyone , Where next for social networking ? ,
The dizzying ambition of Wolfram Alpha , Can technology persuade us to stop trashing the planet ? , Ultimate jukebox is next step in net music , You Facebook , you Tweet , now lifelog , The psychology of Google Wave .
A couple of decades ago , most people probably read Calvin and Hobbes , holding the daily newspaper over a bowl of cereal or a plate of toast .
I know I did .
It was one of the few comic strips that was actually funny or interesting .
By the time Calvin and Hobbes started running in 1985 , most of the old standbys that I 'd read were no longer funny to me or were just recycled material .
Along with Bloom County , The Far Side and a few other clever strips , Calvin and Hobbes kept the funny pages going .
Recently , when I learned of a new book called Looking for Calvin and Hobbes : The Unconventional Story of Bill Watterson and His Revolutionary Comic Strip , I knew I had to read it .
I wanted to learn the story behind the strip and about the man who created it .
I managed to procure a review copy .
Once I started reading , I quickly read the thing cover to cover .
It ended up not being the book I was expecting .
It was different , more , better .
Nevin Martell , the author of the book , knew that Bill Watterson is an elusive character .
Many other journalists had tried to score an interview in recent years , but all had failed .
Nevin tried anyway , while still respecting the cartoonist 's privacy .
This book is what resulted .
Nevin wrote the book as if he is a friend sitting down with you and telling a story .
The tone is conversational , and the story unfolds a little bit at a time , building anticipation .
Will he talk to Bill Watterson ?
What will he learn along the way ?
The way the book leads from chapter to chapter , the order and progression of it , makes sense and takes you along on Nevin 's journey of discovery .
Note :
This , dear reader , is where I warn you of spoilers ahead .
I will discuss many parts of the book , including the ending .
So if you want to be surprised , stop here and go read the book .
Otherwise , continue on , learn some of what the book contains , and then go read the book .
Since Nevin unfolds the story as he goes and shares it in chronological order as well as by topic , it reads more like a novel and less like nonfiction .
He starts by describing Bill 's early career including when he learned to draw , his drawing experiences in college , early work as a political cartoonist , how he missed the mark with early strip ideas , how Calvin and Hobbes originally got passed over , and how and where it finally found a home .
Along the way Bill 's influences are discussed , the strip itself is reviewed and other cartoonists that have been influenced by the strip are interviewed .
Every aspect of Bill 's career is covered .
Nevin describes what makes Bill Watterson different and special , and what details Bill includes to make it a rich comic strip , full of imagination and longevity .
One of the first things we learn in the book is that Bill Watterson always worked hard on his strip .
He never wanted to put anything out there that was mediocre .
He probably threw away strips that were better than other cartoonists ' best strips .
The best comic strips can both be taken and enjoyed individually , or , when read as a whole , convey a deeper or more complete meaning .
Calvin and Hobbes can do both of these .
Throughout the book , Nevin quotes liberally from past interviews that were done with Bill , and also from Watterson 's published Calvin and Hobbes books .
He also includes many quotes from the people he interviewed himself , to allow you to hear directly from those who knew and know Bill .
In Bill 's own words , this is why his strip differed from others and had more thoughtful content : " Behind the jokes , I try to talk about life in a serious way .
I do n't look at cartooning as just an entertainment .
It 's a rare privilege to be able to talk to hundreds of millions of people on a given day , and I do n't want to squander that privilege with mindless chatter .
There is an opportunity here to talk about real issues of life with sensitivity , warmth and humor . "
( Quote originally from Lee Nordling 's book , Your Career in Comics .
It was then quoted in Looking for Calvin and Hobbes . )
One ongoing thread in the book is the lack of Calvin and Hobbes merchandise .
You may wonder why there were never Calvin plushies , Hobbes lunchboxes , Spaceman Spiff bed sheets or snowman playsets .
Bill Watterson did n't want fame .
He just wanted to pay his bills and draw his strip .
He was n't in it for the millions that he could make by licensing his characters .
In the end , he only did two authorized calendars and the book collections of strips .
He wanted the strip to stand on its own .
During an interview for The Comics Journal in 1989 , Bill said , " I 'm not interested in removing all the subtlety from my work to condense it for a product . "
In a Cleveland Plain Dealer interview during the summer of 1987 , Bill gave what was " a full - on rant that was Watterson 's manifesto against celebrity , " according to Nevin Martell .
Bill felt all along that you have to hold onto and protect your privacy and personal life or else you will lose it .
Developing merchandise and becoming omnipresent in our society would have threatened his way of life .
Some might think that he gave up a lot to keep his personal life private .
I think that he made the better choice .
Bill Watterson knows what he wants and what he does n't .
He never sold out , not even a little .
Nor did he compromise his stance on merchandising or sacrifice the world that he created in his strip .
In the end , Nevin never did talk to Bill directly , but he did speak with Bill 's mother on the phone .
Perhaps that was enough closure .
But throughout the book , you still really get to know Bill Watterson as a cartoonist and how he feels about the cartooning industry .
He never wanted anyone else deciding how he should do the strip .
While I was reading Looking for Calvin and Hobbes , I wondered with anticipation , will Nevin ever find and talk to Bill Watterson ?
I could feel the uncertainty that Nevin probably felt during his research and writing process .
But in the end , it is better that he did n't talk to Bill .
It fits perfectly with how Bill Watterson rejects celebrity and wants Calvin and Hobbes to stand on its own .
Which it certainly does .
For more information , see Nevin Martell 's book preview video , or read an interview with him .
The book retails for $ 24.95 in hardcover , but costs less on Amazon .
In addition , you can get The Complete Calvin and Hobbes , Calvin and Hobbes : Sunday Pages 1985 - 1995 and a variety of other Calvin and Hobbes collections .
Wired : Learn as much as you can about Bill Watterson and his wonderful strip , Calvin and Hobbes .
Is n't that enough ?
Tired :
My only complaint is that when the author would nest quotation marks , both the outside and inside marks would be double quotation marks , instead of using single ones inside .
This would be confusing upon occasion , but distracting always .
ii .
Viennese Musical Clock
v. Intermezzo
PROKOFIEV : Lt. Kijé Suite :
iii .
Wedding of Kijé
iv .
Troika
London Philharmonic Orchestra , Klaus Tennstedt , cond .
EMI , recorded c 1983
As I mentioned last week , I also had George Szell 's memorable Háry János - Kijé coupling ( to which Sony has added his outstanding recording of Maurice Ravel 's beloved orchestration of Modest Mussorgsky 's Pictures at an Exhibition ) on order .
That CD has since tumbled in , and we 'll be hearing some if it when we come back to this music .
I also tracked down a CD of the Háry János Suite from the much underrated series of recordings made by Erich Leinsdorf while he was music director of the Boston Symphony ( 1962-69 ) .
That recording was presumably made at the same time I heard and them play it at the Brooklyn Academy of Music .
( Back then the BSO not only played an extensive series of concerts each season at Carnegie Hall but a shorter series in Brooklyn , with student tickets often available for a dollar . )
That was the first time I ever heard Háry János .
If I recall correctly , it was on the program with the Mahler First Symphony , and that would have been the first Mahler symphony I ever heard .
( Leinsdorf and the BSO also recorded that , and even now , when I 've got probably several dozen Mahler Firsts , I think that 's still the one I would pick if I could have only one . )
Háry János also contains two works by Kodály 's countryman , onetime student , and longtime friend and colleague , Béla Bartók .
( That 's the young Bartók with Kodály in the photo . )
First , there 's his culminating orchestral masterpiece , the Concerto for Orchestra .
( Parenthetically , this was the first recording Leinsdorf and the BSO made together , and to celebrate the occasion RCA originally issued it along with a promotional LP gathering BSO recordings made by Leinsdorf 's illustrious predecessors in Boston going back to a 1918 acoustical Lohengrin Act III Prelude conducted by Karl Muck , which I played endlessly , and also including Serge Koussevitzky 's recording of Prokofiev 's Classical Symphony , which is how I got to know that delectable piece ( which we 'll be hearing when we come back to Prokofiev ) .
Then there 's the recording of the Hungarian Sketches by that volatile Hungarian Fritz Reiner with the Chicago Symphony .
The BMG CD that contains Leinsdorf ' salso contains two works by Kodály 's countryman , onetime student , and longtime friend and colleague , Béla Bartók .
( That 's the young Bartók with Kodály in the photo . )
First , there 's his culminating orchestral masterpiece , the ( Parenthetically , this was the first recording Leinsdorf and the BSO made together , and to celebrate the occasion RCA originally issued it along with a promotional LP gathering BSO recordings made by Leinsdorf 's illustrious predecessors in Boston going back to a 1918 acoustical Act III Prelude conducted by Karl Muck , which I played endlessly , and also including Serge Koussevitzky 's recording of Prokofiev 'sSymphony , which is how I got to know that delectable piece ( which we 'll be hearing when we come back to Prokofiev ) .
Then there 's the recording of theby that volatile Hungarian Fritz Reiner with the Chicago Symphony .
BARTÓK : Concerto for Orchestra , Sz. 116
ii .
Giuoco delle coppie ( Game of Couples )
( Allegretto scherzando )
that the movement " is in five sections , each thematically distinct from each other , with a different pair of instruments playing together in each section .
In each passage a different interval separates the pair — bassoons are a minor sixth apart , oboes are in minor thirds , clarinets in minor sevenths , flutes in fifths and muted trumpets in major seconds .
The movement prominently features a side drum which taps out a rhythm at the beginning and end of the movement .
Wikipedia notes that the movement " is in five sections , each thematically distinct from each other , with a different pair of instruments playing together in each section .
In each passage a different interval separates the pair — bassoons are a minor sixth apart , oboes are in minor thirds , clarinets in minor sevenths , flutes in fifths and muted trumpets in major seconds .
The movement prominently features a side drum which taps out a rhythm at the beginning and end of the movement .
( Wikipedia also notes that Sir Georg Solti , after consulting the manuscript , discovered that Bartók indicated a considerably faster metronome marking than we have in the printed score , and a tempo marking for the movement of " Allegro scherzando " rather than " Allegretto scherzando . "
We 're going to hear a Solti Concerto for Orchestra at the end of this post .
Note the difference in " Giuoco delle coppie . " )
iv . Intermezzo interrotto ( Interrupted Intermezzo )
( Allegretto )
Wikipedia , again , says the movement " consists of a flowing melody with changing time signatures , intermixed with a theme parodying and ridiculing the march tune in Dmitri Shostakovich's ' Leningrad ' Symphony ( No. 7 ) .
The theme is itself interrupted by glissandi on the trombones and woodwinds .
In this movement , the timpani are featured when the second theme is introduced , requiring 12 different pitches of the timpani over the course of 20 seconds .
The general structure is ' ABA–interruption–BA . ' "
Boston Symphony Orchestra , Erich Leinsdorf , cond .
RCA / BMG , recorded 1962
After all the bits and pieces , I thought we should listen to all of the two Bartók orchestral pieces we 've sampled , starting with the Hungarian Sketches -- first in the Reiner recording , then in one by another distinguished Hungarian - born conductor , Antal Dorati .
BARTÓK : Hungarian Sketches , Sz. 71
i. Evening in the Village
ii .
Bear Dance
iii .
Melody
iv .
A Bit Tipsy
v. Swineherds ' Dance
Chicago Symphony Orchestra , Fritz Reiner , cond .
RCA / BMG , recorded 1958
Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra , Antal Dorati , cond .
Mercury , recorded 1956
Finally we come back t what I would think is Bartók 's best - known work , completed in 1943 by the already - ill composer on a ( temporarily ) life - saving commission engineered by Boston Symphony music director Serge Koussevitzky , played first by the BSO under Erich Leinsdorf and then by the World Orchestra for Peace conducted by yet another celebrated Hungarian - born conductor , Sir Georg Solti .
BARTÓK : Concerto for Orchestra , Sz.116
i. Introduzione ( Allegro vivace )
ii .
Giuoco delle coppie ( Allegretto scherzando )
iii .
Elegia ( Andante non troppo )
iv . Intermezzo interrotto ( Allegretto )
v. Finale ( Pesante ; Presto )
Movements i.-ii .
Movements iii.-v.
Boston Symphony Orchestra , Erich Leinsdorf , cond .
RCA / BMG , recorded 1962
Movements i.-ii .
Movements iii.-v.
World Orchestra for Peace , Sir Georg Solti , cond .
Decca , recorded live at the United Nations 50th Anniversary Concert , Geneva , July 5 , 1995
# After all the bits and pieces , I thought we should listen toof the two Bartók orchestral pieces we 've sampled , starting with the -- first in the Reiner recording , then in one by another distinguished Hungarian - born conductor , Antal Dorati .
Finally we come back t what I would think is Bartók 's best - known work , completed in 1943 by the already - ill composer on a ( temporarily ) life - saving commission engineered by Boston Symphony music director Serge Koussevitzky , played first by the BSO under Erich Leinsdorf and then by the World Orchestra for Peace conducted by yet another celebrated Hungarian - born conductor , Sir Georg Solti .
This is n't " masterpiece " Bartók , of course .
The composer admitted that he did this set of orchestrations as a way to have some of his more accessible music more widely played , notably on the radio ( and maybe even earn him a bit of money ) .
Nevertheless , theare wonderful stuff .
Only a couple of them clearly fall under our heading of musical funny business .
Let 's first refresh our memory of the " Bear Dance " :
In the nonhumorous category , here 's the opening , first in the composer - played piano version -- an unfortunately incomplete ( and technically less good ) transcription from the same broadcast as the " Bear Dance " -- and then , again , in the Reiner orchestral version .
We 're going to come back to the , but to return to last week 's preview subject ( see the link above ) , " Musical funny business from two great composers and a great conductor , " I 'm surely not alone in specially treasuring theandmusic preciselythey draw on their composers ' wit , and I think the sense of humor -- in particular from a predominantly " serious " artist of great stature -- is often one of his or her most personal dimensions .
( At this stage of his career , actually , Prokofiev was unleashing his wicked sense of humor all over the place , and we 'll hear some of it when we come around to a Prokofiev " Musical Funny Business " installment . )
As I thought about this subject of musical funny business , I made an effort to gather CD versions of recordings that have meant a lot to me .
You already heard one fruit of this in last week 's sampling of Klaus Tennstedt 's incandescent recording ofand .
By way of a tease , here are additional excerpts from each .
Binnington and Atkinson reported to police ahead of their extradition Two cousins from Essex who were in a car which hit and killed a teenager in Cyprus have been transferred to a Cypriot prison after being extradited .
Michael Binnington and Luke Atkinson from Witham were taken to Heathrow Airport and flown to Cyprus where they will begin jail terms for manslaughter .
Last week they lost their High Court bid to avoid extradition to the island .
The men were in a car driven by Julian Harrington when it hit a moped , killing pillion passenger Christos Papiris , 17 .
Karen
Todner , the cousin 's lawyer , said they faced a minimum of six months in Nicosia before they could be brought back .
She said : " I just hope their safety is looked after because there was a lot of widespread local anger about this case . "
' Surprised by decision '
Earlier the men attended Belgravia police station in central London where they shared a tearful farewell with members of their family before being taken to Heathrow Airport where they were handed over to Cypriot authorities .
Ms Todner said : " I am surprised by the decision of the Supreme Court in this country not to get involved with this case .
" The only thing we can do is get them repatriated to this country as soon as possible .
" I imagine the family will try to go over there to visit and I have arranged for the British High Commission to visit them tomorrow . "
Harrington , also from Witham , is serving a 15 - year jail sentence after admitting manslaughter and causing grievous bodily harm in the crash in Protaras in 2006 .
Binnington , 23 , and Atkinson , 24 , were initially acquitted by a Cypriot court in February 2007 , but that verdict was overturned by the higher court in January 2008 after they had returned to the UK .
They were then sentenced in their absence by the Supreme Court of Cyprus to three years ' jail each .
In June , they lost their UK court fight against extradition and recently the UK Supreme Court turned down their applications for another appeal .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you 've ever fantasized about Ginormica or the 50 - foot woman , you 're not alone .
" Giantess " porn is huge on the Internet .
Witness massive ( and half - naked ) women stomping cities into rubble , and tiny men who adore them .
And yes , it 's very NSFW .
People have been dreaming about loving giant women ( or becoming giant women , for that matter ) forever .
But the Internet has fostered a really vibrant , creative community of people who 've created artwork and lore .
This fetish has a fancy name : macrophilia , according to this 1999 Salon article .
There are actually two different types of macrophilia porn :
There are women who 've been hit with growth rays ( or growth viruses ) turning them into giants .
And then there are men who 've been hit with shrink rays or whatnot .
The science - fiction origins of this fetish rest with movies like Attack OF The 50 Foot Woman and The Incredible Shrinking Man .
If you want to get the total awesomeness of giantess fetish , you have to go with artwork , which allows creators ' imaginations to run wild .
There are tons and tons of message boards and groups where people post their favorite art showing massive women and the doll - like men who love them .
A lot .
Advertisement
And some of our favorite giantess art comes from Dream Tales , which kindly allowed us to feature a few images from their comics :
But adherents to this fetish also post tons and tons of homemade Photoshop collages , showing scantily dressed or naked women stomping across cities and trampling little men , including the one above , and these masterpieces :
There 's even a giantess and shrunken men Flickr pool , where people post their own creations .
Advertisement
On the other hand , if you want actual professionally shot giantess porn , that exists as well .
There are tons of pay porn sites that feature staged photos of women in their underwear , smashing model cities and stepping on toy soldiers .
There 's even HebrewGiantess.com , for those of you who just desperately needed " point of view " shots of a man looking up at a skyscraper - sized Jewish woman .
Here are some of our favorite pay - site images :
But like many other niche fetishes , the love of giant women is ( wait for it ) big in Japan .
Just check out this scene from a live - action video , featuring a man who 's been shrunk to the size of a doll .
The movie also includes scenes where the woman stimulates the helpless little man 's tiny penis with a giant Q- tip .
And the man climbs inside her vagina .
But here 's a nice scene where she licks his face and then he climbs onto her breast :
And then there 's some amazing manga and hentai art from Japan , showing — among other things , a giant woman having sex with a giant robot .
Advertisement
Fans have also collected these amazing Kookai ads , featuring giant women and tiny men ( via the defunct GTSFeet site ) :
So obviously , giantess porn , to some extent , is a fantasy about female power — women who grow to the size of a mountain are stand - ins for powerful women everywhere .
But at the same time , you have to love the playfulness and sheer weirdness of the huge females crushing cities with the sheer force of their voluptuousness .
About Chris Wenham has been writing fiction and nonfiction for over 20 years .
You can follow his ongoing work at ChrisWenham.com
Nootropics : their effects , their risks , and where to get them ( With the perspectives of a user )
Ten years ago I went on a quest to become an expert on coffee and to sample as many different ways of making it and as many different varieties that existed .
I tried everything from the French Press to the Coffee Siphon , Hawaiian Kona to Jamaican Blue Mountain .
But unsatisfied with mere coffee , I went on a quest to find out how to use chemicals to enhance my mind .
It had its roots in old high - school days when I 'd bring a sixpack of Jolt cola to a computer - programming marathon : cramming together study halls and lunch breaks in my senior year .
The nootropics of that era were caffeine , sugar , cortisol , dopamine , epinephrine and norepineprhine , and the last four in that list were all natural hormones my body was making itself .
The first " smart drug " I heard about was Modafinil , which was described as a pill that could let you stay awake without fatigue for 48 hours , sleep for 8 , and then repeat the experience again indefinitely .
Modafinil c an do that under the right circumstances , but it turns out that it was not a drug that would turn you into a superthinker overnight .
" Moda " was to be just one of many substances I 'd experience firsthand .
brain in what we expect is a good way .
Each of the drugs described below will have a physiological effect , and my list does not cover substances that bear no published or firsthand evidence of such .
WARNING
Some of the drugs described below are dangerous and can kill you .
You must not take them until you have seen a doctor for a physical exam and a psychiatrist for a mental health exam .
Both exams are important : one of the drugs below affects homeostasis and can kill someone who is n't in good physical condition .
Others affect the production of neurotransmitters , and if you have a mental illness such as depression then they can exacerbate the disease or interfere with its treatment .
Take apart the word " Nootropic " and you get fragments of Greek words that mean " affecting the mind " , but the word is used to label drugs that affect thein what we expect is a good way .
Each of the drugs described below will have a physiological effect , and my list does not cover substances that bear no published or firsthand evidence of such .
The first drugs on our list are commonly regarded as basic nutrients or dietary supplements and are n't harmful .
The list will then progress to the stronger substances that I 've tried .
I have n't been paid by any of the companies mentioned in this article , but the Amazon links do pay me a percentage .
The advertising accompanying this site is Google 's AdSense .
Where I 've listed a retailer to purchase from , it means I have bought that drug from them for personal use .
So that said , beginning with the harmless and escalating in order of increasing risk : Iodine A critical nutrient , the lack of which leads to mental retardation .
It is n't typically included in lists of smart drugs , but it needs to be for two good reasons .
The first is that iodine deficiency is responsible for more unrealized intellect worldwide than any other nutritional factor , and populations with poor nutrition can be 10 or 15 IQ points behind the average .
The second is that even in western nations you can have an iodine deficiency and not know it .
Most westerners get their iodine from iodized salt and enriched flour , But if you prefer to use non-iodized flour or salt for cooking , and you live in an area with low soil iodine levels , then you may not be getting enough .
Iodine is part of the process of making thyroid hormones , and it's here that a deficiency leads not only to retardation but also to goiter .
Iodine also acts as an antioxidant ( one of the first in biological history - - its presence in early blue - green algae made it possible for them to produce oxygen without poisoning themselves in the process , and led to Earth having an oxygen - rich atmosphere ) .
Will I feel anything ?
There are no subjective sensations from consuming recommended doses of iodine .
Where to get it If you are not using iodized salt or enriched flour , then you and your children need to take iodine supplements .
Most once - a - day multivitamin pills contain plenty , but check the label because some do n't .
When and how often Every morning or with a meal .
Vitamin B1 ( Thiamine )
Used to treat alcoholics and sleep - apnea patients with memory loss , as it helps to rebuild neurons -- particularly those in the mamillary bodies of the hypothalamus in the brain .
Will I feel anything ?
Nope , but if you take an overdose you may feel nausea .
Where to get it Pork and yeast have the highest natural concentrations , but most of us get it from cereals ( wheat , corn , rice , etc . )
In pill form , you can find it in any supermarket or drugstore 's nutritional supplements aisle .
When and how often Every morning or with a meal .
Piracetam and Friends A memory enhancer .
The racetams ( " ra - see - tam " ) are the first drugs to inspire the term Nootropic , and the trade - name for Piracetam is Nootropil .
At the time of writing , their physical effect is believed to be similar to acetylcholinesterase inhibitors , meaning that it disables the action of an enzyme that deactivates a neurotransmitter called acetylcholine ( see the next segment on Choline for more information ) .
The judicial suppression of this enzyme can lead to greater memory retention and neural growth .
Racetams now come in a large number of formulations , which although they vary at the molecular level , are all based on the same chemical theme and all have the same effect in different degrees .
Those on the market are : Piracetam
Aniracetam
Oxiracetam
Pramiracetam
All are unregulated in the United States and sold over - the - counter as nutritional supplements .
You 're unlikely to find them in nutrition stores like GNC or Vitamin World , but all variants are easily found for sale on the Internet .
The differences between the varieties come down to whether they are fat soluble or not , which affects how easily they cross the blood - brain barrier .
To you , the matter is not of effectiveness but of convenience .
Piracetam is water soluble and extremely cheap ( $ 20 buys a large tub of Piracetam powder , of about 500 doses worth , and which dissolves easily into any beverage ) , but Oxiracetam and Pramiracetam are fat soluble ( add cream to your drink before you dissolve them , if you bought powered forms ) and proportionately more effective .
Whichever you chose you will get the same bang for the buck .
The racetams are also called cognitive enhancers , but this is a subjective term used when advertising them .
Studies of the drug have only tested for , and revealed improvements to memory .
Recetams are currently considered to be risk free , hence their unregulated status .
There are no immediate negative side effects , and -- at the time of writing -- no studies have exposed any long - term negative side - effects .
If you buy a tub of oxiracetam powder and take a teaspoonful , it'll probably have the taste and texture of sugar .
But buy it from a reputable source and you wo n't have been ripped - off .
There is a patented method for manufacturing drugs in a form that resembles and tastes like sugar .
Piracetam in powdered form tastes like nasty sugar , so try mixing it with chocolate milk or a citrus drink .
Will I feel anything ?
You may experience a slight buzz 30 minutes to an hour after taking your first high dose ( 2,000 mg of piracetam ) , but this will soon go away .
If you take piracetam regularly then this sensation will rarely ever return , even with higher doses .
The real effect of the racetams is on learning .
Some users experience headaches while taking racetams , which can be eliminated by supplementing with Choline ( described below ) .
Where to get it I have purchased and used Piracetam from the following sources : Piracetam is available from
Amazon.com
Biogenesis Antiaging
Bodybuilding.com
Smart Powders
Aniracetam from
Amazon.com
Biogenesis Antiaging
Smart Powders
Oxiracetam from
Amazon.com
Smart Powders ( best value : they offer quantity discounts if you buy 2 or more )
Pramiracetam from
Amazon.com
Biogenesis Antiaging
Smart Powders
When and how often Users have recommended taking a quadruple - dose 30 minutes before a study session , then taking regular doses every 2 - 4 hours afterward .
Piracetam 's suggested regular dose is 800 mg ( one pill , but check ) .
I have not experienced any side - effects after doses of 3,200 mg at one time , but remember that Aniracetam and other formulations are more potent and require lower dosages .
The 'racetam family have n't been proven effective as a daily supplement , so their usage ought to be restricted to study sessions specifically .
Choline A memory enhancer , and the most basic of a class of substances called cholinergics .
Choline is an essential nutrient that you get in your diet already , particularly from eggs , fish and chicken .
Your body uses it in at least two places : cell membranes and the neurotransmitter acetylcholine .
The first role has been found important for pregnant and post menopausal women , since pregnancy and low estrogen levels can drain the body 's choline reserves .
Its second role in neurotransmitters is what makes it a possible nootropic , since a 1975 study found that increased choline intake resulted in higher levels of acetylcholine in the brain , and acetylcholine is believed to be involved in the formation of memories .
Cholinergics cover a wider range of supplements that either act as a precursor to acetylcholine ( an ingredient chemical needed to synthesize the neurotransmitter ) , or that modify the way your nervous system interacts with it .
For example , an Acetylcholinesterase Inhibitor .
Let 's break down that mouthful of words :
Acetylcholine is a neurotransmitter , it bridges the gap between synapses when they 're ready to " fire " Acetylcholinesterase is an enzyme that " cleans up " acetylcholine , removing it from the synapse to reset it .
Ie : it 's anti-acetylcholine .
An acetylcholinesterase inhibitor is a chemical that interferes with acetylcholinesterase , preventing it from cleaning up the synapse .
Ie : it 's anti-anti - acetycholine Rosemary , sage and marijuana are acetylcholinesterase inhibitors .
For that matter , so is nerve gas and some types of snake venom .
Mild inhibitors such as Huperzine A are being used to treat Alzheimer 's disease , as it's suspected that the inhibition of the neurotransmitter stimulates nerve growth - - a little bit like how you need to tear down muscle with exercize in order to make the body grow it back stronger .
Choline and the Racetams Some users of the racetam family of drugs experience headaches that can be relieved by taking a choline supplement , and there is also subjective reports that it potentiates racetams ( makes them more effective ) .
Fish odor syndrome
If you chose to supplement with choline , do n't take too much of it or you 'll soon have an embarrassing body - odor problem .
Choline is also a precursor to trimethylamine , the chemical produced by decomposing fish that give them their distinctive smell .
Your body has the ability to break - down trimethylamine when you consume choline in normal quantities , but overdosing on choline can overwhelm this process .
Will I feel anything ?
No , although choline can eliminate headaches caused by other nootropics such as piracetam .
Where to get it Choline is naturally found at high concentrations in eggs .
It 's also found in an emulsifier called lecithin , which can be derived from either soy or eggs .
Many processed foods use lecithin to prevent the oils in emulsions like chocolate and peanut butter from separating .
Another popular form of choline is Choline Bitartrate , which is cheap , or CDP Choline , which is more expensive but better quality .
Any GNC or Vitamin World store
Amazon.com
Smart Powders
When and how often
No more than 500 milligrams , taken as either a daily supplement ( watch out for fishy - BO ) , or at the same time as your first dose of Piracetam .
Creatine Quackery Ginko Biloba
Is bunk .
It 's still marketed as a memory enhancing herbal supplement , but its banner test case -- Alzheimer 's -- turned up squat .
Other findings conducted on healthy adults and published in JAMA also concluded that the supplement has no effect on long - term memory .
An IQ booster .
Creatine is already very popular with bodybuilders , and this makes it extremely easy and cheap to obtain .
There are dozens of manufacturers and it's sold everywhere that dietary supplements are .
It occurs naturally in your body and improves the supply of energy to your muscles .
It has been found safe in doses of up to 20 grams per day , but there are known problems in those with kidney and liver disease , as well as those with diabetes or hypoglycemia .
Add to that its tendency to increase the production of formaldehyde with long - term use .
Its popularity with bodybuilders comes from giving them the ability to do more in a workout , leading to an increase of muscle tissue .
fluid intelligence , which is the ability to find meaning in confusion , draw inferences , make symbolic connections , and solve problems .
This is compared to crystalized intelligence , such as when you learn how to add , or tie your shoelaces .
These studies were performed on vegetarians in order to isolate the effects of the supplement with natural creatine in meat .
Its nootropic effects come from its effect on the production of Adinosine Triphosphate -- the chemical energy that drives cellular activity .
This makes it a type of stimulant , and in studies it was found to improve results in tests of , which is the ability to find meaning in confusion , draw inferences , make symbolic connections , and solve problems .
This is compared to , such as when you learn how to add , or tie your shoelaces .
These studies were performed on vegetarians in order to isolate the effects of the supplement with natural creatine in meat .
Creatine supplements come in two chemical forms : Creatine monophosphate and Creatine ethyl ester .
The latter , CEE , is supposed to have higher absorption rates and half - life , but there have n't been any studies that bear this as true .
In fact , the addition of the ethyl group appears to hasten its breakdown and instability , meaning that you 're better off with the monophosphate variety .
Will I feel anything ?
You may notice that you have more energy when you exercise 30 minutes after taking a dose of creatine .
If you 're taking creating for nootropic effect , you should combine it with exercise such as walking or running in order to experience the stimulant effect .
Where to get it Any GNC or Vitamin World store
Amazon.com
BodyBuilding.com
Smart Powders
When and how often Creatine is a supplement that can be taken daily .
Take two 750 mg capsules two to three times per day .
Sulbutiamine
Is a stimulant as well as a memory enhancer .
It 's a chemical variant of vitamin B1 , and the crucial difference is that it can cross the blood - brain barrier better than conventional B1 ( thiamine ) .
The B - family of vitamins tend to be stimulants because of their role in the metabolism of stored energy , and the more sensitive you are to stimulants such as caffeine , the more sensitive you 're likely to be to the B vitamins , including Sulbutiamine .
It 's sold over - the - counter in powder form .
It 's better to get it in pill form , if you can , for it has a bitter taste and is hard to mix with drinks without making them taste nasty .
Note :
The nutritional supplement company Fast 400 has been selling Sulbutiamine as Sublutiamine , apparently a typo that they have n't fixed .
It is the same substance , however .
Will I feel anything ?
You might feel more energetic , especially if you combine it with light exercise .
If you take a dose higher than 500 mg you may experience nausea or upset stomach .
Where to get it I 've noticed an increasing trend to pull pure Sulbutiamine off the market and retail it as a cocktail instead .
The following are where I 've purchased pure Sulbutiamine in the past , and Your Results May Vary .
Amazon .Com
Bodybuilding.com
( now only seems to be available in " energy pill " cocktails )
Smart Powders
When and how often
As needed for a stimulant .
Centrophenoxine ( Meclofenoxate )
A memory enhancer first used to treat Alzheimer 's disease and senile dementia in the elderly .
There 's been a rush to raid the Alzheimer medicine cabinet , lately , in the hopes that what will make the senile keep their memory will make the healthy get even smarter , Centrophenoxine is the poster child of this movement .
The chemical itself is a compound made from one naturally occurring substance -- dimethylaminoethanol ( DMAE ) -- and one synthetic , which is parachlorophenoxyacetate ( pCPA ) .
Exactly how it improves memory is n't known , but there are two leads : 1 ) it 's a precursor to the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and may increase levels of it in the brain , and 2 ) it removes lipofuscin deposits in the brain and skin .
Lipofuscin on the skin lead to " liver spots " , while its build - up in the brain is suspected to be behind the " plaques " that are observed in brain tissue samples taken from Alzheimer 's patients .
The theory for Alzheimers is that the lipofuscin clogs ion channels on the surface of nerve cells , preventing the movement of potassium through these channels and degrading memory and cognition in the process .
Centrophenoxine gave the author mild nausea when it was taken on an empty stomach , but not when taken with food .
Avoid it completely if you suffer from high blood pressure or epilepsy .
It 's available over - the - counter from nutritional stores , but usually only those on the Internet .
Like with the racetams and Sulbutiamine , I have not seen it in main - street nutrition stores .
Will I feel anything ?
Nope .
Where to get it Bodybuilding .com ( best value , when they have it in stock )
Biogenesis Antiaging
When and how often Centrophenoxine 's benefit comes from preventative maintenance .
Take 250 to 500 mg per day in the morning with breakfast .
Modafinil ( Provigil / Alertec / Modalert )
Now we 're cooking with gas .
Modafinil was first prescribed to narcoleptics to help them stay awake during the day , and then used by the Navy and Air Force to help pilots stay alert on long missions .
Modafinil keeps you awake and alert , has an effectiveness that spans up to 8 hours , NZT - 48 from the movie .
Modafinil was first prescribed to narcoleptics to help them stay awake during the day , and then used by the Navy and Air Force to help pilots stay alert on long missions .
Modafinil keeps you awake and alert , has an effectiveness that spans up to 8 hours , increases the capacity of your working memory , and is the closest thing you can get to the fictionalfrom the movie Limitless .
It remains prescription - only in the United States , and any US resident would need to either obtain a prescription from a doctor , or purchase it from a foreign supplier .
Modafinil increases the level of dopamine in the brain , and is therefore potentially addictive .
I will go out on a limb to say I 've not developed an addiction to it , in spite of taking it frequently , but this is only my experience .
Do not take Modafinil if you have cirrhosis of the liver or heart disease , and do not mix it with alcohol .
Because this list is given in order of increasing risk , I 'll point out that Modafinil is our turning point between unregulated " nutritional supplements " and drugs that are powerful enough to stay behind the counter .
From Modafinil and onwards in this list , you will not want to take these if you are pregnant , breastfeeding , or have not received a physical exam from a doctor in the past year .
As yet , few side effects are known that would threaten your health .
But since 1998 , the FDA has seen several cases of dermatologic ( skin ) reactions to Modafinil , some severe enough to require hospitalization .
I have only experienced mild headaches and stomach discomfort , however .
Modafinil is broken down by the liver enzyme CYP 3A4 , and 3A4 itself is inhibited by the naturally occurring chemicals found in grapefruit juice .
Doctors who prescribe Modafinil therefore warn their patients against drinking grapefruit juice while they 're on the medication ( and as it happens , many other drugs are broken down by 3A4 and are similarly affected ) .
Given that Modafinil has low overdose potential , the author tried deliberately taking it with grapefruit juice but did not perceive a change in effect .
Modafinil can promote wakefulness without the jitters of caffeine , and under the right conditions can let you stay awake for 48 - hours without feeling excessively sleepy .
But taking it does n't mean you 'll suddenly be fatigue - free and spend the next two days wide awake ; Modafinil - - used as a nootropic -- helps those who already have a good sleep pattern .
The author was not able to dispatch sleep by popping a few pills , but he was able to perform and concentrate superbly under its influence for hours at a time .
Take about 100 mg for every 100 lbs of body weight , anything less and you wo n't feel much of a difference .
If you take the right dose then in about an hour you 'll start to feel a subtle buzz , like someone swapped the battery in your brain with one that has a higher voltage .
Take the first dose in the morning , and -- if necessary - - a second dose in the afternoon .
While some have used it to pull all - nighters , you can't use it to eliminate sleep -- there 's no drug which can do that .
Nor should you take it every day for nootropic use , because your body will adjust and require higher doses to get the same effect .
My practice is to use it no more than once a week on a day that I 've set aside for an important project .
If you want to take it for nootropic effect then do n't take it when you feel tired , because while it will lift you out of your stupor it will just be an expensive way to get the same effect as a nap and a cup of coffee .
Modafinil is far and away the superior alertness drug , but it is expensive .
A 30x100 mg package of Progivil will cost around US $ 175 , while the licensed brand Alertec is at least $ 140 .
The author has recently tried a cheaper generic brand called Modalert with excellent results , at $ 130 for 80 x 200 mg .
This brand is manufactured in India and it does not use the exact same formulation as Provigil - - a difference that affects the rate at which it 's absorbed into the bloodstream .
As such , slightly higher doses are required for the same effect .
Beware of firms that advertise prices significantly lower than the above , because you will probably not get the real thing .
Since Modafinil is in extremely high demand , with would - be - superheroes willing to get it from almost anywhere , there are a lot of scam operations in business trying to take your money and sell you sugar .
The author has purchased from the sources listed below and can vouch for them .
Domestic generic modafinil should become available in 2012 , but this is only after generic drug makers contested Cephalon 's patents that cover both modafinil itself and its formulation as a drug .
It may not go truly generic until 2015 .
Adrafinil ( Olmifon ) and other formulations Adrafinil is Modafinil lite , but specifically a prodrug that your body will metabolize into Modafinil in vivo .
It 's both cheaper than Modafinil and unregulated in the United States , but you have to take a much larger dosage to get the same effect .
Being unregulated does n't mean it 's available over - the - counter at your local drugstore , though ; you 'll still need to order it over the Internet .
Adrafinil is also harder on your liver than Modafinil is , since your liver has to convert it into Modafinil before it can have an effect .
In my experience , Adrafinil is disappointing : you can take a huge dose , feel little effect , and wonder if your eyes are going to turn yellow as a consequence .
Cephalon has also introduced a similar drug called Nuvigil ( Armodafinil ) , which is the right - hand enantiomer of Modafinil - - another way of saying it 's Modafinil 's sister , or what you get when the molecule is flipped back - to - front like a mirror image .
Many drugs fit into this class called stereoisomers , where the drug molecule comes in " left hand " and " right hand " shapes .
Sometimes the two enantiomers have the same physiological effect in the body , and when the patent is due to expire on the " left hand " version the Pharmacy company patents and begins selling the right - hand version .
The popular heartburn medicine Prilosec ( Omeprazole ) , for example , has an identically functioning twin sister called Nexium ( Esomeprazole ) , but while you can now get generic Omeprazole OTC , Nexium is still a patented drug sold by prescription .
And this is what Armodafinil is .
So far it seems to have the same effect as Modafinil , but the looming 2012 availability of generic Modafinil has spurred Cephalon to market Armodafinil ( Nuvigil ) as a " better " version for a broader range of ailments ( including bipolar disorder and schizophrenia ) .
Will I feel anything ?
Yes , you will .
Oh boy will you notice it .
First time users will feel significantly more alert , like " my mind is a laser beam " alert .
Some notice its effect in retrospect , after they realize they 've just consumed a few books and papers in one afternoon .
About 2 - 3 hours after taking a dose of Modafinil you will also notice a change in the odor of your urine -- somewhat like the odor after eating asparagus .
This is normal and caused by the sulphur metabolites of the drug when your body breaks it down .
However , if you take it too frequently ( every day ) , then the effect will diminish until you do n't notice or benefit from it anymore .
Where to get it Your doctor , by prescription .
It 's prescribed for Shift - Work Sleep Disorder , so you may qualify if you work nights .
MyModafinilDR.com - Probably the best place to obtain Modafinil without a prescription .
The company is based in the US , but the product ships from Mumbai , India .
The brand they carry is ModAlert , which is significantly cheaper than Alertec or Provigil .
I received my order from this company 7 days after placing it and the product appears to be genuine .
MyModafinil claim that they will re-ship any order that gets confiscated by Customs .
Biogenesis Antiaging - A South - African company that sells Provigil and Alertect brands without a prescription and will ship to the US , although it 'll take a couple of weeks .
So far , none of my shipments ( 4 and counting ) have been stopped at the border , but Biogenesis claims that they will reship it at least once if it gets confiscated .
When and how often
Not more than twice a week in doses of 200 mg or less .
I have tried taking big doses ( 400 mg at once , and 200 mg in the morning followed by 200 mg at noon ) without any substantial effect .
If you want to march for 48 hours then you need to take a bodyweight - appropriate dosage every 18 hours .
Moda is for when you need it .
It 's not a supplement .
Your body will get used to it and then the next " wake - me - up " dosage will just cost you more .
Nicotine Windows and Linux were written by geeks chugging Pepsi and Mountain Dew , but the Saturn V and the Lunar Lander were designed by engineers puffing on cigarettes .
Nicotine is a stimulant that can increase concentration .
To insects it 's a poison ( the tobacco plant produced it because it killed herbivorous bugs ) .
It can be absorbed through the lungs by smoking tobacco or it can be absorbed through the skin by chewing nicotine gum ( most of the nicotine is absorbed through the cheeks and tongue , just as with chewing tobacco ) or by wearing a nicotine patch .
The effects of smoking on your health are well discussed outside of this article , so I 'll focus on its mental effects : Nicotine can cross the blood - brain barrier very easily -- about seven seconds from the first puff -- and binds to nicotinic acetylcholine receptors on nerve cells .
One consequence of this is the increase of dopamine in the brain that brings about a sensation called a " buzz " .
It induces the liver into releasing glucose , providing a sense of increased energy , and it stimulates the adrenal gland into producing epinephrine ( adrenaline ) .
Then there is the major metabolite of nicotine called cotinine , which is being investigated under the speculation that it has an effect on cognition , too .
Acetylcholine is the neurotransmitter that activates skeletal muscle cells , making them flex .
But because of a single amino - acid difference between brain - cell acetylcholine receptors and muscle - cell receptors , nicotine will activate brain cells without activating muscle cells .
That 's a difference between life and death , for if it did activate muscle - cell acetylcholine receptors then nicotine would kill with a mechanism similar to the way nerve gas works .
Now you know how tobacco plants deploy their own insecticide : insects do n't have this difference , and the nicotine in tobacco plants kills them .
With cigarettes you 'll have a choice of regular or mentholated .
The addition of menthol increases the half - life of nicotine in the bloodstream because it inhibits the oxidization and glucose breakdown of the drug by the enzyme CYP 2B6 , similar to the way the components of grapefruit juice inhibit CYP 3A4 and extend the half - life of modafinil .
Besides cigarettes there are now chewing gums , patches , and battery - powered false cigarettes that deliver nicotine via steam , but these are not like a " Get Out Of Cancer Free " card .
My experience with cigarettes is that they do not contribute much towards mental powers , not enough to justify their use .
I entertained the thought that the " buzz " could be beneficial for rare - - once - a - year problems that require intense concentration to crack -- but there does n't seem to be any advantage over a good night 's sleep followed by a fresh cup of coffee .
Will I feel anything ?
Yes , nicotine will give you a noticeable buzz and this is the primary reason for smoking cigarettes .
This buzz will wane if you become a regular user , until you do n't experience it anymore .
Where to get it Tobacconists , drugstores , supermarkets
Nicorette Gum at Amazon.com , for those who are quitting cigarettes
When and how often
In general " never " is how often because of its addictiveness , additives , and nature as a carcinogen .
Outside of that , nicotine 's value as a stimulant appears to work best when you are working on a difficult problem that matters .
This is strictly Your Judgement , Your Risk .
Desmopressin Other Cognitive Enhancers
These drugs can also function as cognitive boosters , but have not been tried by the author .
Adderall and Ritalin Both are amphetamine stimulants -- and Schedule II controlled drugs -- that are prescribed for Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder ( ADHD ) in children and adults .
It also has extensive use off - label as " focus in a pill " , the " study drug " , or a drug that makes it easier to concentrate and stay awake .
For nootropic use by students looking to ace their exams , it should be taken 30 minutes before a study session , and the study session should replicate the kind of environment they expect to be in when they take their exam .
IE : At the same time of day , similar lighting conditions , sitting with the same posture , and with no distractions .
On the day of the exam the student would need to take another dose of Adderall 30 minutes before the exam starts in order to settle into the same mood and state of attention they were in when studying .
It 's the matching of mood and environment that makes it easier to recall the material .
Addrall , being a stimulant , can cause heart attacks in people with a history of heart disease and seizures in people who have a history of seizures -- sufficient that one should think twice about taking it recreationally , even if you do n't think you have a medical problem .
There are also a large number of adverse drug interactions with Adderall , particularly antidepressants .
If that was n't enough , some of the effects of long - term use of Adderall are coming to bear .
Scientific American has published an article citing evidence of cognitive decline .
H eavy users of the stimulant who suddenly discontinue taking it will also find themselves " falling off a cliff " into extreme fatigue and depression .
This turns on the tape - recorder in your brain .
It 's also the most dangerous nootropic in the list because it interferes with homeostasis .
Desmopressin is a synthetic analogue to the natural hormone vasopressin , which not only acts as a vasoconstrictor ( shrinking the diameter of blood vessels ) but also affects the hypothalamus and vastly improves memory formation .
For nootropic use you need the nasal spray as to absorb the drug through the nasal membrane closest to the brain .
Its effect is almost instantaneous and its users tend to take it immediately before lectures , conferences , and study periods .
The effect can last for several hours and tends to leave one with a stronger recollection of the material studied while under its influence .
Do not take Desmopressin if you have high blood pressure .
You may recall at the beginning of this article that I said these drugs would be listed in order of increasing risk .
We 're now at the end of the list and -- if you pardon my language -- you do not want to fuck with Desmo .
I even placed it after smoking since it can kill you much faster and with fewer doses .
Here 's the deal : A vasoconstrictor will increase your blood pressure
It will make your kidneys retain water , so another effect of Desmopressin is to reduce urine production ( Desmopressin is commonly prescribed to prevent bedwetting )
( Desmopressin is commonly prescribed to prevent bedwetting )
Part of your body 's homeostasis mechanism is to regulate blood water content by removing it -- via the kidneys -- into the bladder
Having too much water in your bloodstream can lead to electrolyte imbalance , and in severe cases this is called hyponatremia , or " water poisoning "
Hyponatremia is difficult to treat .
If your doctors cannot control the rebalancing of your electrolytes , you may experience central pontine myelinolysis -- nerve damage to the central pons area of the brain stem , which regulates autonomic functions such as breathing .
Heart failure is also possible .
Use Desmopressin irresponsibly and you 'll enjoy the rest of your life in an iron lung , unless you die before they can hook you up to one .
If you remember the " Hold your wee for a Wii " contest held by a radio station , where a woman held her bladder for so long she died , know that she died of hyponatremia -- the same malady that can be caused by the wrongful use of this drug .
If you were to take Desmopressin then you must avoid heavy exercise and the excessive consumption of liquids for at least 6 hours afterwards .
Do not drink sport drinks such as Gatorade or Powerade .
Drink only when thirsty and only until you 're no longer thirsty .
Desmopressin costs about $ 25 for a nasal spray bottle containing enough liquid for 6 - 7 doses , and is available over the Internet without a prescription from suppliers such as Biogenesis Antiaging .
For nootropic use , hold your breath while you administer about 2 squirts per nostril , then breathe in through your nose .
You may experience a runny nose and sneezing , but this is normal and will go away .
The author has also experienced a mild buzz immediately after use that diminished after a few minutes .
Desmopressin should not be used more than once a week .
It is n't a supplement and it wo n't make you smarter .
It 's what you would take before you have to study and memorize material that does n't lend itself to memorization easily , such as a lecture .
In many ways , this drug is the opposite of alcohol .
Booze makes you pee and forget things , while Desmopressin restricts urine production and makes you remember everything , and the mechanisms for each are strikingly similar .
Alcohol is a vasodilator : it makes your blood vessels expand and encourages the kidneys to remove more water from your blood .
But you would be a fool -- perhaps a dead fool -- if you were to mix the both in hopes to get the fuzz of alcohol without the side - effects .
Will I feel anything ?
Unlikely , its effect is on learning and memory retention .
However , if you took it and then guzzled lots of sports drinks then you 'll soon experience headache , nausea , confusion , lethargy and other symptoms .
If you experience any of those symptoms then call an ambulance and hope they know how to treat water poisoning .
Where to get it Biogenesis Antiaging When and how often Immediately before studying or attending a lecture .
Never more than once a week .
Never before heavy exercise .
Never before drinking alcohol or lots of fluids .
This is not a nutritional supplement , it is a drug and it 's dangerous .
Are these " Brains in a pill " ?
None of these drugs , nor any other kind of drug , can make you smart on their own .
They are just like the protein supplements and amino acids sold to bodybuilders : they can't make you strong , only exercise can do that , but the idea is that the right nutrition combined with the right exercise will make you stronger than the exercise alone .
Taking these drugs and then vegging - out in front of TV will only turn you into a dope who knows a lot about TV .
They will only work to make you smarter , or remember more material , or hold your focus longer if you combine them with study and mental exercise .
Stacks " Stacks " are a combination of supplements and nootropic substances that " body hackers " take on a daily basis in the hope that they will improve cognitive ability in the long run .
The ideal stack will cover these bases : Basic body nutrition : protein , vitamins , essential amino acids , water and minerals .
A supermarket - grade multivitamin pill combined with a sensible diet of fresh vegetables , fruits and white meats work fine .
Expensive designer mixes are a waste of money Mood And Motivation : A subjective area , but all the nootropics in the world wo n't help you if you slump around the house , moody and depressed , and never act on your inspirations .
Theanine and Omega Fatty Acids ( found in fish , olive oil and nuts ) may help .
You can get your Theanine from a cup of tea , then consider a Triple Omega supplement such as Nature Made .
In addition , buy olive oil in bulk and use it instead of cheaper alternatives such as Canola or Sunflower oil Damage prevention :
You are aging , and your body has a date with the grave .
As you get older your brain will physically trade flexibility for wisdom , assuming you 've had the sense to keep learning .
But the afflictions of old age can start early , and some of them are chemical in nature , and some of those can be prevented or postponed with chemicals , too .
Alzheimer 's disease can strike as early as your 30s .
Consider Centrophenoxine and DMAE and cross your fingers Damage repair :
What 's life without a night of friends and booze ?
Or maybe you live next to a coal power plant .
Or maybe you 're fond of junk food .
A normal human life will expose you to things that damage and kill brain cells , but the good news is that neurogenesis continues well into your adult years .
Encourage it with Thiamine and Sulbutiamine A " stack " should be restricted to what 's sensible to take on a daily basis , no matter what you plan to do each day .
Never add stimulants and memory enhancers to a daily stack : your body will acclimatize to them too quickly so that their effect drops to zero .
Adding caffeine , racetams and modafinil to a daily stack will erase their effectiveness after only a few days , making every pill after that a waste of money .
Only take those substances on special occasions .
The responsible use of " smart drugs " Sport drinks , dietary supplements and amino acids are safe and acceptable chemicals used by athletes and fitness enthusiasts every day with no ill effects or moral hazard .
They improve health and physique , if simply because humans are animals of a chemical origin with chemistry at the heart of our basic functions .
In the above I 've covered everything that I 've personally used myself , and all but cigarettes and Desmo should be considered on the same level as what you 'll find in a GNC or Vitamin World store on any street in America .
Some substances that are otherwise safe are banned in sports competition because they confer an unfair advantage .
Modafinil happens to be one of them because it can improve endurance .
In competition we certainly should ban these substances if the point is to discover the natural excellence of man .
But nootropics are different .
If you are dying of a disease and the cure was invented by a doctor under the influence of any of the above substances , then it would be quite absurd to bring up fairness of competition .
Life is n't a competition , and it is n't a zero -sum game .
After much debate and fanfare , Google has bent to the will of Media Moguls agreeing to limit content to paid media sites .
It is hard to argue Google ’s logic but there is a definite flaw in the resolution .
Under the First Click Free programme , publishers can now prevent unrestricted access to subscription websites .
Users who click on more than five articles in a day may be routed to payment or registration pages .
Source : news.bbc.co.uk
If the media site in question does n’t want to be viewed by Google ’s crawler , they can simply have it be removed by their robots .
txt file , no ?
Why are they making this so complicated ?
Rupert Murdoch of Newscorp was first to point out that links through Google are not generating any revenue , so why not block all of them ?
Maybe Rupert Murdoch ’s claim that Google ’s click thorough are worthless was a bit overstated .
It seems that they want people to visit their sites via Google , they just do n’t want people going around their subscription via Google .
That makes sense .
Personally , I would have taken a different approach , I would have simply monitored traffic and made the changes on my local server to block users after a set limit .
Having Google do it just gives
Google more control on traffic , something that it seems they are trying to avoid .
This change also does n’t eliminate other news aggregators , assuming of course that they are n’t being blocked by the media outlet .
While Google will be able to control the traffic flowing to the media outlet , they will still need to deal with various other aggregators .
In the end , the real problem that printed Mainstream Media is facing is revenue .
Advertising revenue is n’t bringing in as much money as had been originally anticipated , and few are willing to buy printed newspapers anymore .
This is leading many mainstream media outlets to resort to paid content .
However , this may in fact backfire over the long run .
As more and more media sources arise , people can get their news from free places , avoiding pay services altogether .
It will be interesting to see how this all plays out .
Acid sketching
I ’ve been thinking about visual languages and the morphology of symbols ( as opposed to words ) for a while .
I had the opportunity to start putting some of these ideas into code at a really excellent openframeworks workshop this week , run by Joel Gethin Lewis and Arturo Castro .
Here ’s what it does :
Makes the point nicely that symbols and spaces can intertwine .
Using opencv blob detection , the regularity , direction and area of the shapes map to envelope modulation , resonance and pitch .
The drawing is then sequenced into a melody using the minimum spanning tree ( from the boost library ) of the shape centroids , where distance maps to inter - onset interval .
It also has a mode for projecting the red circles and highlights back on the drawing surface which worked well .
This is only the second thing I ’ve made with openframeworks , and while I do n’t really get on with the codeblocks editor recommended for linux , I ’m impressed with how accessible it makes opencv and all that .
Update : open frameworks sourcecode
Another update ( 1st August 2013 ) : I ported this to Python , get the source here
Across the land , grindstones sing as axes are sharpened for the RINOs .
For years , conservatives have railed against these moderate " Republicans in Name Only , " launching primary campaigns against them , pouring money into their opponents ' campaign funds , and excluding them from committee chairmanships .
But since 2006 the party 's pulse has weakened , and the GOP 's leaders have decided that nothing is more healthful in such a situation than hacking off a limb or two .
That , evidently , is the thinking behind the 10 - point test for ...
Gwilliam Ivary Chiosso Cavalli & Brewer has been a champion of consumer rights throughout Northern California and beyond for over 40 years .
An important part of this practice concerns the representation of people who have been denied policy benefits on a legitimate insurance claim under their auto , homeowners or disability policies .
Insurance companies unconsciously accept high policyholder premiums year after year , only to cry foul when the policyholder tries to obtain benefits .
Our experienced attorneys have taken a variety of insurance claim denial and bad faith cases on behalf of individuals , and have also represented groups of policyholders in larger , consolidated actions .
In either case , our lawyers understand how insurance companies operate and have proven their ability to take these companies on and obtain just compensation for their clients .
California Legal Representation For Those Who Have Been Denied Policy Benefits On A Legitimate Insurance Claim
Our practice includes denied insurance claim benefits related to homeowner policies , disability policies , life insurance policies , and underinsured and uninsured motorist coverage on automobile policies .
Typically , these will involve a failure to investigate claims , failure to pay policy benefits , failure to investigate or pay benefits in a timely manner , failure to pay the full value of a claim or failure to settle or defend .
Over time , our practice has evolved to where we only take on those cases we strongly believe in .
Rest assured , if we accept your case and you decide to hire us , we will spare no effort or resource in pursuing just compensation where benefits have been wrongly denied or delayed .
Contact Us Today For A Free Legal Consultation
All calls and e-mail messages to our office are tracked , reviewed by an attorney and responded to as promptly as possible .
Call us at 510- 832-5411 or e-mail us today .
Notes on the Moral and Political Degradation of America
The news in the last few days has continued the drumbeat of demoralizing events which started in the Bush administration , and with only a few hiccups has continued through the Obama administration .
It is clear that Obama is , fundamentally , Bush ’s 3rd term .
First we have the health care “ reform ” debacle , where it has been confirmed that the White House pushed Harry Reid to accept Lieberman ’s ultimatum , not go to reconciliation .
There will be no public option in the Senate bill .
There will be no Medicare expansion .
There will be no cap on yearly limits .
What there will be is a mandate forcing people to buy insurance , some subsidies which can still leave people spending money they can’t afford , and guaranteed issue of lousy plans ( Plans where only 70 % of the premiums have to be spent on care , for example . )
Unless progressive Senators are willing to filibuster , or House progressives are willing to vote against en masse , something very close to the Senate plan is what will pass , because as I noted some time ago , the White House ’s bottom line is that something , anything must pass , and conservative Dems are willing to kill the bill to make sure it does n’t actually threaten health industry profits in any way , shape , or form .
( Thus why drug importation , which would cost Pharma money , will be made illegal . )
All of this was completely predictable , .
Furthermore the weakness of progressive and liberal legislators , is largely to blame :
Obama and the Democratic leadership ’s bottom line is they must pass some bill called “ health care reform ” .
Unless you threaten to take away their bottom line , they will take away anything that is n’t progressives bottom line
This is negotiation 101 , and progressive legislators either do n’t understand it , or are spineless .
As a result they , and Americans , have been rolled yet again .
What is depressing about this is that it should be a surprise to no one , but apparently has surprised many .
It is also noteworthy that spending billions on turning brown people into a fine red mist ( aka. the Afghan war ) is acceptable , but health care ( aka. saving actual American lives ) is something which ca n’t cost money .
What an interesting , and clearly evil , set of priorities that reveals .
I guarantee that real healthcare reform would save more American lives than the entire war on terror — assuming said “ war ” has n’t cost more American lives than it ’s saved , which is almost certainly the case .
Next we have what Glenn Greenwald is calling the creation of Gitmo North , in which people whom the government judges there is not enough evidence to convict , will be held indefinitely without trial .
This is the very definition of tyranny .
Any nation which does this is a nation of men , not laws .
America has forsaken its fundamental premise and proved its degradation .
Yes , this started under Bush , but as Obama embraces this it became a bipartisan project and the new elite consensus .
This is now something which has been confirmed as US policy which is extremely unlikely to change no matter who is in power .
Next we have bankers are giving themselves bonuses larger than the entire economy ’s GDP growth this year .
As Peter Morici notes :
How much is $ 140 billion ?
The U.S. economy grew at a $ 89 billion annualized rate in the third quarter .
That was the first growth since the second quarter of 2008 and came to $ 22 billion in actual growth in the third quarter .
The bankers , after causing the greatest economic calamity since the Great Depression , are rewarded with six times the growth accomplished so far in the much heralded “ economic recovery . ”
Meanwhile , seven million families face foreclosure and 25 million Americans can’t find full time work .
To add this sad state , we have the sad spectacle of Obama lecturing the bankers .
Meanwhile in Britain , instead of lecturing , the government has imposed a 50 % tax on bonuses , and France looks like to follow suite .
The British government ’s response to threats to move employees out of the country “ that ’s nice , you do that . ”
The fact of the matter , as I ’ve long said , is that bankers at the big banks are a net drain on the economy .
Their venality and recklessness has wiped out the entire economic gains of the last decade and plunged the economy into its worst crisis since the Great Depression .
Now I ’m not surprised they have the gall to pay themselves these bonuses .
The entire profits of most large banks in the last expansion were based on open fraud .
Of course criminals who have not been punished , but have been rewarded for their crimes are going to continue to steal .
What is shocking is that the government is essentially doing nothing .
Obama ’s pay czar is a sick joke , especially compared to just taxing all bonuses at 50 % .
Heck , even taxing bonuses at 50 % is sad — they should be taxed a good confiscatory 90 % .
A class of people who caused an economic calamity of this magnitude do not deserve to be paid more than janitors .
Why ?
Because , as a British study noted , Janitors actually create value .
So do homemakers .
So do assembly - line workers .
Modern bankers , on the other hand , destroy value .
They make the economy weaker .
That is n’t the way it should be , but when you bail out the banks for trillions and they decrease their lending to businesses and increase their credit card interest rates to as much as 29 % it ’s clear that all they are is parasites , sucking blood from their hosts .
In a healthy , non-degraded society , none of the behavior listed above would be allowed .
Not only would there be confiscatory taxes leveled , there would be massive ongoing criminal investigations into what happened .
In a healthy , non-degraded society , saving American lives by making sure they have health care would be a priority .
Especially since the US pays twice as much per person as many countries which get far better results .
This would be considered much more important than a war in a far away country , because it would be understood that even if you believe that turning brown people into a fine red mist saves American lives , health care would save more lives .
And , done right ( aka. single payer ) it would even save money .
But that was never on the table , and even the limp - wristed compromise of a weak public option was too much for the rich and powerful to tolerate .
Americans exist to be looted systematically by their elites , and if they die young and live sick , who cares .
They are just sacks of money and the goal of government is to make dipping your hand into that sack as easy as possible for industries which can afford to buy government .
And , last but not least , in a healthy , non-degraded society , the government is not allowed to lock up people indefinitely without trial .
If you do n’t understand why this is , I ca n’t explain it to you , any more than it is apparently possible to explain to a plurality of Americans why torturing people is evil , and beyond the pale .
The fact that it ca n’t be explained any more to many Americans , of course , is exactly why it is fair to call this degradation .
Moral and political degradation .
A $ 16,000 reward is on offer for information leading to an arrest
The FBI is hunting an elderly man who is said to have robbed five banks in California in the last three months .
The man - in his seventies - has been dubbed the Geezer Bandit .
In the US a geezer is a word for an eccentric old man : in a previous heist he was reportedly seen wearing tubes connected to an oxygen cylinder .
His latest raid took place in the wealthy La Jolla neighbourhood in San Diego , where he brandished a gun to demand cash before escaping on foot .
Officials are offering three separate rewards totalling $ 16,000 ( £ 9,559 ) for information leading to his arrest and conviction .
Authorities describe him as a white man in his seventies , with a thin build , grey hair and an unshaven face .
Surveillance camera footage showed him wearing a baseball cap , blue blazer and several layers of clothing .
Law enforcement officials say he should be considered armed and dangerous .
A 20 - year - old Muslim woman has died in an Arizona hospital , nearly two weeks after her father ran her over with his Jeep Grand Cherokee because she had become “ too Westernized . ”
Noor Faleh Almaleki , originally from Iraq , died this week of injuries suffered when she was run over October 20 in a parking lot in the Phoenix suburb of Peoria , Arizona .
According to this report , authorities said they expect to change the aggravated assault charge against her father , Faleh Hassan Almaleki , 48 , to more severe counts after meetings with prosecutors .
Peoria police said Faleh Hassan Almaleki believed his daughter had become “ too Westernized ” and had abandoned “ traditional ” Iraqi values .
Peoria police spokesman Mike Tellef told CNN the family moved to the Phoenix area in the mid-1990s , and Almaleki was unhappy with his daughter ’s style of dress and her resistance to his rules .
After the incident , Almaleki ’s father drove to Mexico , abandoning his vehicle in Nogales , Peoria police said .
He then made his way to Mexico City and boarded a plane to Britain , where authorities denied him entry into the country and put him on a plane back to the United States .
A friend of the dead woman , Amal Edan Khalaf , 43 , also suffered serious injuries in the attack , police said .
Almaleki faces a separate aggravated assault charge in connection with her injuries .
According to this report , Noor had been living with Khalaf and Khalaf ’s son after backing out of an arranged marriage about a year ago .
The father is currently held in Phoenix , with bail has been set at $ 5 million .
El jefe de gobierno , Marcelo Ebrard , le propuso a Rafael Acosta entregarle la direcci�n del Instituto del Deporte a cambio de dejar a Clara Brugada como delegada de Iztapalapa
Juanito tom� la delegaci�n como un ladr�n : Brugada .
Clara Brugada señaló que la toma de la delegación ayer por la noche fue un chantaje de una persona afectada de sus facultades mentales y que sigue intereses oscuros
SEGUIR�N VI�NDOSE .
Clara Brugada y Juanito tendr�n una reuni�n con Marcelo Ebrard para definir el futuro de la delegaci�n .
( Foto : Archivo El Universal )
Ciudad de M�xico | Domingo 29 de noviembre de 2009
M�nica Archundia | El Universal
10:22
In a short film by Medical Aid for Palestinians , Wafa al - Radia tells how she and her sister were attacked by an Israeli drone last year during the Gaza conflict
En réservant un voyage chez une agence de séjours linguistiques , on peut bénéficier de voyages tout compris et clé en main .
Cette solution est la manière la plus naturelle pour parcourir le pays de ses rêves .
Alliant perfectionnement linguistique et découvertes culturelles , un séjour linguistique en Australie s’impose comme une manière enrichissante et ludique de découvrir le continent tout en devenant bilingue .
'' If parents are not happy then they are perfectly free to take their children to a school that allows pupils to sell these things and allows a father to sell them outside on the pavement . ''
In Episode 4 of Better off Ted ( a fantastic show that you really need to tune into now before it , like so many other shows that make the mistake of being intelligent , gets axed ) , Veridian Dynamics encounters a small problem .
It has installed new motion sensors in the building that turn the lights on and off as employees enter and leave the room .
They already had a sensor system , but this one is better , somehow .
The official ABC synopsis sets the stage :
Meanwhile , Lem and Phil have their usual morning quarrel , this time over coffee and microscopic organisms .
( Trust us , folks — it ’s hardly as sexy as it sounds . )
When Phil leaves to get a cup of joe , everything in the lab suddenly shuts off .
Lem is confounded by this , even more so when everything springs back to life upon Phil ’s return .
As it turns out , the problem is that Phil is white , Lem is black , and the sensors apparently respond to light reflecting off the skin .
Which means that Veridian has managed to create racist technology .
The company ’s efforts to address the problem lead to all kinds of hilarity ( simply reinstalling the old tech , which worked just fine , does n’t occur to anyone ) .
They hire white people to follow black employees around , for instance , but that creates HR issues ( these new positions are rather explicitly not open to black applicants ) .
It all crescendos in one of the most outrageous , fall - off - the - couch funny moments in television history ( seriously , I laughed until I hurt ) .
Hilarious concept , if a bit unrealistic , right ?
Except that once again , life imitates television : it was recently revealed that HP , evidently the Veridian Dynamics of the computer technology world , has invented racist webcams .
In a video posted on December 10th , a black male and a white female show how an HP computer ’s facial - tracking software fails to recognize the black man ’s movements .
Yeah , you know where this is headed .
When the woman , Wanda , enters the frame , the camera follows her wherever she goes .
But when the man , Desi , enters , the camera wo n’t respond to any of his movements at all .
His only comment ?
“ I ’m going on record , and I ’m saying it , ” he says .
“ Hewlett - Packard computers are racist . ”
We applaud the good humor of the narrator here , but the whole episode raises an obvious question : does n’t HP , you know , test its products before release ?
Even Veridian engages in rigorous product testing ( granted , they tend to use their own employees as unwitting guinea pigs , but still ) …
China " systematically wrecked " the Copenhagen climate summit because it feared being presented with a legally binding target to cut the country 's soaring carbon emissions , a senior official from an EU country , present during the negotiations , told The Independent on Sunday yesterday .
The accusation , backed up by a separate eye - witness account from the heart of the talks of obstructive Chinese behaviour , reflected widespread anger among many delegations about the nation 's actions at the conference .
The concluding agreement about tackling global climate change was widely criticised yesterday for being too weak , and was seen as a dashing the hopes of many concerned about the warming threat .
The lack of teeth in the " Copenhagen accord " – which , it is accepted on all sides , is inadequate for fighting climate change – was widely blamed by environmentalists on President Barack Obama for not making bigger US commitments to cut carbon emissions .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Yet the key element of the agreement , a timetable for making its commitments legally binding by this time next year , was taken out at the last minute at the insistence of the Chinese , who otherwise would have refused to agree to the deal .
Also removed , at Chinese insistence , was a statement of a global goal to cut carbon emissions by 50 per cent by 2050 , and for the developed world to cut its emissions by 80 per cent by the same date .
The latter is regarded as essential if the world is to stay below the danger threshold of a two - degree Centigrade temperature rise .
The " 50 - 50 " and " 50 - 80 " goals have already been accepted by the G20 group of nations and world leaders who were negotiating the agreement , including Gordon Brown , Angela Merkel of Germany , Nicolas Sarkozy of France and Kevin Rudd of Australia .
They were said to be amazed at the Chinese demands , especially over the developed nations ' goal .
The European official said : " China thinks that by 2050 it will be a developed country and they do not want to constrain their growth . "
China , with its rapidly expanding economy , has now overtaken the US as the world 's biggest CO2 emitter , and although at the meeting it agreed for first time to a target to constrain its emissions growth in an international instrument , it is desperate not to have that made legally binding , the official said .
He added : " This conference has been systematically wrecked by the Chinese government , which has adopted tactics that were inexplicable at first as we had been led to believe they wanted an agreement . "
Even more pointed allegations about Chinese behaviour came last night from another source at the heart of the negotiations .
The source was present as heads of state and government drafted the final document , and gave the IoS an astonishing eyewitness account .
He said : " There were 25 heads of state in the room ; this was about six o'clock on Friday night .
To my right there was President Obama in the corner , with Gordon Brown on one side , the Ethiopian President on the other , the President of Mexico , the Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea ...
" If China had not been in that room you would have had a deal which would have had everyone popping champagne corks .
But this was the first sign that China is emerging as a superpower , which is not interested in global government , is not interested in multilateral governance that affects its own sovereignty or growth .
You could tell this lack of engagement through the process ; they play a much cleverer game than anyone else .
They were running rings around the Americans .
" It 's always easier to block than to try and get something .
The Americans will probably be given some of the blame because that 's the conventional narrative all the pressure groups have – that the rich countries are bad , they did n't give enough money or they would not create enough mitigation targets . "
The source went on : " But the truth is , I was in that meeting and the ' Annex 1 ' , rich countries had mitigation targets of 80 per cent by 2050 which everyone supported , and it was taken out by the Chinese .
The deal was watered down because the Chinese would n't accept any targets of any sort , for anybody .
Not themselves or anybody else .
Legally binding stuff was taken out by the Chinese as well and there was a lot of anger in the room .
It was controlled but it was very , very clear what the feelings were .
" The Chinese were happy as they 'd win either way .
If the process collapsed they'd win because they do n't have to do anything and they know the rich countries will get the blame .
" If the deal does n't collapse because everyone is so desperate to accommodate them that they water it down to something completely meaningless , they get their way again .
Either way they win .
I think all the other world leaders knew that by that stage and were just furious that they could n't do anything about it .
" It was extraordinary to see , and incredibly worrying for what it bodes for the future of our planet in this century .
China is not going to get less powerful , and if this is the way that it 's going to behave , then we have problems . "
Ed Miliband , the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change who led the negotiations for Britain , said last night : " It 's disappointing that the Chinese insisted we should not commit to a global 50 per cent emissions cut , and it 's disappointing that they did n't support a legally binding treaty .
I think both of these are necessary . "
Additional reporting by Rebecca Buchan and Claire Cooper
Eyewitness : Amid the confusion and chaos , we waited in vain for the hand of history on our shoulders
It was colourful , chaotic and confusing .
But the sense most people will probably walk away with after nearly two weeks of talks in Copenhagen is one of intense disappointment and deflation .
Close to 50,000 people attended , and most of them – be they environment ministers , NGOs , journalists or green campaigners – arrived at the Bella Center at the start with a justified feeling of optimism .
The conference did , after all , mark the culmination of years of work .
" Can you feel the hand of history on your shoulder ? " some of the thousands who gathered in the vast media room joked to one another .
On Tuesday , the excitement was palpable .
Arnold Schwarzenegger swept past with his entourage .
John Prescott arrived , bounding from one interview to the next .
Al Gore was everywhere , giving speeches and getting standing ovations .
This is it , I thought : this is history being made .
But as the days wore on , the mood became more pessimistic .
At the beginning of the conference , the huge hall of NGO and campaign stalls was crammed full of people , desperate to attract your attention .
By the end , it was like a ghost town – most of them had been banned from entry .
It was through this hall that I joined a walkout by protesters on Wednesday ; less than an hour afterwards they had been beaten into submission by Danish police .
Only the hardy vegan group remained .
On Thursday and Friday , the leaders of rich and poor nations descended and the main plenary hall became a sea of rhetoric .
The conference became a mess of hastily arranged and cancelled press conferences .
After the confusion came an uneasy lull , before Barack Obama 's dramatic announcement promised to resurrect a deal .
But it was not what anyone had hoped for .
Walking through the centre yesterday , I was struck by a sense that the whole thing had been a waste of time – with a carbon footprint of about 121,500 tons of C02 .
The hand of history was nowhere to be seen .
Chris Green in Copenhagen
This text will be replaced
New to SkyVector ?
This video will show you the basics in 5 minutes .
Update :
This video is out of date .
We 've added a bunch of new features and have n't made an updated video yet .
I was performing at a small pub in Kidderminster last week .
After the show , a young white man approached me .
He said , " I really like you – will you come out for a drink with me ? "
He looked like a teenager , so I said , " How old are you ? "
He said , " Twenty - three . "
I was about to decline , when he said , " Do n't worry , I 've lived in Dudley , I can speak Asian . "
A woman standing nearby turned to me and said , " Are you offended ? "
I said , " No , I thought it was hilarious . "
That 's like me saying to Ainsley Harriott , " Will you make me dinner tonight ?
Do n't worry , I 've lived in Brixton , I can speak African . "
The next night , I performed in Newcastle to 300 lesbians at a comedy night called Lesbolicious .
I walked on stage and said , " Good evening everyone , good evening lesbians . "
After the show , a very irate gay man stormed up to me and shouted in my face , " You 've offended me !
How dare you come on stage and say , ' Good evening lesbians . '
I 'm a gay man , and you did n't acknowledge me . "
There were 300 women in this room and five men , all of them sitting at a table in a dark corner at the back .
If I had to acknowledge every group of people to avoid offending anyone , I 'd be there all night saying hello to all the ginger fat people .
But he was offended , so I said , " Well , what do you want me to do about it ? "
He did n't know what to say and just walked off .
Of all the things I said that night that could have offended him – ­ paedophilia , anal sex , Chris Evans – he was offended by what I did n't say , which was obviously , " Hello , gay man sitting at table 42 . "
The next day , a tabloid newspaper rang my manager to ask her , " Is Shazia offended by Prince Philip 's remark about the surname Patel ? "
Why should I be offended ?
My name 's not Patel and I 've actually been called worse .
But the man persisted : " Are you sure she 's not offended ? "
I am now being provoked into being offended about things I really do n't care about and there are people out there waiting to be offended on my behalf .
If these people are so enthusiastic to help me , I 'd rather they just came round to my house and washed my car .
Another woman approached me after a show in Leicester last weekend .
" I work for the Metropolitan police , " she said .
" I suggested you as entertainment for our recent conference , but my boss said no , we could n't have a comedian – people will get offended . "
I said , " What do you think people will be offended by ? "
" Making jokes about serious subjects , " she replied .
" That 's comedy , " I said .
" No , you can't do that , people will get very upset and we will get lots of complaints . "
It then occurred to me that this was n't about being offended , it was about processing complaints .
This woman was offended in advance , on behalf of an audience , by material she had never heard .
Offence has become contagious ; each week brings more new cases than swine flu .
I am starting to get really annoyed .
Being offended is not like having cancer or rabies ; people do n't die of offence .
At most , your feelings will be wounded , you will feel displeased or angered , but have a cream cake and watch some X Factor and it will all be OK .
Being offended is losing its impact .
When that gay man in Newcastle complained , I really do n't know what he expected me to do .
I could n't give him a pill to make his anger go away .
If I apologised , would that really have helped ?
Or was he just one of these people who looks for things to be offended about ?
We should go back to the good old days of moaning to strangers at bus stops and writing letters to local papers , instead of just accosting people face to face and shouting , " I 'm offended , but I do n't know why , I just feel I should be . "
Offence is like the pound : its value is collapsing .
Once people used to be offended by Holocaust deniers .
Now they 're offended by cartoons .
What next ?
Men in cycling shorts ?
Every year a very grand lunch is given by the Conservative Friends of Israel at a central London hotel .
Anyone who is anyone in the Conservative party makes it their business to be there .
It is normally addressed by the party leader .
This year 's event took place in June , with the main speech by David Cameron , and the shadow foreign secretary , William Hague , in attendance .
The dominant event of the previous 12 months had been the Israeli invasion of Gaza .
We were shocked Cameron made no reference in his speech to the massive destruction it caused , or the 1,370 deaths that resulted , or for that matter the invasion itself .
Indeed , our likely future prime minister went out of his way to praise Israel because it " strives to protect innocent life " .
This remark was not intended satirically .
Afterwards , we resolved to ask the question : what are the rules of British political behaviour that cause the Tory leader , his mass of MPs and parliamentary candidates to flock to the Friends of Israel lunch in the year of the Gaza invasion ?
And what are the rules of media discourse that ensure such an event passes without even being noticed ?
During an investigation lasting several months , we have been able to reach several important conclusions .
We maintain there is indeed a pro-Israel lobby in Britain .
It is extremely well - connected and well - funded , and works through all the main political parties .
For instance , Conservative Friends of Israel ( CFI ) – once described by the famous Conservative politician and historian as " the largest organisation in western Europe dedicated to the cause of the people of Israel " – claims that 80 % of all Tory MPs are members .
The Labour Friends of Israel is equally formidable .
In 2001 , Jon Mendelsohn , a former chairman of LFI and now Gordon Brown 's chief election fundraiser , was quoted in the Jerusalem Post as saying that " Zionism is pervasive in New Labour .
It is automatic that Blair will come to Labour Friends of Israel meetings . "
Since 2001 , LFI has arranged more than 60 free trips to Israel for MPs.
LFI and CFI trips account for an astonishing 13 % of all funded trips abroad for MPs and candidates .
That 's more trips to Israel , with a population smaller than London 's , than to any other country .
Furthermore , those in many sensitive foreign affairs , defence and intelligence posts in the Commons are often Labour or Conservative Friends of Israel .
Mike Gapes , chair of the foreign affairs select committee , is a former deputy chair of the LFI .
Kim Howells , chair of the intelligence and security committee ( and a former Middle East minister ) , used to chair LFI .
James Arbuthnot , chair of the powerful Commons defence select committee , is also the serving parliamentary chair of the CFI .
The Israel lobby is not afraid to use its political muscle .
After Hague said Israel 's invasion of Lebanon in 2006 was " disproportionate " , there was an explosion among donors .
Only a few weeks ago Hague , following CFI pressure , put out a statement demanding Britain reject the Goldstone resolution at the UN .
Meanwhile , a parallel operation is carried on against media organisations that criticise Israel 's foreign policy .
In particular , the Guardian and the BBC suffer from a barrage of complaints and emails , many from outside the UK .
The BBC has proved unable to cope .
As the culture secretary , Ben Bradshaw ( a former BBC reporter ) , rather bravely remarked after director general Mark Thompson turned down a request from the Disasters Emergency Committee to broadcast a humanitarian appeal for Gaza : " I 'm afraid the BBC has to stand up to the Israeli authorities occasionally .
Israel has a long reputation for bullying the BBC . "
It is important to say what we did not find .
There is no conspiracy , and nothing resembling a conspiracy .
Yet , as we demonstrate in Dispatches on Monday night , the financial arrangements of a number of the organisations that form part of the pro-Israel lobby are by no means widely known .
The pro-Israel lobby , in common with other lobbies , has every right to operate and indeed to flourish in Britain .
But it needs to be far more open about how it is funded and what it does .
This is partly because the present obscurity surrounding it can , paradoxically , give rise to conspiracy theories that have no basis in fact .
But it is mainly because politics in a democracy should never take place behind closed doors .
It should be out in the open for all to see .
Jazz great Chet Baker 's estate is suing the major record labels for releasing his music on Canadian CDs without paying compensation ( a common practice in Canada , where over 300,000 songs have been released on CD without compensation ) .
The defendants — Warner Music Canada , Sony BMG Music Canada , EMI Music Canada , and Universal Music Canada — have admitted that they owe at least CAD $ 50 million , but Baker 's estate is entitled to up to CAD $ 60 billion .
The claims arise from a longstanding practice of the recording industry in Canada , described in the lawsuit as " exploit now , pay later if at all . "
It involves the use of works that are often included in compilation CDs ( ie. the top dance tracks of 2009 ) or live recordings .
The record labels create , press , distribute and sell the CDs , but do not obtain the necessary copyright licences …
It is difficult to understand why the industry has been so reluctant to pay its bills .
Some works may be in the public domain or belong to a copyright owner difficult to ascertain or locate , yet the likes of Sarah McLachlan , Bruce Cockburn , Sloan , or the Watchmen are not hidden from view .
The more likely reason is that the record labels have had little motivation to pay up .
As the balance has grown , David Basskin , the president and CEO of the Canadian Musical Reproduction Rights Agency Ltd. , notes in his affidavit that " the record labels have devoted insufficient resources for identifying and paying the owners of musical works on the pending lists . "
The CRIA members now face the prospect of far greater liability .
The class action seeks the option of statutory damages for each infringement .
At $ 20,000 per infringement , potential liability exceeds $ 60 billion .
( CNN ) -- Philippines authorities Tuesday started evacuating about 50,000 people living around the island nation 's most active volcano after it oozed fiery lava and belched clouds of ash .
A large - scale eruption was forecast as imminent .
The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology raised the alert level up a notch on Monday night to level 3 . Scientist Alex Baloloy told the Philippine News Agency ( PNA ) that under level 3 , " a full - blown eruption is expected to take place within weeks to days . "
He said seismic instruments detected 83 volcanic quakes , a majority of which were tremors associated with rockfalls .
People in Albay province , about 466 kilometers ( 290 miles ) south of the capital , Manila , flocked to town centers to catch a glimpse of glowing lava cascading down the slopes of Mayon .
The volcanic mountain soars 2,464 meters ( 8,077 feet ) into the sky and has erupted 49 times since the first documented eruption in 1616 .
Ash fell on the town of Guinabatan , prompting its mayor to predict an unwanted sort of white Christmas , PNA said .
Provincial Gov. Joey Salceda ordered mandatory evacuation for residents of 45 towns and cities within a radius of 6 kilometers ( 3.7 miles ) around Mayon , including Legazpi , Ligao , Tabaco , Daraga , Camalig , Guinobatan , Malilipot and Santo Domingo .
The Albay Public Safety Emergency and Management Office said 9,946 families or 47,285 people were expected to be moved to safer ground within 72 hours , PNA reported .
Salceda , who canceled a planned trip to Denmark for the global climate conference in Copenhagen , said he will meet with the provincial disaster coordinating council Tuesday to discuss emergency measures in case of an eruption , according to PNA .
The Philippines is situated in the so - called Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .
Mayon 's most violent eruption , in 1814 , killed more than 1,200 people and devastated several towns .
Its last major eruption was in 1993 .
Since then , it has emitted ash and spewed lava but remained restless .
We are the Awaleq
Born of bitterness
We are the nails that go into the rock
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
We are the sparks of hell
He who defies us will be burned
This is the tribal chant of the powerful Awaleq tribe of Yemen , in which they bid defiance to the world .
Its angry tone conveys the flavour of Yemeni life and it should give pause to those in the US who blithely suggest greater American involvement in Yemen in the wake of the attempt to destroy a US plane by a Nigerian student who says he received training there .
Yemen has always been a dangerous place .
Wonderfully beautiful , the mountainous north of the country is guerrilla paradise .
The Yemenis are exceptionally hospitable , though this has its limits .
For instance , the Kazam tribe east of Aden are generous to passing strangers , but deem the laws of hospitality to lapse when the stranger leaves their tribal territory , at which time he becomes " a good back to shoot at " .
The Awaleq and Kazam tribes are not exotic survivals on the margins of Yemeni society but are both politically important and influential .
The strength of the central government in the capital , Sanaa , is limited and it generally avoids direct confrontations with tribal confederations , tribes , clans and powerful families .
Almost everybody has a gun , usually at least an AK - 47 assault rifle , but tribesmen often own heavier armament .
I have always loved the country .
It is physically very beautiful with cut stone villages perched on mountain tops on the sides of which are cut hundreds of terraces , making the country look like an exaggerated Tuscan landscape .
Yemenis are intelligent , humorous , sociable and democratic , infinitely preferable as company to the arrogant and ignorant playboys of the Arab oil states in the rest of the Arabian Peninsula .
It is very much a country of direct action .
Once when I was there a Chinese engineer was kidnapped as he drove along the main road linking Sanaa to Aden .
The motives of the kidnappers were peculiar .
It turned out they came from a bee - keeping tribe ( Yemen is famous for its honey ) whose bees live in hives inside hollow logs placed on metal stilts to protect them from ants .
The police had raided the tribe 's village and had damaged hives for which the owners were demanding compensation .
The government had been slow in paying up so the tribesmen had decided to draw attention to their grievance by kidnapping the next foreigner on the main road and this turned out to be the Chinese engineer .
Yemen is a mosaic of conflicting authorities , though this authority may be confined to a few villages .
Larger communities include the Shia around Sanaa in the north of the country near Saada , with whom the government has been fighting a fierce little civil war .
The unification of North and South Yemen in 1990 has never wholly gelled and the government is wary of southern secessionism .
Its ability to buy off its opponents is also under threat as oil revenues fall , with the few oilfields beginning to run dry .
It is in this fascinating but dangerous land that President Barack Obama is planning to increase US political and military involvement .
Joint operations will be carried out by the US and Yemeni military .
There will be American drone attacks on hamlets where al - Qa'ida supposedly has its bases .
There is ominous use by American politicians and commentators of the phrase " failed state " in relation to Yemen , as if this some how legitimised foreign intervention .
It is extraordinary that the US political elite has never taken on board that its greatest defeats have been in just such " failed states " ' , not least Lebanon in 1982 , when 240 US Marines were blown up ; Somalia in the early 1990s when the body of a US helicopter pilot was dragged through the streets ; Iraq after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein ; and Afghanistan after the supposed fall of the Taliban .
Yemen has all the explosive ingredients of Lebanon , Somalia , Iraq and Afghanistan .
But the arch - hawk Senator Joe Lieberman , chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security , was happily confirming this week that the Green Berets and the US Special Forces are already there .
He cited with approval an American official in Sanaa as telling him that , " Iraq was yesterday 's war .
Afghanistan is today 's war .
If you do n't act pre-emptively Yemen will be tomorrow 's war . "
In practice pre-emptive strikes are likely to bring a US military entanglement in Yemen even closer .
The US will get entangled because the Yemeni government will want to manipulate US action in its own interests and to preserve its wilting authority .
It has long been trying to portray the Shia rebels in north Yemen as Iranian cats - paws in order to secure American and Saudi support .
Al - Qa'ida in the Arabian Peninsula ( AQAP ) probably only has a few hundred activists in Yemen , but the government of long time Yemeni President Ali Abdulah Salih will portray his diverse opponents as somehow linked to al - Qa'ida .
In Yemen the US will be intervening on one side in a country which is always in danger of sliding into a civil war .
This has happened before .
In Iraq the US was the supporter of the Shia Arabs and Kurds against the Sunni Arabs .
In Afghanistan it is the ally of the Tajiks , Uzbeks and Hazara against the Pashtun community .
Whatever the intentions of Washington , its participation in these civil conflicts destabilises the country because one side becomes labelled as the quisling supporter of a foreign invader .
Communal and nationalist antipathies combine to create a lethal blend .
Despite sectarian , ethnic and tribal loyalties in the countries where the US has intervened in the Middle East , they usually have a strong sense of national identity .
Yemenis are highly conscious of their own nationality and their identity as Arabs .
One of the reasons the country is so miserably poor , with almost half its 22 million people trying to live on $ 2 a day , is that in 1990 Yemen refused to join the war against Iraq and Saudi Arabia consequently expelled 850,000 Yemeni workers .
It is extraordinary to see the US begin to make the same mistakes in Yemen as it previously made in Afghanistan and Iraq .
What it is doing is much to al - Qa'ida 's advantage .
The real strength of al - Qa'ida is not that it can " train " a fanatical Nigerian student to sew explosives into his underpants , but that it can provoke an exaggerated US response to every botched attack .
Al - Qa'ida leaders openly admitted at the time of 9/11 that the aim of such operations is to provoke the US into direct military intervention in Muslim countries .
In Yemen the US is walking into the al - Qa'ida trap .
Once there it will face the same dilemma it faces in Iraq and Afghanistan .
It became impossible to exit these conflicts because the loss of face would be too great .
Just as Washington saved banks and insurance giants from bankruptcy in 2008 because they were " too big to fail , " so these wars become too important to lose because to do so would damage the US claim to be the sole superpower .
In Iraq the US is getting out more easily than seemed likely at one stage because Washington has persuaded Americans that they won a non-existent success .
The ultimate US exit from Afghanistan may eventually be along very similar lines .
But the danger of claiming spurious victories is that such distortions of history make it impossible for the US to learn from past mistakes and instead it repeats them by fresh interventions in countries like Yemen .
Not so cute after all , then !
Fierce leopard seal displays its two - inch teeth as it hunts down a penguin
As any professional photographer will tell you , it can often be hard to get your subject to crack a smile .
However , there was no such problem for Amos Nachoum when he encountered this 12ft leopard seal .
As he bravely edged his camera close to the fearsome predator 's face , it obligingly opened its jaws and showed off a fine set of 2in razor - sharp teeth .
Roar :
The leopard seal 's two - inch teeth look like they are about to take the lens off the camera in this image taken by Amos Nachoun and his team in Antarctica
The seal takes another run at the camera - whose operator must have nerves of steel
An experienced photographer of underwater wildlife , Nachoum spotted the seal as it hunted penguin near Pleneau - Island in Antarctica 's Southern Ocean .
' The leopard seal is a sleek and violent hunter , ' said Nachoum .
' He will ambush his prey by waiting in silence at the bottom of the shallow channels that run along the island .
' He will then launch himself at the unsuspecting penguin and grab hold of its feet .
' In one of the most visceral acts that I have seen in wildlife photography the leopard seal will then take the penguin to the surface and shake its body to a pulp before eating it .
' They do not like to eat the penguin 's feathers . '
He added : ' They are the only seal capable of attacking a human and as such need to be treated with due respect . '
Captured in its full glory in February of this year , the agile leopard seal is part of a group that congregate each year on the Antarctic Peninsula to feed .
Gotcha :
The leopard seal clamps a penguin in its fearsome jaws as it glares into the camera
Photographing one of Mother Nature 's most brutal scenes is not an easy task .
' We travelled for four days from Ushuaia on the southern coast of Argentina in a sail boat at the height of the Antarctic summer to get to Pleneau Island , ' Amos said .
' The air temperature can peak at around 10 degrees and the water temperature can fall as low as minus one .
' As such we must use dry - suits with thermal insulating layers to ensure that we can enter the water .
' Using these we can stay for up to one hour in the sea with the seals . '
Because of the dangers of diving in the icy Antarctic , experienced Amos has a serious respect for this type of photographic expedition .
' Antarctica is a final frontier , ' he added .
The seal snaps the penguin in its jaws before taking it to the surface and shaking its body to a pulp
' Only very experienced divers who have excellent buoyancy could be prepared for this type of dive .
' They must understand that they face not only the danger from the seal , but from the water and climate too . '
For Amos , diving with any leopard seal is always daunting .
' In the water , most associate sharks with danger , ' he said .
' But when divers with me see the intelligence , agility and size of the leopard seal they can become nervous .
' I explain that they must not encroach on the seal 's space and not to provoke it into any unwanted action . '
Even though Amos has dived with Great Whites and photographed polar bears from three feet away , he is always in awe of the leopard seal .
' I have seen them throw themselves on to rocks during a hunt into the middle of a group of sitting penguins .
They ignore all the others around them and chase the one penguin that they are targeting .
Biogas from Cows Could Help Save New York City Water Supply
December 12th , 2009 by Tina Casey
New York City is fighting to save its drinking water supply from potential contamination by new natural gas drilling operations , and some unlikely heroes may be ambling to the rescue .
Dairy cows are being recruited to provide sustainable manure - derived methane biogas to power homes in New York State .
Along with other alternative energies , renewable methane could reduce the demand for natural gas , and forestall the potential danger to water supplies posed by unsafe natural gas drilling operations .
The statewide methane biogas project was kick - started this fall at New York State ’s Dairy Power Summit .
The initial goal is somewhat modest : by 2020 , the state ’s dairy farmers hope to produce enough methane to power about 32,000 homes .
The real punch is in the involvement of future thinking GE Energy with other innovative dairy industry partners in the effort , which promises to transform the humble dairy farm into the central feature of hundreds of bioenergy communities across the state and elsewhere in the U.S .
Cow Power and Renewable Methane Biogas
The New York State program will be modeled on Vermont ’s successful Cow Power renewable biogas program , which collects manure in anaerobic digesters ( enclosed tanks ) .
In an anaerobic digester , a natural process breaks down the organic matter in manure , producing usable methane gas .
New York State hopes to have enough digesters up and running by 2020 to process 40 % of the manure from the state ’s dairy farms .
Cow Power in Overdrive
In a boost for family farms , hobby farmers and other small scale farms , the Dairy Power summit also yielded goals for developing an anaerobic digester system for small scale farms that would be cost - effective to run with as few as two cows on the property .
More than a dozen other projects are included in the summit ’s action plan , including the development of a method for producing diesel - grade compressed methane biogas for use in vehicles .
Natural Gas , Biogas , and Safe Drinking Water
Like its twin sister mountaintop coal mining , natural gas drilling has evolved into a new , more destructive form in order to tap supplies that were previously not economical to exploit .
The current method , hydraulic fracturing , involves thrusting millions of gallons of chemically treated water underground , where it can potentially leach into local aquifers and reservoirs .
Though farm operations can also be problematic for nearby water supplies , the methane biogas solution could provide a cost - effective platform for improving the collection and sequestering of manure .
Anaerobic digestion also yields a natural soil booster that could help reduce the need for chemical fertilizers , so the overall biogas production process could very well pay for itself , and even become an important value - added feature of a financially successful dairy farm .
Image : Cows by Marcy Reiford on flickr.com .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
RBS backs down over big bonuses
Royal Bank of Scotland has indicated it will bow to pressure to slash executive bonuses after a bruising row with the Treasury , it emerged today .
Back down : RBS boss Stephen Hester will not hand out huge bonuses .
The bank , which is 70 % owned by the taxpayers , is thought to want to cool tensions and avoid a showdown with the Treasury over the size of rewards it is able to pay .
RBS was forced to hand over control of its bonus pool to the Treasury as a condition of signing up to the Government 's insurance scheme for its toxic assets .
The bank 's directors had threatened to quit the bank if the Treasury used its power to impose a cap on the bonus pot .
But RBS insiders have told the Financial Times that pay - outs in its investment banking division would be 'at the low , low end of the scale ' , even if that meant losing experienced staff to better - paying rivals .
The row comes as it emerged today that another bailed - out bank , Lloyds , plans to give 200 of its executives a one - off payment worth up to 80 % of their salaries .
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable said ministers should ' call the RBS directors ' bluff ' and let them resign .
He said : ' This confrontation has been a long time coming .
The bank is still operating as if it is a private bank in the good old days .
The government has got to be very firm . '
›› ' Stablisation payments ' - new and imaginative ways of paying bonuses
›› Reader insight : I can tell you how City workers avoid tax
But the Prime Minister sought to head off a mass departure as he insisted no bank would be ' discriminated against ' .
Mr Brown said : ' Most sensible people would accept that if we come to a worldwide agreement about what the bonus structure should be , then every major bank in the world will want to follow that .
' And nobody is being discriminated against because every bank is having to follow these procedures . '
Amid signs of Government confusion , Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman blasted the bank 's board as ' irresponsible and reckless ' .
She said : ' I 'm happy to condemn those who simply have no recognition of the fact that people expect the banks to play a part in the economy and lend to businesses , pay back the money they 've needed because they 've nearly fallen off the edge of a cliff because of recklessness and irresponsibility and expect them not to award themselves massive bonuses . '
Lord Myners urged all banks , including those not supported by the taxpayer , to take into account the ' broad public concern ' over pay and bonuses .
This is Money 's Alan O'Sullivan argues against mega bonuses for bankers on S ky News
He said that without restraint , more than 5,000 bankers in the UK would earn more than £ 1 m this year .
Tory spokesman Mark Hoban said : ' The Government 's policy on bonuses is a muddle .
The City Minister claims he will veto big bonuses , only to be superseded by the Business Secretary calling for banks merely to show restraint .
' We have been clear - no significant cash bonuses should be paid this year and the money should go towards increasing lending to the families and businesses who propped up the banks in the first place . '
But Howard Wheeldon , a City analyst with BGC Partners , said : ' Do n't lose sight of how necessary it is for banks to make enormous amounts of money if Government debt is to be paid back .
They need to retain key staff to enable them to do just that .'
No matter where the world of poker takes us , it look as though the success for British players continues .
This weekend ’s poker news wrap up shows that players from the UK and Ireland had a fantastic time during the events that took place .
For example , the main event of the World Championships of Online Poker were a huge success for UK players .
The likes of Leon Louis , who ended up with $ 200,000 , and James Dempsey were among the top finishers at the event .
Liv Boeree and Dave Shallow also had impressive results , while Zimnan Ziyard ended up with $ 23,000 .
One man who seems unable to end his streak of unbelievable form is Tom Middleton .
He had a fantastic day at the $ 215 No Limit Hold ’em event , and he went home with $ 75,000 .
He finished in the top five of the event , and beat out more than 9000 people to do so .
Middleton will be competing at the upcoming UKIPT main event in London , in addition to the European Poker Tour at the same city .
These main events present great chances for him to walk away with huge prize pots .
There is no doubt that 2013 has been Tom Middleton ’s best year to date on the circuit .
The Full Tilt Poker event in Canada also saw British players being successful , with Toby Lewis walking away with the grand prize at the $ 320 Saturday Six -Max .
He won close to $ 22,000 for his efforts .
British winnings did not end there , with Gavin Ball claiming second place in the $ 250,000 Guarantee three - handed , finishing with $ 43,600 .
Sam Grafton managed to win the Sunday Mulligan event , while Ben Spraggons took second place at the Big Ben event .
Both players won in excess of $ 10,000 .
Two British players finished in the top four of the Partypoker $ 200,000 Guarantee Sunday event .
2013 has been a fantastic year for British poker players , and they have proved that they can mix it with the best in the world .
Whether it is on the American , Canadian or European circuit , British players are always among the top 10 - 20 players at an event .
This trend is likely to continue with the WSOP European main eventrolling around in Paris .
This is the flagship event of the European poker season , and there will be plenty of top British talent on show .
Expect fireworks , great drama , and plenty of British winnings .
Despite a six - year effort to build trusted computer chips for military systems , the Pentagon now manufactures in secure facilities run by American companies only about 2 percent of the more than $ 3.5 billion of integrated circuits bought annually for use in military gear .
That shortfall is viewed with concern by current and former United States military and intelligence agency executives who argue that the menace of so - called Trojan horses hidden in equipment circuitry is among the most severe threats the nation faces in the event of a war in which communications and weaponry rely on computer technology .
As advanced systems like aircraft , missiles and radars have become dependent on their computing capabilities , the specter of subversion causing weapons to fail in times of crisis , or secretly corrupting crucial data , has come to haunt military planners .
The problem has grown more severe as most American semiconductor manufacturing plants have moved offshore .
Only one - fifth of all computer chips are now made in the United States , and just one - quarter of the chips based on the most advanced technologies are built here , I.B.M. executives say .
That has led the Pentagon and the National Security Agency to expand significantly the number of American plants authorized to manufacture chips for the Pentagon ’s Trusted Foundry program .
In little more than a decade , Google has conquered the technology industry and become one of the world 's most powerful companies .
Its latest undertaking , however , may be one of its most ambitious : a giant undersea cable that will significantly speed up internet access around the globe .
The Californian search engine is part of a consortium that confirmed its plans to install the new Southeast Asia Japan Cable ( SJC ) yesterday , the centrepiece of a $ 400 m ( £ 245 m ) project that will create the highest capacity system ever built .
Google is undertaking the scheme with a number of Asian telecommunications companies , including Japan 's KDDI and India 's Reliance Globalcom .
The agreement to build the submarine cable was first proposed three years ago , but negotiations finally came to a close on Wednesday as officials signed what they promised was a groundbreaking deal .
" We will now be uniquely positioned to provide our customers voice , internet and data services across the entire Asian continent , " said Punit Garg , the chief executive of Reliance .
When it opens for business in 2012 , the SJC will run 3,000 miles from Singapore to Japan - with branches reaching out to Hong Kong , the Philippines , Thailand and Guam .
In total , it will consist of more than 5,000 miles of cable , sunk deep under the seabed .
The move is intended to boost the amount of capacity available for phone calls and internet traffic by bringing new .
In turn , this should ease any potential congestion and make it easier for communications traffic to route around the world .
The SJC is set to break records by allowing up to 17 terabits of data to be sent every second - the equivalent of around 250 m telephone lines , and large enough to allow the contents of every single book in the British Library to be transferred 20 times per second .
And as if that was not enough , the line is also upgradeable and could eventually run as fast as 23 Tbps - space for another 88 m phone lines .
It is not the first time that Google has made significant investments in the physical infrastructure that underpins the internet .
Recently , the company took a leading role in developing a parallel project to build the $ 300 m
Unity cable , which will run a high - capacity line from Japan to Los Angeles .
Demand for connectivity has grown drastically in recent years , thanks to increased internet traffic .
Research company TeleGeography pinned annual growth between 2002 and 2007 at around 63 % per year , and expects demand to double each year until 2012 .
Earlier this year a new line running into east Africa was finally completed , promising to bring improved broadband to countries including Kenya , Tanzania , Uganda and South Africa .
Güterverkehr auf die Schiene : Auf Straßenbau verzichten
Verkehr und Landwirtschaft bleiben hierzulande die großen Umweltsünder , sagen die " Daten zur Umwelt " des Umweltbundesamtes .
Der Güterverkehr muss auf die Schiene .
Eine radikale Verlagerung des Güterverkehrs von der Straße auf die Schiene hat JOchen Flasbarth , Präsident des Umweltbundesamtes ( UBA ) , gestern in Berlin gefordert .
" Wir brauchen bei der Bahn eine Steigerung des Gütertransports von 80 Prozent bis 2020 " , sagte er bei der Vorstellung des Berichtes " Daten zur Umwelt 2009 " .
Demnach hat der Lkw - Verkehr in Deutschland seit 1991 um 89 Prozent zugenommen .
" Das ist mit den Klimaschutzzielen nicht zu vereinbaren " , so Flasbarth .
Der Systemwechsel hin zur Bahn sei nur möglich , wenn auf den Bau von Straßen verzichtet werde , so Flassbarth .
Zugleich müsse massiv ins Schienennetz investiert werden .
" Das betrifft sowohl den Ausbau bestehender Schienen als auch ihren Neubau . "
Zudem müssten Güter von der Straße auf Wasserwege umgeleitet werden .
Auch auf den bestehenden Wasserstraßen könnten mehr Binnenschiffe fahren , auch ohne neue Staustufen in den Flüssen .
Die Debatte um ihren Ausbau besitze einen " höheren emotionalen als faktischen Wert " .
Der Verkehr gilt zudem als einer der Hauptverursacher von Feinstaub und Stickoxiden , die Umwelt und menschliche Gesundheit in Deutschland weiter stark belasten .
" Die gesetzten Ziele zur Schadstoffreduzierung erreichen wir in diesem Fall nicht " , sagte Flasbarth .
Die Grenzwerte für Feinstaub werden laut Bericht an rund einem Viertel der verkehrsnahen Messstationen an mehr als den zulässigen 35 Tage überschritten .
Feinstaub schädigt die Atemwege und kann Krebs auslösen , Stickoxide reizen die Schleimhäute und gelten als eine der Hauptursachen für das Waldsterben durch sauren Regen .
Sorge bereiten den Umweltschützern auch Stickstoffe aus der Landwirtschaft .
Zwar sank die Überdüngung pro Hektar landwirtschaftlicher Nutzfläche zwischen 1991 und 2005 um 20 Prozent von 130 auf 104 Kilogramm .
Doch eigentlich sollte der Stickstoffüberschuss im nächsten Jahr auf 80 Kilogramm pro Hektar reduziert werden .
" Das schaffen wir voraussichtlich nicht " , so Flasbarth .
Er hatte aber auch gute Nachrichten .
So ging die Emission von Treibhausgasen von 1990 bis 2007 um 22,5 Prozent zurück , im vergangenen Jahr habe sich diese Zahl stabilisiert .
Damit hat Deutschland sein Minderungsziel von durchschnittlich 21 Prozent unterschritten .
Bis 2020 hat sich die Bundesrepublik zu einer Reduzierung der Treibhausgase um 40 Prozent verpflichtet .
Auch das könne eingehalten werden , so Flassbarth .
Allerdings seien bisher vor allem leicht erreichbare Ziele gesteckt worden .
" Nun wird es anstrengender " , sagte der UBA - Präsident .
Die Energieproduktivität müsse deutlich gesteigert und der Kraftwerkspark umgebaut werden .
This decade witnessed the meteoric rise of BitTorrent , but during the last five years associated sites have endured some of the most aggressive anti-piracy legal action ever seen .
The top three BitTorrent sites , after fending off threats for years , all lost in a big way during 2009 .
But the show ai n't over yet .
Following the messy death of Napster in 2001 , the continued rise of file - sharing services took many by surprise .
It took very little time for users to adapt to other sharing techniques and before long , services such as Kazaa , eD2 K and BitTorrent were the hottest property on the net , gathering a momentum that would prove difficult , if not impossible to stop .
Dozens of notable BitTorrent sites have emerged since things really began to take off in 2002 / 2003 , and literally thousands of lesser known private communities have flourished .
But in terms of sheer volume of torrents , users and mainstream awareness , a trio of sites have stood head and shoulders above the rest .
By scale and exposure , The Pirate Bay , Mininova and isoHunt became the three most prominent BitTorrent sites in the latter half of the decade , serving billions of torrents to multiple millions of BitTorrent users .
Due to this massive and unprecedented level of interest , it became increasingly clear – the movie and music industries , just as they did with dozens of sites and services before them , would move to crush or suffocate them into submission .
2009 became a painful year for all three of them .
The Pirate Bay
On April 17th 2009 , after being hounded continuously by the combined might of the movie and music industries , the four defendants in The Pirate Bay trial were eventually found guilty .
While the court said that it was the users of The Pirate Bay that committed the first infringements by sharing copyright files , it went on to dismiss most of the technical details , and judged the case on intent .
It was declared that the intention of the defendants was to facilitate the sharing of copyrighted works .
Categorizing the infringements as ’ severe ’ , the court said the team of four were well aware that copyrighted material was being shared using The Pirate Bay and that they made it easy for the users and assisted the infringements .
The lack of a ‘ notice and takedown ’ certainly did not help the defense .
The four defendants were sentenced to one year in prison and a fines of $ 905,000 each .
The case will be appealed .
The crushing verdict did not close the site , however , despite further legal attacks on its bandwidth infrastructure and bans forbidding the founders from operating the site .
Indeed , with adaptation , the site remains alive and fully operational today , proving that in The Pirate Bay ’s case , suffering pain is not a terminal condition .
Mininova
After operating for almost five full years , the BitTorrent giant Mininova also succumbed to relentless entertainment industry in 2009 , deleting over a million torrent files and shutting down the majority of its website .
Mininova was left with little choice , being forced into these drastic measures following a negative verdict in their court battle with the local anti-piracy outfit BREIN in the summer .
The Dutch court told Mininova that it must remove all infringing torrent files from its index on pain of huge fines , but as this proved technically unfeasible , the site ’s owners took the decision to remove all torrents uploaded by regular users , many of which were not infringing any copyrights at all .
This proved disastrous to the site .
As a force to be reckoned with , Mininova has been taken back to the stone age .
isoHunt
In 2006 , several Hollywood studios filed a complaint about then US - based site , isoHunt .
In common with claims against The Pirate Bay and Mininova , the studios stated that the site ’s owner was guilty of profiting from , and inducing , copyright infringement .
Just 8 days ago , on December 21st 2009 , a US federal court in California ruled that isoHunt was indeed guilty of inducing copyright infringement , stating that the site ’s operators had engaged in “ purposeful , culpable expression and conduct , aimed at promoting infringing uses of the websites . ”
Since the circumstances of the case were so similar to earlier ones involving Napster and Grokster , the judge decided there was no need to have a full trial and instead granted a summary judgment against isoHunt .
No damages awards against the site have yet been announced and isoHunt remains fully operational at the moment , pending an appeal .
In common with The Pirate Bay , is oHunt has not yet succumbed to the pain of its court defeat , despite overwhelming odds .
Lessons to be learned and the future of torrent sites
While Mininova is almost certainly out for good , The Pirate Bay and isoHunt remain active , despite their losses .
Nevertheless , there are plenty of lessons to be learned from the court defeats of all three sites .
Although some may believe that the negative verdicts point to the illegality of torrent sites , that is not the full picture .
In all three court defeats – notably in three distinct jurisdictions ( Sweden , The Netherlands and United States ) – indexed content aside , none of them stated that torrent sites are illegal .
However , fingers were pointed firmly at the operators and their conduct when running their sites .
Being prepared to filter out fakes and malware from sites but not having a ‘ notice and takedown ’ system for copyright holders can prove fatal .
But in the cases of Mininova and isoHunt , who both operated such systems and even co-operated with copyright owners , participating in discussions about copyright infringement on their forums can undo all the hard work .
In future , if site owners are to reduce liability , they will have to remain a lot more detached from their operations than they have been previously .
The lessons to be learned are many , a few of which are detailed here .
Already TorrentFreak is informed that next - generation torrent sites are in development , meaning that 2010 will prove yet another interesting year .
Just when you thought you 'd seen it all with Nexus One , along comes an old friend with some higher resolution shots of the handset ( hooray ! ) and a pretty impressive 3D benchmark test using Qualcomm 's Neocore .
Video's after the break -- that Snapdragon chip outputs a mean framerate , no ?
Also on hand after the break is a high - quality video of the UI -- ten minutes of it , to be exact .
Just a warning , there 's a brief NSFW clip from Californication at around the two minute mark .
With that said , grab some popcorn and enjoy ! :
The original YouTube video was pulled .
We 've uploaded a new copy and embedded below .
SEOUL , South Korea —
Setting fire to life - size cutouts of North Korea ’s reclusive leader Kim Jong
Il in the streets of Seoul is one of the more creative ways activists have protested against the hermit kingdom ’s unpopular human rights record .
But challenging a leader who has managed to completely isolate his country from the rest of the world is no easy task .
After years of picketing and publishing booklets , groups in South Korea have set their sights higher : taking Kim Jong Il to the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) .
More than 100 civic groups in South Korea recently launched a movement called the Anti-human Crime Investigation Committee and have declared their intention to take North Korea ’s leader to the international court , which can prosecute individuals for their involvement in war crimes , genocide and crimes against humanity .
“ We ’ve been fighting for human rights in North Korea for over 10 years now .
What we ’ve learned in that process is that North Korea tends to react only when the international community takes notice , ” Do Hee - youn , the head of the umbrella committee , said .
The court , since it began operating in 2002 , has taken A former rebel leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo , Thomas Lubanga , into custody for forcibly conscripting child soldiers , and unsealed an arrest warrant for Sudan ’s president Omar Hassan al - Bashir for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur .
It has two additional ongoing investigations in Uganda and the Central African Republic .
Do and his partners have gathered 212,200 signatures from the public since launching the movement in July and has also held a meeting with officials from the ICC at The Hague .
The committee says Kim should be held responsible for crimes against humanity that include the operation of political prison camps , conducting public executions and killing newborn babies with deformities — among a long list of other atrocities .
But is the battle against the Stalinist state ’s leader at all realistic ?
Most have shrugged off the idea as another effort that will go up in smoke , but the activists say they want to place their bets on the impossible .
“ Of course , in all campaigns we have our highest goals and our lower goals , ” Do said .
“ The highest goal is to have Kim Jong Il stand in court for the crimes he has committed , ” he said , “ but we ’re going to take things slowly . ”
The ICC can only prosecute someone who is a citizen of , or has committed a crime in , a member state .
— which North Korea is not .
A state can voluntarily accept the court 's jurisdiction , but as long as the Kim dynasty rules , the chances are almost nonexistent .
An exception is if the U.N. Security Council unanimously orders an investigation , as with President Bashir of Sudan .
But with North Korea 's ally China holding a Security Council veto , the odds of that happening to Kim Jong Il are slim .
And even Bashir will not be arrested unless he leaves the country or the Sudanese government gives him up .
“ It ’s most likely a symbolic movement , ” Park Ki-gab , a law professor at Korea University , said .
Given the issue of jurisdiction with North Korea , Park believes the Security Council is still the committee ’s best bet .
The U.N. General Assembly adopted in November a human rights resolution sponsored by the U.S. voicing concern about detention and torture among other human rights abuses in North Korea .
But for an ICC investigation , the issue would need unanimous approval from the Security Council .
“ With China there , do you think it ’s going to be at all possible ? ”
Park said .
The stalled nuclear talks with Pyongyang is also not a favorable condition for the activists .
Addressing human rights issues could potentially cause the North to cut itself off from the international community instead of engaging in dialogue for denuclearization .
“ It ’s a different world when you ’re talking legal issues and politics , ” the professor said .
Do is more optimistic .
In the recent meeting with officials from the ICC , he said , the group was told as long as there is concrete evidence of abuses that the court ’s prosecutors will review their case .
The activist said his committee has more than 100 witnesses ready to talk to prosecutors if necessary .
“ If the court starts to at least look into the issue , Kim Jong
Il will start realizing that he can face consequences , ” Do said .
“ There are also people within North Korea that are against the leadership .
We ’re trying to send them a message . ”
by Neil Robertson
Is it still committing heresy to link favourably to right wing Tory MEP Daniel Hannan ?
Ah well , I was never going to be invited to the Cool Kids ’ table anyway :
The decision by Swiss voters to outlaw the construction of minarets strikes me as regrettable on three grounds .
First , it is at odds with that other guiding Swiss principle , localism : issues of this kind ought surely to be settled town by town , or at least canton by canton , not by a national ban .
Second , it is disproportionate .
There may be arguments against the erection of a particular minaret by a particular mosque – but to drag a constitutional amendment into the field of planning law is using a pneumatic drill to crack a nut .
Third , it suggests that Western democracies have a problem , not with jihadi fruitcakes , but with Muslims per se – which is , of course , precisely the argument of the jihadi fruitcakes .
Hannan ’s last point is surely the most important .
Whilst there may have been a few Swiss voters who voted for the ban solely out of aesthetic antipathy , I suspect they were somewhat outnumbered by people who voted because they are suspicious , wary or even scared of their Muslim countrymen .
If a number of amateur bloggers can speculate that fear of Muslims led to this vote , you can be pretty sure that Swiss Muslims have gotten the message , too .
And therein lies the problem ; othering often leads to more marginalisation , segregation , exclusion , distrust and bitterness than existed before .
Those are pretty ripe conditions for political and religious extremism to fester , and so the proponents of the ban are actually succeeding in compounding a problem they supposedly wish to reduce .
So they ’re either dishonest or deeply daft .
I ’m not going to claim that there ’s some silver bullet for achieving greater social & cultural integration , and I ’m not going to pass myself off as any kind of expert about extinguishing militant theism .
But I do know that neither of those aims are going to be achieved by winning small - minded & petty restrictions on what religious buildings look like .
GOVERNMENT CAMP --
Searchers found the body Saturday of a missing 26 - year - old climber in a treacherous area near the 9,000 - foot level of Mount Hood , and two others remain missing after failing to return from a climb Friday .
The Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office said Saturday night that Luke T. Gullberg of Des Moines , Wash . , was found dead about 10 a.m. on Reid Glacier .
Gullberg 's body was taken off the mountain , said Jim Strovink , spokesman for the sheriff 's office .
The Clackamas County deputy medical examiner is expected to conduct a forensic examination soon .
The other missing climbers were identified as Kattie Nolan , 29 , of Southeast Portland and Anthony Vietti , 24 , of Longview , Wash .
The search for them was to resume Sunday morning .
Rocky Henderson , a veteran climber and Portland Mountain Rescue volunteer , said the search could drag on for days because of horrendous weather , avalanche danger and the steepness of the terrain .
" This is a sad one , " he said .
Rescuers recovered a camera " that had pictures in it that appeared to have been taken shortly before something bad happened , " Henderson said .
" We have a good idea where they may be , but getting there is not going to be easy . "
The three climbers were expected back at 2 p.m.
Friday but had n't reported in .
Saturday 's search concentrated on Reid Glacier .
It ranges in elevation from about 6,000 feet to 9,800 feet , and the upper region is known for crevasses .
Searchers returned to Timberline 's Wy'east Day Lodge about 4:30 p.m. as dusk fell .
Conditions Saturday for the 30 searchers , mostly with Portland Mountain Rescue , were " icy and treacherous , " Strovink said .
A Portland Mountain Rescue team found several pieces of climbing gear at about the 9,000 - foot level of Reid Glacier in the morning , said Marty Johnson , rescue leader for the team that made the discovery .
Gullberg 's body was found shortly after .
The climb ranges in steepness from 55 to 60 degrees , Johnson said .
Among the items found was a climbing harness , a piece of equipment that has several redundant safety features to prevent removal .
Nevertheless , it 's possible the harness could have come off in a fall , Johnson said .
A climbing helmet and water bottle also were among the items discovered in two separate , distinct areas , Johnson said .
" There is not a straight fall line , " he said .
Rescuers do n't think the climbers were carrying a climbing shovel , said Erik Broms , also a rescue leader .
A shovel would be a valuable piece of equipment to dig an emergency snow cave .
Johnson said the Reid Glacier area is treacherous for rescuers , with several gullies , rock buttresses and arêtes .
Rescuers were expected to assess conditions early this morning for a continued search .
Avalanche was a growing danger with snow accumulating quickly at higher elevations , Johnson said .
Gullberg is thought to have been the most experienced of the three climbers , Broms said .
A relative told rescuers that Gullberg has summited Mount Hood six times before .
Henderson said Gullberg survived the initial fall , as shown by tracks where he either walked or crawled several hundred yards .
Avalanche danger remains high , Henderson said , because of wind - loaded cornices .
At least one rescue team had to turn back because of unsafe conditions .
Although temperatures were fairly moderate as the mountain goes , they were expected to drop into the teens overnight and continue dropping today .
Winds are expected to gust to 35 mph , with limited visibility and wind chills well below zero .
Fellow mountaineer and longtime Portland Mountain Rescue veteran Steve Rollins said searchers were frustrated by the incompleteness of the information provided by the three climbers on the climbing register .
A prominent feature on the mountain known as the " Hogsback " was identified by the climbers as the " Dogsback . "
Some of the other information was scribbled in apparent haste , he said .
Friends of the climbers gave Rollins conflicting information on what route the three intended to take .
" It 's frustrating because instead of having one place to look , we have many places , " Rollins said .
Henderson said the trio wound up taking the more difficult of two routes .
The climbers ' registration form left in an outer room of the Wy'east Day Lodge , the building adjacent to Timberline Lodge , indicated the group planned to ascend a route up Reid Glacier .
Climbers are required to fill out the two - sided registration form as well as a wilderness permit .
In addition to climbers ' names and other identifying information , the registration form asks for information about time of registration , planned return date and time , and a date and time for a section titled " Equipped to stay out until . "
Asked whether the climbers had emergency shelters called bivy sacks , snow shovels and other emergency climbing gear , as well as the skill to dig a snow cave , Strovink said , " they 're experienced . "
He said he based that assessment on information gathered from friends and family .
Strovink said an earlier report that the climbers sent a text message probably was erroneous .
Instead , a " ping " from one of the climbers ' cell phones was detected as having been made about 1:30 a.m. Friday .
A family friend reported the climbers missing to the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office about 2 p.m. Search and rescue operations started about 8 or 9 p.m. Friday , Strovink said .
A car driven by at least one of the climbers was in the parking lot .
It has Washington license plates .
On the dashboard is a book , " Selected Climbs of the Cascades , Volume 1 . "
Strovink also said the climbers had not rented an emergency locator beacon that would indicate their location for searchers .
He said the rental costs $ 5 .
Including Gullberg , at least 18 people have died on the mountain in the past decade .
Three experienced climbers died on a December hiking trip in 2006 after ascending the mountain 's north face near Cooper Spur .
After reaching the summit , the three -- Brian Hall , 37 , and Kelly James , 48 , both of Dallas , Texas ; and Jerry " Nikko " Cooke , 36 , of New York City -- spent the night in a snow cave .
The next day , Hall and Cooke left James , who was injured , in the cave and set out for help .
Friends reported them missing after they failed to reach Timberline Lodge .
Bad weather stymied the search .
James ' body was found in the snow cave and removed from the mountain .
Hall and Cooke have not been found .
In July 2008 , Dr. Gary Lee , a 55 - year - old cancer specialist from Eugene , died after a watermelon - size boulder struck him in the head as he descended the Cooper Spur route with his son .
Lee , who had summited Mount Hood more than 40 times , was not wearing a helmet .
Another experienced mountaineer , Brooke Elyse Colvin , 31 , died in January when a basketball - size chunk of ice hit her in the face and she fell 400 feet near the 10,000 - foot level .
-- Stuart Tomlinson , Suzanne Pardington and Lisa Grace Lednicer contributed to this report .
Police Video Shows Newlywed Dalia Dippolito Arranging for Hit on Husband Dalia Dippolito is charged with trying to have her husband of six months killed .
Nov. 18 , 2009  --
Newly released video of the Boynton Beach , Fla. , woman charged with paying to have her husband killed shows the suspect , Dalia Dippolito , making arrangements with an undercover police officer posing as a killer for hire .
On the tape , the 26 - year - old can be seen showing the supposed hit man pictures of her 38 - year - old husband , Michael , explaining the alarm system in the newlywed couple 's home and agreeing on a price .
Boynton Beach police have charged Dalia Dippolito with solicitation to commit first - degree murder -- a charge she denies .
" I did n't do anything , and I did n't plot anything , " Dippolito , who according to the Palm Beach Post is a professional escort , said as police were arresting her in August .
But in court documents authorities claim the woman had actually tried twice before to kill her husband of six months .
Last July , she allegedly put anti-freeze in his Starbucks tea , according to the documents .
And she reportedly was unsuccessful when she tried to put a hit out on him before .
Dippolito 's August arrest came about as a result of a police sting operation .
Police started an investigation July 31 after a tipster informed them that the woman was trying to have her husband killed .
An undercover police officer posing as a hit man met with Dippolito .
Police taped the meetings .
According to the affidavit , Dippolito provided the police informant with her husband 's daily schedule and $ 1,200 for the purchase of a gun to be used in the crime .
She then asked if it was a " solid deal " and said she did n't want any excuses for why the crime would n't happen .
At the faked crime scene , Dippolito sobbed , appearing inconsolable with grief .
But Michael Dippolito was n't dead ; he was hidden away as investigators showed his wife a fake crime scene before arresting her .
Wife Denies Knowledge of ' Hit Man ' Plot
Following the fake murder , police brought Dippolito to the department for questioning as a witness .
In tape of the proceedings , police asked her whether she knew anyone who would want to kill her spouse .
They also asked her if she would n't want to have him killed .
" No , " she replied , denying that there were any kinds of problems in the relationship .
" We are fine ; there 's like nothing . "
Even after detectives surprised her with a face - to - face meeting with the alleged hit man , Dippolito denied the allegations against her .
She was also brought face - to - face with her husband , and reacted with shock .
" Oh my God , oh my God !
Come here please .
Mike , come here , " she can be heard saying .
Her husband replied : " I heard you . "
Police : Wife Was ' Cool and Confident '
According to authorities , Dippolito met with the would - be hit man at a gas station Aug. 3 and allegedly agreed to pay $ 3,000 after the job was completed .
She even offered to get her hair done to create an alibi , police said .
When asked if she was sure she wanted her husband killed , the affidavit said Dippolito laughed before saying , " I will be very happy . "
" She was very cool and confident , " police Sgt. Frank Ranzie said .
" She said , ' When I set my mind to something I do it , and I am 5,000 percent sure I want this done . ' "
Husband Stunned by Allegations '
Michael Dippolito was surprised when police knocked at his door Aug. 5 to tell him some stunning news .
" They said , ' Come with me immediately .
Your wife 's trying to have you killed , ' " he said .
The hitman was allegedly scheduled to murder Michael Dippolito that day , so police set up a fake crime scene and kept him hidden .
Authorities called his wife while she was at the gym and told her to come home immediately .
When she arrived , she received the news that her husband was dead .
Her emotional response to the revelation secretly amused some officers .
" It was hard to keep a straight face , " Ranzie said .
" Amid all that tremors and shaking of the body , there were n't any real tears coming out of her eyes . "
Michael Dippolito has said he did n't know why his young bride would want to kill him but acknowledged strange things started happening after the pair married .
" It took a little while to resonate , " he said .
" There 's a lot of funny business going on with her for a long time -- unexplained money and things and it just makes a lot of sense . "
He said cash he gave his wife for bills would go missing , and he got notes left on his truck demanding money .
He has said the experience and allegations are surreal .
" It 's like a movie , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An albino hedgehog being cared for at St Tiggywinkles wildlife hospital in Buckinghamshire is being put on a diet because he is dangerously overweight .
Snowball , as he has been nicknamed by staff , needs to lose two pounds to get down to a healthy weight .
He is now being put through a rigorous exercise regime , as Claire Price reports .
When I found out tracking numbers were now being released to the receivers , I found out that my package was going to arrive within a few hours .
Of course I spend the whole day waiting and the only time I DON'T hear the delivery guy knock , is when he leaves the package .
The only reason I knew the package was here is because UPS said it was delivered to " FRT DOOR "
Looking at the box very excitedly , I notice that it mentions an iPhone on the shipping label .
Could it be ?!
I thought .
To my surprise , and to my joy , it was indeed an iPhone .
It is an 8 GB 2G iPhone .
edarotag mentioned that the screen was cracked however , everything works perfectly , even in the areas where the screen is cracked .
I could n't have asked for anything better , this was totally unexpected and VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY appreciated .
I LOVE YOU
World 's shortest explanation of Gödel 's theorem
A while back I started writing up an article titled " World 's shortest explanation of Gödel 's theorem " .
But I did n't finish it , and later I encountered Raymond Smullyan 's version , which is much shorter anyway .
So here , shamelessly stolen from Smullyan , is the World 's shortest explanation of Gödel 's theorem .
We have some sort of machine that prints out statements in some sort of language .
It need n't be a statement - printing machine exactly ; it could be some sort of technique for taking statements and deciding if they are true .
But let 's think of it as a machine that prints out statements .
In particular , some of the statements that the machine might ( or might not ) print look like these : P* x ( which means that the machine will print x ) NP * x ( which means that the machine will never print x ) PR * x ( which means that the machine will print xx ) NPR * x ( which means that the machine will never print xx )
For example , NPR * FOO means that the machine will never print FOOFOO .
NP *FOOFOO means the same thing .
So far , so good .
Now , let 's consider the statement NPR * NPR * .
This statement asserts that the machine will never print NPR * NPR * .
Either the machine prints NPR * NPR * , or it never prints NPR * NPR * .
If the machine prints NPR * NPR * , it has printed a false statement .
But if the machine never prints NPR * NPR * , then NPR * NPR * is a true statement that the machine never prints .
So either the machine sometimes prints false statements , or there are true statements that it never prints .
So any machine that prints only true statements must fail to print some true statements .
Or conversely , any machine that prints every possible true statement must print some false statements too .
Order
5000 B.C. and Other Philosophical Fantasies
from Powell 's NPR * NPR * ; the trick is to find some way to express NPR * NPR * as a statement about arithmetic , and most of the technical details ( and cleverness ! ) of Gödel 's theorem are concerned with this trick .
But once the trick is done , the argument can be applied to any machine or other method for producing statements about arithmetic .
The conclusion then translates directly : any machine or method that produces statements about arithmetic either sometimes produces false statements , or else there are true statements about arithmetic that it never produces .
Because if it produces something like NPR * NPR * then it is wrong , but if it fails to produce NPR * NPR * , then that is a true statement that it has failed to produce .
So any machine or other method that produces only true statements about arithmetic must fail to produce some true statements .
Hope this helps !
( This explanation appears in Smullyan 's book 5000 BC and Other Philosophical Fantasies , chapter 3 , section 65 , which is where I saw it .
He discusses it at considerable length in Chapter 16 of The Lady or the Tiger ? , " Machines that Talk About Themselves " .
It also appears in The Mystery of Scheherezade . )
I gratefully acknowledge Charles Colht for his generous donation to this blog .
[ Addendum 20091214 : Another article on the same topic . ] [ Addendum 20150403 : Reddit user cafe_anon has formalized this argument as a Coq proof . ] [ Addendum 20150406 : Reddit user TezlaKoil has formalized this argument as an Agda proof .
( Unformatted version ) ]
[ Other articles in category / math ] permanent link
" Pray for Obama . "
A kind and generous statement .
Or is it ?
A crop of bumper stickers and T - shirts emblazoned with that call to prayer for the president have appeared for sale recently online through make - it - yourself outlets such as Zazzle.com and CafePress.com .
And most of the " Pray for Obama " slogans are accompanied by a scripture reference : " Psalm 109:8 . "
In the New International Version translations , that verse reads ;
May his days be few ; may another take his place of leadership .
Aha !
So , they 're praying for Obama 's tenure to be a short one .
Fair enough .
But what does that really mean ?
A clue may be in the verses of the 109th Psalm that follow verse 8 :
May his children be fatherless and his wife a widow .
May his children be wandering beggars ; may they be driven from their ruined homes .
May a creditor seize all he has ; may strangers plunder the fruits of his labor .
May no one extend kindness to him or take pity on his fatherless children .
May his descendants be cut off , their names blotted out from the next generation .
May the iniquity of his fathers be remembered before the Lord ; may the sin of his mother never be blotted out .
May their sins always remain before the Lord , that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth .
In that context , are these folks actually urging us to pray for Obama 's death ?
( The crashing sound you just heard may have been Jesus hurling his stapler across the office in frustration . )
The Christian Science Monitor examined the latest anti-Obama sloganeering and asked , " Use of Psalm 109:8 funny or sinister ? "
The Monitor piece continued :
The slogan comes at a time of heightened concern about anti-government anger .
Earlier this year , the president 's senior adviser , David Axelrod , said that Tea Parties could lead to something unhealthy .
In September , authorities shut down a poll on Facebook asking if President Obama should be killed .
Still , that does n't push the Psalms citation into the realm of hate speech , says Chris Hansen , a staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) .
The use of Psalm 109:8 is ambiguous as to whether its users are calling for the President to serve " only one term , or less than one term , " he says .
Whether it 's clever , funny or downright dangerous is a matter of opinion .
Clearly , though , it 's certainly not very nice .
There are " Pray for Obama " slogan products that bear an alternative scripture reference : 1 Timothy 2:1 - 2 , which reads in the NIV :
I urge , then , first of all , that requests , prayers , intercession and thanksgiving be made for everyone
For kings and all those in authority , that we may live peaceful and quiet lives in all godliness and holiness .
Do you pray for Obama ?
If so , what do you pray , and how ?
-- By Cathleen Falsani , Special for USA TODAY
Kath Brice Friday 18th December 2009
Share this article Share
Companies in this article Sony Computer Entertainment Europe
PlayStation
Home now has more than 10 million users , Sony has revealed .
It announced the figure alongside three new Home spaces themed on Uncharted 2 , Ratchet and Clank : A Crack in Time and MotorStorm .
According to Sony , a Home game space should now be a paramount part of the marketing strategy for any new game .
" PlayStation Home is fast becoming the meeting place of choice between users and developers , " said Dan Hill , European Home business manager at SCEE .
" Every new game space enhances the overall experience for consumers , offering more variety , more choice and more enjoyment from a PlayStation Home session .
The more game spaces there are , the better it gets , and the number of spaces keeps on growing .
" For developers , there 's no better way of driving interest in their titles than giving fans a hands - on , interactive experience based around the game itself .
A game space in PlayStation Home ought to be a core element of every studio's marketing strategy for new titles . "
This week Sony also launched Sodium One , Home 's first microtransaction based MMO , which introduces mini-games , purchasable virtual items and socialising areas such as a bar to users .
Company files case against owner of marijuana domain names .
Altria Group , the parent company of tobacco company Philip Morris USA , has filed an arbitration proceeding to get the domain names AltriaMarijuana.com and AltriaCannabis.com .
Is the company getting ready for the day pot becomes legal ?
Perhaps , but the company is probably more concerned about the content on the web sites .
Both sites invite visitors to “ Fight Against the Legalization of Marijuana ” and ridicule tobacco companies as beneficiaries of legalization of the drug .
After explaining a number of bills that have been passed or introduced to legalize marijuana , the sites proclaim :
Greater than the sum of all these fears is the premonition that , when made legal , “ big business , ” especially those “ big businesses ” that profit from poisoning our society and the destroying our youth with tobacco and alcohol , will engage in and ultimately control this “ multi- billion dollar ” industry , furthering the decline and destruction of America at a unfathomable rate .
Thus it is the mission of this website to fight the legalization and usage of marijuana / cannabis and all other intoxicating , addicting , and illicit substances .
The domain names are registered to a person in Washington , D.C. , but the contact email address is for an IT / hosting company .
The web sites do not identify who is behind them .
The negative spiritual and intellectual consequence of believing two mutually exclusive concepts is " cognitive dissonance . "
Our interaction as a society with Islam is a direct cause of cognitive dissonance , for us as individuals and as a culture .
Resolution of the contradiction requires the rejection of one of the concepts .
If we continue to ignore our cognitive dissonance about Islam , the consequences will be dire : we will lose our civilization .
Islam is much more than a religion ; it is a complete civilization that includes politics ( caliphate ) , jurisprudence ( Sharia law ) , war ( jihad ) , and a deliberately misleading " religion of peace . "
The doctrine of Islam is found in three books : Koran ( the literal word of Allah as " revealed " to Mohammed ) , Sira ( Mohammad 's biography ) , and Hadith ( stories about and sayings of Mohammed as reported by contemporaries ) .
The definitive text of Sharia law is " Reliance of the Traveller . "
Allah and Mohammed are to be obeyed , not questioned .
" Islam " means " submission " ; a Muslim is " one who submits . " " Islam " does not mean " peace . "
Say : Obey Allah and the Apostle ; but if they turn back , then surely Allah does not love the unbelievers .
( Koran , 3:32 )
O you who believe !
Obey Allah and His Apostle and do not turn back from Him while you hear .
( Koran , 8:20 )
O you who believe !
fight those of the unbelievers who are near to you and let them find in you hardness ; and know that Allah is with those who guard ( against evil ) .
( Koran , 9:123 )
The purpose of the Islamic doctrine is the destruction of all cultures not Islamic and the expansion of Islam and Shariah law throughout the world .
O Prophet ! strive hard against the unbelievers and the hypocrites , and be hard against them ; and their abode is hell ; and evil is the resort .
( Koran , 66:9 )
Saed had been right about taking prisoners after the battle : take no prisoners until Islam has made all submit .
They were to forget the ransom and the money , Mohammed said , because submission of the non-believers was all that mattered .
( Sira : Ishaq :484 - Mohammed and the Unbelievers : A Political Life , Center for the Study of Political Islam , 2006 , p.71 )
And fight with them until there is no persecution , and religion should be only for Allah , but if they desist , then there should be no hostility except against the oppressors .
( Koran , 2:193 )
It is difficult for many to accept that such an ideology can be real and that people kill and die for it ; we see the truth of Islam in word and deed but pretend that it is not so .
According to Sharia law ( Islamic law ) Islam abrogates , that is " cancels , " all other religions .
Previously revealed religions were valid in their own eras , as is attested to by many verses of the Holy Koran , but were abrogated by the universal message of Islam as is equally attested to by many verses of the Koran .
...
It is unbelief ( kufr ) to hold that the remnant cults now bearing the names of formerly valid religions , such as " Christianity " or " Judaism , " are acceptable to Allah Most High after He has sent the final Messenger ( Allah bless him and give him peace ) to the entire world .
( Reliance of the Traveller , w4.0 [ 2 ] )
Our national cognitive dissonance began immediately after 9/11 , when President George Bush visited the Islamic Center of Washington on September 17 , 2001 , and said , " Islam is peace . "
President Obama has reiterated this misperception of Islam specifically in his recent speech of apology in Cairo to the " Muslim World . "
The contradiction of Islam upon which our cognitive dissonance is based is this : Islam is benevolent and peaceful , and Islam is violent and hostile .
Both positions can not be true .
Fight those who believe not in Allah nor the Last Day , nor hold that forbidden which hath been forbidden by Allah and His Messenger , nor acknowledge the religion of Truth , ( even if they are ) of the People of the Book , until they pay the Jizya with willing submission , and feel themselves subdued .
( Koran : 9:29 )
You will find others who desire that they should be safe from you and secure from their own people ; as often as they are sent back to the mischief they get thrown into it headlong ; therefore if they do not withdraw from you , and ( do not ) offer you peace and restrain their hands , then seize them and kill them wherever you find them ; and against these We have given you a clear authority .
( Koran , 4:91 )
Narrated Abu Huraira : Allah 's Apostle said , " I have been ordered to fight with the people till they say , ' None has the right to be worshipped but Allah , ' and whoever says , ' None has the right to be worshipped but Allah , ' his life and property will be saved by me except for Islamic law , and his accounts will be with Allah , ( either to punish him or to forgive him . ) "
( Bukhari , Hadith , Volume 4 , Book 52 , Number 196 )
The majority of the doctrine of Islam is about how Muslims are to interact with non-Muslims ; it is essentially about the rest of us .
Statistical analysis of the doctrine of Islam by Dr. Bill Warner of the Center for the Study of Political Islam is enlightening :
62 % of Koran is devoted to how Islam interacts with the kafir ( the unbeliever ) .
98 % of the Sira is devoted to the struggle against kafirs .
( 70 % is jihad ; 28 % is argument and insults . )
20 % of Bukhari Hadith is devoted to jihad .
The evidence to resolve our societal cognitive dissonance about Islam is readily available and painfully obvious .
Lo ! those who disbelieve , among the People of the Scripture and the idolaters , will abide in fire of hell .
They are the worst of created beings .
( Koran , 98:6 )
Islamist mass murderers and terrorists / jihadists are not " hijackers " or " misunderstanders " of Islam ; they are the devout followers of a political ideology that is hostile to our existence because we are not Muslims .
We will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve , because they set up with Allah that for which He has sent down no authority , and their abode is the fire , and evil is the abode of the unjust .
( Koran , 3:151 )
Then , when the sacred months have passed , slay the idolaters wherever ye find them , and take them ( captive ) , and besiege them , and prepare for them each ambush .
But if they repent and establish worship and pay the poor - due ( jizya tax ) , then leave their way free .
Lo ! Allah is Forgiving , Merciful .
( Koran , 9:5 )
The Council on American Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) which is under a cloud of suspicion ( see " Muslim Mafia " by P. David Gaubatz and Paul Sperry ) has been the leading espouser of Islamic " understanding " in America .
CAIR 's mission statement that it is " to be a leading advocate for justice and mutual understanding " is not , according to their founder , their true purpose .
Narrated Abu Huraira : The Prophet said , " Khosrau will be ruined , and there will be no Khosrau after him , and Caesar will surely be ruined and there will be no Caesar after him , and you will spend their treasures in Allah 's Cause . "
He called , ‘ War is deceit ' .
( Bukhari , Hadith , Volume 4 , Book 52 , Number 267 )
CAIR 's founder , Omar Ahmad , said in 1998 that " Islam is n't in America to be equal to any other faith , but to become dominant .
The Koran ... should be the highest authority in America , and Islam the only accepted religion on earth . "
( San Ramon , CA. , Valley Herald , 7/04/1998 . )
So obey not the disbelievers , but strive against them herewith with a great endeavour .
( Koran , 25:52 )
If our culture and society are to survive , we must accept the truth of the world and of Islam whether or not we prefer it .
Warfare is ordained for you , though it is hateful unto you ; but it may happen that ye hate a thing which is good for you , and it may happen that ye love a thing which is bad for you .
Allah knoweth , ye know not .
( Koran , 2:216 )
Our cognitive dissonance will be resolved only with honesty and knowledge .
Islam is not a " religion of peace . "
If we are unsuccessful in resolving the cognitive dissonance which results from our confused view of Islam , we will lose our civilization .
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is probing a computer - security breach targeting Citigroup Inc. that resulted in a theft of tens of millions of dollars by computer hackers who appear linked to a Russian cyber gang , according to government officials .
The attack took aim at Citigroup 's Citibank subsidiary , which includes its North American retail bank and other businesses .
It could n't be learned whether the thieves gained access to Citibank 's systems directly or through third parties .
The ...
Faster higher stronger was China 's Olympic promise
When the Olympics hosted by Beijing ended , a collector snapped up the 5,000 condoms left over from the 100,000 distributed free to athletes .
The collection has now been put up for a one - off auction , with a starting price of one yuan ( $ 0.15 ; £ 0.08 ) each .
Each condom wrapper carries the motto of the Beijing Games - faster , higher , stronger - in English and Chinese .
The sale will also feature other Olympics memorabilia , the China Daily newspaper reported .
Shy bidders
The entire lot of 5,000 must be purchased by one buyer at the Exceptional Auction of China Sport Collection on 29 November .
" The move is to grab more attention from the public to promote the awareness of safe sex and the prevention of HIV / Aids , " said Guo Lei of the Sport Collection of China Collector Association , the auction 's host .
Condoms have been handed out to Olympic athletes since Barcelona hosted the Games in 1992 .
Some potential buyers might be reluctant to bid for the condoms but being married might help , said Mr Guo .
" Although anyone married should be interested for their practical use , some people will be too shy to bid for the condoms , " the paper quoted him as saying .
The owner of the condoms , sport memorabilia collector Zhao Xiaokai , is also selling a torch autographed by Brazilian football legend Pele and a Chinese medicine case from the 1936 Games .
George Michael , a television sports reporter whose Sunday night show , “ The George Michael Sports Machine , ” was the first nationally syndicated sports show to make liberal use of highlight films , died Thursday in Washington .
He was 70 and lived in Comus , Md .
The cause was chronic lymphocytic leukemia , his wife , Pat Lackman , said .
Mr. Michael was sports director and sports anchor of WRC - TV , the NBC affiliate in Washington , for 27 years .
He was known as a hard - working reporter  he covered a wide range of sports events , from the Super Bowl to rodeo  but also as a large personality , a bravado interviewer and an irreverent commentator .
Those qualities , as well as his belief , in the words of his wife , that “ on TV , the tape is the star , ” anticipated what much of television sports reporting has become , especially as presented on ESPN .
“ SportsCenter , ” ESPN ’s news and highlights show , made its debut as a daily program in 1979 ( it now airs several times a day ) , but it has made many format changes over the years and was clearly influenced by “ The Sports Machine , ” which went national in 1984 .
As Steve Levy , an anchor for “ SportsCenter , ” told The Washington Post in 2007 , “ For me , ‘ The Sports Machine ’ really was ‘ SportsCenter ’ before ‘ SportsCenter . ’ ”
Moa birds .
Dinornis giganteus , Height 12 feet .
D. ( Pachyornis ) elephantopus , a smaller species . " .
Hunting Moa birds from Extinct Monsters : A popular account of some of the larger forms of ancient animal life 1892 .
Image credit : Wikimedia Commons
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The evolutionary history of New Zealand 's many extinct flightless moa has been re-written in the first comprehensive study of more than 260 sub - fossil specimens to combine all known genetic , anatomical , geological and ecological information about the unique bird lineage .
That lineage ended only about 600 years ago after a journey through time that most likely began about 80 million years earlier on the prehistoric supercontinent of Gondwana , according to the study published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences by an international team of researchers .
Found on the south and north islands of New Zealand , the evolutionary history and relationships between the moa species has long been subject to scientific debate , with past studies suggesting that up to 64 species existed with as many as 20 generic groups .
The new study found that moas should be grouped into only three families , six genera and it reduced the number of species to nine .
The most recent species were relatively modern , evolving in the South Island only after the uplift of the Southern Alps between 5 and 8.5 million years ago .
Periodical land bridges , created by geological events and sea - level changes , allowed some of these species to cross over to the North Island .
The many species of moa are thought to have descended from a common ancestor of other large living flightless birds that evolved on separate southern landmasses when Gondwana broke up : the ostrich in Africa ; the emu and cassowary in Australia ; the rhea in South America ; and New Zealand 's kiwi .
Another presumed relative was the extinct giant elephant bird in Madagascar .
New Zealand broke away from Gondwana at least 60 million years ago and a wide variety of moas subsequently evolved there , ranging in size from a large turkey to the three - metre tall Dinornis , which weighed up to 300 kg .
Maori people are known to have killed large numbers of birds for their meat , eggs and feathers - moa is a Polynesian word for chicken - after they arrived on the islands about 1,000 years ago .
All the nine living species were gone within a few centuries .
The study also presents an important new geological / paleogeographical model , which suggests that land - dwelling animals on the North and South Island landmasses were isolated for most of the past 20 - 30 million years .
" The prolonged geographic isolation of New Zealand and the paucity of terrestrial mammals created a unique ecosystem dominated by an estimated 245 species of birds , providing an unparalleled opportunity to observe evolutionary processes , " says Dr Trevor Worthy , a palaeontologist from the UNSW School of Biological , Earth and Environmental Sciences , who was one of the 11 members of study team .
" Our study reveals that the patterns of genetic diversity within and between different moa groups reflect a complex history following a major drowning of the New Zealand landmass in the Oligocene [ 23 to 34 million years ago ] .
Their history was then affected by a series of marine barriers , tectonic activity and glacial cycles .
" We were surprised to discover just how recently many of the moa species - and probably many of the iconic New Zealand animals and plants - evolved in the South Island after the uplift of the Alps .
The Alps brought rain and allowed wet rainforests to develop in the west and generated a drier , warmer climate to the east , creating a mix of upland and lowland environments , wet and dry habitats and a variety of forest , shrubland , and grasslands . "
More information :
The evolutionary history of the extinct ratite moa and New Zealand Neogene paleogeography , PNAS .
Source : University of New South Wales ( news : web )
Explore further Scientists ' rebuild ' giant moa using ancient DNA
A while ago I named my first all grain beer Lightening Bolt in honour of Usain Bolt as I watched him break the 200 m world record while making it .
Soon after I made a stout which would be much more to Usain 's taste as I 'm told he 's a fan of Guinness Foreign Extra Stout .
Stephen , my brother in law is with Digicel in Jamaica and his wife is the Digicel sponsorship manager and looks after Usain Bolt 's sponsorship .
A plan was hatched to try get a bottle of my stout to Usain Bolt .
I relabeled it Lightening Bolt Stout and sent it back with Stephen .
The plan worked and he did indeed get the stout and while I was in Jamaica I got the photo .
Here 's the man himself , Usain Bolt , being presented with the stout by my lovely niece Asia .
Is n't that just the coolest photo ever ?
Well I think it is anyway .
I got a signed photo of him too so that will take pride of place .
Big up to Stephen , Shelly and Asia for arranging that !
It 's a great note to finish the year on .
Yet again having this blog has led to something really cool happening .
Since it 's the end of the year I want to say thanks to everyone who checks in here and reads about the goings on at Aranbrew .
I really love it when people read what I write and I love all your comments .
I hope you all have a great 2010 .
Next year the blog will probably move to a new host and the redesign should be coming soon .
I 'm also hoping to brew a bit more .
There 's also all sorts of crafty adventures planned involving knitting , spinning and dyeing .
Happy new year everyone !
Streams of electrically charged particles from the Sun and outer space are turning out to be major players in our solar system 's cosmic drama .
They help shape planetary atmospheres , sterilize exposed surfaces , and even bring possibly life - supporting oxygen to an icy Jovian moon .
In their latest act , solar protons ( the nuclei of hydrogen atoms ) allow our own supposedly arid moon to make enough water every day to offset evaporation and maintain trace amounts of moisture all over its surface .
Forget those bone dry textbook images .
In September , several research teams made the case for a damp moon in Science online .
A decade of data from several spacecraft showed water concentrations up to a liter per ton of lunar " soil " .
The European Space Agency ( ESA ) confirmed that finding with a study of its own announced last month .
That 's still pretty dry .
But MIT planetary scientist Benjamin Weiss says that , given it might be easy to recover the water , " I think this makes it a promising resource for astronauts . "
The water trick works like this .
Lunar " soil " is a loose mix of dust grains that soaks up protons in the so - called solar wind .
Trapped between the dust grains and absorbed , the solar protons react with the oxygen there to make water .
They continuously make enough to offset the water that evaporates back into space .
A European - supplied instrument on board India 's Chendrayaan - I craft now orbiting the Moon found the data to back up this scenario .
They also contained a surprise .
One in five of those incoming positively charged solar protons bounced back without joining the water project .
Instead , it picked up an electron , became electrically neutral , and escaped the grasp of the magnetic fields that guide the electrically charged solar wind .
Stas Barabash with the Swedish Institute of Space Physics says that 's something " we did n't expect to see . "
This potentially opens a whole new field of space observations – using the paths of electrically neutral hydrogen atoms such as light rays to form images .
Photons leaving the lunar surface fly away on straight paths unaffected by magnetic fields or lunar gravity .
Those paths ( light rays ) point directly back to their source .
ESA explained that the bounce - back hydrogen atoms also travel in straight lines unaffected by magnetic fields or weak lunar gravity .
Images of the surface can be made by tracing each atom back to its source .
Areas emitting the most hydrogen will show up the brightest .
Dr. Barabash and his team members are honing their skills at such image making .
Meanwhile , cosmic rays work some potentially life - sustaining molecular magic on Jupiter 's moon , Europa .
Scientists think its icy surface covers a vast ocean .
They also believe that cosmic particles undergo reactions in the surface ice to produce oxygen .
But it 's been hard to imagine how to get that oxygen through the ice into the water to support oxygen - breathing life .
Now Richard Greenberg from the University of Arizona in Tucson has shown it 's theoretically possible for processes that renew the surface ice to work fast enough to maintain ample oxygen in the covered over ocean .
Explaining his scheme at an American Astronomical Society meeting in Puerto Rico last month , he estimated there would be enough oxygen to support 3 billion kilograms of " macrofauna . "
Where would our solar system be without the subtle influence of those speeding interplanetary particles ?
Also check out :
Leonid meteor shower times :
When you should look skyward
Shuttle launch : Atlantis readies for liftoff
Dream of solar sailing in space lives on in new project
For the last couple of years , CAR magazine has challenged designers from major auto manufacturers to come up with designs that upgrade Santa ’s sleigh to the toy - delivery vehicle of tomorrow .
In 2008 , the likes of Bentley , Ford , Nissan and Rolls - Royce all delivered spectacular creations .
This year Vauxhall , Aston Martin , Jaguar , Audi and Land Rover came through with some crazy cool concepts .
Land Rover has created transportation for Kris Kringle that follows their brand aesthetic remarkably well .
The particle accelerator propulsion system is a nice touch and we dig the optional CRS ( Chimney Recognition Software ) technology .
But we ’re not sure how Santa is supposed to see over the big dome of the reindeer in front of him and it looks like every time the animal swivels its head , it would skewer ole Saint Nicholas , but these are just minor quibbles .
Jaguar modeled their design with a more aeronautical slant featuring twin - propellers mounted in a single column aft of the passenger compartment .
The whole thing almost looks like it ’s flying backward .
Of note is the Santa ’s Little Helper script painted on the side next to a femme fatale that must be the big man ’s mistress .
We ’re not sure how this thing is actually supposed to hover for drop - offs , except maybe completely vertical , but it would be damn fast .
We really like the special helmet for the Reindeer , which would make PETA proud , but again we question why it ’s riding shotgun .
The Audi rendition would make James Cameron furious , with no magic and no creativity .
They basically strapped a wooden sleigh to a roof - rack on an Audi S1 .
We ’re not sure how Santa is supposed to traverse the world in this diminutive speedster or have any gift storage capacity to get the job done .
He might be able to have a blast drifting down a single block but his run would definitely be short .
Aston Martin has created a sleek spaceship with clean lines and a nice aesthetic .
Despite the fact that it seems to be done in the spirit of a sketch on the wall of your local art college , you just know it ’s cool .
We ’d like to see a more polished version but beggars ca n’t be choosers .
The Vantage rear end and One - 77 rear lights seal the deal for us .
Vauxhall may have been a sleeper here but they came through in a big way .
Their design incorporates one of their automobiles as the cabin and works it into a fast moving aircraft that looks more than capable of taking care of business .
They also threw in some carbon - fiber wing struts which makes them solid in our book .
2008 CAR Magazine Sleigh Concepts from Nissan , Rolls - Royce , Ford and Bentley :
Source : Car Magazine
AIG had to be rescued in 2008 Regulators involved in the rescue of AIG may have overpaid other banks when cutting a deal , a report says .
The New York Fed paid AIG 's business partners face value for securities so they would cancel insurance - like contracts AIG had written .
But officials used a weak negotiating strategy , Special Inspector General Neil Barofsky 's report said .
AIG was initially bailed out for $ 85 bn ( £ 50 bn ) , but its total rescue package eventually amounted to over $ 180 bn .
The report criticised both the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the US Federal Reserve for failing to use their " considerable leverage " to force AIG 's counterparties to accept less than the full amount for the assets .
As a result , 16 banks , including Goldman Sachs , Deutsche Bank , Societe Generale and Royal Bank of Scotland , were paid more than $ 62bn .
The initial bail - out " was done with almost no independent consideration of the terms of the transaction or the impact that those terms might have on the future of AIG " , the report said .
It also criticised the New York Fed , chaired at the time by current Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , for insisting that all banks be treated equally in negotiations and for not treating US banks differently from foreign institutions .
' Extraordinary circumstances '
The New York Fed and Federal Reserve Board issued a joint letter to accompany the report .
" We believe that the Federal Reserve acted appropriately in conducting these negotiations and that our negotiating strategy , including the decision to treat all counterparties equally , was not flawed or unreasonably limited , " the letter said .
The Treasury Department said that the report overlooked " the central lesson " learned from the AIG rescue .
" The lesson is that the federal government needs better tools to deal with the impending failure of a large institution in extraordinary circumstances like those facing us last fall , " a Treasury spokeswoman said .
She also called for the approval of an Obama administration proposal for new powers to step in and shut such firms down .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Owner Arthur Duckett , 80 , who bought the white steer four years ago , said : '' He 's in very good health and there 's no reason why he wo n't keep on growing .
A Superior Court jury today watched a police videotape of Ashleigh Pechaluk confessing to murdering Dennis Hoy with an axe .
The jurors who acquitted her last June did not see the recording because she was n't properly advised of her rights to counsel and so it was ruled inadmissible , Crown attorney Tom Lissaman explained to the jury before rolling the videotape from Oct. 27 , 2006 .
In the statement , Pechaluk says several times that Nicola Puddicombe , Hoy 's girlfriend now on trial for the first - degree murder , was n't responsible .
" She did n't do it , " a tearful Pechaluk told two detectives in a police interview room .
" I did it . "
Jurors listened intently as the videotape was played on monitors while Pechaluk , who has been on the stand testifying for five days , sat rigid as she watched the recording on a monitor beside her .
Afterward , Lissaman asked her to explain the contradiction between what she said to officers that evening and her categorical denials of any involvement since then .
Pechaluk said repeatedly she lied to police that night when she said she was to blame .
" I did it to protect her , " she said several times .
Earlier Friday , Pechaluk testified that she first learned Hoy was dead when his girlfriend came pounding on the door of her bedroom early on Oct. 27 , 2006 .
" I heard wake up , open up , and went to the door and it was Nikki , " Pechaluk told the court .
" She ( Puddicombe ) said , ` Dennis is dead we have to wake up Pat , ' " Pechaluk said .
Pat was Patrick Knowles , their roommate in the apartment on The Queensway near Royal York Road .
Puddicombe then walked down the hall to Knowles ' room , followed by Pechaluk who said she was in a state of " complete confusion " after being woken up and still high from a joint she smoked before falling asleep .
After rousing Knowles from sleep , the three went into his bedroom where he pushed furniture in front of the door fearing an intruder was still in the apartment .
Puddicombe called 911 and told the operator that after taking a shower she returned to her bedroom and found her boyfriend , an axe on her bed and " blood all over the place . "
The Crown 's theory is that the two women , who were lovers , planned the murder and that it was Pechaluk who swung the axe , hitting Hoy at least six times as he lay naked and asleep in Puddicombe 's bed .
They did it for the twin motives of love and money from his life insurance policy , the prosecution alleges .
Pechaluk has already stood trial on first - degree murder charges but was acquitted by a different jury in June .
The Ontario Superior Court jury has already heard Pechaluk , 25 , testify that Puddicombe , now 36 , cooked up a plot to kill Hoy , her boyfriend of a decade who was mentally and physically abusive .
Pechaluk testified Puddicombe told her she would blame his slaying on the same person who had slashed his tires and say she was in the shower when it happened .
Pechaluk says Puddicombe urged her to do the killing because her " Catholic beliefs " prevented her from doing it and a couple of days before his murder shoved a romantic card underneath Pechaluk 's door , Puddicombe 's attempt to ratchet up the pressure , the witness told court .
After five days of questioning Pechaluk , Crown attorney Tom Lissaman asked Pechaluk point blank about her involvement .
" Did you have any participation ? " he asked .
" I did not . "
" Did you go into the room with an axe ? "
" No . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" Did you go downstairs and get the axe ? "
" No . "
The trial continues .
Judd Gregg says he 's worried that politicians on Capitol Hill are sacrificing the Fed 's historic independence .
Gregg : ' Political pandering ' on Fed
A top Senate Republican lashed out against lawmakers of both parties for supporting legislation that would audit the Federal Reserve , accusing the bipartisan group of “ political pandering ” to populist anger .
Sen . Judd Gregg , the top Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , says he ’s worried that politicians on Capitol Hill are sacrificing the Fed ’s historic independence because the Fed has become unpopular during the economic crisis .
Advertisement
“ This move to bring the Fed ’s conduct of monetary policy under the control of Congress is a grave threat to our economy .
Congress has demonstrated time and again its inability to manage the nation ’s fiscal policy , illustrated by our staggering national debt in excess of $ 12 trillion , so how can anyone think that its involvement in monetary policy would be good for the country , ” Gregg said in a statement .
But hometown anger over the billions in bailouts for big Wall Street firms , much of which came directly from the Fed , has lawmakers in both parties out for blood .
The original measure , sponsored by long - time Fed critic Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) , attracted 313 co-sponsors as of Friday , an incredible show of support for Paul ’s long running anti-Fed crusade , which has until recently been largely dismissed by the political establishment .
The House Financial Services Committee on Thursday passed , 43 - 26 , an amendment based on Paul ’s bill that would direct the Government Accountability Office to vastly expand the scope of its audits of the central bank to include , among other things , details on what banks get what money from the Fed .
While the underlying financial reform legislation would “ grant sweeping new powers to the Federal Reserve , at least with this amendment attached , it wo n’t be acting in secret anymore , ” Paul said in a statement after the vote .
“ This is a major victory for Federal Reserve transparency and government accountability . ”
Be a part of the daily political debate with PROJECT POLITICO powered by YouTube .
Click here to submit your video now and be featured on POLITICO.com .
To22 created something nearly perfect .
A continuous ring , delicately proportioned , beautifully polished and seemingly flawless .
There is only one tiny imperfection .
A speck , no larger than a piece of dust .
At a glance , it is barely noticeable .
Upon close examination , it appears intentional and more clearly defined .
Only magnification reveals the actual object set within the miniature interior .
It is a model of the known universe .
Inspired by the writing of Stephen Hawking and loosely based on the anthropic theory to22 puts our daily pursuits into perspective and reminds us that we are always a part of something bigger .
[ Source ]
Now you may be asking yourself ; how does that little vortex - looking spiral thingie represent the Universe ?
Refer to the diagram below for a timeline of the Big Bang and the creation of our Universe .
If you believe that sort of thing …
The Collaboration Kings
To22 is a joint design collaborative with the aim of provoking new ways of thinking .
To22 is more interested in contributing inspiration and awareness than in creating new objects .
Exploring a world of ideas and creating without hesitation , To22 is here to remind us that something wonderful can happen at any moment .
Designer Todd Bracher lives and works in London ; designer / filmmaker Efe Buluc resides in Istanbul ; and designer Mark Goetz is based in New York City .
The three meet only a couple of times a year in person and exchange the majority of their ideas via the Internet .
Contact : ( 212 ) 989-7607
info@to22.net
check out their site for more projects and design concepts .
I ’ve highlighted my favourites below .
Incredible work !
PROJECT : FILL
To make a martini you will need a glass , gin , some dry vermouth , and , of course , an olive .
While designing their unique martini glass , to22 decided to give greater importance to the olive .
“ The olive has become the signature element of a martini and , yet , it is treated almost as an afterthought . ”
The form simply developed from two conical elements with a hole in the middle .
“
At first , we want to present an elegant , symmetrical object which has no bottom or top .
It only becomes a glass when you plug the hole with an olive .
Now , all of the sudden , this little green item becomes very important .
After all , it is the olive that permits you to fill your glass . ”
PROJECT : UNBROKEN
We have all broken something by accident .
For most of us , the pieces go right into the trash .
But to22 saw broken pottery as a great design opportunity .
“ Most people see broken objects such as dishes as useless .
Instead we saw that something wonderful was revealed .
It ’s about a second life - and what better way to have these qualities noticed than by placing them right out in the open , in the middle of your life ?
Your dining table is the place where you converse , the place where you share and this design was created to be the centerpiece . ”
For some peculiar or devious reason , the unpopular and inept Labour government is , yet again extending its hugely wasteful , " voluntary " ID Cards / National Identity Register centralised biometric database scheme to the North West of England , but also encroaching on parts of Wales and Scotland
Were the Scottish Parliament , the Scottish Executive , the National Assembly for Wales and the Welsh Assembly Government consulted on this decision by the politicians and civil servants in Westminster ?
Presumably the " success criterion " , which they have used to give the go ahead for this next phase of the rollout of the scheme , is simply the fact that the citizens of Manchester have not actually bothered to rise up and burn down the local Identity and Passport Service offices .
They have , instead , by all accounts simply not been interested in submitting to this " voluntary " scheme , and the Government has resorted to unsubstantiated propaganda statements about how " useful " these ID cards are meant to be , without daring to provide any quantitative evidence of their " success " .
Even if the Manchester area ID Cards rollout had somehow been a huge success , it would still be too early to properly evaluate this as a pilot scheme after it had been running for only 15 days from the 30th of November 2009 .
However , on 15th December 2009 , Meg " I 've left my ID Card at home " Hillier , the hapless junior Home Office Minister , who has been lumbered with the task of pretending to believe in the the scheme , has signed another Order , which extends the Post Code Lottery to inflict the " voluntary " National Identity Scheme on the rest of the people in North West England from the 4th January 2010 .
Statutory Instruments 2009 No. 3323 ( C. 150 ) Identity Cards The Identity Cards Act 2006 ( Commencement No. 6 ) Order 2009 [..]
Commencement 2 . -- ( 1) Section 2 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , and section 5 ( 1 ) ( b ) , of the Identity Cards Act 2006 shall come into force on 4th January 2010 in relation to any person to whom paragraph ( 2 ) applies , except to the extent that those provisions are already in force in respect of such persons .
What is the rate determining steps , or the critical resources which are behind this staggered rollout of the " voluntary " National Identity Scheme ?
It cannot be Training of Travel Company Staff to recognise and accept what the new ID Cards look like , simply on the printed " look and feel " .
Without looking it up online , can you tell at a glance , which of the 3 colour schemes (
turquoise and green , blue and pink , lilac and salmon ) has been arbitrarily chosen for the 3 types of ID Card , ( identity card for British citizens , identification card for EU or EEA citizens living in the UK , Identity card for foreign nationals ) and whether or not they are valid for foreign travel ?
There is still no online Verification Service in operation for private sector companies to be able to actually check the biometrics or to check that the information on the contactless / RFID chip has not been tampered with or forged .
There are no Biometric Readers linked to the National identity Scheme anywhere except in the Home Office 's IT sub - contractor 's testing laboratories and , presumably , in the couple of ID card applicant interrogation centres .
The new ID Card Post Code Lottery will now cover these areas :
Book Hook Lesezeichen
Dieses Produkt finden Sie auf der Seite Connox Wohndesign Versand !
In an interview with talk show host Rusty Humphries , Sarah Palin threw her lot in with the " just asking questions about Obama 's birth certificate " nutters .
Transcript via Allahpundit , who asks : " I wonder if she realized when she said this that it 's going to follow her around . "
Well if not , she is hardly qualified to manage a fantasy baseball team , much less the government of the United States .
Would you make the birth certificate an issue if you ran ?
I think the public , rightfully , is still making it an issue .
I do n't have a problem with that .
I do n't know if I would have to bother to make it an issue ' cause I think there are enough members of the electorate who still want answers .
Do you think it 's a fair question to be looking at ?
I think it 's a fair question , just like I think past associations and past voting record — all of that is fair game .
You know , I 've got to tell you , too : I think our campaign , the McCain / Palin campaign did n't do a good enough job in that area .
We did n't call out Obama and some of his associates on their records and what their beliefs were and perhaps what their future plans were .
And I do n't think that that was fair to voters to not have done our jobs as candidates and as a campaign to bring to light a lot of the things that now we 're seeing made manifest in the administration .
I mean , truly , if your past is fair game and your kids are fair game , certainly Obama 's past should be .
I mean , we want to treat men and women equally , right ?
Hey , you know , that 's a great point , in that weird conspiracy - theory freaky thing that people talk about that Trig is n't my real son .
And a lot of people say , " Well you need to produce his birth certificate !
You need to prove that he 's your kid ! "
Which we have done .
But yeah , so maybe we could reverse that and use the same [ unintelligible ] - type thinking on them .
Katie Watson , a Google spokeswoman , declined to comment on the company ’s plans .
She referred reporters to a blog post published Saturday in which Google said that the new device was a “ mobile lab ” that would let employees test out new technologies .
Google employees who spoke on the condition of anonymity because plans for the phone were supposed to be confidential said that the device , manufactured by the Taiwanese company HTC , was thinner than Apple ’s iPhone , with a slightly larger touch screen .
It could be available as early as January , they said .
Employees say the phone will be sold unlocked , meaning that buyers will be able to choose a service provider , and will be based on G.S.M. technology , which is used by AT&T and T - Mobile in the United States and by most other carriers around the world .
It is named Nexus One , according to various reports and to digital traces that the phones have been leaving on Web sites .
Google had long insisted that it was not interested in building and selling phones , saying it preferred to rely on hardware partners and wireless carriers to market a wide variety of phones powered by Android , the operating system that it offers free .
In October , Andy Rubin , vice president of engineering for Android at Google , scoffed at the idea that the company would “ compete with its customers ” by releasing its own phone , according to the technology news service CNet .
Analysts say that the apparent shift signals a recognition by the company ’s executives that Google needs to take more control of its destiny in the wireless world .
Image
“ They perceive mobile as the next major opportunity , ” said Jeffrey Lindsay , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein .
“ It is too big a risk to drive the strategy through their partners .
They want more say and more control . ”
Sweet baby Jebus , my head hurts .
Make it go away .
People expect me to write about yesterday .
What the hell can I remember ?
Just after two , arrive at the ground and buy the most expensive scarf on the planet and gloves for a mate on the Eurostar .
Head for the pub .
‘ Pint of Guinness please ’ .
Mate texts .
‘ We ’re in the Italian ’ .
Off I go .
Pasta and a carafe of red wine .
“ My treat ‘ holic . ” Happy Christmas , indeed .
More Guinness .
Lots more Guinness , then off to ground .
Ladbrokes .
“ Still 7/1 for 3 - 0 ? ” .
The ‘ holic pound and a bunch of his mates are invested .
Find seat .
Forty - four minutes of drudgery follow .
We are not very good , and Hull are worse .
Hunt is late on Almunia .
Bennett lets him off .
“ Unusual to see that little bastard attempt to maim a ‘ keeper ” is the best line of a poor half until the Tigers goad us with “ You ’re rich , and you ’re miserable “ .
Very good .
Hunt involved in handbags on the stroke of half - time wakes the miserable ones .
Denilson floats it beautifully into the corner .
“ One nil to the Arsenal “ .
I ’ve seen empty seats behind the visitors bench .
I ’m going that way at half time , swigging from a flask of Grouse as I go .
Perfect , I ’m a few yards from the son of Allardyce .
Strangely though the crowd are letting him have a quiet time .
Then a passing breeze catches some twat in a yellow shirt and he stumbles .
What ?
Penalty ?
You ’re having a giraffe .
The orange one cavorts in front of us , punching the air and laughing .
He runs toward us , gloating .
Manuel saves .
He is back to his best today .
Time for retribution .
Thousands of voices fill the bitterly cold night air .
“ Stand up , if you hate Phil Brown “ .
More whisky .
We ’ve been longing for an Eduardo goal .
Diaby and Song set him up .
2 - 0 . “ Sacked in the morning , you ’re getting sacked in the morning . ”
Brownie ’s ears are warming up , despite the falling temperature .
More whisky .
“ Liar , liar what ’s the score , liar , what ’s the score ? “ .
It ’s relentless now , and massive fun .
Phil Dowd and the television people are even chuckling .
Diaby fires in a cracker .
That ’s the bet secure if the silly buggers do n’t score again .
“ Tango , Tango , what ’s the score , Tango , what ’s the score ? ”
There ’s a real danger we could add to three .
Theo and Aaron go very close .
I do n’t care about the money .
The crack is now fantastic .
“ You ’re not very brown , you ’re not very brown , you ’re not very , you ’re not very , you ’re not very brown ! “ .
The neutrals next to the Hull bench are in tears of laughter .
Then the evil henchman finally makes an appearance .
It ’s Alan Davies and his mates who spot him first .
“ Brian , wave to us Brian . ” Horton stares ahead , embarrassed .
“ Come on Brian , how about a duet with that orange twat ?
I wanna go ho - o - ome , this is the best trip , I ’ve ever been on ! ”
The game is forgotten .
With one eye on the clock , the best song of all .
“ Cesc in a minute , you ’re seeing Cesc in a minute . ”
Even the Hull bench turn round and giggle at that one .
The final whistle blows , Arsene races over to shake the hand of the vanquished .
That ’s another lie put to bed .
Join the queue at Ladbrokes .
Someone in front of me says we must all have read Goonerholic this morning .
I smile , but do n’t own up .
A fistful of dollars accompanies me back to the pub where several more Guinni hit the spot , and some fabulous people provide engaging company .
Back to the train .
More whisky .
Taxi .
Stumble through the door .
“ Good day , love ? ’
“ Magical , sweetheart , magical . ”
It ’s not been such a great day for everyone .
Text arrives from Eurostar mate .
‘ Just got to Ebbsfleet ’ .
Poor sod .
I ’ll keep the gloves until the United game !
Dirty Dozen Trailer
If you were n't already excited for Mass Effect 2 , you will be after seeing this amazing CG trailer .
Getting Started With Full Disk Encryption
Today , full - system encryption in software is feasible and practical .
Here 's how to get up and running using solutions from PGP , McAfee , Sophos , and open - source options TrueCrypt and DiskCryptor .
There was a time , not all that long ago , when a fully - encrypted system disk was something only for people with money to burn .
You bought a special disk controller which performed hardware - based encryption , and then trusted the hardware vendor to make sure everything was implemented properly -- e.g. , that they were using a good algorithm , that the key size for the encryption was n't laughably short , and so on .
Today , full - system encryption in software is both feasible and practical -- although how practical will depend on the workload involved .
But it 's not a security silver bullet , much as it might seem to be from the outside .
It can , and does , add a layer of protection that greatly reduces the risk of data compromise in the event hardware is lost or stolen .
But that protection depends entirely on how it 's implemented , and whether or not the user 's been educated in the way an encrypted system works .
How Disk Encryption Works
System - disk encryption , or full - disk encryption , involves encrypting the operating system partition on a computer and then booting and running with the system drive encrypted at all times .
If the computer is stolen or lost , all the data on the drive -- including the OS itself -- is unreadable without that volume 's key .
The data on the system can be considered a write - off without the need to remotely wipe the device .
When you boot an encrypted system , you need to provide a decryption key at boot time .
The key could be any number of different things -- a password ; a USB flash drive with the decryption key ; an RSA token - generating device ; a fingerprint in conjunction with a Trusted Platform Module ; or a combination of the above , in some variety of two - factor authentication .
For the most part , the only thing that changes for the end user is the boot process , and then only minimally .
If the key itself is lost or stolen , most full - disk encryption systems provide some form of key escrow .
This means a backup copy of the encryption key is held by the system administrator and can be used to recover the data on the system , and a new key can be generated without too much trouble .
Professional - grade products typically allow the key to be held in a central repository such as an LDAP or Active Directory schema .
( The lost key itself is useless without the data encrypted with it , so it can generally be written off if it goes missing . )
We welcome your comments on this topic on our social media channels , or [ contact us directly ] with questions about the site .
1 of 5
As of June 2008 , Nintendo has sold nearly 30 million Wii game consoles .
This significantly exceeds the number of Tablet PCs in use today according to even the most generous estimates of Tablet PC sales .
This makes the Wii Remote one of the most common computer input devices in the world .
It also happens to be one of the most sophisticated .
It contains a 1024x768 infrared camera with built - in hardware blob tracking of up to 4 points at 100 Hz .
This significantly out performs any PC " webcam " available today .
It also contains a +/-3g 8 - bit 3 - axis accelerometer also operating at 100 Hz and an expandsion port for even more capability .
These projects are an effort to explore and demonstrate applications that the millions of Wii Remotes in world readily support .
Any software on this page is primarily meant for developers and may not run without proper the development tools installed .
Downloading and installing this software is at your own risk , and no support or guarantee is provided with this software .
The official discussion forums for my wiimote projects can be found here : WiimoteProject.com
NOTE : For most of these projects , you do n't need the Nintendo Wii console .
You only need the Wii controller and a bluetooth connection .
Tracking Your Fingers with the Wiimote Using an LED array and some reflective tape , you can use the infrared camera in the Wii remote to track objects , like your fingers , in 2D space .
This lets you interact with your computer simply by waving your hands in the air similar to the interaction seen in the movie " Minority Report " .
The Wiimote can track upto 4 points simultaneously .
The multipoint grid software is a custom C# DirectX program .
Software
To run the grid program you see in the video :
1. First , follow this walkthrough on using the wiimote with C# .
You may need to download a copy of Visual C# Express to compile / run this sample if you do n't have it yet .
2. Download a copy of the DirectX SDK .
You may not need this to simply run the sample grid program , but you will need it if you want to make any changes to it .
3. Download the Wiimote Multipoint Grid sample program .
Make sure your wiimote is connected via bluetooth , and then run the " .exe " shortcut in the main folder .
A visit to this project 's FAQ and Advanced Discussion post may be very englightening .
You may also find the official discussion forums for my wiimote projects helpful : WiimoteProject.com
Head Tracking for Desktop VR
Displays using the Wii Remote Using the infrared camera in the Wii remote and a head mounted sensor bar ( two IR LEDs ) , you can accurately track the location of your head and render view dependent images on the screen .
This effectively transforms your display into a portal to a virtual environment .
The display properly reacts to head and body movement as if it were a real window creating a realistic illusion of depth and space .
The program only needs to know your display size and the size of your sensor bar .
The software is a custom C# DirectX program and is primarily provided as sample code for developers without support or additional documentation .
You may need the most recent version of DirectX installed for this to work .
Software
To run the DesktopVR program you see in the video :
1. Connect your wiimote to your PC via Bluetooth .
If you do n't know how to do this , you can follow this tutorial .
I 've been told it works with other Bluetooth drivers , but I have not tested them myself .
2. Download the WiiDesktopVR ( v02 ) sample program .
Read the README file on program usage and configuration .
Launch the " WiiDesktopVR.exe " in the main folder .
A potentially more stable / Vista / 64 - bit compatible version has been created by Andrea Leganza .
There also may be more variants on the web .
NOTE : If you are having trouble with running the program , you can check my project blog post about it or check the forum for assistance .
I am unable to replicate these problems , so it hard for me to debug them .
But , other people have figured it out .
Things that have been identified to help : delete the " config.dat " file and re-run the program , install a new version of Direct X , or istall .NET 2.0 .
Developers Notes :
The code is built on top of this Wiimote library .
To compile the program , you will need a C# IDE and the DirectX SDK .
More notes are in the README .
A visit to this project 's FAQ and Advanced Discussion post may be very englightening .
You may also find the official discussion forums for my wiimote projects helpful : WiimoteProject.com
Coming Later : 3D tracking , and more ....
Unfortunately , time constraints in the next couple of months have significantly reduced my ability to work on more projects .
But , you can subscribe to updates via my project blog [ procrastineering.com ]
Recently by Peter Schiff : Hair of the Dog
During President Obama ’s high - profile visit to China this week , the most frequently discussed , yet least understood , topic was how currency valuations are affecting the economic relationship between the United States and China .
The focal problem is the Chinese government ’s policy of fixing the value of the renminbi against the U.S. dollar .
While many correctly perceive that this ‘ peg ’ has contributed greatly to the current global imbalances , few fully comprehend the ramifications should that peg be discarded .
The common understanding is both incomplete and nave .
Most analysts simply see the peg as China ’s principal weapon in an economic struggle for global ascendancy .
The peg , they argue , offers China a competitive advantage by making its products cheaper in U.S. markets , thus allowing Chinese firms to gobble up market share and steal jobs from U.S. manufacturers .
The thought is that were China to allow its currency to rise , American manufactures would regain their lost edge , and both manufacturing firms and the jobs formerly associated with them would return .
In this narrative , the struggle centers on the United States ’ diminishing leverage in persuading the Chinese to lay down their unfair weaponry .
It ’s a sympathetic picture , but it tells the wrong story .
Crash Proof 2.0 : How t... Peter D. Schiff Best Price : $ 1.50 Buy New $ 3.97 ( as of 10:46 EST - Details )
While the peg certainly is responsible for much of the world ’s problems , its abandonment would cause severe hardship in the United States .
In fact , for the U.S. , de-pegging would cause the economic equivalent of cardiac arrest .
Our economy is currently on life support provided by an endless flow of debt financing from China .
These purchases are the means by which China maintains the relative value of its currency against the dollar .
As the dollar comes under even more downward pressure , China ’s purchases must increase to keep the renminbi from rising .
By maintaining the peg , China enables our politicians and citizens to continue spending more than they have and avoiding the hard choices necessary to restore our long - term economic health .
Contrary to the conventional wisdom , when China drops the peg , the immediate benefits will flow to the Chinese , not to Americans .
Yes , prices for Chinese goods will rise in the United States — but so will prices for domestic goods .
As a corollary , the Chinese will see falling prices across the board .
As anyone who has ever been shopping can explain , low prices are a good thing .
In addition , credit will expand in China while it contracts here .
When China abandons the peg , it will no longer need to swell its currency reserves by buying Treasuries or other dollar - denominated debt instruments .
Other nations will no longer feel the pressure to keep their currencies from rising , so they too could throttle down on their onerous dollar purchases .
End the Fed Ron Paul Best Price : $ 1.12 Buy New $ 8.53 ( as of 10:10 EST - Details )
As demand falls for both dollars and Treasuries , prices and interest rates in the United States will rise .
Rising rates will restrict the flow of credit that is currently financing government and consumer spending .
This change will finally force a long overdue decline in borrowing .
So , not only will Americans lose access to the consumer credit that funds their current spending , but the things they buy will also get more expensive .
Our short - term loss will be in sharp contrast to the gain felt by foreigners , who will be rewarded with falling consumer prices and a more abundant supply of investment capital .
In other words , the American standard of living will fall while that of our trading partners will rise .
However , this does not mean that I want the Chinese to maintain the status quo .
In the long run , the U.S. economy will benefit from the abandonment of a system that guarantees our dependency and inevitable downfall .
De-pegging will force the hand of U.S. politicians toward pursuing realistic policies .
The Chinese will come to their senses eventually because it is in their interest to do so .
Meanwhile , the longer the peg is maintained , the more indebted we become , the more out of balance our economy grows , and the more our industrial base shrivels .
In short , the longer they wait , the steeper our fall .
A weaker dollar will price many imported products beyond the reach of most Americas , giving our hollowed out manufacturing sector the opportunity to rebound .
However , if our industry has any chance of getting off the mat , we must reduce taxes , repeal regulations , reform our cumbersome legal system , and , most importantly , replenish our savings to finance the necessary capital investment .
If we position ourselves to deal with the consequences , tough love from China will provide a path back to genuine economic growth .
However , if our politicians continue to misread the problem and push us deeper in the red , the inevitable ‘ rebalancing ’ could be truly ruinous .
The Best of Peter Schiff
LGBT Bigotry Through Academic Intolerance
This is the story of Dan DeLong , an honors English teacher in Piasa , Illinois .
Last month , Mr. DeLong gave his students an assignment that asked them to read a paper on homosexuality in the animal kingdom .
His quick suspension brought the issues of LGBT bigotry and academic freedom to the forefront .
The paper titled “ The effeminate sheep and other problems with Darwinian sexual selection ” was written by a professor at Stanford University , published in a popular science magazine , and readily available in most public libraries .
The article is an interesting analysis of the evolutionary ramifications of homosexuality in the animal kingdom .
For the record , over 450 species of animals have exhibited homosexual behavior , including some celebrities .
This is just as natural with other species as it is with our own .
None the less , in more monotheistic religious countries like the United States , it is often viewed unfavorably by the greater culture .
Thus , social conservatives in the district pressured school administrators to suspend Mr. DeLong without pay .
This was nothing more than gay discrimination wrapped in academic intolerance .
Luckily , some brave folks fought this injustice and publicized what was going on .
Crooks
And Liars was quick to pick the story up , and from there it spread to other parts of the internet , although the only MSM traction appeared to be in the local news of Piasa .
A support page was started on Facebook , which generated over 3000 followers in a few short days .
After a closed door session of the school board , they reached a compromise .
Mr. DeLong apologized for subject material that some may not have deemed ‘ age inappropriate ’ in exchange for a full reinstatement .
This sets a dangerous precedent however .
If he were to attempt assign another article on the subject , the suspension and likely more severe actions would result .
Thus , academic freedom has been sacrificed in order to appease a small minded but vocal minority who fail to understand that while homosexuality is quite natural in the animal kingdom , bigotry has to be taught .
Mr McKinnon 's mother believes extradition will worsen his mental state
The extradition to the US of computer hacker Gary McKinnon should be halted owing to his " precarious state of mental health " , MPs say .
The Home Affairs Committee also said there was a " serious lack of equality " in US - UK extradition arrangements .
But the Home Office said there was " no imbalance " and no need for a review .
Mr McKinnon , who has Asperger 's syndrome , is accused of breaking into the US military computer system but says he was just seeking UFO evidence .
The Glasgow - born 43 - year - old , now of Wood Green , north London , faces 60 years in prison if convicted in the US .
' Lack of equality '
The Commons committee is conducting an inquiry into the US - UK extradition treaty , which critics say does not treat American and British citizens equally .
A letter , from committee chairman Keith Vaz to Home Secretary Alan Johnson , said the MPs had received " clear , legal opinion " from two lawyers that the home secretary had greater scope to exercise his discretion in Mr McKinnon 's case than the minister believed .
The letter urged Mr Johnson to " comprehensively review " the operation of US - UK extraditions and " exercise your discretion in this case " .
There was a " serious lack of equality " in the way the extradition treaty deals with UK citizens compared with US citizens , the letter added .
But in response , a Home Office statement said : " There is no imbalance in the extradition arrangements between the UK and the US .
At this stage in the case the sole issue is whether extradition would , or would not , breach Mr McKinnon 's human rights
Home Office statement " As the home secretary told the Home Affairs Select Committee on Tuesday , the evidence that must be provided for a US extradition request to proceed in the UK is in practice the same as for a UK request to proceed in the US . "
It added : " The suggestion that the operation of the Extradition Act needs to be reviewed comprehensively is unnecessary . "
The home secretary is in the process of looking at new medical evidence on Mr McKinnon , which Mr Johnson has said he will consider " very carefully " before approving extradition .
He has also said he wants to give Mr McKinnon 's lawyers time to examine medical reports and make legal representations to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg .
But the Home Office statement pointed out that the home secretary had " no general discretion to refuse extradition " .
" At this stage in the case the sole issue is whether extradition would , or would not , breach Mr McKinnon 's human rights , " it said .
" Unless the evidence shows that extradition would breach the European Convention on Human Rights it would be unlawful to refuse extradition . "
' Lives ruined '
Mr McKinnon 's mother , Janis Sharp , has said her son " would rather be dead than extradited " .
Appearing before the Home Affairs Committee earlier in the week , she said : " We were told this treaty was to be used mainly for terrorists .
" People like Gary are not terrorists .
We should stand up to America and say , ' This is wrong . '
" This has ruined Gary 's life .
It 's ruined our lives , " she said .
Mr Johnson responded by insisting that the US had a " proper , mature legal system " .
" It 's almost as if you are talking about an enemy state , " he said .
" In a world of international crime where criminals cross borders much more frequently , then you need to have proper arrangements in place .
" Extradition is not a statement of guilt or innocence .
It 's quite proper for the US to ask to bring over people who have committed crimes against their country . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In early November , the IFPI backed by several movie studios lost its case to force ISP Telenor to block The Pirate Bay .
Unsatisfied with this decision , the copyright holders are insisting that since the ISP is contributing to piracy , the court has ruled incorrectly .
They will now take their case to the High Court .
In March , the IFPI , MPAA and several local movie studios began threatening Telenor , Norway ’s largest ISP .
Unless Telenor voluntarily blocked customer access to The Pirate Bay , they said , it would get taken to court .
Telenor boss Ragnar Kårhus refused to comply and IFPI rolled out the lawyers and early November saw the delivery of the verdict in the case .
The Asker and Bærum District Court ruled that Telenor was indeed a contributor to infringement as it provides the infrastructure to access TPB , and that it was also a passive contributor due to the fact that it refused to act when its service was used in connection with illicit file - sharing .
However , since these contributory acts were not directed at specific customers or what they did on The Pirate Bay , or indeed the actions of the Pirate Bay itself , the court decided that Telenor operates in the same manner whether its systems are used for legal or illegal uses .
In a nutshell , although Telenor was “ guilty ” of contributory infringement , their actions were not unlawful .
Furthermore , when making its decision the district court looked in depth at the possible repercussions if it decided that Telenor , and by extension other ISPs , had to police the Internet .
The court therefore refused to sanction the blocking of The Pirate Bay .
Of course , with this apparent ambiguity the copyright holders are n’t going to accept the court ’s ruling , and have been making statements this week detailing their plans .
“ We believe the ruling is incorrect and , therefore , we have appealed the decision in the High Court , ” said Cato Power from music performing rights outfit , TONO .
“ If it ’s the case that the Norwegian authorities have not implemented the EU Copyright Directive properly , as the district court said , this is serious .
For us this is a principled case that it is important to clarify law in a higher authority , ” he added .
Commenting for the IFPI , Marte Thorsby insists that Telenor is acting unlawfully by providing customer access to The Pirate Bay .
“ The court is crystal clear that Telenor contributes physically to make The Pirate Bay available for their customers , ” she said in a statement .
“ We believe , contrary to the court , that this participation is in conflict with Norwegian law .
We see that ISPs in several European countries have been made responsible for providing access to illegal services , and believe that this also is the situation in Norway . ”
Wow , the results of this WSJ poll was surprising :
>
chart courtesy of WSJ
>
And they teed up the poll with this description :
This decade is on track to become the warmest since records began in 1850 , and 2009 could rank among the top - five warmest years , the U.N. weather agency reported on the second day of a pivotal 192 - nation climate conference .
What do you think is causing the warm - up ?
Is it human activity on the planet , or a natural cycle ?
>
Source :
Current Decade on Track to Be Warmest on Record
Associated Press
WSJ , DECEMBER 8 , 2009
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB126027972598681805.html
COLUMBUS -- Ohio State players report for preseason camp at noon today and the first player to arrive at the team hotel should be
Terrelle Pryor
.
After all , he is the fastest Buckeye .
As the sophomore enters his first preseason camp as a starter -- after taking the job in the fourth game of last season -- let 's lay down the baseline so everyone is clear what the Buckeyes are dealing with here .
The fastest guy on the team is the quarterback .
Fans may have heard this news already .
It 's based on 40 - meter times from the spring .
Center Mike Brewster reported Pryor 's time to The Plain Dealer last month .
For all that the Buckeyes do n't know going into Monday 's first practice -- who the starting offensive tackles will be , how the linebacker competition will work out , how this group of receivers will battle for playing time -- Pryor 's speed is a fact , and a fact worth noting .
His 40 time was a speedy 4.33 .
Sophomore receiver Lamaar Thomas said he ran a 4.37 and no one else ran under 4.4 when the players were timed early this summer .
Thomas reported that low 4.4s came from receivers Ray Small and DeVier Posey and running back Brandon Saine .
" I 'm not so sure he might not be one of the fastest guys in the conference , " OSU coach Jim Tressel said of Pryor .
" I 'm not sure that 's a bad thing .
Our other guys are n't slow . "
At the last two NFL Combines in Indianapolis , the fastest a quarterback ran in the 40 was a 4.55 posted twice , once by former West Virginia quarterback Pat White last year .
You never know about tracks and timing systems , and Ohio State has a reputation for fast times , but Pryor is still .22 seconds under any quarterback in the last two drafts .
Not bad .
Thomas would n't mind double - checking that Pryor in fact holds the title of fastest Buckeye .
" I hope to challenge him again to a race or something so we can figure this out , " Thomas said .
" I 've got to get an open field and make this happen , make it open to the public and everything . "
Thomas laughed at his plan , but just the idea is incredible : Pryor is 6 - 6 and 235 pounds ; Thomas is 5 - 11 and 186 .
Also : Returning 12 starters on offense and defense , the Buckeye rank eighth in the Big Ten in returning starters , ahead of only Wisconsin , Purdue and Penn State .
. . .
The annual night practice open to the public is tentatively scheduled for Aug. 24 but has not been finalized .
. . .
With the oral commitments of Florida receiver James Louis and Pennsylvania defensive back Chad Hagan in the last two weeks , the 2010 recruiting class has reached 11 members .
A year ago , knowing they would be bringing in a larger class , the Buckeyes had 22 players in the class when camp started .
This reminds me of a summer weekend in junior high , very close to the 4th of July .
My friend , who ’s Mom was constantly having garage sales ...
One of the garage sale items was a funky 70 ’s motorcycle helmet .
I told my friend he should duct tape a Roman candle to either side of said helmet and ride his bike down the hill by his house .
He agreed .
We made it happen .
I lit them for him and he began the decent .
The first two fireballs shot out in front of him and it was awesome .
As he picked up speed however , the shots were ending up a few inches from the face shield where they would blow up and fog the shield .
Two more shots and he was blind , crashed on the side of the road , shoelaces tangled in his pedals .
He looked back at me for help , and two more shots fired in my direction .
I dove for cover .
He attempted to take the helmet off , only to fire two more shots into his crotch and one more down his right shoe .
He decided to just lie there looking at the sky until all 20 shots were done and hope no cars came down the hill .
He finally got his helmet off just as the hottest girl in school walked by with her dog …
" You guys are weird ! "
It set the pace for most of my encounters with hot women for the rest of my life .
Classified Bomber Under Consideration
[ EDITOR ’S NOTE : A little late from our partners at Aviation Week , but I wanted to get this out by the end of the year ]
The $ 2 - billion question in development of a new bomber is whether a major black - world demonstration program is already underway , with Northrop Grumman as the contractor .
This hypothesis makes sense of a series of clues that have appeared since 2005 .
In that year , Scott Winship , program manager for Northrop Grumman ’s X - 47 unmanned combat aircraft system ( UCAS ) , mentioned that the company — responding to a U.S. Air Force interest in a bigger version of the then - ongoing Joint UCAS project — had proposed an X - 47C with very long endurance , a 10,000 - lb. - plus weapon load and a 172 - ft. wingspan , the same as a B - 2 .
The idea was to match extreme endurance with a “ deep magazine ” — a large and diverse weapon load for multiple attacks on different types of target .
Soon after , in the Fiscal 2007 budget , the J - UCAS program was terminated .
While the Navy continued with the X - 47B — now undergoing tests before a first flight in early 2010 — it was reported that USAF funds were transferred into a classified program .
The service also introduced a budget line - item for a Next Generation Bomber ( NGB ) , but the program had no visible funds for Fiscal 2008 - 10 .
During 2007 , Northrop Grumman leaders hinted that the company expected to win a major restricted program .
A financial report in early 2008 then disclosed a $ 2 - billion surge in backlog at the company ’s Integrated Systems division — just after Boeing and Lockheed Martin agreed to join forces on an NGB proposal .
Since that time , sources in Washington and elsewhere have reported that the company did win a demonstrator program for a large stealthy platform , and that the program has survived the budget cuts announced in April 2009 .
A possibly related development is the construction of a large new hangar at the USAF ’s flight - test center at Groom Lake , Nev. Unlike other buildings on the secluded site , it is screened from the closest public viewing point by a specially constructed berm .
The most likely focus of a flight - demonstrator program would be on the aerodynamic and aero-propulsion aspects of a very stealthy flying - wing design .
The B - 2 was designed in the earliest days of computational fluid dynamics ( CFD ) , before the complex 3D airflows over an all - wing aircraft could be simulated properly , and represented a low - risk trade between aerodynamics and signatures .
Thirty years later , vastly more powerful computing makes it possible to design shapes with better signatures and higher efficiency that nearly ensure they will work in the wind tunnel and in flight .
However , a large - scale flying demonstrator can incorporate engine inlet and exhaust effects in the design and evaluate stability and control .
High - altitude performance could be another goal .
The Air Force does not regard the B - 2 as survivable in daylight because of the risk of visual detection by a fighter aircraft .
The B - 2 cruises at the same altitude as most fighters and can be caught in the best position for visual detection — silhouetted against the horizon .
A high - altitude aircraft operating at 60,000 ft. or above is less likely to be in this position , and the sky above it is dark .
Using a version of Northrop Grumman ’s “ cranked kite ” configuration — designed to be scalable and adaptable to different flight regimes — a new bomber could be around half the weight of the B - 2 , but about equal in centerline length , allowing it to carry the same types of weapons , possibly up to the size of the 30,000 - lb.
Boeing - developed Massive Ordnance Penetrator , intended to destroy hardened and deeply buried targets .
Northrop Grumman ’s development of an NGB could be facilitated by its work on B - 2 upgrades .
Improvements being developed for B - 2 include changes to the bomber ’s rotary weapons launcher , allowing it to carry mixed loads of weapons ranging from Small - Diameter Bombs to 2,000 - lb. class bombs ; a new Ku- band active , electronically scanned array ( AESA ) radar , with the potential for extremely high ground resolution ; and stealth - compatible high - rate satcoms systems .
Bomber supporters have mooted the idea of building and deploying a new bomber / ISR ( intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ) aircraft in phases .
An initial version could be manned , powered by versions of existing engines , and use off - the - shelf sensors and avionics .
Later aircraft could be unmanned or optionally piloted and powered by advanced engines , improving altitude performance or supplying power to directed - energy weapons for self - defense or attack .
Stealth will be very important to a bomber / ISR platform , and a key advantage compared to low - observable ( LO ) fighters .
According to experts familiar with UCAS programs , blended wing - body and flying - wing shapes offer two unique attributes .
First , they can provide all - aspect stealth , with low signatures from the side as well as in the front and rear aspects , whereas more conventional designs ( like the F - 22 and F - 35 ) have a characteristic “ bow - tie ” radar cross-section ( RCS ) plot with peaks to the sides , associated with the body sides and vertical tails .
Flying wings also feature “ broadband ” stealth : at lower radar frequencies , the wingtips , tails and other small parts of a conventional aircraft have dimensions in the same magnitude as the radar wavelength and therefore have a “ resonant ” RCS that is largely unaffected by shaping or materials .
Recently , both Russia and China have unveiled modernized versions of VHF radars , touting their counterstealth performance .
ISR capability would be inherent in a new - technology strike aircraft .
Characteristics such as long endurance , wide - band active and passive radio - frequency sensors , and LO - compatible high - bandwidth satcoms are essential for both missions .
Another major issue is whether the new bomber should be nuclear - capable .
Analyst Barry Watts , in a February 2009 paper for the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments , argued that four conventional requirements were the strongest justification for a new bomber : missions requiring a sufficient radius of action from the last air - refueling point to reach targets deep in defended airspace ; conflicts in which there is a need to strike targets at intercontinental distances ; missions requiring the survivability to persist in defended airspace in order to prosecute time - sensitive targets ; and operations in which U.S. forces must have a radius of action beyond the reach of enemy weapons .
Watts saw a need for nuclear missions only in the case of limited , controlled nuclear options against a regional threat and suggested only a moderate degree of electromagnetic pulse hardening .
– From Aviation Week ’s Bill Sweetman
| Share
December 30th , 2009 | Planes , Copters , Blimps | 37 Comments
Addicted to Contractors
Bring up the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and one of the first things bound to come up is contractors — companies such as Blackwater / Xe , DynCorp , and ArmorGroup .
But what most Americans do not realize is that they ’ve only seen the tip of the iceberg .
The United States has become addicted to contractors — and it ’s an unsustainable habit .
In 2009 , contractors accounted for 48 percent of the Defense Department ’s workforce in Iraq and 57 percent in Afghanistan , according to the Congressional Research Service .
The State Department and U.S. Agency for International Development ( USAID ) use them extensively as well .
Compare that with the height of the Vietnam War , when contractors accounted for 13 percent of the U.S. presence on the ground ; today , contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan outnumber American men and women in uniform .
In addition to providing security , contractors feed , clothe , and house U.S. troops ; they train army and police units , spearhead development projects , and even oversee other contractors and subcontractors .
Without contractors , the United States would undoubtedly need a draft to ramp up its troop presence in Afghanistan .
Waging war through contractors also means a lot of waste .
Money must change hands multiple times in a foreign country — a standing invitation for corruption .
The contracting apparatus spawns a web of complex financial transactions that the U.S. Congress cannot effectively oversee .
Funding it is equally problematic ; Washington continues to finance the struggle against terrorism through supplemental appropriations as though they were emergency operations .
As the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction ( SIGIR ) has painstakingly documented , throwing taxpayer money at a problem in this fashion has led to astonishing waste , fraud , and abuse .
Unless something changes , Afghanistan will be no different .
But perhaps most alarmingly , Washington ’s addiction to outsourcing has rendered much of its war - fighting wholly opaque .
Despite having spearheaded the Federal Funding Transparency and Accountability Act ( FFATA ) as a senator , Obama is now leading a war in Afghanistan whose funding is effectively a black hole .
The website USAspending .gov , created by FFATA , provided data for the analysis below .
Yet information on subcontracts , the vehicle for operationalizing most contractor spending , was supposed to be made available to the public by January 2009 .
Nearly a year later , it remains shrouded in secrecy ( the site is still “ under development “ ) .
This means that taxpayers have little information about whom their government is paying to carry out the counterinsurgency campaign in Afghanistan .
Thanks to USAspending .gov , we can at least follow the money flowing through prime contracts and grants for the main government agencies involved in the reconstruction of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Here ’s a taste of how bad it has gotten :
In 2008 , 82 percent of the Defense Department ’s budget went out the door in contracts and grants .
About 83 percent of the State Department ’s requested budget did the same .
At USAID , contracts and grants represented 96 percent of the net cost of operations .
The high percentages in part reflect the financing of “ contractors ’ wars ” through supplemental funding legislation .
The steep rise in contracts and grants as a percentage of budgets from 2003 to 2008 reflects the full costs of fighting two contractors ’ wars simultaneously .
Foreign policy has been effectively privatized .
This graph shows the ratio of federal money to federal employees , a figure that has grown dramatically over the last 50 years as spending has far outstripped human capacity to oversee it .
Far from easing that burden on federal employees , contractors make the work of oversight even trickier in some respects .
The U.S. federal government had the same number of full - time employees in 2008 as it did in 1963 , yet the federal budget has more than tripled in real terms since then .
The gap in service delivery is , in part , filled by contractors .
But each federal employee is consequently responsible for the oversight of three times the taxpayer money that they would have been a half - century ago .
The U.S. government today is but a shadow of its former self , with “ big government ” defining only the spending .
Methodology
All data on contracts and grants come from USAspending.gov ( access dates : Sept. 24 , 2009 , for Defense and State Department data , and Oct. 1 , 2009 , for USAID ) .
Although the site does not indicate such , USAspending.gov is a live data stream , and numbers can change from month to month for fiscal years that have long closed out .
Yes , this is problematic for the cause of transparency .
Defense Department : Budget figures are from the Government Printing Office online at www.gpoaccess.gov.
These figures are from the Defense Department ’s discretionary budget authority and do not include emergency funding requests , discretionary outlays , or mandatory outlays .
State Department : Budget figures were taken from the State Department budget online at http://www.state.gov/s/d/rm/rls/bib/.
USAID : Budget figures were taken from USAID Performance and Accountability Reports , online at http://www.usaid.gov/policy/afr08/.
The figure used is “ Net Costs of Operations ” listed under the Statement of Net Cost .
Data on federal employees were taken from historical tables in the president ’s budget , online at http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/budget/Historicals/
( see tables 17.1 and 17.2 ) .
Calculation of total federal employees was by end - of - fiscal - year count from 1945 to 2005 ; 2008 data was counted by number of full - time equivalents .
It 's the second day of Christmas at ComicsAlliance , as our 12 Days of Christmas original art series continues .
Every day until the 25th , we 'll be posting a new illustration from a comics creator at Periscope Studio that reinterprets the days of the traditional carol as comic book parodies .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/12/15/12-days-of-christmas-day-2-andreas-shuster/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
Today , we 're featuring an illustration from a recent international visitor to the studio : Andreas Schuster , from Cologne , Germany , who brings us the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtledoves .
While this may mark the first time the reptile ninjas have been so swept away with holiday cheer that they booted Santa out of his sleigh , inspired terror in the eyes of reindeer , or traded their traditional pizza for live birds , TMNT fans will recall equally odd behavior in the 1994 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Christmas Special , a remarkably insane live - action musical that involves rollerblades , Leonardo inexplicably singing a rasta version of " Deck the Halls , " and a rap about Christmas presents that is , no joke , called " Wrap Rap . "
We 're glad Andreas was able to tap into the Turtles ' rich tradition of temporary holiday insanity , and look forward to seeing more of his work .
( click to embiggen )
On the second day of Christmas , my true love gave to me ...
Two Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtledoves
And a " partridge " in a pear tree .
My bet that by 2020 we will return to some form of gold standard is looking better .
Something is up when gold is being hoarded to such an extent that the futures exchanges cannot fulfill with metal but have to try to stiff the contract holder with paper .
Now , they have done this in the past , and gotten away with it , but according to this story , never so aggressively .
Prof. Antal Fekete has been on this story for several months , and has set forth in some detail how the gold basis is being manipulated , perhaps because of hoarding .
( The basis is the delta between the cash price and the next futures price . )
Yves has had several posts on Gold Panic , and it is consistent with the good Professor ’s analysis .
Another aspect of this story is the collapse of Barrick ’s hedging strategy .
Barrick Gold ( ABX ) is the largest gold mining company and had been following a really dumb hedging strategy which had been to take naked short positions ( shorting gold they did not possess ) .
In a world of gold hoarding , they may not be able to cover , even at a loss .
The strategy was so risky that a conspiracy theory had evolved that Barrick was front - running the US government to keep the gold price down .
Lending support to this is the question : why would a gold production firm try to cap the gold price ?
An answer which does not require the conspiracy is that Barrick had less gold in the ground than it wanted to reveal , and so was engaged in a confidence game of the first order .
The weak Dollar ( driving gold up ) and the hoarding has called their bluff .
Gold - backed currencies , unlike fiat currencies , have the irreducible endpoint of debts being paid in gold , which has retained value throughout history .
Fiat currencies have no such endpoint .
You can make the argument that fiat currencies are backed by the productive capacity of the issuer , and that they have some irreducible value based on taxing that production .
History has tested that case , and found it wanting .
You see , fiat currencies tempt countries to over - extend .
What happens when the debts of the issuer are vastly beyond their productive capacity ?
Well , the country defaults , and the fiat currency is forcibly exchanged for scratch .
A 2008 paper by Harvard Professor Rogoff and Prof. Reinhart , both members of the NBER ( which calls recessions and recoveries ) entitled This Time Is Different demonstrates that instead of fiat regimes making good , they have defaulted over and over throughout eight centuries of financial crises :
We find that serial default [ repeated sovereign default ] is nearly a universal phenomenon as countries struggle to transform themselves from emerging markets to advanced economies .
Before we take comfort in the US being already an advanced economy , the imperial power of its day has typically defaulted after over - extending .
Rich European countries have defaulted , including Austria , France , Portugal Spain and Germany .
The reunified German defaulted in 1873 , bringing the whole world into a long depression , including the United States .
In the last century , Germany defaulted twice : 1932 and 1939 .
Russia three times , beginning in 1918 .
England in effect defaulted in 1931 .
So now the gold hoarding makes sense : other sovereign powers are preparing for – or at least hedging against – the inevitable sovereign default of the US .
The more Obama buries the US in ever more present deficits and future commitments , the closer this becomes .
Niall Ferguson ’s piece in Newsweek , which I discussed yesterday , fits into this context .
He was talking about Imperial powers getting over - extended , and the first thing that falls is to pullback on excessive defense spending and foolish Imperial wars .
Even as Obama pitches tonight a three - year vague commitment in Afghanistan , the hand writing is on the wall .
Sadly , the US is so over - extended the wars are but a small pullback in the vast future deficits from social commitments .
This wo n’t end well .
Here are 30 pictures that have the unrealistic quality that make you think it has been photoshopped , although are pictures are real and have not been altered in any way .
NEW ORLEANS -- Florida coach Urban Meyer changed his mind Sunday and said he was taking an indefinite leave of absence instead of resigning .
Despite ongoing concerns with his health , he expects to be on the sideline leading the Gators when next season opens .
" I do in my gut believe that will happen , " he said Sunday at an Allstate Sugar Bowl news conference .
Offensive coordinator Steve Addazio will run the team during Meyer 's absence , but Meyer will coach against Cincinnati on New Year 's Day .
" It 's full speed ahead .
We 're going to do everything possible to win this game , " he said .
Meyer , 45 , said he was offered and encouraged to take a leave of absence earlier in the week .
He said being with his players at a " spirited practice " Sunday morning persuaded him not to resign .
" I 've accepted this offer to improve my health , " said Meyer , who refused to elaborate on his health problems and declined to answer when asked if doctors advised him to stop coaching .
After the Southeastern Conference championship game three weeks ago , Meyer spent several hours in a Gainesville , Fla. , hospital because of chest pains .
Meyer said Sunday he had experienced similar problems at times this season but had not had a heart attack .
Florida athletic director Jeremy Foley said when he went to sleep Saturday night he did not think there was any chance Meyer would change his mind .
" It was a long night for everybody in Gator nation , " Foley said .
" The intent here is to make sure Urban goes and deals with the issues we discussed last night . "
Meyer led the Gators to BCS national championships in 2006 and 2008 .
Meyer is 56 - 10 with Florida , including 32 - 8 in the SEC and a school - record 22 - game winning streak that was snapped by the Crimson Tide in the conference title game Dec. 5 .
By Carter Burke
October 28 , 2009 --
The next major international summit on climate change will be held in Copenhagen in early December , 2009 .
The position of the United States in these talks remains ambiguous .
The latest climate legislation to move through the US Congress is H.R. 2454 , the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 .
It passed the US House of Representatives in June 2009 , mostly along party lines , to the applause of President Obama and house speaker Nancy Pelosi .
It had the support of a wide variety of US environmental organisations , including Defenders of Wildlife , Alliance for Climate Protection , the Environmental Defense Fund , the National Wildlife Federation , the Nature Conservancy , the Audubon Society and the Natural Resources Defense Council , among many others .
Needless to say , it also had the blessing of neoliberal environmentalism ’s patron saint , Al Gore .
I take the trouble to name these organisations in order to illustrate the mainstream support carbon trading has enjoyed within the environmental movement .
To many , it might appear as though the climate bill being passed now that is a long - overdue success after eight years of inaction , institutionalised denial and the sabotage of climate policy by the Bush administration , its industrial handlers , and their shills in Congress .
For consumers who “ care about ” the environment there is the feeling that something is finally being done .
And for some well - positioned professional environmentalists , the sort that might work for carbon trading firms or the many organisations that might do business with them , there will finally be the steady growth in private - sector “ green ” jobs that everyone has been hoping for .
It might look like the United States is finally turning a corner in climate policy .
As it turns out , the Kyoto Protocol and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , now seen by many on the bourgeois left as global benchmarks for climate change policy , were themselves crafted by US and European industrial interests to essentially make money from privatising the atmosphere , permitting themselves to pollute it for free , and creating an entire bureaucracy for quantifying and trading various offset “ products ” , regardless of their ability to actually limit the emission of greenhouse gases .
The IPCC and the Kyoto Protocol are , as we shall see , neoliberal inventions intended primarily to profitably “ financialise ” global warming , rather than intergovernmental instruments to be used for ending it .
In both cases , the United States and some of its European allies essentially absorbed the language of scientists , environmentalists , Third World diplomats , and climate activists , only to regurgitate their efforts as a form of incomprehensible free - market amphigory which might actually be worse than doing nothing about global warming at all .
When it comes to climate policy , US private enterprise has been a coprophilic Midas : everything it seems to touch turns to shit .
US legacy
Far from being any kind of victory for the environment or the human communities impacted the most by climate change , the US government ’s legacy of involvement is comitragic : it dismembers and plunders global climate policy under Clinton , when the world was willing to do just about anything to get the US involved ; it abandons it entirely under Bush , who went so far as to compel US institutions under its control to deny that global warming existed at all ; and now it seemingly “ comes to its senses ” under Obama , except what it is returning to is n’t a climate policy that has recovered or evolved from the nonsensical free - market wreck left for dead during the Clinton era , but instead it is poised to enter a world of corruption , conflicted interests , and green hucksterism already pioneered by companies in the United Kingdom , Japan , the Netherlands , France , Germany , etc. , to name a few of the more prominent “ investor ” nations in the “ clean development ” boondoggles spawned by Kyoto .
All of this and more is painstakingly laid out in 2006 special issue of Development Dialogue titled Carbon Trading : A Critical Conversion on Climate Change , Privatisation and Power .
Available online at no charge , it was produced by the Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation and written by author and researcher Larry Lohmann .
It ’s a conversational , well - researched , and scathing critique of the bizarre disaster of environmental policy that is carbon trading .
This book goes beyond the more common anti-capitalist rhetoric against carbon trading and actually confronts its concepts , its “ science ” , and the fascinating historical process of how it was railroaded through the UN and IPCC .
Throughout the book , Lohmann stays focused on why carbon trading schemes fail , and presents a compelling alternative narrative by interpreting Kyoto / IPCC as a kind of atmospheric colonialism which roughly serves the same functions as territorial colonialism did in centuries past , that is , as a seamless extension of capital by primitive accumulation , and the surreptitious appropriation of public resources for private gain .
So far as I can tell , Lohmann ’s book is kind of anomalous .
It has some limited currency among minor academics , first - world radicals and wider popularity among grassroots Third World organisations in social justice and environmental policy , but apart from this it seems mostly unheard of .
Attempts to find an “ establishment ” rebuttal to Lohmann have come up empty - handed .
Nevertheless , it will no doubt go down as a groundbreaking expose of one of neoliberalism ’s most flawed creations , not just because of the straightforward eloquence of the presentation , but because of the sheer amount of research that went into the compilation of Lohmann ’s work .
With over 900 citations , reading it is sort of like discovering an enormous termite nest , leaving one both amazed and horrified at what ’s been going on unseen .
In any case , there is nothing I can really say that has n’t been said better in Lohmann ’s book .
If you even remotely care about climate change , read this book .
It ’s free .
The only other thing I can really think to do here , and really the only thing that does Lohmann ’s work justice , is to quote parts of it in order to provide some sense of its scope and impact :
Although pollution trading derived from the theories of economists working in universities and think tanks , it was written into the 1990 US Clean Air Act Amendments by Environmental Defence , a corporate - friendly NGO that subsequently pushed for it to be included both in the Kyoto Protocol and in Chinese environmental programmes .
The Washington - based NGO World Resources Institute ( partly bankrolled by government and UN agencies , international financial institutions and corporations such as Monsanto , TotalFinaElf , Shell , BP , and Cargill Dow ) tirelessly lobbied for carbon trading alongside the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and other corporate pressure groups .
The World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , an organisation with an annual budget 3.5 times that of the World Trade Organisation , meanwhile joined the European Roundtable of Industrialists ( UNICE ) and the US think - tank inspired Centre for European Policy Studies in support of the EU Emissions Trading Scheme .
WWF also helped develop an eco-label for the Kyoto Protocol ’s Clean Development Mechanism projects ( see Chapter 4 ) .
Greenpeace , for its part , has moved from being critical of corporate lobby groups and carbon trading to complete acceptance .
As forest conservation NGOs such as the Nature Conservancy and Conservation International move in to mop up corporate and World Bank finance being offered for ‘ carbon sinks ’ , other NGOs confine themselves to trying to reform or ‘ contain the damage ’ done by trading programmes such as the Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) .
Most Northern members of the largest NGO grouping on climate change , the Climate Action Network , have thrown their support behind the carbon market , often demoting themselves to the role of advisers to governments on such matters as national emissions allocations .
Critical NGOs , to borrow the words of Daphne Wysham of the Institute for Policy Studies , are being continually urged ‘ to unite behind an entirely bizarre , incomprehensible , and totally corruptible system of carbon trading ’ .
Even well - meaning artists such as sculptor Damien Hirst and rock group Coldplay have got into the act as both clients and spokespeople for carbon marketing firms .
Okay , I always knew the Nature Conservancy was shady .
But Coldplay ?
One example of US influence in the negotiations comes from the Kyoto Protocol talks themselves .
In 1997 Brazil proposed a ‘ Clean Development Fund ’ that would use penalties paid by industrialised countries that had exceeded their emissions targets to finance ‘ no regrets ’ clean energy initiatives in the South .
The gist of Brazil ’s proposal was accepted by the G - 77 nations and China .
During a few days of intense negotiations , however , the fund was transformed into a trading mechanism allowing industrialised countries to buy rights to pollute from countries with no emissions limits .
Fines were transformed into prices ; a judicial system was transformed into a market .
A judicial system was “ transformed ” into a market ?
It almost sounds like a zombie plague .
In 1995 , economists in Working Group III , using data on how much money different groups spent to avoid risk of death , calculated the value of a statistical life of a US citizen at usd 1.5 million and that of a statistical life of a ‘ developing country ’ citizen at usd 100,000 .
The economists used these calculations to suggest that climate change would cause twice as much ‘ socio- economic ’ damage to the industrialised countries as to the rest of the world .
Read that again .
This is apparently what bourgeois economists do at the United Nations .
Meditating on Hollywood disaster movies , literary critic Fredric Jameson once observed : ‘ It seems to be easier for us today to imagine the thoroughgoing deterioration of the earth and of nature than the breakdown of late capitalism . ’
It ’s no surprise , in an age when Hollywood scriptwriters are advising the Pentagon on terror scenarios and pulp novelist Michael Crichton appears as an expert witness on climate change before a US Senate committee , that such attitudes are reflected back into politics .
With a soundtrack by Coldplay , evidently …
By the time the second George Bush pulled out of Kyoto in 2001 ( much to the consternation of US companies hoping to profit from carbon trading ( such as Enron ) , the approach had become internationally entrenched even though its original political rationale had vanished .
Its environmentalist backers , many of whom had by now spent much of their careers in the negotiations , were left in the odd position of having to champion an agreement written largely by the US for US purposes on the basis of US experience and US economic thinking , but which no longer had US support .
So eight years later , the US is finally moving toward a watered - down version of something that did n’t work to begin with .
Great .
Shortly before the 1998 climate talks in Buenos Aires , the ICC , together with Shell , Texaco , Mobil and Chevron , sent a 30 - person team to Senegal to round up support for the CDM [ Clean Development Mechanism ] from the energy and environment ministers of more than 20 African countries .
In return , the companies offered technology transfer and foreign investment .
Similar efforts with forest - rich Latin American nations have helped recruit nearly all their governments to the cause of carbon forestry .
As carbon - trading businesses fused with the UN climate apparatus , revolving doors between the two became jammed with profiteers moving in both directions .
In 1991 , the UN Conference on Trade and Development ( UNCTAD ) , an agency charged with ‘ assisting developing countries ’ , brushed aside other regulatory or tax alternatives to set up a department on greenhouse gas emissions trading .
UNCTAD later helped form the International Emissions Trading Association ( IETA ) , a corporate lobby group dedicated to promoting emissions trading .
Frank Joshua , who served as the UN Head of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Trading and led several expert groups including the UNCTAD Earth Council Emissions Trading Policy Forum and the UNCTAD Expert Group on the Clean Development Mechanism , went on to be the first executive director of the IETA , Global Director of Greenhouse Gas Emission Trading Services at Arthur Andersen , and managing director of US - based carbon trader Natsource – all of which are cashing in on the accounting rules Joshua himself helped to enshrine in the UN .
James Cameron , a lawyer who helped negotiate the Kyoto Protocol , later became Vice Chairman of Climate Change Capital , a carbon - trading merchant bank .
So we have a few problems here .
The first is the development of a policy infrastructure that is essentially designed to allow industry to continue as normal , that allows greenhouse gas pollution to go unchecked , and which creates a set of derivative industries involved in the privatisation , financing , accounting and trading of what amount to pollution rights .
The second is the widespread control fraud that necessarily follows from an unregulated industry designed by bureaucrats who can turn around to bilk the policies they wrote .
But the third problem , which becomes somewhat of a hypothetical one after the first two , is whether or not carbon trading systems could really reduce emissions if they did work in the way that Utopian free - market economists intended them to .
Can carbon trading reduce emissions ?
The answer is a “ no ” according to Lohmann .
For one thing , while it ’s relatively easy to estimate industrial carbon emissions and their equivalents on a global and regional level , monitoring and administering the emissions from specific industrial sites is difficult and expensive .
Lohmann points out that it would make a lot more sense to place caps on carbon emissions closer to their source ( i.e. , in the actual extraction of fossil fuel resources in coal mines , oil fields and at natural gas wells ) .
Of course doing so would prevent Northern industries from doing what they had hoped to with carbon trading , which is to keep burning fossil fuels without making any significant adjustments to the way they do business .
Instead they would “ offset ” their emissions and meet their caps by investing in carbon projects conveniently ( and cheaply ) located in the global South .
Which leads to the main problematic aspect of a carbon market , from a technical point of view : actually quantifying carbon offsets .
Offset projects can be broadly placed into two categories : sequestration and Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) .
An example of the first would be a tree plantation or a CCS ( carbon capture and storage ) project , like injecting carbon into a depleted natural gas reservoir .
CDM projects , which are generally the shadier of the two , revolve around measuring the carbon offset of a “ clean ” development project ( e.g. , building a solar plant ) against “ what would have happened ” , or what carbon eggheads call the “ baseline ” scenario ( e.g. , building a coal plant ) and counting the difference as a marketable credit .
The problems with both of these types of projects is that they ’re very difficult to measure .
How much carbon does a eucalyptus plantation really sequester ?
How is it measured ?
Are the sites actually monitored , or are they based on models ?
If the latter , who is doing the modeling ?
It ’s important to realise that the Kyoto signatories have plunged ahead largely without waiting for answers to these questions , and that many of those organisations that are now supposedly in a position to answer them are also the ones who stand to benefit most from the projects themselves .
CDM projects are even more difficult to measure .
Who determines what a “ baseline ” scenario is ?
Who determines how much carbon a “ clean ” project really offsets ?
The ability to do any of this rests rather centrally on being able to treat different development activities as being equivalent to carbon .
As Lohmann writes :
The credits derived from various ‘ baseline - and - credit ’ schemes are different both from each other and from the emissions allowances associated with ‘ cap and trade ’ schemes .
Destroying the industrial greenhouse gas HFC - 23 is not the same as investing in windmills .
Making your chemical plant more efficient is not the same as supplying efficient light bulbs to Jamaica .
Planting trees is not the same as refraining from flying to the Maldives for a holiday .
Yet all of these things need to be verified to be ‘ climatically equivalent ’ for credit trading to work .
In fact , the United Nations and other carbon trading advocates go so far as to claim that the carbon projects they are promoting are not only ‘ equivalent to ’ , or ‘ compensate for ’ , emissions reductions , but actually are emissions reductions .
They assert that planting eucalyptus trees , building hydroelectric dams , burning methane or instituting efficiency programmes are ‘ reducing emissions ’ just as much as halting the flow of coal into a boiler , even if no emissions are being reduced .
So the first problem is that none of these things are obviously equivalent to one another .
The second problem is that even if they were , there is absolutely no way to verify it against a “ baseline ” , which is nothing more than a quantified “ what - if ” story as told by a carbon trader .
Estimates of the baseline can vary by orders of magnitude depending on even small differences in accounting assumptions , much less big ones , like figuring out whether or not a project is “ non-additional ” to what “ would have happened anyway ” .
Firms can ( and do ) literally pull huge reductions claims from thin air , and it ’s difficult to see how this could ever result in actual reductions in carbon emissions .
In 2003 , for example , the Asian Development Bank funded the proposed Xiaogushan dam in China , portraying it as the cheapest and most economically robust alternative for expanding electricity generation in Gansu province .
Construction went ahead without any mention being made of the need to secure CDM funding beforehand , and was scheduled to be completed in 2006 .
Yet in a June 2005 application for Xiaogushan to be considered as a CDM project , the World Bank claims that without CDM support , the dam ‘ would not have been able to reach financial closure , mitigate the high project risk , and commence the project constructions ’ .
Similarly , CDM credits are being sought for the Bumbuna hydroelectric project in Sierra Leone on the grounds that the project is unviable without them , although the project was approved for financing by the World Bank in 2005 as the least - cost project for the country ’s power sector .
In one Latin American country , consultants tippexed out the name of a hydroelectric dam from a copy of a national development plan in an attempt to show that the dam was not already planned or ‘ business as usual ’ and therefore was deserving of carbon finance .
At an event arranged by the International Emissions Trading Association in Milan in 2003 , a representative of the Asian Development Bank confided that his institution ’s first reaction to the CDM was to go through its existing portfolio to see which projects ’ funding might be topped up with carbon finance .
No one was under any illusion that carbon money would be used for anything other than what the bank itself acknowledged to be business as usual .
Once again , it ’s difficult to see how these offsets might be reasonably calculated , even after compensating for control fraud .
Fraud alone is not the only problem here , and there is little reason to think that carbon markets might be fixed by a little regulation and discipline .
Below the fraud is an additional layer of offset quantification problems — from model accuracy to emissions monitoring — which seem intractable given the state of the energy industry we have today , even if we assume we are working within an environment of transparency and good faith — and we are not .
Of course it is conceivable that the energy industry of the future will have the technological and organisational capacity to overcome some of these hurdles , but decades of inaction and denial have left us without the luxury of being able to fight climate change with the energy industry of the future .
It must be confronted with the industry we have today .
But below this — the problem of quantification — is a third additional layer of difficulty , namely the incommensurable foundations underneath the credits themselves : saying that planting a tree or screwing in an efficient light bulb is the same thing as an “ emission reduction ” ought to be a non-starter , at least insofar as the state of the atmosphere is concerned .
One either burns more or less fossil fuel than before , and creating a system where we have to simply hope that all these different and dubiously - equivalent “ offset ” products will coordinate to add up to a reduction seems like a preposterous and circumlocutious way to reduce emissions ( ironically , this accusation of uncertainty is what defenders of carbon trading , like Tim Flannery , lob at carbon taxation ) .
Very little about the system makes sense unless one interprets it as not a way to reduce emissions , but rather as a mechanism that allows for corporate industry to continue unchallenged .
Better or worse than doing nothing ?
Nevertheless , as we have seen , many prominent environmental organisations have put their weight behind carbon trading as the “ default ” solution to the climate problem .
Whether out of optimism or self - interest , some see it as a genuinely effective way to deal with carbon emissions .
Others are simply desperate for some kind of action and are willing to agree to virtually anything , so long as it means leaving the era of US denial .
At this point it might be reasonable to question whether or not doing something bad is better or worse than doing nothing at all .
For example , if we imagine that carbon trading were a clunky , convoluted but ultimately effective way of reducing carbon emissions , then it is difficult to interpret it as being worse than nothing .
From the US Congress to the “ grassroots ” organisations like 350.org , many seem to feel this way as we approach the Copenhagen summit .
In a recent interview , Tim Flannery , chair of the Copenhagen Climate Council , summarised what I think a lot of mainstream environmentalists feel about cap and trade policy :
Look , cap and trade does work .
It does do part of the job we need to do to get to where we need to go .
We see that in Europe .
They had a similar system of giving away permits .
But the five per cent reduction over 1990 levels that that cap - and - trade system was intended to generate have actually happened .
The US — I know the bill is n’t perfect .
I know there ’s a lot of giveaways in it , and I know a lot of people are n’t happy about provisions for subsidies for nuclear power and so forth .
But we just have to get moving on this .
We have to empower the president of the most powerful nation on earth to be able to negotiate and lead .
And cap and trade is really about that .
First of all , the European cap and trade system did not reduce emissions below 5 % of 1990 levels .
The first phase of the European Trading System suffered from market volatility , windfall profits for energy companies , and above all it failed to reduce emissions at all — that is to say , it did everything skeptics of carbon trading would expect it to do .
Granted , the first phase of the European trading system was intended to be a pilot project from the very beginning , but it is simply inaccurate to point to it as a success story , much less as any kind of proof that “ cap and trade does work ” ; even the trade - friendly Climate Action Network panned the first phase of ETS as a “ major disappointment ” .
It ’s also worth noting that Flannery is speaking as though the European example demonstrates that the pollution giveaways are n’t a serious problem .
In fact , the pollution permits in the European trading scheme were generous to the point of crashing their carbon market and making their credits virtually worthless .
Again , his presentation is very misleading .
But let ’s return to this rhetoric of imperfection .
It is one thing to support something imperfect but functional .
But it is another thing to support something that is imperfect , decidedly non-functional , and that has the potential for additional destruction .
The problem Lohmann and other critics of carbon trading recognise is n’t merely that it ’s flawed , or that it wo n’t work , but that it actually introduces a new and uniquely social threat to the atmosphere : the legal right to pollute it .
Once these rights are given , and once the interests behind them become entrenched ( or more entrenched than they already are ) , it seems like we will be in a decidedly worse position to do anything about it .
Very few environmentalists , leftists and others seem to be looking to the upcoming Copenhagen Summit with this concern in mind , nor do they appear to be aware of the toxic duplicity of some of the world ’s most prominent environmental organisations in supporting policies that are demonstrably bad - faithed in intent and fraudulent in their practice .
Most assume that anything is better than nothing , and in this regard one could n’t be more wrong .
[ This article first appeared at Fragments .
It is posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with the author 's permission . ]
Romantic lesbian AI erotica .
GLaDOS is the intellectual property of Valve , while SHODAN is of course the property of whoever owns the corpse of Looking Glass Studios .
This is the second piece of SHODAN / GLaDOS rule 34ing I did ; the first , sillier one is here .
Also I did a much sillier one some time later .
Waving goodbye to human space flight ( Image : NASA )
Michael Hanlon
SO WE wo n’t be going to Mars , not in my lifetime anyway .
And not back to the moon either , not for decades .
Buzz Lightyear fantasies are dashed .
Do n’t believe the spin – the dream is over .
OK , the Augustine panel ’s review of NASA ’s human space - flight plans outlines several options .
Mars may be out , but the moon is still in with a shout , and plans to go to the Lagrange points and even the asteroids are mooted .
Technically , all this is probably doable .
But it wo n’t happen , and here ’s why .
The problem …
It was an ecological disaster that occurred on the other side of the planet .
Yet the drought that devastated the Australian wheat harvest last year had consequences that shook the world .
It sent food prices soaring in every nation .
Wheat prices across the globe soared by 130 % , while shopping bills in Britain leapt by 15 % .
A year later and the cost of food today has still to fall to previous levels .
More alarmingly , scientists are warning that far worse lies ahead .
A " perfect storm " of food shortages and water scarcity now threatens to unleash public unrest and conflict in the next 20 years , the government 's chief scientist , Professor John Beddington , has warned .
In Britain , a global food shortage would drive up import costs and make food more expensive , just as the nation 's farmers start to feel the impact of disrupted rainfall and rising temperatures caused by climate change .
" If we do n't address this , we can expect major destabilisation , an increase in rioting and potentially significant problems with international migration , as people move to avoid food and water shortages , " he told a conference earlier this year .
The reliable availability of food – once taken for granted – has become a major cause for alarm among politicians and scientists .
Next month several of Britain 's research councils , together with the Food Standards Agency , the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs and the Department for International Development – will announce a taskforce that will channel the UK 's efforts in feeding its own population and playing a full role in preventing starvation in other nations .
The problem is summed up by Professor Janet Allen , director of research at the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council ( BBSRC ) .
" We will have to grow more food on less land using less water and less fertiliser while producing fewer greenhouse gas emissions , " she said .
No one said science was easy , of course .
Nevertheless , the scale of the problem is striking .
It is also unprecedented , says Professor Mike Bevan , acting director of the John Innes Centre in Norfolk .
" We are going to have to produce as much food in the next 50 years as was produced over the past 5,000 years .
Nothing less will do . "
It is a staggering goal that highlights the depth of the food security crisis that Britain and the world face .
Over the next 40 years Britain 's population will rise from 60 to 75 million while the world 's will leap from 6.8 to 9 billion .
Feeding all these people will stretch human ingenuity to its limit .
Crop yields will have to jump , a goal that will have to be achieved in the middle of global climatic disruption .
At the same time , farmers will find many aids – in particular , chemical fertilisers – that they have come to rely on will no longer be available .
" People do not quite realise the scale of the issue , " added Bevan .
" This is one of the most serious problems that science has ever faced . "
In Britain the lives of hundreds of thousands of people will be threatened by food shortages .
Across the globe , tens of millions – if not hundreds of millions – will be affected .
Consider the problems that affect just one crop : wheat .
This is the most widely grown cereal in Britain .
British farmers excel at its cultivation .
Today yields in Britain average between 8 and 10 tonnes a hectare , some of the highest in the world .
Yet only 50 years ago UK yields were only 4 or 5 tonnes a hectare .
It took a green revolution in the 1960s that involved the development of new crop varieties , greater use of agro-chemicals and changes in farming practices to double production by the 1980s .
Now a second revolution of equivalent magnitude is urgently required , say food scientists .
" We can certainly do it , although it wo n't be easy , " said Bevan .
For a start , farmers will have to increase yields using greatly reduced amounts of agro-fertilisers because their manufacture is energy - intensive .
Some 3 % of the world 's energy is used in the manufacture of fertilisers and in a post - Copenhagen world , dominated by renewable energy , such carbon consumption is likely to be prohibited .
" What we need are major research programmes to create new crop yields that , in effect , make their own fertiliser and will also be disease - resistant and more resistant to droughts and rising temperatures , " added Bevan .
In this country , one such programme dedicated to improving wheat varieties is scheduled to be launched next year as part of Britain 's food security initiative .
This will exploit cutting - edge DNA technology to speed up wheat breeding projects to develop new drought - resistant , low - fertiliser strains , though the programme will stop short of the creation of genetically modified strains .
" The wheat we use today is a hybrid , created by ancient farmers 10,000 years ago , from three different species of wild grass , " said Bevan .
" We are going back to these first types of grass and from varieties of these create fresh hybrids . "
The importance of creating new crop varieties is also demonstrated by another threat to food production , the appearance of new crop diseases .
For example , in 1999 a new variety of the wheat disease – black stem rust – appeared in Uganda .
Since then , Ug99 has spread across Africa and Asia , destroying harvests and threatening the lives of millions .
However , scientists have recently discovered a strain of wheat , known as Sharon grass , that is resistant to Ug99 , raising hopes that the outbreak could be contained .
" Creating ranges of new crop varieties is going to be vital in feeding the world , " said Allen .
The farmers of tomorrow will not only have to improve yields using less fertiliser , they will also have to be increasingly wary of new agricultural pests and diseases as global temperatures have risen and more and more devastating varieties of viruses and fungi have spread around the globe .
Britain will not be immune .
A classic example is provided by bluetongue disease , a virus that affects cattle , sheep , deer and goats and is spread by midges .
Sheep are especially vulnerable and one in three can die if infected .
The disease was unknown in north - west Europe until 2006 , when an outbreak occurred in Holland and spread to nearby countries .
Then , in 2007 , it spread to Britain .
Only swift action by agricultural authorities halted its advance .
In future this will be harder to achieve .
" The problem is that the life cycles of diseases such as bluetongue speed up as temperatures go up , " said Dr Chris Oura , of the Institute for Animal Health in Newbury .
" The warmer it gets , the more infective they become . "
Bluetongue could soon return .
More importantly , it is only one of many other exotic , potentially devastating livestock ailments that could be spread by insects .
" Bluetongue appeared out of the blue .
And that could happen again .
Other diseases like epizootic haemorrhagic disease ( EHD ) and African horse sickness are also spread by midges and threaten Europe and Britain , " added Oura .
However , it is not just global warming that is increasing the risk of deadly new epidemics of livestock disease .
Globalisation itself threatens to bring infestation in its wake .
An important , and very worrying , example is provided by African swine fever virus , said Oura .
" As its names suggests , it infects pigs .
There is no cure and no vaccine and it kills every animal it infects .
Recently the disease emerged from Mozambique and has spread along shipping routes around the coast of Africa and into central Asia .
Should it appear in Britain , it would be devastating .
And were it to strike in China , where there is a massive consumption of pork , it would be a disaster .
Apart from the hardship there , pork prices around the world would soar . "
British pig farmers might do well , but the public would face a major jump in the price of a basic commodity .
The key to preventing such a scenario is science , said Oura .
" We had the right vaccine to deal with the strain of bluetongue that hit Britain .
We now need to develop vaccines that will halt diseases like EHD or African swine fever and contain them long before they ever hit our shores . "
This work is another key priority for researchers .
Changes are not confined to exotic foreign viruses .
Many of the pests that have been part of the British agricultural scene for centuries are also likely to gain new leases of life as climate change takes a grip on the country .
A perfect example is provided by the aphid .
" Aphids are one of the country 's main agricultural pests and they inflict about £ 100 m of damage to cereal crops a year , " said Richard Harrington , of the Rothamsted agricultural research centre .
" But as the weather gets warmer and warmer , aphids are now arriving in fields far earlier than they used to do , and that is bad news .
Crops in early spring are younger and more susceptible both to the damage inflicted by the aphid itself and also by the viruses they carry .
It 's a double whammy and it is leading to increases in crop loss – unless we find new ways to tackle aphid infestation . "
One answer is to use increased amounts of pesticides .
However , this solution is limited by the spread of pesticide - resistance and by the EU 's increased antipathy to their use because of potentially toxic side - effects .
" It is quite clear that we need to take a more sustainable route to pest control , " added Harrington .
One ingenious solution involves planting nettles around wheat fields .
Parasitic wasps arrive to feed off the aphids that are found in nettles .
Then , as the neighbouring wheat grows and aphid infestations arrive , there is a ready supply of wasp predators to deal with them .
" About 40 % of crops in Britain are vulnerable to destruction by weeds , fungi and insects , " added Dr Tom Hooper , another Rothamsted researcher .
" We have got to find sustainable ways to prevent that from happening if we want to maintain and increase food production in future . "
Of course , some answers to the threat of the forthcoming perfect storm and the threat to our food security involve political and economic solutions as well .
The end of cheap supermarket deals , restraints on water use and the need to change farming practice have all been touted .
In the case of farming practices , economists argue that small farms are too inefficient and should be incorporated into larger outfits , for example .
Owners of small hill farms oppose the idea , however .
Economic or political changes will certainly be needed if Britain is to face the challenge ahead .
However , it is now accepted that science will play the principal role in Britain 's battle to ensure the nation can rely on food security in the future .
Whether it has the funds to do so remains uncertain .
A total of £ 600 m was cut from the nation 's science funding last week .
Scarcely an auspicious start to our battle to survive the perfect storm .
BBSRC : www.foodsecurity.ac.uk
It is very hard for the average person in the street to come to a sensible conclusion on peak oil .
It 's a subject that prompts a passionate polarisation of views .
The peak oilists sometimes sound like those extraordinary Christians with sandwich boards proclaiming that the end of the world is nigh .
In contrast , the the international economic establishment – including the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) – has one very clear purpose in mind at all times : do n't panic .
Their mission seems to be focused on keeping jittery markets calm .
Faced with these options the majority of people shrug their shoulders in confusion and ignore the trickle of whistleblowers , industry insiders and careful analysts who have been warning of the imminent decline in oil for over a decade now .
Remember the Queen 's question – that uncannily accurate and strikingly obvious question she put to economists at the London School of Economics a year ago after the financial crisis : did no one see it coming ?
Apply that question to peak oil and the answer is that many people did see it coming but they were marginalised , bullied into silence and the evidence was buried in the small print .
Take the 2008 edition of World Energy Outlook , the annual report on which the entire energy industry and governments depend .
It included the table also published by the Guardian today , and the version I saw had shorter intervals on the horizontal axis .
What it made blindingly clear was that peak oil was somewhere in 2008/ 9 and that production from currently producing fields was about to drop off a cliff .
Fields yet to be developed and yet to be found enabled a plateau of production and it was only " non-conventional oil " which enabled a small rise .
Think tar sands of Canada , think some of the most climate polluting oil extraction methods available .
Think catastrophe .
What made this little graph so devastating was that it estimated energy resources by 2030 that were woefully inadequate for the energy - hungry economies of India and China .
Business as usual in oil production threatens massive conflict over sharing it .
Now , this all seemed pretty gigantic news to me but guess where the World Energy Outlook chose to put this graph ?
Was it in the front , was it prominently discussed in the foreword ?
Did it cause headlines around the world .
No , no , no .
It was buried deep into the report and no reference was made to it in the press conference a year ago .
The fear is that panicky markets can cause enormous damage – panic - buying that prompts fights over resources , which in turn could lead to power cuts in some places and other such mayhem .
But so far in facing this huge challenge , our political / economic system seems unable to cope with reality .
We are forced to carry on living in an illusion that we have so much time to adapt to post - oil that we do n't even need to be talking or thinking much about what a world without plentiful oil would look like .
Reality has become too dangerous .
So in reply to the Queen 's question of a few years hence , we did see it coming but we chose to ignore it .
A synthetic chemical similar to the active ingredient in marijuana makes new cells grow in rat brains .
What is more , in rats this cell growth appears to be linked with reducing anxiety and depression .
The results suggest that marijuana , or its derivatives , could actually be good for the brain .
In mammals , new nerve cells are constantly being produced in a part of the brain called the hippocampus , which is associated with learning , memory , anxiety and depression .
Other recreational drugs , such as alcohol , nicotine and cocaine , have been shown to suppress this new growth .
Xia Zhang of the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon , Canada , and colleagues decided to see what effects a synthetic cannabinoid called HU210 had on rats ’ brains .
They found that giving rats high doses of HU210 twice a day for 10 days increased the rate of nerve cell formation , or neurogenesis , in the hippocampus by about 40 % .
Just like Prozac ?
A previous study showed that the antidepressant fluoxetine ( Prozac ) also increases new cell growth , and the results indicated that it was this cell growth that caused Prozac ’s anti-anxiety effect .
Zhang wondered whether this was also the case for the cannabinoid , and so he tested the rats for behavioural changes .
Advertisement
When the rats who had received the cannabinoid were placed under stress , they showed fewer signs of anxiety and depression than rats who had not had the treatment .
When neurogenesis was halted in these rats using X - rays , this effect disappeared , indicating that the new cell growth might be responsible for the behavioural changes .
In another study , Barry Jacobs , a neuroscientist at Princeton University , gave mice the natural cannabinoid found in marijuana , THC ( D9 - tetrahydrocannabinol ) ) .
But he says he detected no neurogenesis , no matter what dose he gave or the length of time he gave it for .
He will present his results at the Society for Neuroscience meeting in Washington DC in November .
Jacobs says it could be that HU210 and THC do not have the same effect on cell growth .
It could also be the case that cannabinoids behave differently in different rodent species – which leaves open the question of how they behave in humans .
Zhang says more research is needed before it is clear whether cannabinoids could some day be used to treat depression in humans .
Journal reference : Journal of Clinical Investigation ( DOI : 10.1172/JCI25509 )
You 've heard all those Muni horror stories , but nothing quite compares to the account of a 32 - year - old Berkeley woman who suspects a deranged man followed her off a bus and stole her teeth .
Elena Aronson says she was riding a Muni bus to work back on April 6 on Van Ness Avenue when a man sitting next to her fixed his gaze on her teeth , and said , " I want them . "
" He kept saying how my teeth were beautiful , like the moon and the stars , " she recalled .
Aronson , who grew up riding buses on the South Side of Chicago and later in New York , had never encountered anything quite like it .
She decided to make a quick exit .
The next thing Aronson recalls is being on her knees outside the bus , bleeding profusely from her torn lip - with her two upper front teeth missing .
As a crowd gathered around her , a man scooped her off the pavement and drove her to a hospital , where she spent the next two days recovering .
Police took a report , but it was weeks before her memory returned .
Even now , she does n't remember the man following her off the bus or being hit .
And no witnesses came forward to tell police about it .
As a result , the police were n't sure exactly what had happened .
When Aronson met with a police investigator a month later , she says , " He basically laughed me out of the office . "
As for Muni , spokesman Judson
True said that because the incident happened off the bus , " We would n't have known about it . "
Nor was he aware of any request from police for Muni surveillance video that might have shown Aronson being followed off the bus .
Added insult : Despite having health insurance , Aronson says she was saddled with more than $ 11,500 in hospital and medical bills - including the $ 4,500 it cost for her replacement teeth .
Aronson went to the district attorney 's victim assistance program for help , but she says they turned her down , citing a lack of evidence .
Aronson finally called us for help .
We spoke to the police investigator , Inspector Ray Luk , who said he did n't doubt Aronson 's story - but he also was n't hopeful about catching the tooth bandit , much less prosecuting anyone for the crime .
" She thinks this is what happened to her , but we can't really go to court based on what she thinks happened , " he said .
And even if the cops found a Muni video showing someone following her off the bus , it would n't prove that a crime had happened .
Nonetheless , our call must have gotten the department 's attention .
Luk has since been in regular contact with Aronson , she says , and just days ago - seven months after the incident - a police sketch artist helped her come up with what she considers a dead - on image of the man who liked her teeth .
Aronson says she 's under no illusion that the sketch will lead to the arrest of the man she believes attacked her , but at least now police have a picture of him if he strikes again .
And now - with completed police paperwork describing her as the victim of an aggravated assault - Aronson is appealing the decision to deny her victims assistance .
" It feels amazing to be treated as I 'm supposed to be treated , " she said .
Hot seat : Publicly , state Democrats are raising questions about the nomination of GOP state Sen.
Abel Maldonado to replace Rep. John Garamendi as lieutenant governor because it means spending $ 2 million for a special election to fill his Senate seat .
Privately , however , Dems tell us their real fear is that they wo n't be able to get a big enough turnout in a special election for a Democrat to win the district , which runs all the way from Los Gatos to San Luis Obispo .
No O in A's : Talk about playing the Grinch .
The Oakland A's have just announced their " 2009 A's Holiday Caravan " lineup - four days of meet and greets with players and the team 's mascot at hospitals , holiday parades and malls - with not a single one of the events taking place in the team 's hometown .
The schedule of the caravan 's stops from Dec. 3 to Dec. 6 shows outfielder Rajai Davis , pitcher Brad Ziegler and team mascot Stomper are headed to Walnut Creek , San Ramon , Emeryville and Pleasanton .
The big finale : Three appearances in San Jose , including taking part in the San Jose Holiday Parade .
Get the hint ?
For the record , a team rep says there was no slight of Oakland intended - but there 's also no plan to add an Oakland event .
EXTRA !
Catch our blog at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
Washington ( CNN ) --
Some terrorism suspects held in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , will be moved to an Illinois prison that the federal government will buy to hold them , the Obama administration announced Tuesday .
Fewer than 100 Guantanamo detainees would come to the maximum - security Thomas Correctional Center , 150 miles west of Chicago , said Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin , D - Illinois .
Republican Rep. Mark Kirk of Illinois put the figure at 70 .
An executive order issued by President Obama called for Attorney General Eric Holder to purchase the nearly vacant prison and for Secretary of Defense Robert Gates to " prepare the [ prison ] for secure housing of detainees currently held at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base who have been or will be designated for relocation , and shall relocate such detainees to the [ prison ] , consistent with laws related to Guantanamo detainees . "
The federal government will enhance one section of the prison to make it exceed perimeter security standards at the nation 's only " supermax " prison in Colorado , according to a letter to Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn signed by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Gates , Holder , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and National Intelligence Director Dennis Blair .
About 215 detainees are held at the controversial U.S. detention facility in Cuba , and finding a place to move some of the detainees was crucial to government plans to close it .
By closing Guantanamo , " we are removing from terrorist organizations around the world the recruiting tool " the detention center symbolizes , said retired Marine Gen.
James Jones , the national security adviser .
At a White House briefing , senior administration officials authorized to speak on background said the Thomson prison would receive Guantanamo detainees facing trial in U.S. courts or by military commission .
Detainees being sent to other countries would travel directly from Guantanamo without coming to the United States , they said .
Obama " has no intention of releasing any detainees in the United States , " said the letter to Quinn .
" Current law effectively bars the release of the Guantanamo detainees on U.S. soil , and the federal government has broad authority under current law to detain individuals during removal proceedings and pending the execution of final removal orders . "
Read White House letter to Quinn ( PDF )
However , senior administration officials in said current law would have to change for any Guantanamo suspects facing indefinite detention to be transferred to U.S. soil .
Quinn welcomed the plan , saying it would bring badly needed jobs to the region and help serve the national security interest .
He said Illinois would charge a fair market price for the prison , which cost $ 145 million to build in 2001 .
" The local community is united in wanting to have this federal prison located in Thomson , Illinois , " Quinn said .
Republicans criticized the plan for bringing terrorism suspects into the country despite questions over the legality of terms of their continued detention .
" Without a vote , a public hearing or a detailed plan , the governor and the administration are moving quickly to force the citizens of Illinois to accept this risk , " Kirk said .
In a statement by Military Families United , the former commander of the USS Cole , which was attacked by al Qaeda in Yemen in 2000 , called closing Guantanamo a mistake .
" Congress and the American people must now stand up and prevent our communities , our justice system and our hard - earned money from being used by the Administration to prop up , perhaps , the most dangerous campaign promise ever uttered , " the statement quoted Kirk Lippold as saying .
An anti-Guantanamo group welcomed the development .
" We applaud the Obama administration for taking an important step forward toward closing the debacle in Guantanamo Bay , " said former Rep. Tom Andrews , director of the National Campaign to Close Guantanamo .
" President Obama is standing with Gen. Colin Powell , who has long called for the closure of Gitmo , and standing up to the politics of fear and manipulation , " he said in a statement .
" It 's time for Congress to stop playing politics and join the president in removing this stain from America 's standing in the world , save American taxpayers millions of dollars and deny al Qaeda one of its most potent recruiting tools . "
The Obama administration hoped to close the prison by January but has admitted that it will not meet that goal .
Illinois state officials have said the plan would call for housing federal prisoners , including some Guantanamo detainees , in the largely vacant maximum - security facility in northern Illinois .
The letter to Quinn said federal prisoners from overcrowded facilities elsewhere would be transferred to the Thomson prison , which also will house Guantanamo detainees in the specially secured section .
The governor and other officials have said that such a deal could provide 2,000 local jobs and up to $ 1 billion in federal money to the area .
Durbin , the Senate 's second - ranking Democrat , said in November that federal officials indicated that fewer than 100 detainees from Guantanamo would be housed in the 1,600 - bed facility .
They would be in a wing under the control of the Department of Defense , while the Bureau of Prisons would assume responsibility for the rest of the facility .
The Thomson prison was built in 2001 and sat empty for five years because the state lacked the resources to open it .
Despite being built as a maximum - security facility , it houses 144 minimum - security male inmates , according to the Illinois Department of Corrections Web site .
Among the Guantanamo detainees are five with alleged ties to the September 11 conspiracy , including accused mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , who will be transferred to New York for trial in civilian court .
CNN White House Correspondent Dan Lothian and Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .
Page 1A
For feds , more get 6 - figure salaries
Average pay $ 30,000 over private sector
The number of federal workers earning six - figure salaries has exploded during the recession , according to a USA TODAY analysis of federal salary data .
Federal employees making salaries of $ 100,000 or more jumped from 14 % to 19 % of civil servants during the recession 's first 18 months — and that 's before overtime pay and bonuses are counted .
Federal workers are enjoying an extraordinary boom time — in pay and hiring — during a recession that has cost 7.3 million jobs in the private sector .
The highest - paid federal employees are doing best of all on salary increases .
Defense Department civilian employees earning $ 150,000 or more increased from 1,868 in December 2007 to 10,100 in June 2009 , the most recent figure available .
When the recession started , the Transportation Department had only one person earning a salary of $ 170,000 or more .
Eighteen months later , 1,690 employees had salaries above $ 170,000 .
The trend to six - figure salaries is occurring throughout the federal government , in agencies big and small , high - tech and low - tech .
The primary cause : substantial pay raises and new salary rules .
" There 's no way to justify this to the American people .
It 's ridiculous , " says Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R - Utah , a first - term lawmaker who is on the House 's federal workforce subcommittee .
Jessica Klement , government affairs director for the Federal Managers Association , says the federal workforce is highly paid because the government employs skilled people such as scientists , physicians and lawyers .
She says federal employees make 26 % less than private workers for comparable jobs .
USA TODAY analyzed the Office of Personnel Management 's database that tracks salaries of more than 2 million federal workers .
Excluded from OPM 's data : the White House , Congress , the Postal Service , intelligence agencies and uniformed military personnel .
The growth in six - figure salaries has pushed the average federal worker 's pay to $ 71,206 , compared with $ 40,331 in the private sector .
Key reasons for the boom in six - figure salaries :
• Pay hikes .
Then - president Bush recommended — and Congress approved — across - the - board raises of 3 % in January 2008 and 3.9 % in January 2009 .
President Obama has recommended 2 % pay raises in January 2010 , the smallest since 1975 .
Most federal workers also get longevity pay hikes — called steps — that average 1.5 % per year .
• New pay system .
Congress created a new National Security Personnel System for the Defense Department to reward merit , in addition to the across - the - board increases .
The merit raises , which started in January 2008 , were larger than expected and rewarded high - ranking employees .
In October , Congress voted to end the new pay scale by 2012 .
• Pay caps eased .
Many top civil servants are prohibited from making more than an agency 's leader .
But if Congress lifts the boss ' salary , others get raises , too .
When the Federal Aviation Administration chief 's salary rose , nearly 1,700 employees ' had their salaries lifted above $ 170,000 , too .
# 16 : The Blank Check , by René Magritte
Le blanc - seing ( The Blank Check ) , by René Magritte
This analysis copyright 2009 , Scott M. McDaniel
The Image
The first time I read Scott McCloud ’s Understanding Comics what he did with René Magritte ’s painting The Treachery of Images made me laugh out loud with delight .
( The phrase in the painting means “ This is not a pipe . ” )
I did n’t know who Magritte was at the time , so McCloud ’s book was a welcome introduction .
His most famous paintings are the visual equivalents of jokes – sometimes sly and subtle but always smart .
Some of them , like The Rape I , are serious jokes that challenge more than they make us laugh .
Others are visual puns , like The Collective Invention .
All of them , though , try to knock you out of your usual mindset by tweaking something we take for granted and showing us how strange it is .
Why is a half - fish , half - woman normal when the top part is the woman ?
Why not the fish ?
When someone looks at a woman as a sex object , does she have a face at all ?
I suppose I ’m dating myself , but I first saw a version of Le blanc - seing ( The Blank Check ) as the cover for the Styx album “ The Grand Illusion ” years before I read Understanding Comics .
For this picture Magritte is playing with perception and the techniques we use all the time as illustrators .
It ’s a classic case of knowing the rules of perception well enough to know just how to break them .
The two principles he plays with the most are occlusion and closure .
( See the Leyendecker analysis for more on closure . )
The Closure Part
Closure is what happens when our brains take a few separate parts of a picture and , because they ’re lined up just right , interprets them as a single object .
( McCloud talks about it too in the context of filling in what happens between panels in a comic . )
If we black out everything except the horse , it ’s easy for closure to do its job and give us a single object .
While in reality , all we have are pieces - parts :
We also use closure on the trees .
In this case we can see some strangeness with occlusion going on , but we still read the broken trees as being a single thing .
The arrow points to the foliage , which is particularly important .
The smaller tree in the background passes over the horse ’s body .
The foliage there lets Magritte keep the relationship between the smaller tree and the larger one ambiguous .
It ’s one of our clues that we ’ve fallen into a space warp .
The Occlusion Part
Occlusion , which to me sounds like a horrible eye disease , is simply the name for when something overlaps something else .
It ’s in the perspective toolbox – Object A appears to be in front of Object B if it overlaps it , like so :
When Circle A ’s outline interrupts Circle B’s , A occludes B . ( If A ’s and B ’s lines just barely touch each other it ’s called a tangent .
In that case , the occlusion info in the picture is ambiguous – one reason tangents are n’t a good idea . )
Our brains constantly use both occlusion and closure to create what we see .
Almost always the occlusion and closure information reinforce each other and we get an even stronger impression of space and objects .
That impression of what we see , though – it ’s not the same thing as what ’s really there .
It ’s just a model .
It leaves out all sorts of things and gets other things wrong .
Reminding us of this fact was a theme Magritte came back to over and over and over and over again .
I said that occlusion and closure almost always support each other , but not in this painting .
Magritte deliberately sets them against each other to see what will happen .
What ’s the result ?
An impossible image that somehow looks right for that split second when we first glance it .
By the time our conscious mind is getting around to saying , “ Wait a minute … ” the perceptual model has already been set up .
We ’ve already seen a woman on a horse riding through the woods .
That part is the joke ’s setup .
Punchlines in jokes involve some shift in context – an “ a ha ! ” moment .
All of Magritte ’s work in this painting is in the setup .
Because he ’s set up the closure information to contradict the occlusion information our model is wrong .
We supply the “ a ha ! ” for ourselves when we realize that the model is wrong .
Normally our visual processing is below consciousness ( thank God ! ) .
The only time we have to actually think about seeing is when our perceptual model is wrong .
Magritte ’s purpose , then , is to make us think about seeing .
To think about the fact that we are seeing something that cannot be real but then realize that it is anyway .
Sort of .
( If you doubt that we see things unconsciously , try looking at the letter A without reading it . )
The way Magritte sets up the joke is to have the background occlude certain parts of the foreground .
Let ’s look at the specific cases .
A : A tree that should be in the background passes in front of the horse ’s leg and body .
B : That same skinny tree appears to occlude the woman ’s arm and back .
The foliage that comes in around her head means that Magritte can let the larger tree on the right occlude the skinny tree without showing an explicit T intersection .
C : The vertical stripe of background foliage occludes the horse ’s body at the shoulder .
The Color and Values
While occlusion is the main perspective cue here , Magritte uses values and color to muddy the waters further , so to speak .
Warm colors tend to come forward while cool colors tend to recede , so Magritte has given the horse a warm color to bring it towards us .
He ’s given the woman a purple outfit which pushes her toward the background .
The far background is an even cooler color .
Since the background ’s cool color appears to overlap the horse ’s warm color we get conflicting data .
When I put on an adjustment layer in Photoshop and dropped the picture ’s saturation to 0 , we find a curious thing .
Magritte could n’t get away with a dramatic difference in values between the foreground and background .
Normally artists use high contrast to draw our eyes to the point of focus .
In practice , the foreground is significantly brighter or significantly darker than the foreground , but here Magritte had to keep them fairly close to each other since part of the point is to make us mix up foreground and background .
The trees are a little darker than the background .
The front part of the horse has the same value as the background foliage .
The horse ’s hindquarters are similar to the lighter side of the tree trunks .
The woman is closer in value to the background but still lighter than the trees .
Most paintings use values to help us read the picture better .
Not only does Magritte not follow that principle , he deliberately subverts it .
He uses values to help us misinterpret what we ’re seeing .
The Composition
One thing that Magritte does use traditionally is the golden section .
The right vertical of the grid goes right through one of the critical trees , and it also goes through the front part of the horse and its leg .
The left vertical line is the edge between another critical tree and the horse / background .
The lower left intersection of the grid is precisely where the horse ’s leg passes behind what should be a background tree – this placement is a critical part of the mind - frell .
The front - most tree , on the left , is right in the center of the left golden section .
Except of course that it ’s not the front - most tree .
Every tree in this painting is exactly on the picture plane – no closer and no farther .
And of course , none of them are trees .
You ’re looking at a painting of trees .
Or rather , a scan of a painting of trees .
Or perhaps your computer screen ’s reassembly of a digitized file of the scan of the trees .
What do you think of the joke ?
The Elements
Let ’s go through Lee Moyer ’s Elements of a Successful Illustration to finish things up .
Focus :
The focus is on the woman and the horse .
Because he can’t really use strong contrast , Magritte draws our attention to it with the color palette .
Composition and Design : Magritte places key parts of his illusion along golden sections and at their intersections .
Palette :
The horse is warm and comes forward , while the cool , desaturated background foliage recedes .
Mostly we have greens and browns with the horse being reddish .
Value : Magritte uses value to get us to confuse foreground with background .
For example , the front part of the horse is about as bright as the background foliage , while its hindquarters match the trees in value .
Mass : Magritte keeps things fairly flat , with just enough value variation to give an impression of mass and roundness .
If that sense were too strong , it would get in the way of the illusion .
Texture :
The trees and the background foliage have clear textures .
The horse and woman are smoother .
Though not critical to the illusion , the texture difference is one way we can distinguish the foreground horse and woman from the background elements .
Symbolism :
Other things yes , but I do n’t see any symbolism popping out at me here .
Micro / Macro :
The background elements have more detail than the foreground elements , though it merges into texture .
Ornament : Ornament would get in the way of the illusion , giving us irrelevant things to look at .
Magritte dispenses with it .
Narrative : Again , if we ’re trying to figure out what ’s going on in a story that means we ’re not paying attention to how we see .
We know a woman is riding a horse in the woods – that ’s all .
Juxtaposition : Foreground vs. background is the point of this painting .
Stylization : Magritte goes with a fairly flat style here .
It ’s not like paper cut-outs , but the flatness adds to the illusion .
Hyper - realism was never Magritte ’s style , though it does show up in a few paintings .
Character : Character is n’t the point of this painting .
I will speculate , though , that he chose an upper class woman as a nod to those who would be buying his paintings in galleries .
Tension :
The tension is n’t in the story – it ’s in our heads .
By mixing up the perceptual cues Magritte creates tension in our perceptual model .
The center does n’t hold and we have to do a double - take .
Line :
There ’s a strong vertical feel to the painting because of the edges between trees , foreground , and background .
Research / Reference : I did n’t find any descriptions of Magritte ’s approach to the painting , but things like this do n’t just spring out of head and hand by intuition .
It takes careful planning , studies , and prep work .
Vignette : Magritte used a clear vignette to help us with the closure .
It ’s a standard pose for the horse and rider that we ’re used to seeing , so it ’s easier for us to complete in our heads .
Perspective : Perspective does n’t always mean vanishing points .
Occlusion is a key tool in the perspective toolbox and is one of the keys to this painting .
Fun : I ’ve loved illusions like this since I was a small kid , and even chose Psychology as a major in college partially because they ’re so fascinating .
That ’s it for this time .
Next week we ’ll have a Caldecott medal winner involving flying frogs from the book Tuesday .
Berkeley High School is considering a controversial proposal to eliminate science labs and the five science teachers who teach them to free up more resources to help struggling students .
The proposal to put the science - lab cuts on the table was approved recently by Berkeley High's School Governance Council , a body of teachers , parents , and students who oversee a plan to change the structure of the high school to address Berkeley 's dismal racial achievement gap , where white students are doing far better than the state average while black and Latino students are doing worse .
Paul Gibson , an alternate parent representative on the School Governance Council , said that information presented at council meetings suggests that the science labs were largely classes for white students .
He said the decision to consider cutting the labs in order to redirect resources to underperforming students was virtually unanimous .
Science teachers were understandably horrified by the proposal .
" The majority of the science department believes that this major policy decision affecting the entire student body , the faculty , and the community has been made without any notification , without a hearing , " said Mardi Sicular - Mertens , the senior member of Berkeley High School 's science department , at last week 's school board meeting .
Sincular - Mertens , who has taught science at BHS for 24 years , said the possible cuts will impact her black students as well .
She says there are twelve African - American males in her AP classes and that her four environmental science classes are 17.5 percent African American and 13.9 percent Latino .
" As teachers , we are greatly saddened at the thought of losing the opportunity to help all of our students master the skills they need to find satisfaction and success in their education , " she told the board .
The full plan to close the racial achievement gap by altering the structure of the high school is known as the High School Redesign .
It will come before the Berkeley School Board as an information item at its January 13 meeting .
Generally , such agenda items are passed without debate , but if the school board chooses to play a more direct role in the High School Redesign , it could bring the item back as an action item at a future meeting .
School district spokesman Mark Coplan directed inquiries about the redesign to Richard Ng , the principal 's assistant at Berkeley High and member of the School Governance Council .
Ng did not return repeated calls for comment .
… Unless of course the “ House ” gets shut down on charges of corruption , fraud , bribery , price fixing and graft .
At which point the rest of the story just recedes into fading history .
Nobody gives much thought to Enron anymore these days …
However , back in it ’s heady heyday , Enron had become an energy giant with bets hedged into solar , wind , and of course its main play in natural gas .
Enron had also become a key proponent to the Kyoto Protocol which sought to trade in carbon offset credits , via a system very similar to the EPA ’s Sulphur Dioxide cap - trade program .
A program which Enron itself had already championed to demonstrate it ’s corporate environmental responsibility , while profitably reigning in the polluting activities of competing Coal - fired electricity production .
This was also an effective hedge against the performance of Enron ’s own natural gas assets – which clearly underpinned the more economical method of generating electricity , while the Sulphur Dioxide credits remained fully priced for coal driven power .
So now , as CO2 is becomes ‘ gameified ’ as well , let ’s consider the nature of a Cap& Trade solution to global warming .
Then ponder the crucial question , of whether we ’d prefer a Top - Down solution based in international finance mechanisms geared to beneit the brokers and players , or if we ’d rather try to change our Societies and our Economies through a more grass roots approach to positive Climate Change .
Consider the amount of power that ’s at the base of the pyramid , before hoping that Socio - Economic Change gets handed down from on high ?
For more Environmental Games you can also open :
“ Climate Change : Gaming the Odds ”
Since the time when Enron had placed it ’s first bets in SO2 stack - scrubbing , the underlying technologies have been greatly improved , the costs reduced , and therefore the market for SO2 credits has cooled significantly , since it ’s now cheaper to simply reduce SO2 emissions than to buy offsetting credits .
Of course , Enron has also taken its infamous fall from grace as well , but the potential for financial gains from such a cap - and - trade system was already very well demonstrated .
This credit trading system , which had been administered by the Chicago Board of Trade was now well established , and primed for a new application , but what would the next application be for this new way to print currency , erm “ credits ” – who ’s adoption would surely be driven by precisely tuned Political positions , and well publicised environmental necessities ?
As we all know , the next objective has been to commodetize CO2 into” carbon - credits ” .
Ultimately , by making huge economic and environmental gains in a market driven trade of these assets , Carbon offset credits are set to open up a world of possibilities .
” Enron stood to profit millions from global warming energy - trading schemes ” – Mike Carey
President of the Ohio Coal Association and American Coal Coalition
There ’s certainly so very much more to come on this subject , but for now let it suffice to say , that there ’s obviously a great deal of money to be made in the CO2 considerations , implications , and well - vested interests that underpin a properly publicized and well - managed Green Movement .
Please do n’t get up yet though , because this game is just getting underway …
Here ’s more about gains that are possible in a :
How sleazy could any company be with an adorable blue hippo for a mascot ?
Baltimore - based BlueHippo provides the answer : really , really sleazy .
The Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) has had it with the company , which offers computers on layaway to those too poor to buy one outright .
Buyers put up $ 99 to $ 124 in down payments , then make regular payments of $ 36 to $ 88 .
After 13 of these payments , the company says it will send out a computer , while the payments continue until the balance is paid off .
Unfortunately for the friendly folks at BlueHippo , the FTC smelled a scam .
People were simply not getting machines , and BlueHippo's " cancelation policy " required people to send in prepaid money orders first even if their account had enough money to cover the necessary fees -- not allowed under FTC consumer protection rules .
In 2008 , BlueHippo settled with the agency .
Under the terms of the deal , BlueHippo would pay up to $ 5 million into a " consumer restitution pool " to reimburse those who had been burned .
At the time , BlueHippo thought this was a great idea .
" The FTC staff was fair and professional , and after months of hard work we have fashioned a deal that satisfies all parties , " said Andrew Campbell , General Counsel of BlueHippo , last year .
" We are very excited about this settlement .
The FTC is our only national regulator and the country ’s most important consumer advocate .
We 've made tremendous progress growing our systems and programs since 2006 and we are very optimistic about our future . "
So , more than a year later , how did the plan turn out ?
Well , when the FTC files court documents in which it accuses a company of being a " money pit , " it 's safe to say that the government is n't entirely pleased .
Inside the " money pit "
According to the FTC , the company 's brazen business model continued without interruption after the 2008 settlement .
" In fact , in the year following entry of this Court 's Stipulated Final Judgment and Order for a Permanent Injunction , BlueHippo financed — at most — a single computer to the over 35,000 consumers who placed orders for computers that could be financed during the period , " the FTC told a court ( PDF ) yesterday .
In the meantime , the company took in a cool $ 15 million in payments from consumers , who do n't appear to have received anything in return .
Here 's how bad the situation was : according to an FTC footnote buried in the agency 's new court filing , " the shipment of this [ one ] computer was most likely in error , rather than a computer that BlueHippo intended to finance . "
Would you buy a computer on layaway from this hippo ?
In April 2009 , the FTC went back to the court and complained about the continued problematic behavior , seeking further penalties .
BlueHippo suddenly started shipping computers .
It had moved one machine between April 2008 and April 2009 , but after the court filing , it suddenly ordered 4,056 computers .
But this did n't impress the FTC , either , which points out that 2,594 of the customers who received machines had not even met BlueHippo 's financing criteria .
In other words , the glut of orders only showed that BlueHippo's " haphazard , litigation - driven efforts were not truly reflective of their business practices , but rather an effort to stave off further law enforcement action . "
BlueHippo also failed to do basic things like file the FTC reports it had agreed to as part of the agency 's oversight .
In April 2009 , a federal judge ordered the company to pay $ 2,500 a day until the report was filed ; it took the company five days , resulting in a $ 12,500 sanction .
But the report did n't please the judge , who took a look at it and then " imposed an additional daily sanction of $ 5,000 per day for BlueHippo 's continued failure to provide responsive information to the FTC . "
After another $ 20,000 in fines , BlueHippo finally turned over the detailed information in question .
Seeing red
The FTC has had it , and today went back to court asking a federal judge for a contempt order against BlueHippo .
" Years of broken promises by BlueHippo have left consumers seeing red , " said FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz in a statement .
" We ’re putting companies like this on notice :
If you mistreat consumers and thumb your nose at the courts , we will hold you accountable . "
Well , eventually .
All the pieces are in play for google to go with T - Mobile .
They offer a data only plan for 39.99 a month that comes without the subsidized phone .
If you remember when google bought Gizmo5 , it all makes sense now .
[ www.reddit.com]
As Democrats have stepped up their explicitly religious appeals to Catholic voters , these bishops have pushed back against the intrusion on their turf .
While Democrats talked of finding common ground on abortion , Archbishop Charles Chaput of Denver , the informal leader of this side of the American church , gave a much - publicized speech denouncing Obama as “ the most committed abortion rights candidate in history . ”
Chaput chose to publish his remarks on the Web site of a think tank co-founded by George — the man who had himself argued in an essay disseminated widely last fall through conservative circles , Fox News and Christian radio that Barack Obama was “ the most extreme pro-abortion candidate ever to seek ” the presidency .
George ’s role as an adviser to these bishops began more than 20 years ago , when he was a young professor and recent Ph.D. A mutual friend introduced him to the Rev. John Myers , then a bishop in Peoria , Ill. , who was working on a pastoral letter about the moral obligations of Catholic voters and politicians .
With George ’s assistance , Myers wrote a letter laying out the case that abortion , as the taking of a life , was a crime against the natural law of human reason , not merely a violation of Catholic theology .
Therefore , Myers and George argued , Catholic politicians and voters were wrong to write off the church ’s teachings as a matter of personal faith .
What ’s more , the letter warned , voting for a candidate or a law upholding abortion rights would almost invariably put a Catholic so far outside church teachings that he should not receive communion .
As the first systematic rebuttal to Mario Cuomo and other Catholic politicians who support abortion rights , the letter kicked off a now - familiar debate inside the church .
“ Whenever I venture out into the public square , I would almost invariably check it out with Robby first , ” Myers , now the archbishop of Newark , told me .
Many of the bishops , Myers says , rely on George as “ a touchstone ” and “ the pre-eminent Catholic intellectual . ”
Last spring , George was invited to address an audience that included many bishops at a conference in Washington .
He told them with typical bluntness that they should stop talking so much about the many policy issues they have taken up in the name of social justice .
They should concentrate their authority on “ the moral social ” issues like abortion , embryonic stem - cell research and same - sex marriage , where , he argued , the natural law and Gospel principles were clear .
To be sure , he said , he had no objections to bishops ' “ making utter nuisances of themselves ” about poverty and injustice , like the Old Testament prophets , as long as they did not advocate specific remedies .
They should stop lobbying for detailed economic policies like progressive tax rates , higher minimum wage and , presumably , the expansion of health care — “ matters of public policy upon which Gospel principles by themselves do not resolve differences of opinion among reasonable and well - informed people of good will , ” as George put it .
A few months later , in a July 17 letter to Congress , the bishops did something close to that in the health care debate .
Setting aside decades of calls for universal coverage , the bishops pledged to fight any bill that failed to block the use of federal subsidies for insurance covering abortion .
“ Stalin famously asked , ‘ How many divisions has the pope ? ’ ” George wrote to me in an e-mail message after House Speaker Nancy Pelosi allowed a vote on an amendment that satisfied the bishops ’ demands .
“ I guess Pelosi now knows . ”
In the American culture wars , George wants to redraw the lines .
It is the liberals , he argues , who are slaves to a faith - based “ secularist orthodoxy ” of “ feminism , multiculturalism , gay liberationism and lifestyle liberalism . ”
Conservatives , in contrast , speak from the high ground of nonsectarian public reason .
George is the leading voice for a group of Catholic scholars known as the new natural lawyers .
He argues for the enforcement of a moral code as strictly traditional as that of a religious fundamentalist .
What makes his natural law “ new ” is that it disavows dependence on divine revelation or biblical Scripture — or even history and anthropology .
Instead , George rests his ethics on a foundation of “ practical reason ” : “ invoking no authority beyond the authority of reason itself , ” as he put it in one essay .
George ’s admirers say he is revitalizing a strain of Catholic natural - law thinking that goes back to St. Thomas Aquinas .
His scholarship has earned him accolades from religious and secular institutions alike .
In one notable week two years ago , he received invitations to deliver prestigious lectures at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary and Harvard Law School .
His critics , including many of his fellow Catholic scholars , argue that he is turning the church into a tool of Republican Party .
They say he is too focused on the mechanics of sex and morality , neglecting the other sides of the Christian message : the corruption of human reason through original sin , the need for forgiveness and charity and the chance for redemption .
Citing George ’s comparison of Catholic scholars who support abortion rights to defenders of chattel slavery , Cathleen Kaveny of the Notre Dame Law School , another scholar of law and theology in the Thomistic tradition , has called George and his allies “ Rambo Catholics ” and “ ecclesiastical bullies . ”
I met George 20 years ago , when I was a Prince­ton student and he was praying for tenure .
The next time I saw him was in 2005 , when he invited me back for a postelection conference on the future of the conservative movement .
Rove spoke at lunch .
To a movement still stinging from decades of condescension , George brings gleaming Ivory Tower credentials : degrees in law and theology from Harvard ; a doctorate in philosophy of law from Oxford ; a Supreme Court fellowship ; and the endowed chair at Princeton that Woodrow Wilson once held .
Spending too Much the Wrong Way on the Wrong Things
First , I would like to thank John Mueller for his provocative essay .
In the current political context , it is refreshing to read challenging ideas on such a sensitive topic as homeland security and terrorism threats .
Since September 11th , Congress has appropriated nearly $ 271.5 billion to protect the American homeland from terrorism — roughly $ 545 per American household .
Not surprisingly , outlays have jumped since 9/11 — there has been a 246 percent increase from $ 16.9 billion in FY2001 to at least $ 58.2 billion in FY2007 .
Despite this spectacular increase in spending , the common message on the Hill and from the Administration is that we are not spending enough on homeland security .
This view , for instance , is championed here by Clark Kent Ervin , who wrote “ the threat of terrorism here at home is not taken seriously and as a result , we are doing far less than we should be doing to combat it . ”
I hold a contrary opinion , and agree with John Mueller that as a whole the risk of terrorism has largely been overblown .
It is a fact that there are many threats — like driving off the road , falling , drowning or being shot by law enforcement — far more likely to kill an American than any terrorist .
I also agree with a statement he made in a recent Reason magazine interview where he explained that “ the true costs [ of the 9/11 attacks ] come mostly from overreaction , not from bombs or deaths themselves . [ 1 ]
In other words , we are feeling less safe than we probably should be and as a consequence we are over - investing in homeland security .
But that does n’t tell the whole story .
Not only are we over - investing in homeland security , but most times we spend too much money in the wrong way and on the wrong things .
Homeland security is a strategic problem , and like any strategic problem it requires a strategic solution .
In matters of strategy , efficient expenditures concentrate limited resources on the most cost - effective initiatives .
Not every need is worth funding — or can be funded in a world of limited resources — and the greatest priorities and risks should be addressed first .
Unfortunately , today , the logic behind some federal involvement in security seems to be that the mere existence of vulnerability in any given industry or a given area merits funding .
That makes it seem that , because all transportation systems , infrastructures , and economic sector have inherent weaknesses , federal intervention must be required everywhere .
In fact , it is perfectly reasonable and even responsible to refuse to implement a specific anti-terrorism measure , not because it has no conceivable benefit , but because the costs are too high compared to the potential benefits .
For instance , locking up every Arab - looking person would reduce the potential for terrorism perpetrated by Islamic fundamentalists , but no reasonable person would suggest this approach because the costs ( both pecuniary and moral ) are too high .
U.S. airline security measures provide a good example of the federal government ’s approach to balancing risk .
The likelihood of an attack similar to those we suffered on 9/11 has been reduced to roughly zero with simple cockpit barricades , which the airline industry installed at relatively low cost .
Yet since then we have spent $ 34 billion on a system for screening every bag belonging to every airline passenger .
If you add to that cost the aggregate opportunity cost , likely in the billions , incurred by passengers for the extra hours at the airport , you end up with a huge bill for an agency which measures its success by having “ intercepted seven million prohibited items at airport checkpoints , including just over 600 firearms . ”
In other words , 99.992 percent of intercepted items are tweezers , breath fresheners and lighters .
Our main problem with security is caused by the unwillingness of lawmakers , law enforcement agencies and security experts to tell the public that sometimes there are no easy answers and that just throwing money at a problem wo n’t achieve anything .
Maybe more importantly , it is their unwillingness to recognize that sometimes we are , on the whole , better off doing nothing than implementing measures that are ineffective .
So what should we do ?
Or not do ?
We all agree — or at least should agree — that there is no way to protect everything from every possible mode of attack .
In the United States , as with all stationary targets , the attacker has a natural advantage because he gets to choose where and when to strike .
The German thrust into Western Europe in World War II is a natural analog :
The Wehrmacht simply side - stepped the impressive Maginot Line defenses built by the French .
Similarly , terrorists will attack wherever the defenses are weakest .
In this case , as John argues , the cost - effective thing to do might be : instead of trying to protect hundreds of targets , save the money , and then if something happens , use it to fix things .
Then we could go after the people who actually did the crime .
Unfortunately I doubt this policy could see the daylight in our current political context .
Intelligence gathering and counter - intelligence is definitely the next most cost - effective defense .
The idea is to thwart the attackers before the attack is even launched or deploy personnel and equipment exactly where the attack is anticipated .
I would argue that , at the federal level , any other form of security measure is a waste of money .
For instance , we know that one of the biggest failures that led to September 11th is the lack of information - sharing between the different levels of government .
An important counter - terrorism goal should have been to set in place an efficient system so that such an oversight never happens again .
Five years later , scant progress has been made in this area .
And the lack of funding is not the issue .
Since 9/11 the federal government has sent over $ 27 billion to state and local governments in the form of grants for preparedness and response which were swiftly invested in everything from hazmat suits to gym memberships .
Returning to the issue of airline security , we know that the main threat to planes today is explosives brought aboard by suicide bombers .
We also know that few carry - on bags or passengers are checked for explosives .
Yet even if we could check for explosives in carry - on luggage with perfect accuracy , it would n’t necessarily be a good idea because of the astonishing cost associated with such a scheme .
Instead of spending massive amounts of money to keep bad objects off planes , a more effective measure would try to keep bad people off planes .
Again , intelligence is the solution , not prohibiting toothpaste and nail polish in planes .
In the end , I agree with John Mueller that we are probably overestimating the risks we face and that as a consequence we are over - investing in homeland security measures .
Yet , I would like to go even further .
Bad security is often worse than no security at all .
By trying , and failing , to make ourselves more secure , we make ourselves less secure .
We make poor tradeoffs , and we are asked to give up a lot in terms of money and freedom in exchange for little or no real benefit .
Surely the misplaced perception of security is n’t worth that .
