Many people have said how surprised they are that John Prescott suffered from bulimia for 20 years , but it 's no surprise to me .
As a psychotherapist , I have treated several men battling eating disorders and I have suffered from anorexia myself .
I 'm only sorry Prescott did n't say it when he was deputy prime Minister , though I realise he was probably never going to do that .
One positive thing to come out of this is that it might help people to start conversations about their own relationships with food .
It 's not an easy thing to do .
My problems started when I was 10 years old .
My parents had moved us to South Africa , which was an overwhelming change for me .
We arrived at the height of apartheid and I found the appalling iniquities and day - to - day violence hard to deal with .
It seemed the only people who did well in South Africa at the time were those who did n't care .
If you had any sense of what was right you had a problem and , during my teens , I turned to food for comfort and for safety .
I went from being a happy little chappy in England to becoming overweight , anxious and bullied .
I left school when I was 17 and wanted to change , so I started exercising and dieting .
I enjoyed feeling the burn and the adrenalin I got from running or swimming , but for me the reward was not eating .
When I did eat , it was a failure .
Aged 18 , I weighed 11 and a half stone .
Two years later , my weight dropped to a low of six stone and six pounds .
I was working at an advertising agency and would start crying and not be able to stop , so they put me on sick leave .
I was at home and unable to go to work .
It was at that point that I accepted I was ill and out of control – that something inside me was preventing me from eating properly .
I had anorexia .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Suffering from an eating disorder is like having a mechanism inside you – something that wakes up and starts to run your life .
It might start as a defence mechanism , but then it takes over and sometimes manifests itself as a voice .
I 've had clients tell me that their disorders tell them to do things .
It can be quite specific .
It 's the same feeling or voice that also tells people not to say anything to anyone , or else " for God 's sake , something terrible will happen – it's our little secret " .
Like with an abused child , the only way out is to ignore that voice and tell someone , but it is n't easy .
For me , it was difficult because you cannot hide anorexia .
My brothers would tell me I looked like I had come out of a concentration camp .
A colleague – a former model – told me I was so thin it made her sick to look at me .
Other people would tell me to eat , which does n't help when something else is clearly stopping you from eating .
By contrast , you can hide bulimia .
I 've had clients who are thin and bulimic and others who are overweight .
Bulimia is about the taking in and the purging .
Somebody who is overweight when they develop an eating disorder will hold on to that weight .
I never felt shame while I had anorexia , but in bulimics the sense of shame plays a big role in the illness , which is something Prescott has talked about .
There is also a sense of punishment .
John Prescott has talked about how he used to binge on junk food .
Bulimics generally do n't go out and pay a lot of money for a nice meal – they 'll go to a chippie and eat the chips when they 're cold and horrible .
Or they 'll retrieve food from the bin and eat things they do n't even like .
They 're not doing it for pleasure but to satisfy something inside them .
Something that is saying , " Look , this is what a disgusting person you are – you 're eating all this horrible food and now you 're going to throw it up and now you 're going to have to clean it all up . "
When bulimia is bad , it 's terrible .
It is n't rare for people to binge eat and vomit 10 times a day .
I 've had people contacting me and saying they are throwing up 20 times a day .
They get to the point at which the voice inside them is so strong that anything they take , including a drink of water , has to come back up .
In the worst cases , sufferers basically starve to death .
Bulimia has one of the highest mortality rates of any mental illness – I 've seen figures from 6 per cent up to 18 per cent .
Most people who develop eating disorders do so in their teens , but we see children as young as six or seven developing disorders .
I also know people who are middle aged who are developing eating disorders as a way of trying to freeze time .
And there are more men admitting to having bulimia and anorexia .
Men are less likely to talk about problems with eating .
I can imagine a woman mentioning to a friend that she 's got a problem with food , but in a more macho environment , you 're not going to get those conversations .
For the same reason , a high proportion – 20 per cent – of men suffering from eating disorders are gay .
Again , I think they are more likely to look inwards and to their emotions .
I also think the images of men we are fed in the media have an effect .
When I had anorexia , it was about peer pressure and people judging me .
Nowadays it has also become about the impossibly toned guys you see on magazines .
I know a man in his fifties who spends two hours a day in the gym and has a very slim , muscled body .
That 's not normal for a 52 - year - old .
Then there are the young male models you see in the weekend supplements , who are starting to look as thin as the women .
It 's a questionable fashion and one that , I think , has the potential to be very damaging .
It took me almost a year of very careful work for me to regain control of my eating and gradually build up my weight .
There was a moment when I was swimming one morning as the sun came up and hit my long hair and shone into my eyes .
It was a wonderful image of life and joy and that 's the kind of thing that can turn a person around when they 're getting over something like this .
After I had recovered , I moved back to England via the US and trained as a psychotherapist .
For 10 years I did n't treat anybody with eating disorders , but then I read an article about a surge in anorexia and bulimia so started to write about my experience for journals .
I also started to see clients with eating disorders and last year I wrote a book , Eating Disorder Self - Cure .
I hope John Prescott 's revelation means more people with eating disorders will make contact in the future .
Too often , the time when men get help is when they 've gone too far and are being treated in hospital .
They should know that it is possible to recover – and fully .
But it 's like breaking a leg – although it heals and you can walk again as if nothing ever happened , the bone does n't heal in exactly the same way as it was before .
* www.eatingdisorderself-cure.com
Bingeing and purging – the facts
* John Prescott is not the first well - known man to own up to bulimia .
Elton John , Paul Gascoigne , Uri Geller and Rory Bremner have all had the disorder .
The most famous female sufferer was Diana , Princess of Wales .
* Bulimia still carries stigma and it was only in 1979 that it was recognised as an eating disorder in its own right .
* Sufferers will usually have the uncontrollable urge to consume very large amounts of food , then to purge by means of vomiting , taking laxatives or by slashing food intake , or a combination of these methods .
A bulimic 's weight may fluctuate considerably .
* Sufferers rely on controlling food and eating as a way of coping with emotional difficulties .
The condition is associated with low self - esteem and a lack of self - confidence .
* It is not uncommon for a bulimic to eat two , three or four times a normal amount of food in one go .
But with the feeling of fullness comes the sense of shame and the urge to purge .
* The effects of this chaotic pattern may be sore throat , tooth decay and bad breath from excessive vomiting ; swollen salivary glands , making the face rounder ; poor skin condition ; hair loss ; lethargy , and loss of libido .
There is an increased risk of heart problems , and of impacts on other internal organs .
* Treatment for bulimia involves counselling and cognitive behavioural therapy .
There is evidence that antidepressants may help .
Many sufferers find self - help and support groups , such as the ones run by Beat , the eating disorders charity , very helpful .
For more information go to www.b-eat.co.uk
The stakes could n’t be higher for Ben Bernanke .
If the Fed chief decides to lower rates at the end of April , he could be condemning millions of people to a death by starvation .
The situation is that serious .
Food riots have broken out across the globe destabilizing large parts of the developing world .
China is experiencing double - digit inflation .
Indonesia , Vietnam and India have imposed controls over rice exports .
Wheat , corn and soya are at record highs and threatening to go higher still .
Commodities are up across the board .
The World Food Program is warning of widespread famine if the West does n’t provide emergency humanitarian relief .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said it best :
“ It is a massacre of the world ’s poor .
The problem is not the production of food .
It is the economic , social and political model of the world .
The capitalist model is in crisis . ”
Right on , Hugo .
There is no shortage of food ; it ’s just the prices that are making food unaffordable .
Bernanke ’s “ weak dollar ” policy has ignited a wave of speculation in commodities which is pushing prices into the stratosphere .
The UN is calling the global food crisis a “ silent tsunami ” , but its more like a flood ; the world is awash in increasingly worthless dollars that are making food and raw materials more expensive .
Foreign central banks and investors presently hold $ 6 trillion in dollars and dollar - backed assets , so when the dollar starts to slide , the pain radiates through entire economies .
This is especially true in countries where the currency is pegged to the dollar .
That ’s why most of the Gulf States are experiencing runaway inflation .
This does n’t mean that oil depletion , biofuel production , over - population , and giant agribusinesses do n’t add to the problem .
They do .
But the catalyst is the Fed ’s monetary policies ; that ’s the domino that puts the others in motion .
Here ’s Otto Spengler ’s summary in his recent article :
The global food crisis is a monetary phenomenon , an unintended consequence of America ’s attempt to inflate its way out of a market failure .
There are long - term reasons for food prices to rise , but the unprecedented spike in grain prices during the past year stems from the weakness of the American dollar .
Washington ’s economic misery now threatens to become a geopolitical catastrophe …
The link between the declining parity of the US unit and the rising price of commodities , including oil as well as rice and other wares , is indisputable .
Never before in history has hunger become a global threat in a period of plentiful harvests .
Global rice production will hit a record of 423 million tons in the 2007 - 2008 crop year , enough to satisfy global demand .
The trouble is that only 7 % of the world ’s rice supply is exported , because local demand is met by local production .
Any significant increase in rice stockpiles cuts deeply into available supply for export , leading to a spike in prices .
Because such a small proportion of the global rice supply trades , the monetary shock from the weak dollar was sufficient to more than double its price .
The US is exporting its inflation by cheapening its currency .
Now a field worker in Haiti who earns $ 2 a day , and spends all of that to feed his family , has to earn twice that amount or eat half as much .
No wonder that six people were killed Port au Prince in the recent food riots .
People go crazy when they can’t feed their kids .
Food and energy prices are sucking the life out of the global economy .
Foreign banks and pension funds are trying to protect their investments by diverting dollars into things that will retain their value .
That ’s why oil is nudging $ 120 per barrel when it should be in the $ 70 to $ 80 range .
According to Tim Evans , energy analyst at Citigroup in New York , “ There ’s no supply - demand deficit ” .
None .
In fact suppliers are expecting an oil surplus by the end of this year .
The case for lower oil prices is straightforward :
The prospect of a deep U.S. recession or even a marked period of slower economic growth in the world ’s top energy consumer making a dent in energy consumption .
Year to date , oil demand in the U.S. is down 1.9 % compared with the same period in 2007 , and high prices and a weak economy should knock down U.S. oil consumption by 90,000 barrels a day this year , according to the federal Energy Information Administration .
There ’s no oil shortage ; that ’s another ruse .
Speculators are simply driving up the price of oil to hedge their bets on the falling dollar .
What else can they do ; put them in the frozen bond market , or the sinking stock market , or the collapsing housing market ?
The Fed has gummed up the entire financial system with its low - interest credit scam ; now it ’s on to commodities where the real pain is just beginning to be felt .
This is what happens when there ’s too many dollars sloshing around the system ; they all need a place to rest , and when they do , they create equity bubbles .
Sound familiar ?
Indeed .
This is Greenspan ’s legacy in a nutshell ; the dark specter of Maestro will continue to haunt the world until all the hyper - inflated asset - classes ( real estate , bonds , stocks , commodities ) return to earth and all the red ink is mopped up .
That ’ll take time , but Bernanke could make things a lot easier if he accepted some responsibility for the current turmoil and raised rates by 25 basis points .
That would show speculators that the Fed was serious about defending the currency which would send the commodities bubble crashing to earth .
Prices would go down overnight .
But Bernanke wo n’t raise rates because he does n’t really give a hoot about the people in Cameroon who have to scavenge through garbage - dumps for a few morsels to keep their families alive .
Nor does he care about the average American working - stiff who gets cardiac - arrest every time he pulls up to the gas pump .
What matters to Bernanke is making sure that his fat - cat buddies in the banking establishment get a steady stream of low interest loot so they can paper - over their bad investments and ward off bankruptcy for another day or two .
Its a joke ; it was the investment banks that created this mess with their putrid mortgage - backed securities and other debt - exotica .
Still , in Bernanke ’s mind , they are the only ones who really count .
And do n’t expect Bush to step in and save the day either .
The “ Decider ” still believes in the unrestricted activity of the free market ; especially when his crooked friends can make a buck on the deal .
From the Washington Times :
Farmers and food executives appealed fruitlessly to federal officials yesterday for regulatory steps to limit speculative buying that is helping to drive food prices higher .
Meanwhile , some Americans are stocking up on staples such as rice , flour and oil in anticipation of high prices and shortages spreading from overseas .
Costco and other grocery stores in California reported a run on rice , which has forced them to set limits on how many sacks of rice each customer can buy .
Filipinos in Canada are scooping up all the rice they can find and shipping it to relatives in the Philippines , which is suffering a severe shortage that is leaving many people hungry .
The Bush administration knows there ’s hanky - panky going on , but they just look the other way .
It ’s Enron all over again –where Ken Lay Inc. scalped the public with utter impunity while regulators sat on the sidelines applauding .
Great .
Now its the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) turn ; they ’re taking a hands - off approach so Wall Street sharpies make a fortune jacking up the price of everything from soda crackers to toilet bowls .
A hearing Tuesday in Washington before the Commodity Futures Trading Commission starts a new round of scrutiny into the popularity of agricultural futures , a once a quieter arena that for years was dominated largely by big producers and consumers of crops and their banks trying to manage price risks .
The commission ’s official stance and that of many of the exchanges , however , is likely to disappoint many consumer groups .
The CFTC ’s economist plans to state at the hearing that the agency does n’t believe financial investors are driving up grain prices .
Some grain buyers say speculators ’ big bets on relatively small grain exchanges , especially recently , are pushing up prices for ordinary consumers .
“ The agency does n’t believe financial investors are driving up grain prices ” ?!?
Prices have doubled , people are starving , and the Bush troop is still parroting the same worn party - mantra .
Its maddening .
The US has been gaming the system for decades ; sucking up two - thirds of the world ’s capital to expand its cache of Cadillac Escalades and flat - screen TVs ; giving nothing back in return except mortgage - backed junk , cluster bombs , and crummy green paper .
Nothing changes ; it only gets worse .
But this time its different .
The world is now facing the very real prospect of famine on a massive scale because twelve doddering old banksters at the Federal Reserve would rather bailout their sketchy friends then save the lives of starving women and children .
Bernanke now has an opportunity to send more people to their eternal reward than Bush with one swipe of the pen .
If he cut rates ; the dollar will fall , commodities will spike , and people will starve .
It ’s as simple as that .
European governments have been told to plan for an era of conflict over energy resources , with global warming likely to trigger a dangerous contest between Russia and the west for the vast mineral riches of the Arctic .
A report from the EU's top two foreign policy officials to the 27 heads of government gathering in Brussels for a summit this week warns that " significant potential conflicts " are likely in the decades ahead as a result of " intensified competition over access to , and control over , energy resources " .
The seven - page report , obtained by the Guardian , has been written by Javier Solana , the EU 's foreign policy supremo , and Benita Ferrero - Waldner , the commissioner for external relations .
It predicts that global warming will precipitate security issues for Europe , ranging from energy wars to mass migration , failed states and political radicalisation .
The report warns of greater rich - poor and north - south tension because global warming is disproportionately caused by the wealthy north and west while its impact will be most catastrophic in the poor south .
The officials single out the impact of the thawing Arctic and its emergence as a potential flashpoint of rival claims , pointing to the Kremlin 's grab for the Arctic last year when President Vladimir Putin hailed as heroes a team of scientists who planted a Russian flag on the Arctic seabed .
Developments in the Arctic had " potential consequences for international stability and European security interests " .
" The rapid melting of the polar ice caps , in particular the Arctic , is opening up new waterways and international trade routes , " the report notes .
" The increased accessibility of the enormous hydrocarbon resources in the Arctic region is changing the geostrategic dynamics of the region . "
The report also stresses the volatility of the regions that hold large mineral deposits and predicts greater destabilisation in central Asia and the Middle East as a result of global warming .
The report comes as the issue of energy security begins to loom large on the agenda of western policymakers .
A summit of Nato leaders in Bucharest next month will discuss the problem for the first time , while a new manifesto for a radical overhaul of the western alliance moots the possibility of Nato being used " as an instrument of energy security " .
" There will be a discussion of these new security risks , including energy , " said a senior Nato diplomat .
" We will try to find areas where Nato can add value . "
The 150 - page manifesto for a new Nato , penned by five former chiefs of staff and senior Nato commanders from the US , UK , Germany , France and the Netherlands , also points to the likely friction in the Arctic as a result of climate change .
The Arctic thaw has already created " minor tensions " between Russia and Nato member Norway over fishing rights around the Spitsbergen archipelago .
" The islands of Spitsbergen ... have large deposits of gas and oil that are currently locked under a frozen continental shelf , " the document states .
" If global warming were to allow this to become a viable source of energy , a serious conflict could emerge between Russia and Norway . "
This " potential crisis " would draw in the US , Canada and Denmark " competing for large and viable energy resources and precious raw materials " .
With specific reference to Arctic exploration , the EU 's report says : " The scramble for resources will intensify . "
But the retired generals complain that the EU is not tackling the issue of " protection of energy resources and their means of transportation .
The EU is using soft instruments and this is unlikely to protect energy security " .
The Solana report is the first high - level attempt to get the issue on the summit agenda .
According to a draft outcome for this week 's EU summit , the 27 prime ministers and presidents will order " appropriate follow - up action " by the end of the year .
Solana and Ferrero - Waldner call on the EU to draw up an Arctic policy " based on the evolving geostrategy of the ... region , taking into account access to resources and the opening of new trade routes " .
Next month 's Nato summit discussion of the alliance 's role in energy security is fuelling speculation that western troops could by deployed as " pipeline police " in places such as the Caucasus .
This was dismissed by the Nato diplomat .
" Energy security and the security of installations and transportation routes are a national responsibility , not an alliance responsibility , " he said .
" We should be looking to offer advice and help , rather than putting boots on the ground . "
Thu , May .
22nd , 2008 , 02:55 pm
Version Control Recommended Practices
It 's been a while since I last posted my thoughts on version control .
My thoughts have changed a lot over time , so I 'm going to cover everything from the very highest level .
Here are my recommendations :
1 . Do n't use branches .
I 'm serious .
Creating lots of branches takes a lot of time and energy , and is usually a complete waste .
If you have a good reason to use branches , use the minimum possible .
In particular , creating a new branch for every new feature is ludicrous .
2 . Do n't bother with a pretty history .
The history of a branch is hardly ever looked at .
Making it look pretty for the historians is just a waste of time .
The beauty of 3 - way merge is that you can always clean stuff up later and never worry about the past mess ever again .
In particular , do n't go to great lengths to make sure that there 's a coherent local image of the entire repository exactly as it appeared on your local machine after every new feature .
There are very rare projects which maintain a level of reliability and testing which warrant such behavior , and yours is n't one of them .
Stop wanking .
3. Use 3 - way merge
This is mostly a dig at myself - I 've spent a long time thinking about possible semantics of merging , and the upshot is that there 's a way of supporting cherry - picking well in the underlying engine , but nobody 's ever proposed a good UI for it , and I suspect that 's because the feature is inherently confusing and not such a hot idea for process reasons as well .
4. Use Bram 's diff algorithm .
This is for tool developers , not for end users .
It 's fairly self explanatory .
5 . Treat stable branches as forks , do n't auto - merge from them .
Once a stable branch has been separate for a while , the development branch has inevitably deviated too much for auto - merging to be accurate and useful .
Most projects have a convention for marking bug fixes in commit comments on the development branch , then grepping for those comments in the history and manually trying to apply those patches .
The tools support for this is sucky , and the world will be a more productive place if someone improves that , but the practice is clearly a good one .
6 . Do n't spend time achieving a greater than usual level of stability on the main branch before branching off stable
Forcing everyone to wait until stable is branched off to get any work done just wastes their time .
It 's far better to do the stable branch first , then work on extra stability on the stable branch while people continue to get new work done on the main branch .
7 . If you do use branches , have them ' shadow ' the main branch .
Branches which do n't get merged regularly inevitably become forked forever .
For a branch to continue to be useful it 's necessary for it to pull from the main branch on a regular basis and have any resulting conflicts be resolved .
Good reasons to have a branch are if there 's a feature which might turn out to be a bad idea , there 's some code work which would cause too much instability if it were checked into the main branch before being complete , or there 's a direct need to have a version of the codebase missing certain features .
In all of these cases the branch must be maintained by pulling from the branch it 's shadowing frequently in order to not die , and the branch should have its contents committed into main and stop being maintained as soon as is feasible .
Experimental features or ones written by a person of dubious coding skills in particular should only be a single branch .
Some projects treat them as a zillion piecemeal little patches , and that 's just painful and awful .
Far better to give feedback on a branch , and commit the whole branch when it's at an acceptable level of stability .
Note that experimental branches can have their own stable and unstable versions as well , with work going on on unstable while code improvement happens in stable .
That 's a good practice , although it 's hardly ever done today .
8 . Show all relevant history in annotate / blame view
If a line of code was written by one person , then pulled into the main branch by another person , then the history should say when and by whom both of those events happened .
If it was pulled into another branch by another person , that should be included as well .
The semantics of a single line 's history is that it was written once and then had a series of pull ( or push , depending on how you think about it ) operations performed on it as it was moved into other branches .
None of the tools currently get this right .
9 . If you have a good reason to branch off branches , do it right .
There are a few sophisticated techniques for branch management which are fairly safe and coherent from a process standpoint .
These should only be used sparingly , but tools support for them is currently lousy and they 're cool so I 'll explain them now .
First , it 's possible to have a branch shadow another branch , like this :
main / branch A / branch B
In this case , A is shadowing main , and B is shadowing A .
It 's also possible under some circumstances to safely change the way the branch relationships work .
For example , the previous case can be changed into this one , and vice versa :
main / \ branch A branch B
For those of you knowledgeable about the technical issues , the times when this can be done are when the LCA of the branch being moved and the one it 's shadowing is already an ancestor of the current version of the new branch to shadow .
If the reparenting is n't currently allowed , then some committing or updating can be done to make it allowed ( although that might not be immediately advisable for process reasons ) .
Version control system developers , please make your systems have the shadowing concept be built in from the ground up .
And allow the safe forms of reparenting .
And make sure that the branch relationships and their changes are kept in the history along with everything else .
Valid words used in this post which the spell checker did n't like : wanking , grepping , sucky , codebase , reparenting .
It 's been a while since I last posted my thoughts on version control .
My thoughts have changed a lot over time , so I 'm going to cover everything from the very highest level .
Here are my recommendations : I 'm serious .
Creating lots of branches takes a lot of time and energy , and is usually a complete waste .
If you have a good reason to use branches , use the minimum possible .
In particular , creating a new branch for every new feature is ludicrous .
The history of a branch is hardly ever looked at .
Making it look pretty for the historians is just a waste of time .
The beauty of 3 - way merge is that you can always clean stuff up later and never worry about the past mess ever again .
In particular , do n't go to great lengths to make sure that there 's a coherent local image of the entire repository exactly as it appeared on your local machine after every new feature .
There are very rare projects which maintain a level of reliability and testing which warrant such behavior , and yours is n't one of them .
Stop wanking .
This is mostly a dig at myself - I 've spent a long time thinking about possible semantics of merging , and the upshot is that there 's a way of supporting cherry - picking well in the underlying engine , but nobody 's ever proposed a good UI for it , and I suspect that 's because the feature is inherently confusing and not such a hot idea for process reasons as well .
This is for tool developers , not for end users .
It 's fairly self explanatory .
Once a stable branch has been separate for a while , the development branch has inevitably deviated too much for auto - merging to be accurate and useful .
Most projects have a convention for marking bug fixes in commit comments on the development branch , then grepping for those comments in the history and manually trying to apply those patches .
The tools support for this is sucky , and the world will be a more productive place if someone improves that , but the practice is clearly a good one .
Forcing everyone to wait until stable is branched off to get any work done just wastes their time .
It 's far better to do the stable branch first , then work on extra stability on the stable branch while people continue to get new work done on the main branch .
Branches which do n't get merged regularly inevitably become forked forever .
For a branch to continue to be useful it 's necessary for it to pull from the main branch on a regular basis and have any resulting conflicts be resolved .
Good reasons to have a branch are if there 's a feature which might turn out to be a bad idea , there 's some code work which would cause too much instability if it were checked into the main branch before being complete , or there 's a direct need to have a version of the codebase missing certain features .
In all of these cases the branch must be maintained by pulling from the branch it 's shadowing frequently in order to not die , and the branch should have its contents committed into main and stop being maintained as soon as is feasible .
Experimental features or ones written by a person of dubious coding skills in particular should only be a single branch .
Some projects treat them as a zillion piecemeal little patches , and that 's just painful and awful .
Far better to give feedback on a branch , and commit the whole branch when it's at an acceptable level of stability .
Note that experimental branches can have their own stable and unstable versions as well , with work going on on unstable while code improvement happens in stable .
That 's a good practice , although it 's hardly ever done today .
If a line of code was written by one person , then pulled into the main branch by another person , then the history should say when and by whom both of those events happened .
If it was pulled into another branch by another person , that should be included as well .
The semantics of a single line 's history is that it was written once and then had a series of pull ( or push , depending on how you think about it ) operations performed on it as it was moved into other branches .
None of the tools currently get this right .
There are a few sophisticated techniques for branch management which are fairly safe and coherent from a process standpoint .
These should only be used sparingly , but tools support for them is currently lousy and they 're cool so I 'll explain them now .
First , it 's possible to have a branch shadow another branch , like this :
In this case , A is shadowing main , and B is shadowing A. It 's also possible under some circumstances to safely change the way the branch relationships work .
For example , the previous case can be changed into this one , and vice versa :
For those of you knowledgeable about the technical issues , the times when this can be done are when the LCA of the branch being moved and the one it 's shadowing is already an ancestor of the current version of the new branch to shadow .
If the reparenting is n't currently allowed , then some committing or updating can be done to make it allowed ( although that might not be immediately advisable for process reasons ) .
Version control system developers , please make your systems have the shadowing concept be built in from the ground up .
And allow the safe forms of reparenting .
And make sure that the branch relationships and their changes are kept in the history along with everything else .
Valid words used in this post which the spell checker did n't like : wanking , grepping , sucky , codebase , reparenting .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 02:33 am ( UTC )
taral 10 .
Use darcs ? :)
10 . Use darcs ? :)
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 03:58 am ( UTC )
bramcohen No .
What I 'm advocating here is that rather than the tools having very powerful features , they should have features which support the simple things well .
There 's still plenty of stuff I 'm asking for which does n't have proper tools support .
No .
What I 'm advocating here is that rather than the tools having very powerful features , they should have features which support the simple things well .
There 's still plenty of stuff I 'm asking for which does n't have proper tools support .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 04:56 am ( UTC )
taral Ah , I see .
Fair enough !
Ah , I see .
Fair enough !
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 04:33 am ( UTC )
wisedonkey I propose a tenth item : Intermediate checkpoints .
It 's rather annoying to not have intermediate checkpoints .
The whole point of version control is to make sure your goofs on a particular edit can be backed out .
Even then , there are certain situations where you do n't want to check in a Major Revision when all you really want to do is see how a rewrite ^W refactoring of some code affects things .
On the fourth iteration you realize the second attempt was the best .
There 's no reason each of those should be a major checked - in version but you should be able to jump between any of those , at least before you do a major checkin .
/uses vesta I propose a tenth item : Intermediate checkpoints .
It 's rather annoying to not have intermediate checkpoints .
The whole point of version control is to make sure your goofs on a particular edit can be backed out .
Even then , there are certain situations where you do n't want to check in a Major Revision when all you really want to do is see how a rewrite ^W refactoring of some code affects things .
On the fourth iteration you realize the second attempt was the best .
There 's no reason each of those should be a major checked - in version but you should be able to jump between any of those , at least before you do a major checkin .
/ uses vesta Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 04:50 am ( UTC )
bramcohen
If you mean a feature where you locally checkpoint and can revert to the checkpoint but when you do a commit or update all the memory of the checkpoint is wiped out then I can believe that some people would find that helpful , although it is n't a core important feature .
My own approach is much more straightforward .
I just plan out what I 'm going to do and then start typing , with very little experimentation and patch management .
Most of the time such activities are so time consuming and wasteful as to be not worth it .
If you mean a feature where you locally checkpoint and can revert to the checkpoint but when you do a commit or update all the memory of the checkpoint is wiped out then I can believe that some people would find that helpful , although it is n't a core important feature .
My own approach is much more straightforward .
I just plan out what I 'm going to do and then start typing , with very little experimentation and patch management .
Most of the time such activities are so time consuming and wasteful as to be not worth it .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 06:07 am ( UTC )
ibsulon
I do n't much have an argument about the rest , but no branches ?
This makes peer review and code commits by multiple people very difficult .
Let me suggest an alternative view .
Branch for every feature .
Commit to that branch every night - it 's the developer 's equivalent to saving in word .
Then , when the feature is complete , the development process mandates that another developer look at your code for potential issues .
After that , the change is committed .
Happiness is being able to check out the build at any time and being able to compile it and it just work .
I agree that it should n't be branched off for more than two weeks , though .
Any more and you 're trying to bite off more than you can chew .
split up the problem .
I do n't much have an argument about the rest , but no branches ?
This makes peer review and code commits by multiple people very difficult .
Let me suggest an alternative view .
Branch for every feature .
Commit to that branch every night - it 's the developer 's equivalent to saving in word .
Then , when the feature is complete , the development process mandates that another developer look at your code for potential issues .
After that , the change is committed .
Happiness is being able to check out the build at any time and being able to compile it and it just work .
I agree that it should n't be branched off for more than two weeks , though .
Any more and you 're trying to bite off more than you can chew .
split up the problem .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 11:46 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen
Any project where the main build is routinely broken has very severe process problems , and using a version control system to get around that is a bit of a crutch .
Before committing , developers should always update , build , and run whatever tests their are , then commit .
That 's the very most basic level of version control process , which I assumed everybody knows already .
Code reviews can be implemented using branches , although they 're very short - lived branches .
I 've never used code reviews extensively , although my own inclination would be to have a process where one person commits their changes to the trunk , then another person reviews those changes after they 're already in .
If code review frequently results in the code getting rejected instead of just tweaked or bug fixed , there are much bigger issues .
Any project where the main build is routinely broken has very severe process problems , and using a version control system to get around that is a bit of a crutch .
Before committing , developers should always update , build , and run whatever tests their are , then commit .
That 's the very most basic level of version control process , which I assumed everybody knows already .
Code reviews can be implemented using branches , although they 're very short - lived branches .
I 've never used code reviews extensively , although my own inclination would be to have a process where one person commits their changes to the trunk , then another person reviews those changes after they 're already in .
If code review frequently results in the code getting rejected instead of just tweaked or bug fixed , there are much bigger issues .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 08:27 am ( UTC )
ciphergoth
We use branch - per- bug development at work and it's been wonderful , both for source review and for delaying the decision on which features to include in a release based on what is actually ready to go .
We use branch - per - bug development at work and it's been wonderful , both for source review and for delaying the decision on which features to include in a release based on what is actually ready to go .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 11:48 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen
Why do you have so many half - chewed features lying around ?
My general recommendation is to get some features done completely and have those all be in the main branch .
That way possible interdependencies or conflicts between features do n't cause any issues , and there 's no cognitive load associated with keeping track of what 's in what branch .
Why do you have so many half - chewed features lying around ?
My general recommendation is to get some features done completely and have those all be in the main branch .
That way possible interdependencies or conflicts between features do n't cause any issues , and there 's no cognitive load associated with keeping track of what 's in what branch .
Mon , Jun. 9th , 2008 12:04 pm ( UTC )
ciphergoth
You probably have more flexibility in your live dates than we do .
We have to be able to roll a working version out by the end of timebox deadline .
This way we do n't have to correctly estimate in advance what features we can do by then - we just try and get as much done as we can in the time available , and include only those features which are ready to go by that time .
But we 've also found branch - per - bug invaluable for source review - you can really look at what a change will do before you merge it in .
Our previous source review procedures were more haphazard and I had less confidence in them .
What have you used ?
You probably have more flexibility in your live dates than we do .
We have to be able to roll a working version out by the end of timebox deadline .
This way we do n't have to correctly estimate in advance what features we can do by then - we just try and get as much done as we can in the time available , and include only those features which are ready to go by that time .
But we 've also found branch - per - bug invaluable for source review - you can really look at what a change will do before you merge it in .
Our previous source review procedures were more haphazard and I had less confidence in them .
What have you used ?
Thu , Jun . 12th , 2008 10:10 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen I 've used CVS , Subversion , and Codeville .
All of them work okay if you maintain a single trunk and nothing else .
Subversion has completely reasonable support for forking off release branches .
Codeville 's advanced functionality I found painful to use because of all the manual keeping track of branches , which is why I have all these thoughts about how the version control system should remember the relationships between branches for you .
I have n't done much code review , but would be more inclined to do it by assigning particular commits to particular people for review / signoff .
Doing that with tool support would be vastly simpler than doing it without , and I do n't know the current tools very well , so perhaps none of them do what I 'd like , but it seems like all the mucking around with branches is a lot more cognitive overhead than necessary for maintaining what is essentially one bit of information for every commit .
I 've used CVS , Subversion , and Codeville .
All of them work okay if you maintain a single trunk and nothing else .
Subversion has completely reasonable support for forking off release branches .
Codeville 's advanced functionality I found painful to use because of all the manual keeping track of branches , which is why I have all these thoughts about how the version control system should remember the relationships between branches for you .
I have n't done much code review , but would be more inclined to do it by assigning particular commits to particular people for review / signoff .
Doing that with tool support would be vastly simpler than doing it without , and I do n't know the current tools very well , so perhaps none of them do what I 'd like , but it seems like all the mucking around with branches is a lot more cognitive overhead than necessary for maintaining what is essentially one bit of information for every commit .
Fri , Jul .
18th , 2008 11:16 pm ( UTC )
tarrant3000
We 've been using the branch - per - bugfix approach for a couple of weeks now , and it works quite well .
The developer creates a branch with the name fix / [ bugid ] , and those fixes can be cherry - picked into an integration branch ( one for qa , perhaps one for uat , another for launch prep , etc. ) .
Eventually the fix branch makes its way out to master , which essentially represents what has gone live .
Periodically we prune the branches by deleting all of them .
Git will refuse to delete any branch that has any changes that are not in master , so we safely avoid accidental code deletions while also keeping the branch list very clean .
As a result of this , we can have individual changes launched in any order , with an arbitrary number of test / integration branches , run by an arbitrary number of integrators .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 05:37 pm ( UTC )
signedlongint
This is a prime example of they are ( or should be ) payin ' you the big bucks .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 06:52 pm ( UTC )
clango if branches are n't cheap , that 's a problem with your vcs .
cheap branching is why i'm stuck on git , problems and all .
if branches are n't cheap , that 's a problem with your vcs .
cheap branching is why i'm stuck on git , problems and all .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 10:22 pm ( UTC )
rmgraham I can't agree more .
I used to think of branches as a bug , for lack of a better word .
After switching to git , I see branches as a feature and use it regularly , since it is as trivial to do as committing .
Fri , May .
23rd , 2008 11:50 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen I 'm arguing against their usage for process reasons .
Yes the version control system should support branches cheaply , but even if the tool supports making lots of branches , actually doing so usually does n't speed up development .
In fact it can actively slow it down .
I 'm arguing against their usage for process reasons .
Yes the version control system should support branches cheaply , but even if the tool supports making lots of branches , actually doing so usually does n't speed up development .
In fact it can actively slow it down .
( Deleted comment ) Sat , May .
24th , 2008 04:55 pm ( UTC )
bramcohen
The stabilize before branching thing is trivial if you have a single well - disciplined programmer .
As you increase the number of programmers and decrease their level of discipline it becomes increasingly necessary to branch first .
Even with good discipline , I would n't ever try to stabilize before branching with more than ten programmers on a project , just because some of them will inevitably sit around doing nothing during the stabilization process .
It does make sense for the main branch to shadow the stable branch for a while until the divergence gets too big .
That requires tool support though , and it's a detail I skipped over , perhaps inadvisably , in the interests of keeping my suggestions reasonably short and coherent .
The stabilize before branching thing is trivial if you have a single well - disciplined programmer .
As you increase the number of programmers and decrease their level of discipline it becomes increasingly necessary to branch first .
Even with good discipline , I would n't ever try to stabilize before branching with more than ten programmers on a project , just because some of them will inevitably sit around doing nothing during the stabilization process .
It does make sense for the main branch to shadow the stable branch for a while until the divergence gets too big .
That requires tool support though , and it's a detail I skipped over , perhaps inadvisably , in the interests of keeping my suggestions reasonably short and coherent .
Mon , May .
26th , 2008 05:25 am ( UTC )
colonel_nikolai
Wow , like we share the same mind .
The only nit is as I reach 6 and go on , I start to get nervous .
But then you seem to say those are more edge cases and should be used carefully if at all , and I totally agree .
Source code control interaction should be like breathing : I never want to see a developer on my team " think " when they have to deal with it .
When I hear things like " features " on branches and using branches for " code review " , I kinda giggle , like , what are we doing here ?
Playing with source code control systems or writing software ?
Every commit should constitute a fully running system , minus x number of features prior to a release .
This means all tests pass ( You are doing test driven development , right ? ) and I can deploy the code for the customer right there , every time .
Once you adopt this , you test a little , code a little , commit , repeat : Breathe in , breathe out , repeat .
THAT'S ALL .
I want the developer 's brainpower reserved for writing tests to drive out great code , not fixing bugs that are a result of " Junk on the Trunk Syndrome " or " My branch of this branch of trunk is not merge - able anymore " syndrome .
Thu , Jan. 29th , 2009 05:50 pm ( UTC )
manersoni Hi Bram ,
I see you are not familiar with Accurev version control , and probably are n't familiar with how streams vs. branches make code review so much more a natural part of the process .
I would try to get my hands on a free copy to try it out so you do n't have to play around with branches any more .
It 's friggin awesome !
www.accurev.com
Sat , Feb .
14th , 2009 11:18 pm ( UTC )
madfire Looking forward to more reports about it .
I have a gut feeling there 's something missing in accurev .
Looking forward to more reports about it .
I have a gut feeling there 's something missing in accurev .
Crisis in Egypt The Daily Struggle for Food
Rising global food prices have plunged Egyptians into a desparate daily struggle for survival .
Many are unable to feed their families , and the hungry have taken to the streets .
Is more violent unrest to come ?
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
April 30th , 2008
First , a technical point .
The Director of the Government Communications Security Bureau ( GCSB ) , Air Marshal Bruce Ferguson , said that the purpose of the radomes is simply to protect the dishes from the weather .
This statement is a lie by omission .
If the azimuth and elevation of a surveillance dish are known , the satellite that is under surveillance can be determined in a matter of seconds .
Radomes are placed over satellite dishes to prevent observation of these data points .
And yes , to protect them from harsh weather .
Now , a quick look at the political side .
There ’s a lot of self - congratulatory silliness going on in activist circles right now .
Here ’s a question for everyone who ’s impressed by the popping - the - radome story :
Which country is New Zealand ’s number two trading partner ( Australia is # 1 ) ?
According to Statistics New Zealand , the answer is the United States of America .
With a statistic of that magnitude hanging over the land , these antics in Waihopai seem like a lot of folly to me .
Most — not all — political activism , focuses on symbols , abstractions , while the relevant and painful points remain behind the scenes .
Guys , look at the underlying economic relationships between corrupt politicians and the corporations .
That ’s the smelly , messy stuff .
Getting people to think differently about economic assumptions is the way to free New Zealand from the foreign entanglements that are becoming increasingly costly for our country .
That said , GE crops still are n’t allowed in New Zealand ; neither is nuclear power .
The credit for those miracles must go to the activists .
Via : New Zealand Herald :
Prime Minister Helen Clark has condemned this morning ’s attack on the ‘ spy base ’ at Waihopai as “ senseless ” .
Three protesters have been arrested after invading the base and puncturing one of the large white domes that house two satellite dishes .
Adrian Leason , Sam Land and Dominican friar Peter Murnane are due to appear in Blenheim District court this afternoon .
Questioned in Auckland this morning , Helen Clark would not put an estimate on the cost of the attack but said Air Marshal Ferguson was travelling to Marlborough today to make an assessment .
“ Obviously it ’s just imposing a cost on the taxpayer having to rebuild .
That ’s why I describe it as a senseless act of criminal vandalism ” .
Asked if any information had been lost in the security breach , she said she never commented on security matters .
“ Our focus today is on the steps we ’re going to take to support the police with the criminal investigation and to start repairing the damage . ”
Helen Clark said the Government had received no comment from other countries regarding the breach .
Opponents of the Waihopai base argue that it is primarily feeding information to the United States in support of wars New Zealanders do not support .
But the secretive Government Communications Security Bureau ( GCSB ) , which operates the base , near Blenheim , rejects this .
The protesters ’ spokesman , Manu Caddie , spoke to nzherald.co.nz from Waihopai .
He said all three protesters had been arrested after cutting through three fences – one of which had razor wire – and using sickles to deflate the kevlar dome structure .
Mr Caddie estimated the group could have caused $ 30,000 worth of damage during the protest , which was against the US - led “ war on terror ” .
“ We are drawing attention to the issue , particularly in an election year and encouraging New Zealanders to have a debate about whether they want to be funding this kind of activity in their backyard , ” Mr Caddie said .
Air Marshal Ferguson said today the security breach was of grave concern .
“ Naturally , this is a very serious breach and it ’s one of the reasons I ’m here – to look at that , and initiate an inquiry into how this in fact occurred so we can put in place further preventative measures , ” he told Radio New Zealand
Air Marshal Ferguson said it was obvious the men had penetrated three fences before deflating the dome but it was unclear how other security devices failed to detect the intrusion .
Alarms did activate but CCTV footage was no help due to heavy fog , he said .
The domes , made of a rubberised material , acted purely as a “ waterproof jacket ” to protect the antennae from adverse weather , he said .
“ We ’re trying to protect them for longevity . ”
He said there was some protest action at the base over the weekend but it was not known if it was linked to today ’s attack .
Mr Caddie said there were direct parallels between the Roman Empire and modern day America .
He said the group , which called themselves the Ploughshares , followed Jesus ’ example of resisting power on an ethical basis .
Mr Caddie told NZPA news agency the action took about two months to plan and the group did not really expect to succeed .
“ We were expecting not to get anywhere close to it . ”
The planning involved a lot of texting , emails and phone calls , which were not intercepted , he said .
“ I guess it shows that the system does n’t work that well . ”
He said the three protesters who had been arrested hoped not to go to jail , but were prepared for it .
A statement by the group from their website said : “ Our group , including a Dominican Priest , temporarily closed the base by padlocking the gates and proceeded to deflate one of the large domes covering two satellite dishes .
“ At 6 am we cut through three security fences surrounding the domes – these are armed with razor wire , infrared motion sensors and a high voltage electrified fence .
“ Once inside we used sickles to cut one of the two 30 - metre white domes , built a shrine and knelt in prayer to remember the people killed by United States military activity . ”
The group said that it had financed its activities through “ personal savings , additional part - time employment and a small interest - free loan from one of our supporters ” .
In its justification for the attack , the group said it was responding to the Bush administration claim that intelligence gathering was the single most important tool in the “ so - called war on terror ” and that Waihopai was a part of that .
“ This war will have no end until citizens of the world refuse to let it continue . ”
It said that it had carried out the attack in the name of the “ Prince of Peace ” .
The website contains Christian references to the Bible .
One of the protesters is Father Peter Murnane from the Dominican Priory in Auckland .
Father Chris Loughnan , who lives with Father Peter , said he was unaware of any arrests .
He said he was also unaware of the protest but it did n’t surprise him .
“ It ’s about New Zealand ’s passive cooperation in war mongering .
The information obtained at Waihopai is used in military intelligence , ” Father Chris said .
Green Party foreign affairs spokesman Keith Locke said the party would be calling for a public debate and information on the cost and the purpose of the Waihopai base if it was part of the next government .
Mr Locke said the US spy base effectively compromised New Zealand ’s independent foreign policy .
He said he had previously asked the Government for a breakdown of the GCSB ’s budget but was refused .
Mr Locke said the true cost of the spy base to New Zealanders was not known .
The intelligence game
* The secretive Government Communications Security Bureau ( GCSB ) collects “ intelligence ” on New Zealand ’s behalf , and is responsible for guarding the country ’s secret information .
* Its budget for the current financial year is $ 39.288 million and it employs about 370 staff .
* The GCSB ’s head office is in Wellington and it operates intelligence - gathering posts at Waihopai , in Marlborough , and at Tangimoana , near Bulls
Surveillance | Posted in Coincidence ?
Top Of Page
At iControlPad ( ICP ) we believe there is a better way to buy hardware , with dedicated research and testing we help gamers buy the right hardware with our unbiased in - depth reviews , written by gamers for gamers .
Our mission is to become the authority on gaming hardware reviews for mobile , console & PC gaming .
We ’re excited to simplify Gaming Hardware purchases for our readers through our buying guides and comprehensive knowledge base .
The iControlPad site started originally when Jamie Nasser was on the look out for a controller for mobile gaming , and for flying jets on the original battlefield game .
The name stands for Internet Control Pad , or iCP for short 🙂
Despite the name we review all gaming hardware from Bluetooth iPhone gaming control pads , gaming mice & monitors to the best gaming chairs in our thoroughly researched in - depth Top 5 reviews .
Watching the Dollar Die Paul Craig Roberts
Mar 17 , 2008
We are really thrilled to have publication permission on 321gold from Paul Craig Roberts , who we 've admired for years .
I 've been watching the dollar die all my life .
I sometimes think I will outlast it .
When I was a young man , gold was $ 35 an ounce .
Today one ounce gold bullion coins , such as the Canadian Maple Leaf , cost more than $ 1,000 .
Our coinage was silver .
Our dimes , quarters , and half dollars had purchasing power .
Even the nickel could purchase a candy bar , ice cream cone or soft drink , and a penny could purchase bubble gum or hard candy .
If a kid could collect 5 discarded soft drink bottles from a construction site , the 2 cents deposit on the returnable bottles was enough for the Saturday afternoon movie .
Gasoline was 32 cents a gallon .
A dollar 's worth was enough for a Saturday night date .
Our silver coinage was 90 % silver .
People sometimes melted coins in order to make silver spoons , known as coin silver , which can still be found in antique shops .
Except for the reduced silver ( 40 % ) Kennedy half dollar which continued until 1970 , 1964 was the last year of America 's silver coinage .
The copper penny departed in 1982 .
As Assistant Secretary of the Treasury , I opposed the demise of America 's last commodity money , but I could n't prevent the copper penny 's death .
During World War II ( 1941 - 1945 ) , nickel was diverted from coinage to war , and the US mint issued a wartime silver ( 35 % ) nickel .
It is not easy to find items to purchase with today 's US coins , but the silver coins of the same face value still have purchasing power .
The 10 cent piece of my youth contains $ 1.42 worth of silver at today 's silver price .
The quarter is worth $ 3.55 , and the half dollar contains $ 7.10 of silver .
The silver dollar is worth 15.2 times its face value .
These are just the silver values of coins that might be worth far more depending on condition and rarity .
The silver in the wartime nickel is worth $ 1.10 , which is 22 times the coin 's face value .
Even the copper penny is worth 2.5 cents .
When I was a young man enjoying travels in Europe , the German mark or Swiss franc traded four to one US dollar .
The euro , which is today 's equivalent to the mark or franc , costs $ 1.55 .
People who have n't accumulated much age have little idea of the corrosive power of " acceptable " inflation .
Unlike gold and silver , fiat money has no intrinsic value .
When money is created faster than goods and services it drives up prices , thus driving down the value of the money .
If freely traded currencies are excessively printed or if inflation , budget deficits , and trade deficits drive currencies off their fixed exchange rates , prices of imports rise as the foreign exchange value of the currency falls .
Today the US , heavily dependent on imports , is subject to double - barrel inflation from both domestic money creation and decline in the dollar 's foreign exchange value .
The US inflation rate is about twice as high as the government 's inflation measures report .
In order to hold down Social Security payments , the government changed the way it measures inflation .
In the old measure , inflation measured the nominal cost of a defined standard of living .
If the price of steak rose , up went the inflation rate .
Today if the price of steak rises , the government assumes that people switch to hamburger .
Inflation does n't go up .
Instead , the standard of living it measures goes down .
This is just one of the many ways that the government pulls the wool over our eyes .
With the dollar value of the euro rising through the roof , today a vacation in Europe is far more costly than in the past .
Thanks to China , so far Americans have been sheltered from the greatest effects of the dollar 's declining value .
Our greatest trade deficit is with China .
The prices of the goods from China have not risen , because China keeps its currency pegged to the dollar .
As the dollar goes down , China 's currency goes with it , thus holding down price rises .
The resignation of Admiral William Fallon as US military commander in the Middle East probably signals a Bush Regime attack on Iran .
Fallon said that there would be no US attack on Iran on his watch .
As there was no reason for Fallon to resign , it is not farfetched to conclude that Bush has removed an obstacle to war with Iran .
The US is already over stretched both militarily and economically .
An attack on Iran is likely to be the straw that breaks the camel 's back .
Paul Craig Roberts
email : PaulCraigRoberts@yahoo.com
Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Reagan administration .
He was Associate Editor of the Wall Street Journal editorial page and Contributing Editor of National Review .
With Lawrence M. Stratton he is coauthor of The Tyranny of Good Intentions .
He can be reached at : PaulCraigRoberts@yahoo.com .
Copyright ©1995-2011 Paul Craig Roberts .
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED .
321gold Ltd
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
The Incompatible Properties argument is used to disprove the existence of various supernatural claims .
It 's particularly effective to illustrate the contradiction in biblical and other scripture .
Here are examples of Incompatible Property arguments ( Note that most of these use Judeo - Christian scripture as as examples but similar arguments could be made for many other religions ) :
Absolute good
If the Judeo - Christian god is " all good " then why would he allow evil in the world ?
Why would an " all loving " god allow people to suffer ?
This concept is also known as The Problem of Evil .
For a very good elaboration on this topic , I recommend visiting this site : [ 1 ]
The common Christian response to this invokes the parable of Free will .
The problem with free will is that it introduces yet another incompatible property .
What a joy to find such clear thniikng .
Thanks for posting !
Omnipotence
If god is all - knowing and all - seeing , then he surely knows what has happened and what will happen , so why would he insist on creating man knowing man will fall from grace ?
If god is " all good " , " omniscient " and " omnipotent " then he knew he would be bringing suffering into the world .
Why would an omnipotent / omniscient creator be surprised or disappointed in his creation if he knew what was to happen ?
Why create incentives or punishment ?
Omnipotence / Omniscience paradox
It is not logically possible for god to be both omnipotent and omniscient .
If god is omniscient , he would know the future with absolute certainty ; but his ' omnipotence ' would be rendered powerless if he ever tried to alter the future , due to his ' omniscience ' .
Immorality of god
God claims to be the purveyor of absolute moral standards , but his scripture is not indicative of this .
Many activities that are considered immoral by our standards , such as genocide , rape , slavery , etc. , are promoted in scripture .
For many examples of this , I recommend clicking on either " injustice " or " cruelty and violence " on this popular site : [ 2 ] or visit this site : [ 3 ]
Creation argument
If God is unchangeable , then he cannot go from not creating to creating or vice versa .
He must have for the universe to be created .
If every creation needs a creator , who created god ?
Non-belief argument
God supposedly wants people to believe in him , yet there are people who do not , or people who believe in different gods .
It makes no sense that god would allow this to happen if having people believe in him is important .
Confusion argument
If it is that important to believe in god , why are there so many people who have such diverse ideas of god and his nature ?
Surely if god wanted us to believe , he would have made it more clear .
Books like the Bible and the Koran are anything but un-ambiguous .
Consciousness argument
Based on all available knowledge , consciousness requires a physical component ( brain , etc . )
So if god is conscious , where is his physical component ?
Slavery argument
God wants us to worship him .
He supposedly deserves this .
But humans were created to make their own choices .
If god truly deserves to be worshipped by all , then there is no freedom of choice , and in such a case , the significance of our commitment to him is nullified and we are basically slaves .
Just in time for Valentine 's Day , we 've scored a nice how - to on making your own burlesque LED pasties .
Dancing around the room , she 'll think that after all these years you still can't take your eyes off of her .
Meanwhile , you 'll get to appreciate the planet - rocking impact of power efficient LED technology .
Advertisement
Just think , if every woman ditched her normal incandescent pasties just one day a year , we 'd save enough power to abandon solar , wind an hydroelectric power sources altogether .
Am I right ?
[ instructables via boingboing ]
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
A man accused of killing his wife in New Zealand and then abandoning the couple 's 3 - year - old daughter at an Australian train station has been captured in suburban Atlanta , authorities said .
Nai Yin Xue was featured on the television show " America 's Most Wanted " twice .
Nai Yin Xue had been sought by authorities in three countries since September , when a small girl was found abandoned at a Melbourne , Australia , train station .
Surveillance footage from the station showed a man bringing her into the building and through security .
The child became known internationally as " Pumpkin , " after the kind of sweater she was wearing -- the " Pumpkin Patch " brand -- but she was identified as Qian Xun Xue .
Nai Yin Xue , who authorities believe is in his early 50s , was arrested by police at an apartment complex in Chamblee , suburban Atlanta , after a group of residents recognized him and detained him -- reportedly hog- tying him -- until officers arrived .
Officers responding to a " wanted person " call found a crowd of people at the complex , none of whom spoke English , police said .
But they were holding a Chinese - language newspaper and pointing to a photograph of a man .
An interpreter was brought to the scene and determined the group was detaining a man they said was wanted for killing his wife in New Zealand , police said .
Officers went into an apartment and saw the man , later identified as Xue , being held on the floor .
Paramedics were summoned to check him out , because he was breathing heavily , police said .
Initially , the man gave police several different names but was clearly the man in the newspaper photograph , Chamblee police said .
He was then found to be carrying a New Zealand driver 's license bearing the name Nai Yin Xue .
Xue was not believed to be living at the apartment complex , police said .
Xue is in the United States illegally , said Patrick Crosby , spokesman for federal prosecutors in Atlanta .
Because of that , Crosby said , he will not appear before a magistrate , but instead will be transferred to the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement to be sent back to New Zealand .
The video of the girl being left at the train station sparked the international manhunt .
" He just walked away from her , " said Thomas Hession , chief inspector for the U.S. Marshals ' Regional Fugitive Task Force in Los Angeles .
Police attempting to locate the girl 's parents found the body of her mother , Anan Liu , 27 , in the trunk of a car outside the couple 's Auckland , New Zealand , home .
She was believed to have been there for about six days , according to Australian and New Zealand media .
In a written statement , New Zealand police -- who identified the investigation as " Operation Patch " -- said the woman was believed to have been killed between September 11 and 13 during a " violent episode , " but said they were not searching for weapons in connection with her death .
Media reports said she was strangled .
Auckland police said the couple had a history of domestic violence .
In a Chinese - language blog , Anan Liu documented her troubled marriage , according to media reports .
Meanwhile , U.S. authorities were notified that Xue had flown to Los Angeles , California , landing September 15 -- the same day his daughter was discovered at the train station , Hession said .
Xue , who holds dual citizenship in China and New Zealand and worked as a newspaper publisher in Auckland , was featured on the television show " America 's Most Wanted " twice .
But it was the Chinese newspaper that led to his capture .
" The Chinese community was very helpful in this .
They were great , " Hession said .
" They did n't like the fact that this guy was running around . "
Los Angeles radio host Cat Chao told CNN in October , " The feeling in the Chinese community ... people are angry .
We want to nail this bastard . "
Gifts poured in for " Pumpkin , " said Australia and New Zealand media reports .
The girl was briefly taken into foster care but was later reunited with her grandmother .
Hession said the grandmother has taken her to China .
" America 's Most Wanted " reported on its Web site Thursday that the group at the Chamblee apartment hog - tied Xue until police arrived , but authorities would not confirm that , saying only that the residents detained Xue and prevented him from leaving .
A multi-agency task force has been working to find Xue .
According to his " wanted " poster -- issued by New Zealand police -- he was known to have contacts in New York , Los Angeles , San Francisco and San Diego .
He also was a self - proclaimed master of martial arts .
In January , police received a report that Xue was seen in Biloxi , Mississippi , Hession said .
Other sightings were reported in Houston , Texas , and Mobile , Alabama .
" That 's why we started hitting it pretty hard with the Gulf Coast Task Force and the Atlanta Task Force , " he said .
" America 's Most Wanted " reported the sightings , saying that authorities believed Xue was homeless and frequenting Chinese restaurants and martial arts studios .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Wayne Drash and Mike Phelan contributed to this report .
All About Crime • New Zealand
And , at first glance , this pool in Slovenia seems to fit into that same category .
But I would n’t recommend going for a dip , as this pool is filled with petrol and designed to be set on fire !
Apparently this flaming pool of death , which is located near Brnik Airport , is used during firefighter training exercises .
But , surely a pool filled with petrol is n’t very good practice for a burning craft ?
Why do n’t they just have a fire training craft like most other airports ?
Thanks : Sigurdr
I guess that ’s another negative attack that ’s backfired :
Clinton Tonight : “ You know , whatever happens , we ’re going to be fine .
You know , we have strong support from our families and our friends .
I just hope that we ’ll be able to say the same thing about the American people .
And that ’s what this election should be about . ”
– Democratic Debate , 2/21/07
John Edwards : “ What ’s not at stake are any of us .
All of us are going to be just fine no matter what happens in this election .
But what ’s at stake is whether America is going to be fine . ”
– Democratic Debate , 12/13/07
John Edwards : “ I want to say this to everyone : with Elizabeth , with my family , with my friends , with all of you and all of your support , this son of a millworker ’s gonna be just fine .
Our job now is to make certain that America will be fine . ”
– Edwards Speech , 1/30/08
Times are indeed changing .
But how much ?
Over the past of the past eight years , in the view of analysts from both parties , the country has shifted markedly on the issue of gender , to the point where they say voters could very well be open to electing a woman in 2008 .
That is reflected , they say , in polling data and in the continued success of women running for office , in red and blue states alike .
“ The country is ready , ” said Senator Elizabeth Dole , the North Carolina Republican , who ran unsuccessfully for president in 2000 .
“ I ’m not saying it ’s going to happen in ’08 .
But the country is ready . ”
By contrast , for all the excitement stirred by Mr. Obama , it is much less certain that an African - American could win a presidential election .
Not as many blacks have been elected to prominent positions as women .
Some high - profile black candidates — Harold Ford Jr. , a Democrat running for the Senate in Tennessee , and Michael Steele , a Republican Senate candidate in Maryland — lost in November .
And demographics might be an obstacle as well : black Americans are concentrated in about 25 states — typically blue ones , like New York and California .
While black candidates cannot assume automatic support from black voters , they would at least provide a base .
In states without big black populations , the candidate ’s crossover appeal must be huge .
“ All evidence is that a white female has an advantage over a black male — for reasons of our cultural heritage , ” said the Rev. Jesse L. Jackson , the civil rights leader who ran for president in 1984 and 1988 .
Still , he said , for African - American and female candidates , “ It ’s easier — emphatically so . ”
Ms. Ferraro offered a similar sentiment .
“ I think it ’s more realistic for a woman than it is for an African - American , ” said Ms. Ferraro .
“ There is a certain amount of racism that exists in the United States — whether it ’s conscious or not it ’s true . ”
“ Women are 51 percent of the population , ” she added .
Many analysts suggested that changing voter attitudes can best be measured in choices for governors , since they , like presidents , are judged as chief executives , rather than legislators .
There will be one black governor next year — Deval L. Patrick in Massachusetts , the second in the nation since Reconstruction .
Speaking at an emergency press conference called 37 minutes ago in the White House , President Bush announced that air , sea and land elements of a massive US invasion force are being assembled in the Persian Gulf and on Iran 's western borders .
Citing Monday 's national intelligence estimate that established " beyond the shadow of a doubt " that since 2003 Iran has developed a massive arsenal of non-existent nuclear weapons , Bush said he had no option but declare immediate pre-emptive war on the obstinate regime in Tehran .
" The complete absence of evidence that Iran has hostile intentions towards the west is the most conclusive evidence we have yet seen that Iran has hostile intentions towards the west . " said the President , adding that the report 's lack of any indication that Iranians are working on long - range delivery systems for their non-existent nukes can only mean that they are .
He warned that all 50 states of the homeland are in dire peril , including the state of Israel .
" We Americans are not a war - like people , " he went on somberly .
" We are patient .
We are slow to anger .
But once our righteous wrath is roused , we will kick the crap out of your sorry ass . "
Israel itself has between 200 and 400 nuclear weapons which do n't exist .
Questioned about the difference between weapons which do n't exist and non-existent nuclear weapons , Bush said non-existent nuclear weapons are far more dangerous since they are so hard to locate .
He added that while Israel 's weapons now non-exist in a legal limbo , they would become legal under the new " Non-existent Nuclear Proliferation Treaty " , which he is proposing to introduce in the UN Security Council .
It would also authorize Israel to add as many weapons which do n't exist to its arsenal as it deemed necessary to keep Arab nations in their place .
The president stressed that the new treaty should not be confused with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , which applies only to nations whose populations are 10 % or less of Euro - American origin .
The new Non-existent Nuclear Proliferation
Treaty would only apply to nations whose populations are 80 % - plus of Euro - American origin , a category into which Israel falls .
During follow - up questions ,
White House press secretary Dana Perino reacted negatively to a reporter who asked whether under the cold war principle of MAD ( mutually assured destruction )
Iran did not have the right to develop non-existent nuclear weapons to deter the use of Israel 's nuclear weapons which do n't exist .
Ms Perino characterized the question as " treasonous " ( The reporter is currently being held for questioning near Khorogos in eastern Kazakhstan ) .
Ms Perino also revealed that in cooperation with Webster 's Dictionary and Microsoft's SpelChek Inc. , the White House proposed changing the official English spelling of " nuclear ' to " nukuler "
This piece first appeared on 12.6.07 in GuardianAmerica
_______
Besth
About author Tony Hendra , author of the international best - seller Father Joe , attended Cambridge University where he performed with Pythons - to - be John Cleese and Graham Chapman .
He was an original editor of The National Lampoon and editor - in - Chief of Spy .
He also played Ian Faith in This is Spinal Tap .
His current book The Messiah of Morris Avenue , a novel , is available online and in all bookstores .
You can check it out at Tony Hendra , author of the international best - seller Father Joe , attended Cambridge University where he performed with Pythons - to - be John Cleese and Graham Chapman .
He was an original editor of The National Lampoon and editor - in - Chief of Spy .
He also played Ian Faith in This is Spinal Tap .
His current book The Messiah of Morris Avenue , a novel , is available online and in all bookstores .
You can check it out at http://www.henryholt.com/messiahofmorrisavenue/
IMF head Dominique Strauss - Kahn has been involved in the talks The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has backed plans to redistribute voting power in the organisation .
It has recommended changes which would base the power of each of the IMF 's 185 member countries on the size of their economy , reserves and trade .
The US has expressed reservations about the move but said that it would support it because it represented progress .
However poorer nations and charities have said the plans , which must still be ratified , do not go far enough .
IMF members have spent more than a year negotiating the changes - which would move some sway away from traditional industrial powers including the US , the UK and Germany - to the faster - growing emerging and developing economies .
China , India , South Korea , Mexico and Brazil are among those that will see their voting power increase .
However , under the proposal the likes of Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Russia , Iran and Argentina would lose influence and all five countries either voted against the plans or abstained from voting .
Final decisions will be made after the IMF 's spring meeting next month .
" Today 's agreement is a major step forward in the modernisation of the Fund and our efforts to adjust its structures to the dynamic and changing realities of the global economy , but it is only a first step , " said IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn .
" We are creating a more flexible system for quota and voice , which involves further changes over time as the relative positions of countries in the world economy evolve . "
The IMF said the proposed reforms feature simpler and more transparent formulae and some ad hoc quota increases to better represent more dynamic economies .
India 's executive director to the IMF , Adarsh Kishore , said the move fell short of what it " had expected , hoped for and strived for " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Glass Doctor® specialists are fully qualified to take care of your auto glass needs .
Our glass experts can repair chipped windshields before they become larger and more expensive to fix .
Most repairs can be made in under an hour and your car insurance company often covers the cost .
From the back window of a hatchback to an RV windshield , Glass Doctor can replace the auto glass on any vehicle .
Your vehicle will be back to the way it was when it first rolled off the lot .
Our team will even handle filing the insurance paperwork .
To show our commitment to your auto glass , we offer a G12 Windshield Breakage Guarantee .
This 12 - month warranty protects your auto glass against normal road hazards .
Some restrictions apply - see our G12 ® Windshield Guarantee page for more information .
We consider several factors when we decide whether to repair or replace your windshield , including the size of the chip and its location .
Repairs are always preferred over a replacement because of the convenience and price .
Our glass repair and replacement technicians carefully remove the damaged car window and install a new window according to the highest industry standards .
Rear window , passenger window , quarter glass – we do it all .
Replacing your auto glass is expensive and not environmentally friendly .
However , if a replacement is necessary , we promise to maintain the structural integrity of your windshield and car , as well as the glass clarity .
Window film saves you and your vehicle from the sun ’s harmful UV rays , meaning you wo n’t burn and your car interior wo n’t fade .
No one likes obnoxious glares or discovering that while your car was parked , it was converted into a sauna .
Window tinting will reduce heat and glare .
Purchase the G12 Windshield Guarantee to ensure your windshield replacement is protected for up to 12 months with unlimited repairs or a one - time replacement .
Exposure to rain , sun , and snow can dull your headlights , causing them to look unattractive and prevent your headlights from working as well as they should .
Our headlight lens restoration system fixes cracks , chips and discoloration without having to replace the whole headlight .
Have multiple vehicles in your business ?
Glass Doctor provides several auto services for fleets including windshield repair and replacement , auto glass protection and a G12 windshield guarantee .
For over a year , the RIAA has been going after file sharing on college campuses via the courts ( it sent out another 569 " prelitigation settlement letters " just last week ) .
Last year saw Big Content turn the pressure up on Congress to do something about P2P on college campuses : namely , trying to get legislation enacted that forces schools to act as copyright cops on the industry 's behalf .
A bill that includes this language passed the House of Representatives in February , while at least two states are considering bills with suspiciously similar language .
The academic world seems to have become concerned about these bills , and is starting to do its own lobbying .
On the federal level , the bill in question is H.R. 4137 , termed the College Opportunity and Affordability Act ; it 's awaiting consideration by the Senate .
It 's a bit of a monster , weighing in at over 800 pages , but it takes a number of steps that are intended to make college affordable , such as streamlining the financial aid process and encouraging states to fully fund their university systems .
As with most bills of this scope and complexity , it 's been easy to slip additional and seemingly unrelated provisions in .
The relevant one is Section 494 , which addresses , " Campus - Based Digital Theft Prevention . "
It states that any campus receiving money through the program should , " develop a plan for offering alternatives to illegal downloading or peer - to - peer distribution of intellectual property as well as a plan to explore technology - based deterrents to prevent such illegal activity . "
Although the phrasing suggests that these provisions are mandatory , Congressional staffers have assured Ars that this is n't the case .
Both of these provisions appear to be real losers , from a college 's perspective .
The first seems to promote the equivalent to the all - campus Napster subscriptions that generally raised fees on students and then proved less popular than commercial alternatives .
The clear irony here is that a provision that 's likely to increase student costs has been tucked into a College Affordability Act .
The academic community , however , is more perturbed by the second provision , which calls on it to start invasive policing of on - campus network traffic .
The Chronicle of Higher Education 's Wired Campus has been tracking letters sent in protest to the House and Senate from the American Council on Education and the Association for Computing Machinery .
The ACE points out ( PDF ) that studies suggest the availability of legal alternatives does n't significantly reduce file sharing , and questions whether it's a big problem anyway , as the MPAA 's revised numbers indicate that only three percent of its losses involve campus networks .
The ACM writes in ( PDF ) to let Congress know that technological solutions do n't actually work well .
Deep packet inspection will simply set off an encryption arms race with the developers of file sharing software and , even when effective , can't tell copyright infringement from legitimate use .
If it 's put into place , filtering will add a layer of complexity and insecurity to campus networks , and has the potential to inhibit the free interchange of academic material .
Getting the states to take action
Apparently recognizing that Congress might not actually pass this bill in its current form , action has commenced at the state level .
We previously reported that Tennessee was considering a law that required campus IT staff to act as network police .
Now , Illinois is considering a bill with a nearly identical provision : get ten infringement notices , and you have to install some form of deterrent system on the campus network .
Try to follow the logic here .
State schools are getting less affordable as cash - strapped states cut their support .
Congress is trying to force the states to provide them better support .
But both Congress and the states are trying to tie the financial relief to policies that promote campus expenditures on a technological arms race with the developers of file - sharing software .
Alternative titles : FFI Gone Awry , Static Buffers Considered Harmful , Mutable State Considered Harmful , unsafePerformIO Considered Harmful
My previous post discussed how inet_ntoa uses a static buffer which can cause a race condition .
Unlike in ‘ C’ , this is particularly likely to cause a race in Haskell programs due to the quick , easy , and cheap threads using forkIO that ( potentially ) share a single OS thread .
Two bright spots were that inet_ntoa was marked as IO and that the result is usually unimportant .
Another FFI binding , nano - md5 , has a similar race condition but is much more serious ( not marked as IO and the result is a digest ) .
An even - handed note : iirc , nano - md5 remains hackage mostly as an FFI example – not that this is advertised in the nano - md5 description .
“ Real ” users are told to look at hsOpenSSL and hopenssl – a cursory glance at the code suggests they do n’t have this bug .
Also , the other bindings do n’t require O ( n ) space – so they are certainly worth switching to .
The nano - md5 line :
digest <- c_md5 ptr ( fromIntegral n ) nullPtr
is the culprit .
It uses ‘ nullPtr ’ and according to the OpenSSL manual “ If md is NULL , the digest is placed in a static array ” .
Test code that confirms the bug can be found here and the developer has been notified .
I ’ll wrap this post up with a request for library developers to please work to avoid use of static buffers – they have no place in this forkIO happy playland I call Haskell .
Edit : I often write a blog post as I am dealing with the item ( sometimes a day before I bother to hit post ) .
I incorrectly hit post with the implication I submitted a patch – not true , I just mentioned the issue to dons on IRC .
New York ’s Sen. Chuck Schumer was quick to denounce this week ’s US Supreme Court ruling upholding the nation ’s strictest voter - ID law as “ a blow to what America stands for . ”
His response might have made more sense if those who ’d tried to strike down the Indiana law – which requires the state ’s voters to present valid photo IDs – had actually managed to find a single voter who ’d been improperly turned away from the polls because of it .
The lack of any injured party is why the justices , in a 6 - 3 vote , ruled that the voter - ID law ’s burden on voters is “ minimal and justified ” – and , more important , because states have “ a valid interest in protecting the integrity and reliability of the electoral process . ”
Actually , as Byron York noted on these pages last June , Democrats keep insisting , despite all available evidence , that voter fraud does n’t exist – except when George W. Bush is running for president , that is .
According to the Democrats , any and all efforts to prevent voter fraud are deliberate Republican attempts to keep minorities from the polls .
That ’s what Schumer and Hillary Clinton claimed when they were the only ones in the entire Senate who opposed a 2002 bill that provided funding to the states to crack down on fraud .
But consider some of the more outrageous recent instances of voter fraud – all of which favored Democrats :
* In heavily Democratic St. Louis in 2001 , the number of registered Democrats actually outnumbered the entire voting - age population ; one voter in 10 was also registered elsewhere .
* In the 2004 gubernatorial race in Washington state – which was decided by all of 133 votes – one county yielded 1,800 more ballots cast than the number of people who ’d signed in at the polls .
In the wake of such revelations , more than 20 states have enacted laws instituting some form of voter - ID requirement .
Even Indiana ’s law , which is the toughest , allows those who do n’t have photo IDs to cast provisional ballots and then provide other valid ID within 10 days .
That does n’t sound like an unfair burden – and a majority of the justices rightly agreed .
Because too many of those who insist on “ counting every vote ” want to count those votes – and then some .
posted by on April 29 at 8:57 AM
UPDATE : Folks want to know where they can get their hands on this new and already famous baconso I asked the person who forwarded me this picture , our own Aaron Edge , where he got it .
And , uh , perhaps I should ’ve asked Aaron that before I posted this picture .
Anyway , Edge found it at How To Avoid the Bummer Life , which found the chocolate at Marini ’s in Santa Cruz .
UPDATE 2 : There ’s no chocolate - covered bacon available for sale on Marini ’s website , so I gave the store a call just to make sure it was n’t a hoax .
Still selling chocolate - covered bacon ?
Yes , we are .
Why ca n’t I order it via your website ?
They only have selected items on the website , and the bacon is kind of new .
We ’ve only had it for a month or two .
How does it taste ?
Is it as good as it looks ?
I do n’t know .
I do n’t eat red meat .
But it ’s not red .
It ’s brown .
True .
But it ’s really kind of a guy ’s chocolate .
Like a stunt chocolate ?
Yes .
Do you sell a lot of it ?
Yes , it ’s selling pretty good .
UPDATE 3 : Aaron Edge has been a vegan for 17 years and he says he misses bacon more than anything .
Pssst !
Do n't tell anyone -- but I 'd knock over your grandma to get my hands on Resistance 2 .
Insomniac 's forthcoming sequel to their killer PlayStation 3 first - person shooter makes me feel all warm below the belt , and I fully plan on taking off of work for some eight - player cooperative action when the game hits this fall .
According to Insomniac , May will bring a flood of new information on the title , so keep refreshing your browsers accordingly .
Sony will be holding a number of press events this month , the first of which ( if I 'm not mistaken ) is taking place in Europe this week .
In a post over at NeoGAF , Insomniac 's James Stevenson has confirmed that Resistance 2 will be on hand , so perhaps we should break out our bibs to catch the drool that will be dripping from our lips .
I checked my email and voice mail 23 times this morning , and I 've yet to receive an invite to any Sony media events for May .
But even if the info has to come third - hand , we 'll be sure to pass along any juicy Resistance 2 info that slips onto the Internet in the coming weeks .
About the wiki
Asimov Wiki is an encyclopedia run and maintained by fans , for fans , and we 're dedicated to building a comprehensive and informative resource about all things related to the works of Isaac Asimov and their adaptations .
Want to share your knowledge ? for a free account and starttoday !
MANAMA ( Reuters ) - A female sailor was found dead at a U.S. naval base in the Gulf island kingdom of Bahrain on Sunday , the Navy said .
The cause of death was under investigation , and the name of the sailor was being withheld until the family had been notified , the Navy said in a statement .
It gave no further details .
In October , two female sailors were killed and a third sailor was critically wounded with what appeared to a self - inflicted gunshot wound in a shooting incident at the base .
Bahrain is the home of the U.S. fifth fleet .
About 3,000 staff live and work on the base , and generally keep a low profile in the tiny kingdom of about 1.05 million people .
I was talking to Jeremy Piger the other day about his recession probability index - I have been presenting the index for the US occasionally - and he told me that it's a good idea to look at state level data when trying to predict recessions because changes will often show up at the state level first .
Coincidentally , a couple of days later Jim Hamilton covered the same topic , so I 'll let him explain further :
Last updated at 17:12 26 March 2008
A nail varnish that " vanishes " has been developed by a group of school pupils - offering girls the chance to beat bans on makeup .
The nail colour is a vivid red outdoors - but inside it transforms to a much paler shade which can hardly be seen .
The dramatic change is caused by a chemical reaction between the varnish and the ultraviolet light in natural sunlight .
The polish was devised by pupils from Albion High School , Salford , who thought the " vanishing " colour may help them beat the school 's ban on nail polish .
Scroll down for more ...
Now you see it : Pupils from Albion High in Salford demonstrate their new varnish
Now you do n't :
The varnish , applied under ultraviolet light , is pale and all but invisible
They came up with the idea while working on an enterprise project with Paul Haywood and Sam Ingleson from Salford University 's school of art and design .
The academics were so impressed with their work that they have continued to develop it .
Mr Ingleson , a special projects officer , said : " We asked the students to think about products that would have a relevance to them and to research it .
" This led them to thinking about nail varnish - because of the high number of nail salons in the area , they thought it made good business sense .
" Part of the appeal was that the varnish would go clear indoors , so they could wear it in school .
But back outside , it would react with the sun and change colour again .
" I think it 's a really good idea and a good product .
I 'm proud of what the young people achieved . "
The polish has already been manufactured in China and the two teachers say the remaining task is to find outlets to stock it .
But they hope it could be on sale within weeks , in 32 colours inspired by Salford brickwork .
The varnish was officially launched at the opening of the Salford Innovation Forum .
By Paul Legg
Europe Editor , BBC News
Cardinal Lehmann said the Church had been " blind for too long " Germany 's Roman Catholic Church has acknowledged the extent of its involvement in the use of forced labour during World War II .
A 700 - page report says 1,000 prisoners of war and some 5,000 civilians were forced to work for the Nazis in support of the German war effort .
They were drafted from 800 Catholic - run institutions across the country .
The Church had previously paid $ 2 m in compensation to foreign workers who the Nazis had used for forced labour .
" It should not be concealed that the Catholic Church was blind for too long to the fate and suffering of men , women and children from the whole of Europe who were carted off to Germany as forced labourers , " said Cardinal Karl Lehmann , the bishop of Mainz .
The cardinal - who stood down in January as head of the German bishops ' conference - noted that the number of forced labourers used by the Church was a small fraction of the estimated 13 m compelled to work by the Nazis .
At the televised launch of the report in Mainz , the cardinal said the conditions in which people had been forced to work in Catholic institutions - such as hospitals , homes and monastery gardens - had not been as bad as elsewhere .
The Protestant Church in Germany has admitted a similar use of forced labour during the Nazi era .
A number of leading German companies , such as Deutsche Bank , Volkswagen and Siemens have , in recent years , commissioned reports into their own dubious involvement .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Military Transport Plane Makes Emergency Landing After Clipping Fighter Jet MidairA military transport plane made an emergency landing Tuesday afternoon in a Riverside County field after clipping a fighter jet midair .
2 hours ago
LA County Supervisors Vote To Allow Schools To Apply For Reopening WaiversThe Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted unanimously on Tuesday to give public school districts and private schools the ability to apply for waivers which would allow them to reopen campuses to students and resume in - person instruction .
2 hours ago
Eagle Rock Mother Warns Community Against Woman Who Attacked Her Son , Threatened To Give Him COVID - 19Julie
Shine said that she was on a walk to the park with her 10 - month - old son and her dog on Saturday when the woman ran up to her and attacked her son , who was in his stroller .
2 hours ago
LA Man Charged With Attempted Murder In LAPD Station AttackTina Patel reports .
2 hours ago
Woman Charged With Trying to Kidnap Joe Montana 's 9 - Month - Old Granddaughter Pleads Not GuiltyFelony charges were filed Tuesday against a woman who allegedly tried to kidnap NFL legend Joe Montana 's 9 - month - old granddaughter from a Malibu home .
3 hours ago
LA County Supervisors Vote To Allow Schools To Apply For Reopening WaiversThe Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted unanimously on Tuesday to give public school districts and private schools the ability to apply for waivers which would allow them to reopen campuses to students and resume in - person instruction .
3 hours ago
Amber Lee 's Weather Forecast ( Sept. 29 ) Temperatures across SoCal heating up through the end of the week .
3 hours ago
LA Breweries , Wineries Allowed To Reopen Next Week , Pending Guidelines From CountyL.A.
County is still in the state 's most restrictive tier , signifying continued widespread transmission of COVID - 19 .
3 hours ago
Mylar Balloon Knocks Out Power To Nearly 2,500 LADWP CustomersApproximately 2,500 Los Angeles Department of Water and Power customers were without power Tuesday afternoon due to equipment failure caused by a mylar balloon .
3 hours ago
Disney to Lay Off 28,000 Employees In California , FloridaMichele Gile reports .
3 hours ago
LA County To Allow Breweries , Card Rooms , Wineries To ReopenAfter drawn - out debate , the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted on Tuesday to allow breweries , wineries , and card rooms to reopen .
4 hours ago
College Student Working To Create Dissolvable ' Non-Clogging ' Toilet Paper
By Year 's EndToilet paper is back in the news , but this time its not about a shortage .
It ’s because a college student is working to develop a cost - effective , environmentally friendly and dissolvable toilet paper .
Katie Johnston reports .
6 hours ago
Woman Charged With Trying to Kidnap Joe Montana 's 9 - Month - Old GranddaughterFelony charges were filed Tuesday against a woman who allegedly tried to kidnap NFL legend Joe Montana 's 9 - month - old granddaughter from a Malibu home .
Katie Johnston reports .
6 hours ago
Alpine Village In Carson Along 110 Freeway Designated A Historic LandmarkAlpine Village , the Bavarian - themed , chalet - style shopping court alongside the the 110 Freeway , has been unanimously designated a historic landmark by the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors .
Katie Johnston reports .
6 hours ago
Westfield Sues LA County To Reopen Indoor MallsWestfield is suing Los Angeles County , challenging what the company calls the " unjustifiable " COVID - 19 closure of its shopping centers , according to court papers obtained Tuesday morning .
Katie Johnston reports .
7 hours ago
Forward Progress Halted On Martindale Fire In Santa Clarita Valley Canyons , Evacuations RemainForward progress on the Martindale Fire , which broke out Monday afternoon in the Bouquet Canyon north of Santa Clarita , has been stopped , but evacuation orders were still in place .
7 hours ago
1 Killed In Big Rig Crash On 5 Freeway
In SylmarTraffic in the area is backed up while authorities investigate the fatal crash .
Suzanne Marques reports .
9 hours ago
George Takei On " Star Trek " & Legendary Hollywood CareerTakei talks with CBS Local 's DJ Sixsmith about the legacy of Star Trek , how the show changed his life and his role as an advocate for the LGBTQ community .
10 hours ago
STEAM : IMT University Fall ShowdownSponsored by SoCal Toyota
11 hours ago
CDC On Thanksgiving : Virtual Dinner Recommended , Black Friday Shopping
Is ' High Risk 'Gatherings are not recommended to avoid the spread of coronavirus .
Suzanne Marques reports .
11 hours ago
LA County Dive Team Assists In Search For Downed Plane , Missing Lake Tahoe Woman Off Goleta BeachThe Santa Barbara County Sheriff ’s Department has taken over search and rescue efforts for a missing pilot after a small plane was reported to have crashed into the ocean off Goleta Beach .
Katie Johnston reports .
12 hours ago
Fire Consumes Two - Story Home
In South LA , Elderly Woman DiesAn elderly woman died on Monday evening after a house fire in a South Los Angeles home .
The blaze broke out around 5:30 p.m. inside a two - story house in the 2500 block of South Ninth Avenue near the Santa Monica ( 10 ) Freeway , according to the Los Angeles Fire Department .
Katie Johnston reports .
12 hours ago
LA County Set To Approve $ 36.7B
Budget , Avoiding LayoffsThe Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors is poised to approve a $ 36.7 billion budget Tuesday , increasing spending by $ 1.5 billion and avoiding layoffs .
Katie Johnston reports .
12 hours ago
Judge Blocks Rehiring Of Caren Mandoyan , LASD Deputy Fired Over Domestic Violence AllegationsA judge Monday ruled against Sheriff Alex Villanueva in his attempt to reinstate a deputy fired over allegations of domestic violence .
Katie Johnston reports .
12 hours ago
Banking analyst Meredith Whitney blasted Citigroup ’s turnaround plan yesterday , saying the financial giant is so deep in a black hole that even renown physicist Stephen Hawking could not help the ailing company .
“ We wish [ Citi ’s ] management team all the best in their ambitious endeavors , but we fear [ it ] is past the point of fixing , ” quipped the Oppenheimer analyst known for her forecast that the company would slash its dividend .
The biting remarks , in the form of a research note to clients , came on the heels of Citi ’s long - awaited turnaround plan , unveiled by the bank ’s executive team on Friday .
In a nearly four - hour presentation with investors and analysts , CEO Vikram Pandit said the bank aims to get rid of $ 400 billion in noncore assets but otherwise rejected calls to boost the stock by spinning off units .
Instead , Pandit outlined plans to further integrate the conglomerate by doing away with overlapping technology systems , among other changes .
Whitney gave Pandit ’s presentation two thumbs down , saying it was “ glaringly light on actual mechanics , ” and “ almost identical to one given by former CEO Chuck Prince about a year and a half ago . ”
Prince , who was dethroned for his role in Citi ’s mortgage - related losses , stepped down days after Whitney issued her infamous prediction about Citi ’s dividend and placed an “ underperform ” rating on Citi ’s already battered stock .
Whitney agreed Citi’s “ antiquated and disparate ” technology systems need work , but expressed skepticism about Pandit ’s plans to pull it off in tough financial times .
Similar efforts at JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo were “ extremely disruptive and expensive , ” she said .
Whitney also predicted , in an interview with Bloomberg yesterday , that Citi will be forced to sell major businesses by the end of this year or early next year , and specifically pointed to Banamex , a Mexican bank Citi bought in 2001 .
She also recommended investors sell their shares , which closed up a penny at $ 23.64 in New York Stock Exchange trading .
“ The credit outlooks and the loss assumptions for banks across the board are way too low , ” Whitney said .
“ The outlook for earnings across the board is going to be much worse than people expect . ”
kaja.whitehouse@nypost.com
Albanian and American flags have been on prominent display
Declaration
Kosovo 's parliament has unanimously endorsed a declaration of independence from Serbia , in a historic session .
Celebrations went on into the night after Prime Minister Hashim Thaci promised a democracy that respected the rights of all ethnic communities .
Serbia 's PM denounced the US for helping create a " false state " .
A split later emerged at the Security Council , when Russia said there was no basis for changing a 1999 resolution which handed Kosovo to the UN .
Seven Western countries said it was quite clear the situation had moved on .
Tens of thousands of people had thronged the streets of Kosovo 's capital , Pristina , since the morning .
We have waited for this day for a very long time ... from today , we are proud , independent and free
Hashim Thaci
Kosovo Prime Minister
Kosovo's ' dream come true ' Mark Mardell 's Euroblog Serb and Albanian views
Crowds surrounded an independence monument which was unveiled during the evening and signed by Mr Thaci and Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu .
Ethnic Albanians staged noisy celebrations in the Macedonian capital , Skopje , and in Brussels , outside the headquarters of Nato and the European Union .
Hand grenades
The first sign of trouble in Kosovo came in the ethnic Serbian area of the flashpoint town of Mitrovica , where two hand grenades were thrown at international community buildings .
Police clash with protesters in Belgrade
Enlarge Image
One exploded at a UN court building while the other failed to go off outside offices expected to house the new EU mission .
In Belgrade , demonstrators threw stones and broke windows at the US embassy as riot police tried to fend off a crowd of around 1,000 people .
The protesters , described as gangs of youths , also attacked a McDonald 's restaurant , the Serbian government building and the embassy of Slovenia which currently holds the EU presidency .
Several Serbian ministers had travelled to Kosovo to show their support for the ethnic Serbian minority .
Kosovo's 10 Serbian MPs boycotted the assembly session in protest at the declaration .
Serbia 's Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica blamed the US which he said was " ready to violate the international order for its own military interests " .
" Today , this policy of force thinks that it has triumphed by establishing a false state , " Mr Kostunica said .
Search for equality
The declaration was approved with a show of hands .
No -one opposed it .
KOSOVO PROFILE
Population about two million Majority ethnic Albanian ; 10 % Serb Under UN control since Nato drove out Serb forces in 1999 2,000 - strong EU staff to take over from UN after independence Nato to stay to provide security
In pictures : Celebrations East - West split over Kosovo In quotes : World reaction
" We have waited for this day for a very long time , " Mr Thaci told parliament before reading the text , paying tribute to those who had died on the road to independence .
From today , he said , Kosovo was " proud , independent and free " .
" The independence of Kosovo marks the end of the dissolution of the former Yugoslavia , " the prime minister said .
He said Kosovo would be built in accordance with the UN plan drawn up by former Finnish President , Martti Ahtisaari .
HAVE YOUR SAY Unfortunately today Kosovo and Serbia are to become two dispensable chess - pieces of EU / NATO and Russia Mat , Ljubljana , Slovenia
The international military and civilian presence - also envisaged by the Ahtisaari plan - was welcome , the PM said .
There should be no fear of discrimination in new Kosovo , he said , vowing to eradicate any such practices .
The declaration was signed by all the MPs present .
Russian protest
The UN Security Council went into emergency session on Sunday evening after Russia called for the United Nations to declare the Kosovo declaration illegal .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon called on all sides to keep to their commitments and refrain from violence .
Russia 's UN ambassador Vitaly Churkin told reporters that the resolution allowing the UN to administer Kosovo since 1999 was still in force so there could be no legal basis for any change in status .
But seven Western states said the UN Security Council could not agree on Kosovo 's future and all attempt to reach a negotiated outcome had been exhausted .
" We regret that the Security Council cannot agree on the way forward , but this impasse has been clear for many months , " Belgium 's UN ambassador Johan Verbeke said .
He gave the statement on behalf of Belgium , France , Italy , the UK , Croatia , Germany , and the United States .
Limitations of independence
The declaration approved by Kosovo 's parliament contains limitations on Kosovan independence as outlined in Mr Ahtisaari 's plan .
Kosovo , or part of it , cannot join any other country .
It will be supervised by an international presence .
Its armed forces will be limited and it will make strong provisions for Serb minority protection .
Recognition by a number of EU states , including the UK and other major countries , will come on Monday after a meeting of EU foreign ministers in Brussels , says the BBC's Paul Reynolds .
The US is also expected to announce its recognition on Monday .
Three EU states - Cyprus , Romania and Slovakia - have told other EU governments that they will not recognise Kosovo , says our correspondent .
Russia 's foreign ministry has indicated that Western recognition of an independent Kosovo could have implications for the Georgian breakaway provinces of Abkhazia and South Ossetia .
Western Digital has announced the Velociraptor ( $ 300 retail ) , their latest and greatest in speedy storage .
Connecting through 3GB/s SATA , the 300GB , 10,000 RPM Velociraptor is actually a 2.5 " hard drive with a massive " Icepack " heatsink that makes it large enough to fit in a 3.5 " bay .
Maximum PC already got their hands on a preproduction unit .
So how fast was it ?
Real fast .
Advertisement
In fact , the Velociraptor bested the competition ( Western Digital 's old Raptor and the Samsung HD103UJ ) in every test they threw at it .
Plus it worked great in a RAID setup as well .
Advertisement
So then Maximum PC decided to pull out an SSD to see what the Velociraptor could really do .
Of course , the $ 300 Velociraptor was thwarted by the more affluent $ 1,950 Mtron Pro-series 64 - gigabyte SSD .
Still , in terms of bang for your buck , you are n't going to do any better than Western Digital 's new chosen one .
And besides , it 's just a matter of time before someone rips off that heatsink and fits this 2.5 " monster into a laptop .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Here 's the full press release :
WD(R ) Announces WD VelociRaptor ( TM ) - The World 's Fastest SATA Hard Drive Next - generation 10,000 RPM , 2.5 - inch , 300 GB SATA Hard Drive , WD VelociRaptor is 35 Percent Faster and Twice the Capacity of the Previous Performance King
LAKE FOREST , Calif. , April 21 / PRNewswire -FirstCall / — WD ( R ) ( NYSE : WDC ) announced today that it is now shipping WD VelociRaptor ( TM ) hard drives , the next generation of its 10,000 RPM SATA " Raptor " series of drives .
Designed with an enterprise - class foundation , the new WD VelociRaptor hard drive is modified specifically for PC and Mac( R ) enthusiasts and professional workstations .
Destined to become the new high - performance favorite of these groups , the WD VelociRaptor hard drive comes packed with twice the capacity and a 35 percent performance increase over the previous generation .
From the bloodlines of the WD Raptor , the most popular hard drive for high - performance enthusiasts who demand the ultimate SATA drive , the WD VelociRaptor hard drive is built with enterprise - class mechanics and packs 300 GB of storage capacity into a 2.5 - inch enterprise form factor .
The 2.5 - inch WD VelociRaptor drive is enclosed in the IcePack ( TM ) , a 3.5 - inch mounting frame with a built - in heat sink — a customization that fits the drive into a standard 3.5 - inch system bay and keeps this powerful drive extra cool when installed in a high - performance desktop chassis .
" Demand for ever - higher PC performance continues to increase and WD is the leader in this category with the WD Raptor .
We created WD VelociRaptor hard drives to lead PC enthusiasts into the next era of PC and Mac storage performance and satisfy their insatiable thirst for computing speed , " said Tom McDorman , vice president and general manager of WD 's enterprise business unit .
" The new WD VelociRaptor delivers the greatest performance and reliability of all SATA hard drives currently on the market . "
WD VelociRaptor is the next step up for the speed - craving PC enthusiast , and as with all WD drives , attention to detail in features , performance and reliability is a top priority .
Features of the new WD VelociRaptor hard drives include :
Killer Speed —
Built on the performance of the WD Raptor , these 10,000 RPM drives , with SATA 3 Gb/s interface , and 16 MB cache deliver mind -
bending performance .
Rock - solid Reliability — WD VelociRaptor drives are designed and
manufactured to business - critical , enterprise - class standards to provide
enterprise reliability in high duty cycle environments .
The design
results in the highest available reliability rating of any SATA drive at
1.4 million hours MTBF .
IcePack Mounting Frame — The 2.5 - inch WD VelociRaptor drives are
enclosed in a 3.5 - inch enterprise - class mounting frame with a built - in
heat sink that keeps this powerful little drive extra cool when installed
in high - performance desktop chassis .
Rotary Acceleration Feed Forward ( RAFF ( TM ) ) —
Optimizes performance when
the drives are used in vibration - prone , multi - drive chassis .
SecurePark ( TM ) —
Parks the recording heads off the disk surface during
spin up , spin down and when the drive is off .
This ensures the recording
head never touches the disk surface , resulting in improved long - term
reliability and increased drive protection when the chassis is moved .
Price and Availability
WD VelociRaptor ( model WD3000 GLFS ) hard drives will be available on Alienware 's high - performance ALX gaming desktop by the end of April .
At launch , Alienware will offer maximum performance with two 300 GB WD VelociRaptor hard drives in RAID 0 configuration on www.alienware.com.
WD VelociRaptor hard drives will be shipping exclusively through Alienware this month and will be available through the company 's online store ( http://www.shopwd.com) and at select distributors and resellers mid-May .
Manufacturer 's Suggested Retail Price ( MSRP ) for the WD VelociRaptor 300 GB is $ 299.99 USD .
More information about WD VelociRaptor hard drives may be found on the company 's Web site .
Parastal CSIR , South Africa ’s national science and technology research organisation , is readying to switch most of its more than 2300 staff to using Ubuntu Linux as their default desktop .
As part of the move , the organisation has issued a request for information ( RFI ) for providers to assist in making a few remaining Windows - based applications available to users while working on Ubuntu .
According to the Strategic Procurement Unit , which issued the RFI , “ recent studies completed by the South African government concluded that an investment in open source software ( OSS ) would be beneficial to South Africa .
The National R&D strategy identifies a problem where 98 % of South African ICT investment is in imported technologies and there is little significant local innovation in ICT . ”
“ In line with the above and a strong global move to adopt open source … the CSIR has made the decision to migrate to an Ubuntu Linux desktop . ”
The CSIR has 2331 members spread over its main operational offices .
The RFI is to find solutions to allow users to continue using Windows - based applications when there is no suitable open source alternative .
“ Certain staff members in the CSIR have a dependency on software that is developed only to run on Windows .
To migrate these users to the Ubuntu Linux desktop a mechanism should be developed that still allows access to those applications from the Ubuntu Linux Desktop , ” the organisation says .
The CSIR already runs OpenOffice.org extensively across its operations but the organisation says that certain applications such as Microsoft Office , Photoshop and MS Project may be required because of certain functionality or external agreements .
What a body man does depends on the politician .
Senator John Kerry ’s aide for his presidential race in 2004 was dubbed “ part butler , part buddy . ”
Bill Clinton ’s aide when he was president said their relationship sometimes felt more like that of an old married couple .
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton has a body woman , the efficient and glamorous Huma Abedin .
On NBC ’s “ The West Wing , ” President Josiah Bartlet treated his body man , Charlie Young , like a son .
Mr. Obama said he regarded “ my guy , Reggie , ” as the kid brother he never had .
“ But maybe I ’m saying that just because he technically could be my son , ” the Illinois senator said .
“ I do n’t want to admit my age . ”
Image Reggie Love is Senator Barack Obamas right - hand man .
Credit ... Doug Mills / The New York Times
Mr. Love said he had been hired with “ no job description whatsoever . ”
“ It was just like , ‘ You just go out there and  Take .
Care .
Of. Stuff , ’ ” Mr. Love said , taking his time with each word .
Some of the “ stuff ” Mr. Love takes care of : When Mr. Obama makes calls to woo superdelegates , Mr. Love is at his side with a briefing book , dialing the numbers .
When an outdoor speech ended on a windy day in Noblesville , Ind. , he appeared behind Mr. Obama as he shook hands on the rope line .
“ Jacket ? ” he asked , a coat draped at the ready over his arm .
When Mr. Obama dropped food on his tie while eating in the car between stops , Mr. Love was ready with a Tide pen .
He always carries one , along with ballpoint pens , and has turned himself into a walking dispensary of Sharpies , stationery , protein bars , throat lozenges , water , tea , Advil , Tylenol , Purell and emergency Nicorette , not to mention his ever - present iPhone , BlackBerry and Canon Rebel XT digital camera .
( Mr. Love keeps a photo journal of the campaign , and has more than 10,000 pictures so far . )
Compared with the even - tempered and self - controlled Mr. Obama , Mr. Love is raffish , always joking with the Secret Service , offering closed - fist high - fives to members of the news media and making frequent appearances in the daily pool reports .
At a V.F.W. hall in Indiana , he helped out when the senator did not want a second Budweiser , taking it off Mr. Obama ’s hands .
Published online 17 April 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.762
News
Tiny ' living ' particles may just be lumps of limestone .
They look like tiny bacteria , have been implicated in several diseases and have even been hailed as a completely overlooked branch of the tree of life .
But are ' nanobacteria ' genuinely alive ?
New research suggests that the answer is probably no .
Ever since they were first described in the early 1980s , nanobacteria — which can be just 50 nanometres , or millionths of a millimetre , across — have captured the imagination of everyone from health experts to space biologists .
A panel convened in 1998 by the US National Academy of Sciences concluded that the particles are too small to be alive , but that did n't stop people from being fascinated by them , and some companies even say that they can detect nanobacterial infections .
Some scientists have argued nanobacteria could be the source of life on Earth .
J. Martel / J. Young
But now the nanobacteria theory has taken a blow .
New research suggests that , besides being too small to be alive , they may also be made of something not much more complex than simple chalk .
Death knell ?
Jan Martel of Taiwan 's Chang Gung University and John Young of Rockefeller University in New York created particles that look exactly like nanobacteria by incubating human serum with the chemical ingredients of simple calcium carbonate , or limestone .
The researchers then compared their creations with naturally occurring ' nanobacteria - like particles ' from human blood samples .
The particles not only looked identical to the limestone mix , they also showed no traces of DNA or RNA .
The researchers then blasted the particles with enough radiation to slaughter any bacteria , and found that the particles still looked the same .
" I am pretty confident this will put an end to the biotic mechanism for nanobacteria , " says Young , who reported the research in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences1 .
But why were some biologists so eager to believe that these were genuine life forms ?
Because the particles grow in such a life - like way , says Young .
They even split in two in a way that resembles dividing bacteria .
" They seem to grow , to propagate , and divide — you would swear they are a biological organism — but they 're not , " he says .
What is most intriguing about nanobacteria is that , although they seem to form by a chemical reaction between calcium and carbon dioxide — both of which are found naturally dissolved in blood — they are not simple lumps of chalk .
" We believe what we have found is a complex of organic molecules and minerals , " Young says .
That means that nanobacteria probably become coated with proteins or other organic molecules , which stop them from growing like a regular , jagged limestone crystal and instead look like round blobs .
It is these organic coatings that might have tricked experts into thinking that nanobacteria are alive , suggests John Cisar , a microbiologist at the US National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland .
" But the simpler explanation is that they are not life forms , " he says .
Commercial interest
Still , biological tests are commercially available for nanobacteria .
One company , Nanobac Pharmaceuticals of Tampa , Florida , offers immunological tests to detect antibodies against nanobacteria , or ' calcifying nanoparticles ' , as it calls them , in human serum or plasma .
But when Martel and Young tested this product as part of their study , they found that the antibodies detected by the test also react with albumin , a protein widely found in blood serum .
Young therefore suggests that many nanobacteria in the blood may be coated in albumin , and the test detected these .
Brady Millican , a representative of Nanobac , says " there are lots of rogue proteins associated with the structure itself " .
He says the test kit marketed by the company , which contains two different antibodies , is an assay that " captures more of the surface of the calcifying nanoparticle " .
Young does believe , however , that nanobacteria can cause disease .
Given the right chemical conditions , they " aggregate like crazy " , he says .
Perhaps this is a cause of extra-skeletal calcification , a painful and debilitating condition in which a kind of ' bone ' forms in body areas such as tendons .
Cisar , on the other hand , thinks that although calcium carbonate deposits in the body can cause some ailments , nanobacteria are probably benign because they are so widespread in the body .
" Every place you look for these things you find them , " he says .
" There 's no particular pathology . "
This article is part of Nature 's ' Next Week 's News ' experimental feature , in which readers pick the science topic they 'd like to see explored in a full - length story .
How about 20 March ?
The publicists at Random House must have thought the anniversary of the war in Iraq would make a terrific peg upon which to hang the publication of Jonathan Powell 's Great Hatred , Little Room : Making Peace in Northern Ireland .
What could be more piquant than to publish Powell 's thoughts on conflict resolution on the anniversary of a conflict supported by the same author ?
As for our hero , the only risk attached to promoting his peacemaking skills in a week when he might , more properly , have been reflecting on his part in the deaths of 175 British soldiers , was the obvious similarity of this diversionary tactic to Jo Moore 's very good day to bury bad news .
But where brazen acts of spin are concerned , the public has become more tolerant .
Jo Moore 's fate was universal contempt , followed by resignation , followed by atonement in a north London primary school .
Jonathan Powell , on the other hand , has been indulged with a week of self - glorification , during which he depicted himself as a wry yet principled drudge , whose role in pushing this country into an illegal and catastrophic war has been hugely misunderstood .
To see him today , making the case for liberal interventionism , is to marvel that this must be the same boor who , according to Christopher Meyer , the former British ambassador to the US , once instructed him to ' get up the arse of the White House and stay there ' .
Although , to be fair to Powell and fellow alumni of Blair 's Downing Street sofa , it 's clear that , during their incumbency , the two activities were considered indistinguishable .
There are limits to Powell 's genius ; he could not have organised a decoy on this scale without the help of another former enemy , the BBC .
Prior to the fifth anniversary of the Iraq war , the Corporation invited him on Andrew Marr 's Sunday morning programme , where he celebrated instead , and somewhat early , the publication of his own book .
There will be another chance to admire Powell 's contribution to conflict resolution in a forthcoming BBC documentary , The Undercover Diplomat , whose producers introduce him thus : ' Jonathan Powell was Tony Blair 's designated man behind the scenes working on behalf of the Prime Minister to secure a lasting peace ...'
Meanwhile , Tony Blair 's designated judge , Lord Goldsmith , was toiling away as Attorney General , a role which has recently been largely eclipsed by his new incarnation as the author of a report on Britishness , ' Citizenship : Our Common Bond ' .
Goldsmith 's bizarre document , part preposterous , part stultifyingly boring , was published in the same week that , five years ago , he gave the war his blessing .
In 30 Days , his still - revealing book about being a Downing Street fly on the wall in March and April 2003 , Peter Stothard recalls the triumphant moment , on 15 March , when Goldsmith ' fortunately ' overruled the opinions of Foreign Office lawyers and sanctioned invasion : ' If he did not judge the coming war to be legal , ' Stothard wrote , ' there would be no British troops fighting it . '
Stothard , unlike the little gang on Blair 's sofa , could not have known at the time that Goldsmith was also abandoning his own , previously equivocal position .
Nor that , over at the Foreign Office , Elizabeth Wilmshurst , deputy legal adviser , was about to resign , since 'an unlawful use of force on such a scale amounts to the crime of aggression ' .
If his Britishness proposals were less polished than Powell 's protracted tribute to himself , the utter absurdity of Goldsmith 's nation - building wheezes proved just as effective at changing the subject .
Rather than question Goldsmith 's staggering effrontery in returning to public life , as opposed to , say , hiding under a stone , or taking a boat to the Hague and turning himself in , commentators ridiculed his plans for oaths of allegiance .
Oaths which , much as they might distress schoolchildren , rarely succeed in killing them .
Today , with the anniversary recriminations just about over , you can almost see Powell and Goldsmith getting up , glancing around and dusting themselves off prior to returning to their respective desks at Morgan Stanley and Debevoise & Plimpton .
Of the still wilier Sally Morgan , now Baroness Morgan of Huyton , and fellow wartime trusty , nothing has been seen .
Except by her colleagues at the Carphone Warehouse , where she serves Blair 's yacht - owning friend Charles Dunstone as a non-executive director .
As for Alastair Campbell , the author of the dodgy dossier is thought to be busy with a more extended work of fiction .
Certainly , although reporters have risked their lives in Iraq these the last weeks to show us how its citizens feel about the devastation of their lives and country , it has proved far more difficult to extract the great bully himself from his lair in Gospel Oak and uncover his current thinking on how it all went .
Less controversially , one would like to know if he ever gets any sleep .
Comparatively blameless politicians , who would never , after all , have had to vote for war if Powell and Morgan had not helped prosecute it , Campbell not propagandised it and Goldsmith not licensed it must wonder why the public seems so much more exercised about nests of tables and jobs for the family .
Fraudulent though it is , the act of wangling an idle relative on to the payroll is generally considered a lesser offence than manslaughter , or its white collar version , exaggerating evidence so as to facilitate a war which will kill and maim hundreds of your compatriots .
Given the current state of his reputation , it seems unlikely that Derek Conway will return from obscurity any time soon to exclaim that he would happily do it all over again .
Powell , in contrast , remains so buoyed by achievements in Iraq that he now proclaims the need for ' us ' to remove yet more foreign dictators , regardless of the toll in human suffering .
In fairness , even Powell was not entirely spared and still recalls the sicky feeling when he heard about David Kelly .
Campbell , as we know , was also afflicted by David Kelly syndrome , though he subsequently rallied enough to publish his diaries , tour his one - man show and routinely chastise the press for its woeful habit of reducing public figures ' from hero to zero ' .
' Shades of grey do n't fit the formula , ' he complained in the recent Cudlipp lecture .
It is an opinion he will surely want to revise in the light of the extraordinary amnesty this same media now extend to him and his former colleagues , all of them coloured the same dirty charcoal .
Not one of these aggressors has apologised .
Yet , with their moral vacuity and collective ineptitude established beyond doubt , they have somehow dodged disgrace .
Every one of them , even Jack Straw , even Geoff Hoon , has prospered .
Some presume , as a sideline , to lecture us on ethics .
While successive commentators have admitted that they got it wrong , the message from Blair , who duped them all , is that presidency of the EU would fit comfortably into a professional portfolio which already includes forging peace in the Middle East , writing his memoirs , teaching , advising an insurance company and some sort of PR for JP Morgan .
Opponents of the war have done less well .
Cook is dead ; the irritating Clare Short , though ultimately more principled than most of her colleagues , remains the object of ridicule ; Andrew Gilligan , whom we heard in Iraq for the BBC on the day the bombs dropped , now toils for the Evening Standard .
I am not sure about Greg Dyke , whose last memorable appearance was his resignation from the BBC , when he said : ' We need closure . '
In reality , we need the opposite .
Blair was always wanting us to draw lines , move on and get over things , quickly if we would n't mind hurrying up .
Why do we still indulge him ?
Copyright : The Open University Open2.net fades away ...
For ten years , give or take , Open2.net was the online home of Open University and BBC programming .
Over the last few months , though , we 've been moving into OpenLearn , creating one home for all The Open University 's free learning content .
It means we share a home with the Open University 's iTunesU and YouTube channels , and much more besides .
You can use the navigation at the top of this page to explore what we have on offer .
There 's lots to do - you could watch Evan Davis exploring the state of British manufacturing ; explore the frozen planet ; get to know the science and history of the Olympics or have a look at our free courses .
Most of the content from Open2. net has been brought across ; if you 've landed here after typing or searching for an Open2. net URL then you 're probably looking for something that fitted into one of these categories :
Open2 forums
We still want you to join in , comment and share your views .
But OpenLearn encourages you to comment on the content you 're reading , rather than travel off to a different part of the site .
Some of the more interesting Open2 debates have been imported ; and comments on the Open2 pages have been brought across , too .
Open2 blogs
All the blog content from Open2 is here on OpenLearn - it might be that you 're trying to find a specific URL for the content that is n't being recognised by OpenLearn .
You could try searching for the article here .
Other Open2 pages
Although most Open2 content came across , some pages - such as those which were only designed to help navigate the site - were not imported .
If you 're looking for something specific , you could try searching for the article here .
If you can't find something and would like us to look into why , alert us through the comments section on this page .
__________
This last weekend I got an email from M.I.T. opto-electrical engineering grad student Justin Phun , who apparently likes to tinker with commercial electronics devices for a hobby .
He said he had figured out how to get into the " diagnostic mode " of the processor that controls his speedlight . "
I thought .
Then he told me what he could do with his flash from the diagnostic mode .
Normally this would be the point where I tell you to make the jump to read more .
But before that , this :
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER :
What Justin is talking about in the rest of this post will almost certainly be outside of the warranty parameters on almost any electronic flash -- even if the manufacturer 's lawyers did not have the foresight to include the actual wording .
And as such , I bear absolutely no respsonsibility for whatever happens to your flash if you overclock it too far .
Background
Turbocharging Your Flash
So , What 's the Catch ?
___________FWIW , the word " overclock " normally is used to describe the process of speeding up a computer processor .
But since there is n't really a word ( as far as I can tell ) to describe what Justin has figured out how to do , I am open to better suggestions in the comments .
But for now , I 'll use overclock for simplicity 's sake .
What we are talking about is making your speedlight more powerful .
more powerful .
I try to avoid the technical stuff on this site , mostly to avoid the inevitable " can you explain this to me again " emails from reader Patrick Smith .
But this thing needs a little lead - in , so bear with me .
This is the main printed circuit board from inside a Nikon SB - 800 .
And no , I did not tear mine apart for you just to get this picture .
Sometimes it helps to have friends at Nikon .
( Thanks , Bill ! )
The chip with the circle around it is the main processor -- the NEC 40 - 108 .
As it happens , it is used in most of the strobes built by the Big Two , Nikon and Canon .
The SB - 800 and SB - 600 is controlled by that chip , as is every Canon flash since the 430 EZ .
I am not too familiar with the earlier Canon models , but I know the SB - 800 and SB - 600 's work fine .
As do the Canon 540s , 550s and 580s .
( We got it to work on all of those models in Charlotte . )
Normally , these flashes all put out about 60 watt - seconds of power , give or take .
But if you own one of the above flashes , you can make it go a lot higher than that .
What Justin has found is that , by a special button sequence , you can enter the flash 's diagnostic mode .
These special modes are normally used by technicians to test units internally while diagnosing or repairing them .
Makes sense .
I had heard of that kind of thing before with computers , and actually use the diagnostic mode to better aim my XM Satellite Radio home antenna .
But if you turn on most any speedlight in it 's diagnostic mode , let it charge up , turn it off , and then turn it on again , .
And not just once , either : Apparently , the diagnostic mode fools the charging circuitry into thinking the flash has discharged .
Justin thinks it has something to do with testing the charging electronics on the testing bench .
Whatever .
Short answer is , you get more power .
Two charge cycles = 120 watt - seconds .
Four charge cycles = 240ws .
Eight charge cycles = 480ws --
We are talking AlienBees territory here .
There always a catch .
In fact , this time there are two catches .
First of all , the button sequence is a bear to get timed right .
Fortunately , once you get it once , you do not have to repeat it for subsequent charges on the same pop .
Just turn it off and on again for each additional 60 ws .
The second catch is more important .
Way more , actually ...
FINAL WARNING : Do n't go nuts with it .
The higher you charge up your flash , the more you will stress both the flash tube and the capacitor .
potentially blind
Finally : The Button Sequence
1 . The power button or switch is all you will need to use .
2 . Charge the flash up and then turn it off without firing it .
3 . Wait exactly one minute , then turn it back on by holding the button down for exactly five seconds .
On flashes with physical switches , just switch it on .
4 . Whatever you normally see in your info screen , it should be the same -- but with the word DIAG overlaid .
5 . Once you get to DIAG , the rest is easy : Turn it off , then back on , for each 60ws of power you want to add .
If You Dare to Try It , Tell Us Your Results
We got to 300ws ( five charge cycles ) easily , without seeming to stress the flash at all .
In fact , 300ws is the power level in the self - inflicted " test pop " John Folsom used toilluminate himself in the photo at the top of the post .
( Exposure info : ISO 200 , 1/500th of a sec , at f/32 ( with the flash set at 300 watt - seconds . ) I even did several 600ws pops with no problems .
And you can probably guess what happened next ...
Sadly , this is what happens on a fifteen - charge - cycle pop .
Equivalent watt - seconds : I know .
I 'm stupid .
But I could n't help myself .
It made a loud pop , we smelled a LOT of ozone , there was a chorus of , wince - faced " oooohs " and the flash head came out looking like the pic at left .
( Click it for a closer , sadder look . )
So consider that fair warning .
120 ws ? Fine .
240ws ?
No prob .
600ws ?
I 'd do that sparingly .900 ws ?
No .
And no matter what you crank your strobe up to , it is all on you .
Do this at your own risk .
Although , the double cycle stuff was completely harmless , FWIW .
So , I 'd say 120ws is pretty darn safe .
We got that much on the SB - 800 , the SB - 600 , a 540 and a 580EX ( Mk II ) over and over .
Okay , follow me here .
Because it is harder to get than it looks in print .
But it is easy to repeat , once you get the hang of it .
Shown at left is Southern Short Course student John Folsom ( the first one of us to get it ) as he showed the sequence to some other students .
It took me 15 minutes of trying to get it right , then I could do it almost every time .
In the end , everyone in our group was able to do it : Again , some levels : 120ws for the chickenhearted .
300ws for the playas .
600ws is pushing it .
And 900ws gets you a fried green tomato .
Whatcha gonna do with your new 300ws , pocket - sized flash ?
Overpower the sun ?
Get more aperture on your studio shots ?
Blind the cat ?
( No , not that ... ) Sound off in the comments .
If you exercise restraint ( as opposed to me ) this thing is just awesome .
Just keep it to 300ws or so .
And be patient on the button sequence -- it 's all about the timing .
But do n't get discouraged .
Once we got it , repeating it was piece of cake .
I will be traveling back to Maryland today , so please be patient on the comment moderation .
小学生にまで英語を教えることは、いろいろ議論があるとは思うけれど、日本語以外の言葉の存在を知ることで、言語が単なるメディアであり、その表現に対する客観的な見方を意識させることに価値がある、と僕は思う。
そして、この意味では、英語に限らず、幾つかの外国語を教えても良いと思うし、それを国語の学科の中に取り入れるべきだとも考える。
英語だけでなく、いろんな言語も！というのは同意。-
MORI LOG ACADEMY : 英語と国語少なくとも、５言語くらいの「さわり」だけでもやると良さそう。マスターするんじゃなくて知識として持っておくために。大学のときにオムニバス形式の講義がありました。毎回いろいろな言語の先生が登場して、各言語の成り立ちや特性なんかを解説してくれました。フランス語、ドイツ語、ロシア語、スペイン語、ポルトガル語、朝鮮語、中国語、などなど毎回楽しみでした。まあ20年近く前の話なのでほとんど内容は覚えていないですけどね。というわけで、社会の時間でも国語の時間でもいいから、外部から特別講師を１コマ分だけ呼んでこういう授業をやると良いんじゃないかなあ、と。小学生だったら、かなーり世界が広がるかと。
On March 17 , 2008 , Alarabiya.net reported that the Saudi Shura Council has recommended allowing women to drive .
The recommendation follows recent efforts by Saudi women rights activists headed by Wajeha Al - Huwaidar and Fawziya Al - Uyuni .
Ten days ago Al - Huwaidar marked the International Women ’s Day , March 8 , 2008 by driving her car in Saudi Arabia appealing to the minister of interior , Prince Nayef to allow women to drive .
Her driving was posted on Youtube and received international attention . [ 1 ]
[ To view the clip translated into English see MEMRI TV clip No. 1712 , visit http://www.memri.org/legacy/clip/1712 ]
The following is a summary of the Saudi Shura Council recommendation .
The Recommendations
A source in Saudi Arabia 's Shura Council reports that the council has submitted a recommendation to senior elements in the country to permit women to drive vehicles , with the following stipulations :
The woman driver must be under 30 .
The woman 's driving is conditional upon the permission of a relative [ father , husband , brother , or son ] .
The woman driver must obtain a driver 's license from the center for teaching women to drive .
The woman driver must be modestly dressed .
The woman driver will be permitted to drive alone in the cities , but outside the cities she must be accompanied by a relative .
The woman driver will be permitted to drive Saturday through Wednesday between 7:00 AM and 8:00 PM .
The woman driver must have a cell phone with her , so she can call for help in an emergency .
The woman driver must pay a certain sum when her license is issued ; this sum will be set aside for car repairs .
The Shura Council also ordered the following :
The establishment of a special women 's transportation department ; this department will collect the fees .
The establishment of a telephone emergency center .
The establishment of transportation centers for women in the cities , which will be under religious supervision .
The council stipulated that a woman driver who violates these rules will have her license revoked .
In the framework of this recommendation , the Shura Council is required to impose a one - month prison sentence and a fine on anyone talking with a woman driver from another car , and an eight - month prison sentence and a fine on anyone who sexually harasses a woman driver .
A transportation administration source reports that the Shura Council has as yet issued no guidelines for establishing a women 's transportation department .
Endnote :
[ 1 ] For CNN ’s coverage , visit http://edition.cnn.com/video/?/video/world/2008/03/10/nasr.saudi.women.drivers.cnn ( for video ) and http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/meast/03/11/saudi.women.drivers/index.html ( for the article ) .
For ABC
News coverage , visit http://abcnews.go.com/Video/playerIndex?id=4422278 ( for video ) and http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=4420162&page=1
( for the article ) .
See also http://politiken.dk/udland/article481878.ece.
Actor Will Smith is funding his own private school that will teach youngsters using an educational system devised in part by the Scientology cult .
The curriculum at Smith 's New Village Academy of Calabasas , on which he has spent nearly £ 500,000 , uses different educational theories including " study technology " – a learning method developed by L Ron Hubbard , the founder of the Church of Scientology .
Websites dedicated to monitoring Scientologist activity are also claiming that at least six members of staff employed at the £ 6,000 - a- year private academy are members of the controversial sect .
The religious organisation has raised its profile in the last few years as a number of celebrity adherents have made their beliefs public .
Smith has been surrounded by rumours that he is now a fully - fledged member of the Church of Scientology , due largely to his close friendship with the organisation 's star member , Tom Cruise .
Last month , Smith brushed aside the rumours saying : " You do n't have to be Jewish to be a friend of Steven Spielberg .
You do n't have to be a Muslim to be a friend of Muhammad Ali .
And you do n't have to be a Scientologist to be a friend of Tom Cruise . "
" I am a Christian .
I am a student of all religions .
And I respect all people and all paths . "
" I do n't necessarily believe in organised religion .
I love my God , my higher power , but it is mine and mine alone , and I create my connection , and I decide how my connection is going to be , " he added .
The curriculum on his academy 's website makes no mention of Scientology but in the glossary explaining its teaching methods , Study Technology is described as : " An educational model developed by L R Hubbard , study technology focuses on three principles .
First is the use of " mass " ( manipulatives and hands - on experiences ) to foster understanding – children need to see and feel what they are learning about .
Second is the attention to the ' gradient ' , which ensures students master one level before moving on to the next .
" Third is the ' misunderstood word ' , in which students master word definitions and are taught not to read past words they do n't know the meanings of in order to understand completely what they are reading and learning .
NVA uses study technology as an umbrella methodology woven through the subjects . "
Critics have attacked the system for its basis in religious dogma , its undisclosed ties to Scientology and a lack of data with which to evaluate its educational value .
Study Technology is not widely used in the US .
Apart from the Hubbard College of Administration International , an unaccredited post - secondary school , only students taught in a number of academies run by the Delphi Schools organisation across the US use the system .
None of them are accredited by their regional or national accreditation bodies .
Schools are charged up to 10 % of their course fees for using the system .
Smith paid $ 890,000 ( £ 445,000 ) to lease the Indian Hills high school in Calabasas , near his California home after failing to find a suitable institute for his two young children , Jaden , nine and Willow , seven .
Until now , the I Am Legend star and his wife Jada Pinkett have been home schooling the pair .
A spokesperson for Smith says of the school - renamed the New Village academy of Calabasas : " Will is leasing the campus for three years , plus he 'll cover all costs such as utilities .
The academy will be run privately , and will include pre-kindergarten through grade six . "
On the school 's website , prospective parents are told that the school operates a sugar - free policy and that students will each be fed nutritional breakfasts , lunch and two " high quality " snacks every day .
And when it comes to discipline : " If a child makes a wrong decision , instead of going to the principal 's office , he or she speaks to the ethics teacher . "
In an attempt to increase book sales , HarperCollins Publishers will begin offering free electronic editions of some of its books on its Web site , including a novel by Paulo Coelho and a cookbook by the Food Network star Robert Irvine .
The idea is to give readers the opportunity to sample the books online in the same way that prospective buyers can flip through books in a bookstore .
“ It ’s like taking the shrink wrap off a book , ” said Jane Friedman , chief executive of HarperCollins Publishers Worldwide .
“ The best way to sell books is to have the consumer be able to read some of that content . ”
Starting Monday , readers who log on to www.harpercollins.com will be able to see the entire contents of “ The Witch of Portobello ” by Mr. Coelho ; “ Mission : Cook !
My Life , My Recipes and Making the Impossible Easy ” by Mr. Irvine ; “ I Dream in Blue : Life , Death and the New York Giants ” by Roger Director ; “ The Undecided Voter ’s Guide to the Next President : Who the Candidates Are , Where They Come from and How You Can Choose ” by Mark Halperin ; and “ Warriors : Into the Wild ” the first volume in a children ’s series by Erin Hunter .
Happy New Year !
And do n’t feel bad about taking today off .
After all , you ’ve traveled far .
And I ’m not talking about the trip home from the party last night .
According to NASA , just by being on the planet earth in the last year , you ’ve zipped about 584 million miles around the sun to get back where you were .
At an average speed of about 67,000 miles per hour .
Again , not talking about the drive home last night .
Of course , the trip was not a perfect circle .
As Kepler showed , the earth ’s orbit is an ellipse , with the sun at one of the two focal points .
He also figured out the planet goes faster when it ’s at perihelion , nearer the sun , than when it ’s at aphelion , its furthest distance .
Which would explain why summer seems to zip by , except the seasons are a function of the tilt of the earth ’s axis , not its different distances from the sun .
And the earth rotated 365 and a quarter times during its sweep around the sun .
The trip took 8,766 hours .
Or 31,557,600 seconds .
Or 525,960 minutes just like this one .
— Steve Mirsky
Obama ties economic woes to Iraq war Associated Press
Published : Thursday March 20 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Barack Obama blamed the Iraq war for higher oil prices and skyrocketing debt Thursday as he sought to tie the unpopular war to the slumping economy in working - class West Virginia .
The Democratic hopeful is trying to cut into Hillary Clinton 's base in West Virginia .
The state 's demographics appear to favor Clinton , whose support is strongest among older white voters and blue - collar workers .
" When you 're spending over $ 50 to fill up your car because the price of oil is four times what it was before Iraq , you 're paying a price for this war , " Obama said .
" When Iraq is costing each household about $ 100 a month , you 're paying a price for this war . "
By linking the economy to the war , Obama is playing to his perceived strength as someone who spoke out against the war as a state lawmaker in Illinois .
He has criticized Clinton for only recently opposing the war and said Thursday that her criticism of Republican John McCain 's war policies lacks teeth .
" Her point would have been more compelling had she not joined Senator McCain in making the tragically ill - considered decision to vote for the Iraq war in the first place , " Obama said to cheers .
It was the third consecutive day that Obama set aside his usual stump speech and delivered a more focused issue speech .
He discussed race relations on Tuesday and the foreign policy consequences of the Iraq war Wednesday .
Obama has won more states than Clinton , leads in the popular vote and holds a nearly insurmountable lead in pledged delegates .
But neither candidate can clinch the nomination without help from superdelegates , the party leaders who are not bound by any primary or caucus and are free to vote for whomever they choose .
Clinton hopes a strong finish in the remaining primaries will persuade superdelegates to back her in a close race despite the delegate shortfall .
West Virginia holds its primary May 13 .
The economy is a key issue in West Virginia and Obama aides concede that Clinton is expected to perform well here .
" For what folks in this state have been spending on the Iraq war , we could be giving health care to nearly 450,000 of your neighbors , hiring nearly 30,000 new elementary school teachers , and making college more affordable for over 300,000 students , " Obama said .
Obama was introduced at the University of Charleston by West Virginia Sen.
Jay Rockefeller , who played up Obama 's blue - collar credentials and his familiarity with his home state 's coal industry .
" He 's a man who 's worked for everything he 's achieved .
That 's something I can't say , " Rockefeller joked .
He said Obama can see the world " through the eyes of those who are in the trenches everyday struggling to make ends meet and who are fighting to keep their families together . "
Smug people make lousy entrepreneurs .
New research reveals big - headed business people are more likely to jump into new ventures with little regard for competition and market size .
The results , detailed in the recent issue of the journal Experimental Psychology , shed light on why many ventures fail in the first few years .
In 2006 , nearly 650,000 new businesses with employees opened their doors in the United States , while nearly 565,000 firms closed , according to the U.S. Small Business Administration .
More than 99 percent of the nearly 27 million businesses in the U.S. in 2006 were small firms with fewer than 500 employees .
" Market entry decisions tend to be overoptimistic , " said lead researcher Briony Pulford , a psychologist at the University of Leicester in England , " with the inevitable result that new business startups tend to exceed market capacity , and many new businesses fail within a few years . "
Pulford and her colleagues set up a game that simulated market conditions .
Participants stood to gain capital or see a loss based on their decisions on whether to open restaurants given different market scenarios .
" Our results showed that when success depended on skill , overconfidence tended to cause excess entry into a market place , " Pulford said .
The self - sure participants tended to venture into markets that were too small to accommodate another profitable business .
" Excess entry was much more frequent when market capacity was small , " Pulford said , " suggesting that entrepreneurs do not take sufficient account of market capacity . "
The individuals most likely to make overoptimistic decisions were those with absolute confidence in their own abilities .
So the cockiness did n't arise from comparisons with others .
Some advice for eager entrepreneurs : " They should beware of overconfidence , " Pulford said , " and they should be especially wary when entering small markets or markets that seem to present easy business opportunities , because over - entry seems most likely in these circumstances . "
Funding for the study came from the Economic and Social Research Council .
Put Impeachment on the Table
As you know , Obama , Clinton and McCain have taken impeachment of Bush and Cheney off the table .
Nader / Gonzalez want to put it back on .
Our campaign will be impeachment central for this momentous election year .
No one should be above the law - especially chronic violators .
We ’re building a nationwide campaign to end the corrupt two party duopoly and pressure the complicit Democrats to do their sworn duty and impeach the two unaccountable outlaws in the White House .
Last week , I wrote to House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers once again urging him to hold impeachment hearings .
This week , citizens from around the country are sitting in at Chairman Conyer ’s office on Capitol Hill demanding that he take action .
In that letter to Congressman Conyers , I pointed out the obvious :
Many prominent Constitutional law experts believe President Bush has engaged in at least five categories of repeated , defiant " high crimes and misdemeanors " , which separately or together would allow Congress to subject the President to impeachment under Article II , Section 4 of the Constitution .
In addition to a criminal war of aggression in Iraq , in violation of our constitution , statutes and treaties , there are the arrests of thousands of Americans and their imprisonment without charges , the spying on Americans without juridical warrant , systematic torture , and the unprecedented wholesale , defiant signing statements declaring that the President , in his unbridled discretion , is the law .
The sworn oath of members of Congress is to uphold the Constitution .
Failure of the members of Congress to pursue impeachment of President Bush is an affront to the founding fathers , the Constitution , and the people of the United States .
Tomorrow - Saturday , April 5 , 2008 at 6 p.m. - I ’ll be giving a major address about the impeachment at the historic National Constitution Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
If you are in the area , please join our rally in a call to bring Bush and Cheney to justice .
If not , please donate now whatever you can to fuel our 50 - state put impeachment back on the table campaign , and tell your friends about votenader.org .
Thank you for your dedication to peace and justice .
Onward
Ralph Nader
PS : We invite your comments to the blog .
Barbara L. Minton
Natural News
May 13 , 2008
Americans are catching on to the North American Union scheme and voicing their opposition .
The right wing grassroots organization , American Policy Center ( APC ) , has just concluded a survey of one million American households .
The survey , titled " Do Americans Support a North American Union " asked a series of questions concerning the Security and Prosperity Partnership ( SPP ) and the Trans Texas Corridor ( TTC ) .
Included with the survey was a four - page report prepared by APC entitled " NAU Fact Sheet " , providing details about the SPP , the TTC , as well as an explanation of how these programs are being implemented without public scrutiny in meetings held behind closed doors , like the one just completed in New Orleans .
The chosen households represented no specific political ideological positions .
They were from a wide variety of American households living in the direct path of the proposed Trans Texas / NAFTA Corridor , running from Mexico to Canada across the midsection of the U.S. — learn more at ( http://www.naturalnews.com/023058.html) and ( http://www.naturalnews.com/022974.html) .
The survey questions were :
1. Have you heard of the Security and Prosperity Partnership ?
58 % of those responding said they did Not know about the SPP .
2 . Do you think private corporations should have the power to enforce trade policy that may adversely affect our national sovereignty and independence ?
This question related directly to the establishment of public / private partnerships between private corporations and government , granting no -compete clauses and comprehensive development agreements which provide guarantees by government to the corporations as investment returns .
The TTC is not a free enterprise , but is government sanctioned monopolies .
As this question was explained by the APC , 95 % of respondents Opposed such policy .
3. Chapter 11 of the NAFTA agreement states that disputes over NAFTA - related issues will be heard in NAFTA courts superseding U.S. local , state and federal courts , including the Supreme Court .
Question three asked ,
Do you think this would be a threat to U.S. sovereignty ?
91 % of respondents said Yes .
4 . The SPP calls for expanding the U.S. security perimeter to include the borders of Canada and Mexico .
Question 4 asked ,
Do you think it would strengthen U.S. security to expand our borders to the outer borders of Canada and Mexico ?
87 % of respondents answered No .
5 . Do you think it will strengthen U.S. Border security to allow trucks from Mexico and Canada to travel , free of inspection , up a corridor which has been built and is controlled by foreign corporations into the heartland of the United States ?
Texas Department of Transportation has already signed a 50 - year agreement with a Spanish company named Cintra to build the TTC .
In September of 2007 , the Bush Administration started a pilot project to allow Mexican trucks to cross the U.S. border without inspections and be free to travel inside the United States .
The Senate has also passed the omnibus spending bill that " was clearly written and designed to put the breaks on the current pilot program " , according to Senator Byron Dorgan .
Yet the Bush Administration , under the leadership of Transportation Secretary Mary Peters , continues the program , now in violation of federal law .
95 % of respondents to this survey Opposed the Mexican truck project .
6 . Would you support efforts to replace the U.S. dollar with a common North American currency some call the " Amero " ?
Though denied by the Bush Administration , there has been much discussion about the creation of a North American currency that would mimic the Euro .
In an October , 2007 appearance on the Larry King Show on CNN , former Mexican President Fox answered in the affirmative when King asked about the creation of a united currency .
92 % of respondents said they would Not support such a common North American currency .
7 . Do you believe there should be public hearings and debate on this policy before it is allowed to move forward ?
So far , there has been no congressional legislation , hearings , or oversight concerning the establishment or operation of the SPP .
No federal money has been officially allocated by Congress .
No official authority has been provided for the creation of the SPP .
95 % of respondents answered Yes , there should be debate and discussion with public participation .
Americans believe it is wrong to make such significant national policy changes without debate and discussion .
8 . Should the Bush Administration be allowed to move forward with its plans to create a " North American Community " without Congressional approval ?
Again , the American people have shown they understand that it is Congress which should decide such policy as this .
They responded with a resounding 97 %
No to this question .
9 . Do you believe the United States should be " harmonized " or merged into a union with Mexico and Canada ?
The words most often used by the Administration concerning the SPP are " harmonize " and " integrate " .
The U.S. is a representative Republic ; Mexico is a socialist government ; and Canada is part of the British Crown .
There are no grounds for " harmonization " unless drastic changes are made to the U.S. judicial and financial systems .
88 % said No to harmonization with Mexico and Canada .
10 . Respondents were asked to provide comments and thoughts on the SPP .
The word most often used was " treason " .
Another said , " I want no part of the social health care of Canada and I do not want to incorporate Mexico ’s turmoil and poverty into our United States . " .
Many others said , " I want secure borders , not easy traffic between the U.S. , Canada and Mexico .
And another bluntly said , " Bush ’s actions formulate a horrifying destruction of our proud nation " .
Many others used even stronger language .
Once Americans learn about the SPP , they are clearly opposed .
In the face of this overwhelming opposition , on April 21 - 22 , in yet another closed door meeting in New Orleans , President Bush and heads of state from Mexico and Canada continued to deny the SPP is anything more than a " dialogue " among the three nations .
Tom DeWeese , president of the American Policy Center , sees it differently .
" As the Texas Department of Transportation signs an agreement with the Spanish company Cintra , containing no -compete clauses and guaranteed returns ; as the Kansas City council loans $ 2.5 million to build the inland truck port called KC Smart Port ; as the twenty SPP working groups continue to write policy ; as the Mexican trucks roll over our borders ; as high level meetings go on –- the Bush Administration dares to deny that Anything is happening .
Why ?
The responses to APC ’s survey show why .
When Americans understand the truth , they say No in resounding numbers . "
Concludes De Weese , " Clearly the American people are overwhelmingly opposed to the harmonization of North America .
We just want our country –- strong , independent and secure . "
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Facts About Plastics : Which Types To Avoid Posted by Pile ( 35960 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
[ Industry ]
There 's a lot of controversy surrounding recent stories about BPA in plastic bottles and its effect on peoples ' health .
So have you ever paid attention to those numbers on the bottom of plastic bottles ?
What do they mean ?
Let 's find out .
You may never have heard of a chemical called bisphenol A ( BPA ) , but odds are it ’s circulating in your body .
It was in 93 percent of 2,517 Americans age 6 and over , tested by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in a study that was recently released .
How much exposure is acceptable is at the heart of a new debate over BPA , which is used in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics , such as clear , hard water bottles and baby bottles .
The chemical is also used in the making of resin coatings for the linings of cans .
What To Look For
Plastic is the most widely used material in the United States , and it crops up in everything from toys to clothes to food containers .
But not all plastics are created equal , particularly in regards to food storage :
Some plastics can transmit chemicals into your food , while others are perfectly safe .
Before you know which type of plastic container to buy the next time you hit the store , you first need to know how to tell them apart .
Plastics are typically classified by a number from # 1 to # 7 , each number representing a different type of resin .
That number is usually imprinted on the bottom of your container ; flip it upside down , and you 'll see a recycling triangle with the number in the middle .
Here 's a quick breakdown of plastic resin types :
# 1 polyethylene terephthalate ( PET or PETE )
Product examples : Disposable soft drink and water bottles , cough - syrup bottles
# 2 high density polyethylene ( HDPE ) /
Product examples : Milk jugs , toys , liquid detergent bottles , shampoo bottles
# 3 polyvinyl chloride ( V or PVC )
Product examples : Meat wrap , cooking oil bottles , plumbing pipes
# 4 low density polyethylene ( LDPE )
Product examples : Cling wrap , grocery bags , sandwich bags
# 5 polypropylene ( PP )
Product examples : Syrup bottles , yogurt cups / tubs , diapers
# 6 polystyrene ( PS )
Product examples : Disposable coffee cups , clam - shell take - out containers
# 7 other ( misc. ; usually polycarbonate , or PC , but also polylactide , or PLA , plastics made from renewable resources )
Product examples : Baby bottles , some reusable water bottles , stain - resistant food - storage containers , medical storage containers
Now that you know what each of the numbers represents , here are the kinds you should look for at the store :
Safer Plastics
# 2HDPE , #4LDPE and # 5PP
These three types of plastic are the healthiest .
They transmit no known chemicals into your food and they 're generally recyclable ; # 2 is very commonly accepted by municipal recycling programs , but you may have a more difficult time finding someone to recycle your # 4 and # 5 containers .
#1 PET
# 1 bottles and containers are fine for single use and are widely accepted by municipal recyclers .
You wo n't find many reusable containers made from # 1 , but they do exist .
It 's also best to avoid reusing # 1 plastic bottles ; water and soda bottles in particular are hard to clean , and because plastic is porous , these bottles absorb flavors and bacteria that you can't get rid of .
PLA
PLA ( polylactide ) plastics are made from renewable resources such as corn , potatoes and sugar cane and anything else with a high starch content .
The starch is converted into polylactide acid ( PLA ) .
Although you can't recycle these plant - based plastics , you can compost them in a municipal composter or in your backyard compost heap .
Most decompose in about twelve days unlike conventional plastic , which can take up to 100 years .
Plastics to Avoid
#3 PVC
# 3 polyvinyl chloride ( PVC ) is often used frequently in cling wraps for meat .
However , PVC contains softeners called phthalates that interfere with hormonal development , and its manufacture and incineration release dioxin , a potent carcinogen and hormone disruptor .
Vinyl chloride , the primary building block of PVC , is a known human carcinogen that also poses a threat to workers during manufacture .
#6 PS
Extruded polystyrene ( # 6 PS ; commonly known as Styrofoam ) is used in take - out containers and cups , and non-extruded PS is used in clear disposable takeout containers , disposable plastic cutlery and cups .
Both forms of PS can leach styrene into food ; styrene is considered a possible human carcinogen by the International Agency for Research on Cancer .
It may also disrupt hormones or affect reproduction .
#7 PC
# 7 Polycarbonate ( PC ) is found in baby bottles , 5 - gallon water bottles , water - cooler bottles and the epoxy linings of tin food cans .
PC is composed of a hormone - disrupting chemical called bisphenol A , which has been linked to a wide variety of problems such as cancer and obesity .
A scientific panel of advisors comprised in 2005 appointed by a branch of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) has concluded that the leaching of BPA could pose some very real , very serious health risks .
2
At enormous risk are pregnant women , fetuses , infants and children , where even small amounts were shown to cause changes in neurological growth and behavorial problems such as hyperactivity , ADHD , dyslexia , and other learning disorders .
Animal studies have linked serious alterations to brain development caused by the estrogen - like chemicals of BPA , causing pre cancerous changes in the mammary glands and damaging the uterus .
BPA was also shown to affect the female reproductive system in other dire manifestations including ; fibroids , endometriosis , cystic ovaries and cancers .
In the U.S. and Japan researchers have detected BPA in fetal amniotic fluid and umbilical cords of newborns .
Other studies have found links to prostate and breast cancer , yet other non-industry funded studies have reported no significant affects of low doses of BPA .
In Europe , the European Union has banned a chemically related substance called phthalates from children 's products .
Despite the conclusiveness of the research , no government agency in the U.S. or abroad has yet to place any restrictions on the use of BPA .
Global production of BPA is more than 6 billion pounds per year , and since 1980 , U.S. production of BPA has increased nearly five times !
Hence , the economic issues alone would be huge .
Until the controversy abates , it would be wise to limit your exposure , not easily done since BPA is found in so many household products alone , but here are a few steps you can take to reduce your contact .
* Do n't use plastic cling wrap , use waxed paper or paper towels .
* Do n't use plastic containers in microwaves .
Use glass or ceramic .
* Use non- polycarbonate plastics such as polypropylene and polyethylene .
Most major plastic consumer goods manufacturers now offer non-polycarbonate alternatives for drinking bottles , microwave bowls , and plastic liners .
* You can check for BPA in the plastics you buy by looking for the # 7 stamped on the surface .
* Cut down on canned foods .
To keep food from reacting with the metal of the can , a plastic coating made from bisphenol A is commonly applied to the inside of the can .
This coating appears as a solid color on the inside of the can , and can leach into the food stored inside .
Details
Posted by Anonymous on 2008 - 10 - 19 00:17:06 this is just aweful shocking news a a mom I am devestated .
I have given my children playtex ventaire bottles for 3 years , I usually put either milk or apple juice 3/ 4 and fill the rest with boiling water to make the drink warm and dilute the drink .
I have just discovered that the ventaire playtex bottle is made of polycarbonate .
On the playtex site they now list that the bottle is made of this substance and of course they never put the number out there , and the bottle itself has absolutely no markings or numbers on it .
Its no wonder playtex is jumping as fast as they can to produce BPA free bottles , allways trying to make a buck , no matter what damage they may cause along the way , disgusting absolutely disgusting !
Posted by Sally on 2009-05- 04 19:53:27
I have made sure that my Grandson has BPA free feeding bottles but am now concerned that the plastic kettles that we use to boil water for him may contain this chemical .
I cannot decipher the no in the triangle on my kettle .
Posted by Carrie on 2010-01-31 16:30:41
I recently noticed that my Melitta Express Kettle is made of plastic containing the # 7 stamp .
The kettle is plastic inside and out .. which means every time we 've made tea or used the hot water from the kettle for other foods .. we 've been ingesting BPAs ... not good !
I 'm completely aghast by the company who does not consider this product hazardous ( even after a lengthy discussion ) and is unwilling to offer a replacement that does not contain this plastic .
UNREAL ! shocked
Posted by Monica on 2010 - 11 - 24 10:01:01
I use water bottles that are made for multiple use and after reading this I went to check by sports water bottles that I just bought for daily use and to my amazement they have a one on them .
Which means they are find for single use but thats all , well then why are they selling this bottles that are for bike riding , exercising and / or just moving around the house or keeping next to your bed at night .
Also in my sons school they are required to have a water bottle left at school so I purchase this fancy spongebob one for him and guess WHAT , after checking it sure it has a one on it !!!!!!!!!!!
Imagine my son has been using this water bottle for along time and I do n't understand why they are allowed to sell products like this .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
Another post on the theme " The good old days are now . "
The standard of living for the average American just keeps getting better and better over time .
One reason we do n't appreciate it , is that the improvements , though persistent and relentless , happen gradually year after year , so we end up taking it for granted .
If the average home size increased from 983 sq. ft. to 2,349 sq. ft. overnight , we would treat it as a modern miracle .
When it happens 25 sq. ft. per year for a half century , we do n't even notice it .
( HT : FancyPlaidPants , via NPR )
The technique has been used on dozens of babies so far
Babies in hammocks
The specially - designed hammocks measure just 50 cms in length and are place in the incubator for the baby to lie on .
The team at the hospital in Cartagena , a port on the northern coast of the South American country , first started using the technique two years ago .
Paediatricians wanted to find a way of keeping the babies on their backs , which makes it easier for them to breathe .
Growing
Dr Freddy Rodriguez , one of the doctors behind the scheme , said it has been used on dozens of babies so far .
He added : " We make the babies sleep longer which helps their growing and development . "
He also added that it was helping to reduce the risk of apnea , a common disease in premature babies which means they struggle to breathe properly .
The treatment has so far proved popular with parents .
New mother Yannis Morales : " I 'm the mother of a baby that is here and I think the therapy is very good because the baby responds very well . "
In the UK , babies tend to be rotated as their body struggles to support their weight .
They also have access to specialist ventilation equipment that helps them breathe in the early weeks .
A man walks past Honda Motor Co. cars at a showroom in Tokyo January 30 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Michael Caronna
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - An Australian who took a new car on a 3,200 km ( 1,988 mile ) six - day test drive from the city to the outback has been arrested , police said on Thursday .
The 30 - year - old convinced a car dealer in the southeastern city of Melbourne to lend him a A$ 40,000 ( $ 37,000 ) Honda Accord sedan last Friday and drove the equivalent of London to Istanbul before he was arrested near the town of Tennant Creek , deep in the outback of the Northern Territory .
“ He drove from Melbourne to Adelaide to Alice Springs , ” Tennant Creek police Constable James Gray - Spence told Reuters .
He said the man was arrested without incident at a road block on his way north to Darwin after he failed to pay for fuel at a hamlet .
The test drive was the longest known to Australian police and topped a 500 km theft on New Zealand ’s South Island in 2006 .
“ I think we ’ve topped that with the 3,000 km mark , ” Gray - Spence said .
Melbourne car yard owner Ian McKenzie said the man would have had to have been in the car all day , every day to reach Tennant Creek .
“ He seemed a legitimate gentleman .
He stood at the desk right in front of a camera .
He was n’t afraid of being photographed or videoed , ” McKenzie told the Herald Sun newspaper .
The man was charged with aggravated unlawful use of a motor vehicle and unlawful possession of property and will appear in court on Thursday .
Check it out , it ’s our very first guest blog post !
Our first guest blogger is RICK ! , talking about the The Alameda - Weehawken Burrito Tunnel .
– Scott
Scott posted about the Telectroscope , an art project allowing London dwellers to connect visually with New Yorkers , which reminded me the 30th anniversary of the Alameda - Weehawken Burrito Tunnel is coming up .
Idle Words commemorates the date with an excellent overview of the project which saved East Coasters from inferior Mexican cuisine .
In 1911 , the celebrated British civil engineer Basil Mott approached the plutocrat Andrew W. Mellon with an audacious plan to build a straight - line tunnel 2500 miles long connecting New York City with San Francisco , allowing packages to be sent between the two cities using only compressed air and gravity .
But the tunnel , when it was completed in 1933 , was already obsolete due to the emergence of airmail .
Though airmail took a few hours longer , shipping was cheaper and packages traveling through the tunnel often were singed due to the proximity Earth ’s hot magma .
Tunnel operations ceased in 1936 .
For years , ideas for reopening the tunnel were bounced around , but it was n’t until the 1970 ’s when New Yorker , Robert Cavanaugh , disappointed with the lackluster burrito offerings in the Big Apple put together a consortium to reopen the tunnel for the delivery of fresh , hot burritos to the East Coast .
The inaugural burrito ( carnitas with lettuce , salsa and avocado , no beans ) was loaded into the breech at the Alameda terminus at 10:05 AM and was served to a beaming Cavanaugh , Vice President Walter Mondale and New York mayor Ed Koch in Weehawken 64 minutes later .
Two hundred burritos followed that same day ; by the end of the decade the tunnel would be delivering over two thousand burritos an hour .
The unique path of tunnel , while damaging mail in the 30’s , was ideally suited to keeping the burrito hot during its 1 hour journey across America .
Shipping nearly 2000 burritos per hour the New Jersey has almost been too much of a success for the small taqueria ’s in Mission District .
“ The New York metro area has fifteen million people , ” explains Javier Corrientes , manager of Cancun Burrito on Valencia Street .
“ San Francisco is barely a tenth of that size .
You got all those people out drinking on a Friday night who want a burrito at ten o’clock , just when the dinner rush is starting here , there ’s no way we can keep up . ”
44th president of the United States
Barack Hussein Obama II ( bə -RAHK hoo - SAYN oh - BAH - mə ; [ 1 ] born August 4 , 1961 ) is an American politician and attorney who served as the 44th president of the United States from 2009 to 2017 .
A member of the Democratic Party , Obama was the first African - American president of the United States .
He previously served as a U.S. senator from Illinois from 2005 to 2008 and an Illinois state senator from 1997 to 2004 .
Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii , making him the first president not born in the contiguous United States .
After graduating from Columbia University in 1983 , he worked as a community organizer in Chicago .
In 1988 , he enrolled in Harvard Law School , where he was the first black person to be president of the Harvard Law Review .
After graduating , he became a civil rights attorney and an academic , teaching constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School from 1992 to 2004 .
Turning to elective politics , he represented the 13th district from 1997 until 2004 in the Illinois Senate , when he ran for the U.S. Senate .
Obama received national attention in 2004 with his March Senate primary win , his well - received July Democratic National Convention keynote address , and his landslide November election to the Senate .
In 2008 , he was nominated for president a year after his presidential campaign began , and after close primary campaigns against Hillary Clinton , Obama was elected over Republican John McCain and was inaugurated alongside Joe Biden on January 20 , 2009 .
Nine months later , he was named the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate .
Obama signed many landmark bills into law during his first two years in office .
The main reforms that were passed include the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( commonly referred to as the " Affordable Care Act " or " Obamacare " ) , although without a public health insurance option , the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act , and the Don't Ask , Do n't Tell Repeal Act of 2010 .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and Tax Relief , Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization , and Job Creation Act of 2010 served as economic stimulus amidst the Great Recession .
After a lengthy debate over the national debt limit , he signed the Budget Control and the American Taxpayer Relief Acts .
In foreign policy , he increased U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan , reduced nuclear weapons with the United States–Russia New START treaty , and ended military involvement in the Iraq War .
He ordered military involvement in Libya for the implementation of the UN Security Council Resolution 1973 , contributing to the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi .
He also ordered the military operations that resulted in the deaths of Osama bin Laden and suspected Yemeni Al - Qaeda operative Anwar al - Awlaki .
After winning re-election by defeating Republican opponent Mitt Romney , Obama was sworn in for a second term in 2013 .
During this term , he promoted inclusion for LGBT Americans .
His administration filed briefs that urged the Supreme Court to strike down same - sex marriage bans as unconstitutional ( United States v. Windsor and Obergefell v. Hodges ) ; same - sex marriage was legalized nationwide in 2015 after the Court ruled so in Obergefell .
He advocated for gun control in response to the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , indicating support for a ban on assault weapons , and issued wide - ranging executive actions concerning global warming and immigration .
In foreign policy , he ordered military intervention in Iraq in response to gains made by ISIL after the 2011 withdrawal from Iraq , continued the process of ending U.S. combat operations in Afghanistan in 2016 , promoted discussions that led to the 2015 Paris Agreement on global climate change , initiated sanctions against Russia following the invasion in Ukraine and again after Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections , brokered the JCPOA nuclear deal with Iran , and normalized U.S. relations with Cuba .
Obama nominated three justices to the Supreme Court : Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan were confirmed as justices , while Merrick Garland faced partisan obstruction from the Republican - led Senate , which never held hearings or a vote on the nomination .
During Obama 's term in office , the United States ' reputation abroad significantly improved .
[ 2 ]
His presidency has generally been regarded favorably , and evaluations of his presidency among historians , political scientists , and the general public place him among the upper tier of American presidents .
Obama left office in January 2017 and continues to reside in Washington , D.C. [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Early life and career
Obama was born on August 4 , 1961 [ 5 ] at Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children in Honolulu , Hawaii . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
He is the only president born outside the contiguous 48 states .
[ 9 ]
He was born to an American mother of European descent and an African father .
His mother , Ann Dunham ( 1942 –1995 ) , was born in Wichita , Kansas ; she was mostly of English descent , [ 10 ] with some German , Irish , Scottish , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
Swiss , and Welsh ancestry . [ 16 ]
( In July 2012 , Ancestry.com found a strong likelihood that Dunham was descended from John Punch , an enslaved African man who lived in the Colony of Virginia during the seventeenth century . [ 17 ] [ 18 ] )
His father , Barack Obama Sr. ( 1936 –1982 ) , [ 19 ] was a married [ 20 ] [ 21 ] [ 22 ] Luo Kenyan from Nyang'oma Kogelo . [ 20 ] [ 23 ]
Obama 's parents met in 1960 in a Russian language class at the University of Hawaii at Manoa , where his father was a foreign student on a scholarship . [ 24 ] [ 25 ]
The couple married in Wailuku , Hawaii , on February 2 , 1961 , six months before Obama was born . [ 26 ] [ 27 ]
In late August 1961 , a few weeks after he was born , Barack and his mother moved to the University of Washington in Seattle , where they lived for a year .
During that time , the elder Obama completed his undergraduate degree in economics in Hawaii , graduating in June 1962 .
He left to attend graduate school on a scholarship at Harvard University , where he earned an M.A. in economics .
Obama 's parents divorced in March 1964 . [ 28 ]
Obama Sr. returned to Kenya in 1964 , where he married for a third time and worked for the Kenyan government as the Senior Economic Analyst in the Ministry of Finance . [ 29 ]
He visited his son in Hawaii only once , at Christmas 1971 , [ 30 ] before he was killed in an automobile accident in 1982 , when Obama was 21 years old . [ 31 ]
Recalling his early childhood , Obama said , " That my father looked nothing like the people around me — that he was black as pitch , my mother white as milk — barely registered in my mind . " [ 25 ]
He described his struggles as a young adult to reconcile social perceptions of his multiracial heritage . [ 32 ]
In 1963 , Dunham met Lolo Soetoro at the University of Hawaii ; he was an Indonesian East–West Center graduate student in geography .
The couple married on Molokai on March 15 , 1965 . [ 33 ]
After two one - year extensions of his J - 1 visa , Lolo returned to Indonesia in 1966 .
His wife and stepson followed sixteen months later in 1967 .
The family initially lived in the Menteng Dalam neighborhood in the Tebet sub district of south Jakarta .
From 1970 , they lived in a wealthier neighborhood in the Menteng sub district of central Jakarta . [ 34 ]
Education
Obama started in St. Francis Pre-Education from age three to five .
From age six to ten , he then attended local Indonesian - language schools : Sekolah Dasar Katolik Santo Fransiskus Asisi ( St. Francis of Assisi Catholic Elementary School ) for two years and Sekolah Dasar Negeri Menteng 01 ( State Elementary School Menteng 01 / Besuki school ) for one and a half years , supplemented by English - language Calvert School homeschooling by his mother . [ 35 ] [ 36 ]
As a result of those four years in Jakarta , he was able to speak Indonesian fluently as a child . [ 37 ] [ 38 ] [ 39 ]
During his time in Indonesia , Obama 's step - father taught him to be resilient and gave him " a pretty hardheaded assessment of how the world works . " [ 40 ]
In 1971 , Obama returned to Honolulu to live with his maternal grandparents , Madelyn and Stanley Dunham .
He attended Punahou School — a private college preparatory school — with the aid of a scholarship from fifth grade until he graduated from high school in 1979 . [ 41 ]
In his youth , Obama went by the nickname " Barry " . [ 42 ]
Obama lived with his mother and half - sister , Maya Soetoro , in Hawaii for three years from 1972 to 1975 while his mother was a graduate student in anthropology at the University of Hawaii . [ 43 ]
Obama chose to stay in Hawaii with his grandparents for high school at Punahou when his mother and half - sister returned to Indonesia in 1975 so his mother could begin anthropology field work . [ 44 ]
His mother spent most of the next two decades in Indonesia , divorcing Lolo in 1980 and earning a PhD degree in 1992 , before dying in 1995 in Hawaii following unsuccessful treatment for ovarian and uterine cancer . [ 45 ]
Obama later reflected on his years in Honolulu and wrote : " The opportunity that Hawaii offered — to experience a variety of cultures in a climate of mutual respect — became an integral part of my world view , and a basis for the values that I hold most dear . " [ 46 ]
Obama has also written and talked about using alcohol , marijuana , and cocaine during his teenage years to " push questions of who I was out of my mind . " [ 47 ]
Obama was also a member of the " choom gang , " a self - named group of friends who spent time together and occasionally smoked marijuana . [ 48 ] [ 49 ]
After graduating from high school in 1979 , Obama moved to Los Angeles to attend Occidental College on a full scholarship .
In February 1981 , Obama made his first public speech , calling for Occidental to participate in the disinvestment from South Africa in response to that nation 's policy of apartheid . [ 50 ]
In mid-1981 , Obama traveled to Indonesia to visit his mother and half - sister Maya , and visited the families of college friends in Pakistan and India for three weeks .
[ 50 ]
Later in 1981 , he transferred to Columbia University in New York City as a junior , where he majored in political science with a specialty in international relations [ 51 ] and in English literature [ 52 ] and lived off - campus on West 109th Street . [ 53 ]
He graduated with a BA degree in 1983 and worked for about a year at the Business International Corporation , where he was a financial researcher and writer , [ 54 ] [ 55 ] then as a project coordinator for the New York Public Interest Research Group on the City College of New York campus for three months in 1985 . [ 56 ] [ 57 ] [ 58 ]
Family and personal life
In a 2006 interview , Obama highlighted the diversity of his extended family : " It 's like a little mini -United Nations , " he said .
" I 've got relatives who look like Bernie Mac , and I 've got relatives who look like Margaret Thatcher . " [ 59 ]
Obama has a half - sister with whom he was raised ( Maya Soetoro - Ng ) and seven other half - siblings from his Kenyan father 's family — six of them living . [ 60 ]
Obama 's mother was survived by her Kansas - born mother , Madelyn Dunham , [ 61 ] until her death on November 2 , 2008 , [ 62 ] two days before his election to the Presidency .
Obama also has roots in Ireland ; he met with his Irish cousins in Moneygall in May 2011 . [ 63 ]
In Dreams from My Father , Obama ties his mother 's family history to possible Native American ancestors and distant relatives of Jefferson Davis , President of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War .
He also shares distant ancestors in common with George W. Bush and Dick Cheney , among others . [ 64 ] [ 65 ] [ 66 ]
Obama lived with anthropologist Sheila Miyoshi Jager while he was a community organizer in Chicago in the 1980s . [ 67 ]
He proposed to her twice , but both Jager and her parents turned him down . [ 67 ] [ 68 ]
The relationship was not made public until May 2017 , several months after his presidency had ended . [ 68 ]
Obama poses in the Green Room of the White House with wife Michelle and daughters Sasha and Malia , 2009
In June 1989 , Obama met Michelle Robinson when he was employed as a summer associate at the Chicago law firm of Sidley Austin . [ 69 ]
Robinson was assigned for three months as Obama 's adviser at the firm , and she joined him at several group social functions but declined his initial requests to date . [ 70 ]
They began dating later that summer , became engaged in 1991 , and were married on October 3 , 1992 . [ 71 ]
After suffering a miscarriage , Michelle underwent in vitro fertilization to conceive their children . [ 72 ]
The couple 's first daughter , Malia Ann , was born in 1998 , [ 73 ] followed by a second daughter , Natasha ( " Sasha " ) , in 2001 . [ 74 ]
The Obama daughters attended the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools .
When they moved to Washington , D.C. , in January 2009 , the girls started at the Sidwell Friends School . [ 75 ]
The Obamas have two Portuguese Water Dogs ; the first , a male named Bo , was a gift from Senator Ted Kennedy . [ 76 ]
In 2013 , Bo was joined by Sunny , a female . [ 77 ]
Obama is a supporter of the Chicago White Sox , and he threw out the first pitch at the 2005 ALCS when he was still a senator . [ 78 ]
In 2009 , he threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the All - Star Game while wearing a White Sox jacket . [ 79 ]
He is also primarily a Chicago Bears football fan in the NFL , but in his childhood and adolescence was a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers , and rooted for them ahead of their victory in Super Bowl XLIII 12 days after he took office as president . [ 80 ]
In 2011 , Obama invited the 1985 Chicago Bears to the White House ; the team had not visited the White House after their Super Bowl win in 1986 due to the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster . [ 81 ]
He plays basketball , a sport he participated in as a member of his high school 's varsity team , [ 82 ] and he is left - handed . [ 83 ]
In 2005 , the Obama family applied the proceeds of a book deal and moved from a Hyde Park , Chicago condominium to a $ 1.6 million house ( equivalent to $ 2.1 million in 2019 ) in neighboring Kenwood , Chicago . [ 84 ]
The purchase of an adjacent lot — and sale of part of it to Obama by the wife of developer , campaign donor and friend Tony Rezko — attracted media attention because of Rezko 's subsequent indictment and conviction on political corruption charges that were unrelated to Obama . [ 85 ]
In December 2007 , Money Magazine estimated Obama 's net worth at $ 1.3 million ( equivalent to $ 1.6 million in 2019 ) . [ 86 ]
Their 2009 tax return showed a household income of $ 5.5 million — up from about $ 4.2 million in 2007 and $ 1.6 million in 2005 — mostly from sales of his books . [ 87 ] [ 88 ]
On his 2010 income of $ 1.7 million , he gave 14 % to non-profit organizations , including $ 131,000 to Fisher House Foundation , a charity assisting wounded veterans ' families , allowing them to reside near where the veteran is receiving medical treatments . [ 89 ] [ 90 ]
Per his 2012 financial disclosure , Obama may be worth as much as $ 10 million . [ 91 ]
In early 2010 , Michelle spoke about her husband 's smoking habit and said Barack had quit smoking . [ 92 ] [ 93 ]
On his 55th birthday , August 4 , 2016 , Obama penned an essay in Glamour , in which he described how his daughters and the presidency have made him a feminist . [ 94 ] [ 95 ] [ 96 ]
Religious views
Obama is a Protestant Christian whose religious views developed in his adult life . [ 97 ]
He wrote in The Audacity of Hope that he " was not raised in a religious household . "
He described his mother , raised by non-religious parents , as being detached from religion , yet " in many ways the most spiritually awakened person ... I have ever known , " and " a lonely witness for secular humanism " .
He described his father as a " confirmed atheist " by the time his parents met , and his stepfather as " a man who saw religion as not particularly useful . "
Obama explained how , through working with black churches as a community organizer while in his twenties , he came to understand " the power of the African - American religious tradition to spur social change . " [
98 ]
In January 2008 , Obama told Christianity Today : " I am a Christian , and I am a devout Christian .
I believe in the redemptive death and resurrection of Jesus Christ .
I believe that faith gives me a path to be cleansed of sin and have eternal life . " [ 99 ]
On September 27 , 2010 , Obama released a statement commenting on his religious views saying , " I 'm a Christian by choice .
My family did n't — frankly , they were n't folks who went to church every week .
And my mother was one of the most spiritual people I knew , but she did n't raise me in the church .
So I came to my Christian faith later in life , and it was because the precepts of Jesus Christ spoke to me in terms of the kind of life that I would want to lead — being my brothers ' and sisters ' keeper , treating others as they would treat me . " [ 100 ] [ 101 ]
Obama met Trinity United Church of Christ pastor Jeremiah Wright in October 1987 and became a member of Trinity in 1992 . [ 102 ]
During Obama 's first presidential campaign in May 2008 , he resigned from Trinity after some of Wright 's statements were criticized .
[ 103 ]
Since moving to Washington , D.C. , in 2009 , the Obama family has attended several Protestant churches , including Shiloh Baptist Church and St. John 's Episcopal Church , as well as Evergreen Chapel at Camp David , but the members of the family do not attend church on a regular basis . [ 104 ] [ 105 ] [ 106 ]
Law career
Community organizer and Harvard Law School
Two years after graduating from Columbia , Obama moved from New York to Chicago when he was hired as director of the Developing Communities Project , a church - based community organization originally comprising eight Catholic parishes in Roseland , West Pullman , and Riverdale on Chicago 's South Side .
He worked there as a community organizer from June 1985 to May 1988 . [ 57 ] [ 107 ]
He helped set up a job training program , a college preparatory tutoring program , and a tenants ' rights organization in Altgeld Gardens . [ 108 ]
Obama also worked as a consultant and instructor for the Gamaliel Foundation , a community organizing institute .
[ 109 ]
In mid-1988 , he traveled for the first time in Europe for three weeks and then for five weeks in Kenya , where he met many of his paternal relatives for the first time . [ 110 ] [ 111 ]
Despite being offered a full scholarship to Northwestern University School of Law , Obama enrolled at Harvard Law School in the fall of 1988 , living in nearby Somerville , Massachusetts . [ 113 ]
He was selected as an editor of the Harvard Law Review at the end of his first year , [ 114 ] president of the journal in his second year , [ 108 ] [ 115 ] and research assistant to the constitutional scholar Laurence Tribe while at Harvard for two years . [ 116 ]
During his summers , he returned to Chicago , where he worked as a summer associate at the law firms of Sidley Austin in 1989 and Hopkins & Sutter in 1990 . [ 117 ]
After graduating with a JD degree magna cum laude [ 118 ] from Harvard in 1991 , he returned to Chicago . [ 114 ]
Obama 's election as the first black president of the Harvard Law Review gained national media attention [ 108 ] [ 115 ] and led to a publishing contract and advance for a book about race relations , [ 119 ] which evolved into a personal memoir .
The manuscript was published in mid-1995 as Dreams from My Father . [ 119 ]
University of Chicago Law School and civil rights attorney
In 1991 , Obama accepted a two - year position as Visiting Law and Government Fellow at the University of Chicago Law School to work on his first book .
[ 119 ] [ 120 ]
He then taught constitutional law at the University of Chicago Law School for twelve years , first as a lecturer from 1992 to 1996 , and then as a senior lecturer from 1996 to 2004 . [ 121 ]
From April to October 1992 , Obama directed Illinois 's Project Vote , a voter registration campaign with ten staffers and seven hundred volunteer registrars ; it achieved its goal of registering 150,000 of 400,000 unregistered African Americans in the state , leading Crain 's Chicago Business to name Obama to its 1993 list of " 40 under Forty " powers to be . [ 122 ]
He joined Davis , Miner , Barnhill & Galland , a 13 - attorney law firm specializing in civil rights litigation and neighborhood economic development , where he was an associate for three years from 1993 to 1996 , then of counsel from 1996 to 2004 .
In 1994 , he was listed as one of the lawyers in Buycks - Roberson v. Citibank Fed. Sav. Bank , 94 C 4094 ( N.D. Ill . ) . [ 123 ]
This class action lawsuit was filed in 1994 with Selma Buycks - Roberson as lead plaintiff and alleged that Citibank Federal Savings Bank had engaged in practices forbidden under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act . [ 124 ]
The case was settled out of court . [ 125 ]
Final judgment was issued on May 13 , 1998 , with Citibank Federal Savings Bank agreeing to pay attorney fees . [ 126 ]
His law license became inactive in 2007 . [ 127 ] [ 128 ]
From 1994 to 2002 , Obama served on the boards of directors of the Woods Fund of Chicago — which in 1985 had been the first foundation to fund the Developing Communities Project — and of the Joyce Foundation . [ 57 ]
He served on the board of directors of the Chicago Annenberg Challenge from 1995 to 2002 , as founding president and chairman of the board of directors from 1995 to 1999 . [ 57 ]
Legislative career
Illinois State Senator ( 1997 –2004 )
State Senator Obama and others celebrate the naming of a street in Chicago after ShoreBank co-founder Milton Davis in 1998 .
Obama was elected to the Illinois Senate in 1996 , succeeding Democratic State Senator Alice Palmer from Illinois 's 13th District , which , at that time , spanned Chicago South Side neighborhoods from Hyde Park–Kenwood south to South Shore and west to Chicago Lawn . [ 129 ]
Once elected , Obama gained bipartisan support for legislation that reformed ethics and health care laws . [ 130 ] [ 131 ]
He sponsored a law that increased tax credits for low - income workers , negotiated welfare reform , and promoted increased subsidies for childcare . [ 132 ]
In 2001 , as co-chairman of the bipartisan Joint Committee on Administrative Rules , Obama supported Republican Governor Ryan 's payday loan regulations and predatory mortgage lending regulations aimed at averting home foreclosures . [ 133 ] [ 134 ]
He was reelected to the Illinois Senate in 1998 , defeating Republican Yesse Yehudah in the general election , and was re-elected again in 2002 . [ 135 ] [ 136 ]
In 2000 , he lost a Democratic primary race for Illinois 's 1st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives to four - term incumbent Bobby Rush by a margin of two to one . [ 137 ]
In January 2003 , Obama became chairman of the Illinois Senate 's Health and Human Services Committee when Democrats , after a decade in the minority , regained a majority . [ 138 ]
He sponsored and led unanimous , bipartisan passage of legislation to monitor racial profiling by requiring police to record the race of drivers they detained , and legislation making Illinois the first state to mandate videotaping of homicide interrogations .
[ 132 ] [ 139 ] [ 140 ] [ 141 ]
During his 2004 general election campaign for the U.S. Senate , police representatives credited Obama for his active engagement with police organizations in enacting death penalty reforms . [ 142 ]
Obama resigned from the Illinois Senate in November 2004 following his election to the U.S. Senate . [ 143 ]
2004 U.S. Senate campaign
Results of the 2004 U.S. Senate race in Illinois ; Obama won the counties in blue .
In May 2002 , Obama commissioned a poll to assess his prospects in a 2004 U.S. Senate race .
He created a campaign committee , began raising funds , and lined up political media consultant David Axelrod by August 2002 .
Obama formally announced his candidacy in January 2003 . [ 144 ]
Obama was an early opponent of the George W. Bush administration 's 2003 invasion of Iraq . [ 145 ]
On October 2 , 2002 , the day President Bush and Congress agreed on the joint resolution authorizing the Iraq War , [ 146 ]
Obama addressed the first high - profile Chicago anti-Iraq
War rally , [ 147 ] and spoke out against the war . [ 148 ]
He addressed another anti-war rally in March 2003 and told the crowd " it 's not too late " to stop the war . [ 149 ]
Decisions by Republican incumbent Peter Fitzgerald and his Democratic predecessor Carol Moseley Braun to not participate in the election resulted in wide - open Democratic and Republican primary contests involving 15 candidates .
[ 150 ]
In the March 2004 primary election , Obama won in an unexpected landslide — which overnight made him a rising star within the national Democratic Party , started speculation about a presidential future , and led to the reissue of his memoir , Dreams from My Father . [ 151 ]
In July 2004 , Obama delivered the keynote address at the 2004 Democratic National Convention , [ 152 ] seen by nine million viewers .
His speech was well received and elevated his status within the Democratic Party . [ 153 ]
Obama 's expected opponent in the general election , Republican primary winner Jack Ryan , withdrew from the race in June 2004 . [ 154 ]
Six weeks later , Alan Keyes accepted the Republican nomination to replace Ryan . [ 155 ]
In the November 2004 general election , Obama won with 70 % of the vote . [ 156 ]
U.S. Senator from Illinois ( 2005 –08 )
Official portrait of Obama as a member of the United States Senate
Obama was sworn in as a senator on January 3 , 2005 , [ 157 ] becoming the only Senate member of the Congressional Black Caucus . [ 158 ] CQ
Weekly characterized him as a " loyal Democrat " based on analysis of all Senate votes from 2005 to 2007 .
Obama announced on November 13 , 2008 , that he would resign his Senate seat on November 16 , 2008 , before the start of the lame - duck session , to focus on his transition period for the presidency . [ 159 ]
Legislation
Obama cosponsored the Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act. [ 160 ]
He introduced two initiatives that bore his name : Lugar–Obama , which expanded the Nunn–Lugar Cooperative Threat Reduction concept to conventional weapons ; [ 161 ] and the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 , which authorized the establishment of USAspending .gov , a web search engine on federal spending .
[ 162 ]
On June 3 , 2008 , Senator Obama — along with Senators Tom Carper , Tom Coburn , and John McCain — introduced follow - up legislation : Strengthening Transparency and Accountability in Federal Spending Act of 2008 . [ 163 ]
Obama sponsored legislation that would have required nuclear plant owners to notify state and local authorities of radioactive leaks , but the bill failed to pass in the full Senate after being heavily modified in committee . [ 164 ]
Regarding tort reform , Obama voted for the Class Action Fairness Act of 2005 and the FISA Amendments
Act of 2008 , which grants immunity from civil liability to telecommunications companies complicit with NSA warrantless wiretapping operations . [ 165 ]
[ 166 ] Obama and U.S. Senator Richard Lugar ( R - IN ) visit a Russian facility for dismantling mobile missiles ( August 2005 )
In December 2006 , President Bush signed into law the Democratic Republic of the Congo Relief , Security , and Democracy Promotion Act , marking the first federal legislation to be enacted with Obama as its primary sponsor . [ 167 ] [ 168 ]
In January 2007 , Obama and Senator Feingold introduced a corporate jet provision to the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act , which was signed into law in September 2007 . [ 169 ] [ 170 ]
Obama also introduced two unsuccessful bills : the Deceptive Practices and Voter Intimidation Prevention
Act to criminalize deceptive practices in federal elections , [ 171 ] [ 172 ] and the Iraq War De-Escalation Act of 2007 . [ 173 ]
Later in 2007 , Obama sponsored an amendment to the Defense Authorization Act to add safeguards for personality - disorder military discharges . [ 174 ]
This amendment passed the full Senate in the spring of 2008 .
[ 175 ]
He sponsored the Iran Sanctions Enabling
Act supporting divestment of state pension funds from Iran 's oil and gas industry , which was never enacted but later incorporated in the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions , Accountability , and Divestment Act of 2010 ; [ 176 ] and co-sponsored legislation to reduce risks of nuclear terrorism . [ 177 ]
Obama also sponsored a Senate amendment to the State Children 's Health Insurance Program , providing one year of job protection for family members caring for soldiers with combat - related injuries . [ 178 ]
Committees
Obama speaks with a soldier stationed in Iraq , 2006 .
Obama held assignments on the Senate Committees for Foreign Relations , Environment and Public Works and Veterans ' Affairs through December 2006 . [ 179 ]
In January 2007 , he left the Environment and Public Works committee and took additional assignments with Health , Education , Labor and Pensions and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs . [ 180 ]
He also became Chairman of the Senate 's subcommittee on European Affairs . [ 181 ]
As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Obama made official trips to Eastern Europe , the Middle East , Central Asia and Africa .
He met with Mahmoud Abbas before Abbas became President of the Palestinian National Authority , and gave a speech at the University of Nairobi in which he condemned corruption within the Kenyan government . [ 182 ]
Presidential campaigns
2008
Obama on stage with his wife and daughters just before announcing his presidential candidacy in Springfield , Illinois , February 10 , 2007
On February 10 , 2007 , Obama announced his candidacy for President of the United States in front of the Old State Capitol building in Springfield , Illinois . [ 183 ] [ 184 ]
The choice of the announcement site was viewed as symbolic because it was also where Abraham Lincoln delivered his historic " House Divided " speech in 1858 . [ 183 ] [ 185 ]
Obama emphasized issues of rapidly ending the Iraq War , increasing energy independence , and reforming the health care system , [ 186 ] in a campaign that projected themes of hope and change . [ 187 ]
Numerous candidates entered the Democratic Party presidential primaries .
The field narrowed to a duel between Obama and Senator Hillary Clinton after early contests , with the race remaining close throughout the primary process but with Obama gaining a steady lead in pledged delegates due to better long - range planning , superior fundraising , dominant organizing in caucus states , and better exploitation of delegate allocation rules .
[ 188 ]
On June 7 , 2008 , Clinton ended her campaign and endorsed Obama . [ 189 ]
On August 23 , Obama announced his selection of Delaware Senator Joe Biden as his vice presidential running mate . [ 190 ]
Obama selected Biden from a field speculated to include former Indiana Governor and Senator Evan Bayh and Virginia Governor Tim Kaine . [ 190 ]
At the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado , Hillary Clinton called for her supporters to endorse Obama , and she and Bill Clinton gave convention speeches in his support .
[ 191 ]
Obama delivered his acceptance speech , not at the center where the Democratic National Convention was held , but at Invesco Field at Mile High to a crowd of approximately 84,000 people ; the speech was viewed by over 38 million people worldwide .
[ 192 ] [ 193 ] [ 194 ]
During both the primary process and the general election , Obama 's campaign set numerous fundraising records , particularly in the quantity of small donations .
[ 195 ]
On June 19 , 2008 , Obama became the first major - party presidential candidate to turn down public financing in the general election since the system was created in 1976 . [ 196 ]
John McCain was nominated as the Republican candidate , and he selected Sarah Palin as his running mate .
The two candidates engaged in three presidential debates in September and October 2008 .
[ 197 ]
On November 4 , Obama won the presidency with 365 electoral votes to 173 received by McCain . [ 198 ] Obama won 52.9 % of the popular vote to McCain 's 45.7 % . [ 199 ]
He became the first African American to be elected president .
[ 200 ]
Obama delivered his victory speech before hundreds of thousands of supporters in Chicago 's Grant Park . [ 201 ]
2012
Obama greets former Governor Mitt Romney in the Oval Office on November 29 , 2012 , in their first meeting since Obama 's re-election victory over Romney .
On April 4 , 2011 , Obama announced his reelection campaign for 2012 in a video titled " It Begins with Us " that he posted on his website and filed election papers with the Federal Election Commission . [ 202 ] [ 203 ] [ 204 ]
As the incumbent president , he ran virtually unopposed in the Democratic Party presidential primaries , [ 205 ] and on April 3 , 2012 , Obama had secured the 2778 convention delegates needed to win the Democratic nomination . [ 206 ]
At the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , Obama and Joe Biden were formally nominated by former President Bill Clinton as the Democratic Party candidates for president and vice president in the general election .
Their main opponents were Republicans Mitt Romney , the former governor of Massachusetts , and Representative Paul Ryan of Wisconsin . [ 207 ]
On November 6 , 2012 , Obama won 332 electoral votes , exceeding the 270 required for him to be reelected as president .
[ 208 ] [ 209 ] [ 210 ]
With 51.1 % of the popular vote , [ 211 ]
Obama became the first Democratic president since Franklin D. Roosevelt to win the majority of the popular vote twice .
[ 212 ] [ 213 ]
Obama addressed supporters and volunteers at Chicago 's McCormick Place after his reelection and said : " Tonight you voted for action , not politics as usual .
You elected us to focus on your jobs , not ours .
And in the coming weeks and months , I am looking forward to reaching out and working with leaders of both parties . " [ 214 ] [ 215 ]
Presidency ( 2009 –2017 )
For a chronological guide to this subject , see Timeline of the Barack Obama presidency
First 100 days
The inauguration of Barack Obama as the 44th President took place on January 20 , 2009 .
In his first few days in office , Obama issued executive orders and presidential memoranda directing the U.S. military to develop plans to withdraw troops from Iraq . [ 216 ]
He ordered the closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp , [ 217 ] but Congress prevented the closure by refusing to appropriate the required funds [ 218 ] [ 219 ] [ 220 ] and preventing moving any Guantanamo detainee into the U.S. or to other countries .
[ 221 ]
Obama reduced the secrecy given to presidential records . [ 222 ]
He also revoked President George W. Bush 's restoration of President Ronald Reagan 's Mexico City policy prohibiting federal aid to international family planning organizations that perform or provide counseling about abortion . [ 223 ]
Domestic policy
The first bill signed into law by Obama was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 , relaxing the statute of limitations for equal - pay lawsuits . [ 224 ]
Five days later , he signed the reauthorization of the State Children 's Health Insurance Program ( SCHIP ) to cover an additional 4 million uninsured children . [ 225 ]
In March 2009 , Obama reversed a Bush - era policy that had limited funding of embryonic stem cell research and pledged to develop " strict guidelines " on the research . [ 226 ]
Obama appointed two women to serve on the Supreme Court in the first two years of his presidency .
He nominated Sonia Sotomayor on May 26 , 2009 to replace retiring Associate Justice David Souter ; she was confirmed on August 6 , 2009 , [ 227 ] becoming the first Supreme Court Justice of Hispanic descent . [ 228 ]
Obama nominated Elena Kagan on May 10 , 2010 to replace retiring Associate Justice John Paul Stevens .
She was confirmed on August 5 , 2010 , bringing the number of women sitting simultaneously on the Court to three justices for the first time in American history . [ 229 ]
On March 30 , 2010 , Obama signed the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act , a reconciliation bill that ended the process of the federal government giving subsidies to private banks to give out federally insured loans , increased the Pell Grant scholarship award , and made changes to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. [ 230 ] [ 231 ]
In a major space policy speech in April 2010 , Obama announced a planned change in direction at NASA , the U.S. space agency .
He ended plans for a return of human spaceflight to the moon and development of the Ares I rocket , Ares V rocket and Constellation program , in favor of funding Earth science projects , a new rocket type , and research and development for an eventual crewed mission to Mars , and ongoing missions to the International Space Station . [ 232 ]
President Obama 's 2011 State of the Union Address focused on themes of education and innovation , stressing the importance of innovation economics to make the United States more competitive globally .
He spoke of a five - year freeze in domestic spending , eliminating tax breaks for oil companies and reversing tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans , banning congressional earmarks , and reducing healthcare costs .
He promised the United States would have one million electric vehicles on the road by 2015 and be 80 % reliant on " clean " electricity . [ 233 ] [ 234 ]
LGBT rights
On October 8 , 2009 , Obama signed the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act , a measure that expanded the 1969 United States federal hate - crime law to include crimes motivated by a victim 's actual or perceived gender , sexual orientation , gender identity , or disability . [ 235 ]
On October 30 , 2009 , Obama lifted the ban on travel to the United States by those infected with HIV , which was celebrated by Immigration Equality . [ 236 ]
On December 22 , 2010 , Obama signed the Don't Ask , Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010 , which fulfilled a key promise made in the 2008 presidential campaign [ 237 ] [ 238 ] to end the do n't ask , do n't tell policy of 1993 that had prevented gay and lesbian people from serving openly in the United States Armed Forces . [ 239 ]
In 2016 , the Pentagon also ended the policy that barred transgender people from serving openly in the military . [ 240 ]
As a candidate for the Illinois state senate in 1996 , Obama had said he favored legalizing same - sex marriage .
[ 241 ]
By the time of his Senate run in 2004 , he said he supported civil unions and domestic partnerships for same - sex partners but opposed same - sex marriages . [ 242 ]
In 2008 , he reaffirmed this position by stating " I believe marriage is between a man and a woman .
I am not in favor of gay marriage . " [ 243 ]
On May 9 , 2012 , shortly after the official launch of his campaign for re-election as president , Obama said his views had evolved , and he publicly affirmed his personal support for the legalization of same - sex marriage , becoming the first sitting U.S. president to do so . [ 244 ] [ 245 ]
The White House was illuminated in rainbow colors on the evening of the Supreme Court same - sex marriage ruling , June 26 , 2015 .
During his second inaugural address on January 21 , 2013 , [ 215 ]
Obama became the first U.S. president in office to call for full equality for gay Americans : " Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law — for if we are truly created equal , then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well . "
This was the first time that a president mentioned gay rights or the word " gay " in an inaugural address . [ 246 ] [ 247 ]
In 2013 , the Obama Administration filed briefs that urged the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same - sex couples in the cases of Hollingsworth v. Perry ( regarding same - sex marriage ) [ 248 ] and United States v. Windsor ( regarding the Defense of Marriage Act ) . [ 249 ]
Then , following the Supreme Court 's 2015 decision in Obergefell v. Hodges ( ruling same - sex marriage to be a fundamental right ) , Obama asserted that , " This decision affirms what millions of Americans already believe in their hearts :
When all Americans are treated as equal we are all more free . " [ 250 ]
On July 30 , 2015 , the White House Office of National AIDS Policy revised its strategy for addressing the disease , which included widespread testing and linkage to healthcare , which was celebrated by the Human Rights Campaign . [ 251 ]
White House advisory and oversight groups
On March 11 , 2009 , Obama created the White House Council on Women and Girls , which formed part of the Office of Intergovernmental Affairs , having been established by Executive Order 13506 with a broad mandate to advise him on issues relating to the welfare of American women and girls . [ 252 ]
The council was chaired by Senior Advisor to the President Valerie Jarrett . [ 253 ]
Obama also established the White House Task Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault through a government memorandum on January 22 , 2014 , with a broad mandate to advise him on issues relating to sexual assault on college and university campuses throughout the United States . [ 253 ] [ 254 ] [ 255 ]
The co-chairs of the Task Force were Vice President Joe Biden and Jarrett . [ 254 ]
The Task Force was a development out of the White House Council on Women and Girls and Office of the Vice President of the United States , and prior to that the 1994 Violence Against Women Act first drafted by Biden . [ 256 ]
Economic policy
On February 17 , 2009 , Obama signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , a $ 787 billion economic stimulus package aimed at helping the economy recover from the deepening worldwide recession . [ 257 ]
The act includes increased federal spending for health care , infrastructure , education , various tax breaks and incentives , and direct assistance to individuals . [ 258 ]
In March , Obama 's Treasury Secretary , Timothy Geithner , took further steps to manage the financial crisis , including introducing the Public–Private Investment Program for Legacy Assets , which contains provisions for buying up to two trillion dollars in depreciated real estate assets . [ 259 ]
Obama intervened in the troubled automotive industry [ 260 ] in March 2009 , renewing loans for General Motors and Chrysler to continue operations while reorganizing .
Over the following months the White House set terms for both firms ' bankruptcies , including the sale of Chrysler to Italian automaker Fiat [ 261 ] and a reorganization of GM giving the U.S. government a temporary 60 % equity stake in the company , with the Canadian government taking a 12 % stake . [ 262 ]
In June 2009 , dissatisfied with the pace of economic stimulus , Obama called on his cabinet to accelerate the investment . [ 263 ]
He signed into law the Car Allowance Rebate System , known colloquially as " Cash for Clunkers , " which temporarily boosted the economy . [ 264 ] [ 265 ] [ 266 ]
The Bush and Obama administrations authorized spending and loan guarantees from the Federal Reserve and the Treasury Department .
These guarantees totaled about $ 11.5 trillion , but only $ 3 trillion had been spent by the end of November 2009 . [ 267 ]
Obama and the Congressional Budget Office predicted the 2010 budget deficit would be $ 1.5 trillion or 10.6 % of the nation 's gross domestic product ( GDP ) compared to the 2009 deficit of $ 1.4 trillion or 9.9 % of GDP . [ 268 ] [ 269 ]
For 2011 , the administration predicted the deficit would shrink to $ 1.34 trillion , and the 10 - year deficit would increase to $ 8.53 trillion or 90 % of GDP . [ 270 ]
The most recent increase in the U.S. debt ceiling to $ 17.2 trillion took effect in February 2014 .
[ 271 ]
On August 2 , 2011 , after a lengthy congressional debate over whether to raise the nation 's debt limit , Obama signed the bipartisan Budget Control Act of 2011 .
The legislation enforces limits on discretionary spending until 2021 , establishes a procedure to increase the debt limit , creates a Congressional Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to propose further deficit reduction with a stated goal of achieving at least $ 1.5 trillion in budgetary savings over 10 years , and establishes automatic procedures for reducing spending by as much as $ 1.2 trillion if legislation originating with the new joint select committee does not achieve such savings .
[ 272 ]
By passing the legislation , Congress was able to prevent a U.S. government default on its obligations . [ 273 ]
[ 274 ] [ 275 ] US employment statistics ( unemployment rate and monthly changes in net employment ) during Obama 's tenure as U.S. President
As it did throughout 2008 , the unemployment rate rose in 2009 , reaching a peak in October at 10.0 % and averaging 10.0 % in the fourth quarter .
Following a decrease to 9.7 % in the first quarter of 2010 , the unemployment rate fell to 9.6 % in the second quarter , where it remained for the rest of the year . [ 276 ]
Between February and December 2010 , employment rose by 0.8 % , which was less than the average of 1.9 % experienced during comparable periods in the past four employment recoveries .
[ 277 ]
By November 2012 , the unemployment rate fell to 7.7 % , [ 278 ] decreasing to 6.7 % in the last month of 2013 .
[ 279 ]
During 2014 , the unemployment rate continued to decline , falling to 6.3 % in the first quarter .
[ 280 ] GDP growth returned in the third quarter of 2009 , expanding at a rate of 1.6 % , followed by a 5.0 % increase in the fourth quarter . [ 281 ]
Growth continued in 2010 , posting an increase of 3.7 % in the first quarter , with lesser gains throughout the rest of the year .
[ 281 ]
In July 2010 , the Federal Reserve noted that economic activity continued to increase , but its pace had slowed , and chairman Ben Bernanke said the economic outlook was " unusually uncertain . " [ 282 ]
Overall , the economy expanded at a rate of 2.9 % in 2010 . [ 283 ]
The Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) and a broad range of economists credit Obama 's stimulus plan for economic growth .
[ 284 ] [ 285 ]
The CBO released a report stating that the stimulus bill increased employment by 1 – 2.1 million , [ 285 ] [ 286 ] [ 287 ] [ 288 ] while conceding that " It is impossible to determine how many of the reported jobs would have existed in the absence of the stimulus package . " [ 284 ]
Although an April 2010 , survey of members of the National Association for Business Economics showed an increase in job creation ( over a similar January survey ) for the first time in two years , 73 % of 68 respondents believed the stimulus bill has had no impact on employment . [ 289 ]
The economy of the United States has grown faster than the other original NATO members by a wider margin under President Obama than it has anytime since the end of World War II . [ 290 ]
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development credits the much faster growth in the United States to the stimulus plan of the US and the austerity measures in the European Union . [ 291 ]
Within a month of the 2010 midterm elections , Obama announced a compromise deal with the Congressional Republican leadership that included a temporary , two - year extension of the 2001 and 2003 income tax rates , a one - year payroll tax reduction , continuation of unemployment benefits , and a new rate and exemption amount for estate taxes .
[ 292 ]
The compromise overcame opposition from some in both parties , and the resulting $ 858 billion Tax Relief , Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization , and Job Creation Act of 2010 passed with bipartisan majorities in both houses of Congress before Obama signed it on December 17 , 2010 . [ 293 ]
In December 2013 , Obama declared that growing income inequality is a " defining challenge of our time " and called on Congress to bolster the safety net and raise wages .
This came on the heels of the nationwide strikes of fast - food workers and Pope Francis ' criticism of inequality and trickle - down economics . [ 294 ]
Obama urged Congress to ratify a 12 - nation free trade pact called the Trans - Pacific Partnership . [ 295 ]
Environmental policy
While campaigning , Obama expressed hope that Congress would regulate greenhouse gases and that , as a second - best route , such regulation would come from the Environmental Protection Agency . [ 296 ]
On September 30 , 2009 , the Obama administration proposed new regulations on power plants , factories , and oil refineries in an attempt to limit greenhouse gas emissions and to curb global warming .
[ 297 ] [ 298 ]
On April 20 , 2010 , an explosion destroyed an offshore drilling rig at the Macondo Prospect in the Gulf of Mexico , causing a major sustained oil leak .
Obama visited the Gulf , announced a federal investigation , and formed a bipartisan commission to recommend new safety standards , after a review by Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar and concurrent Congressional hearings .
He then announced a six - month moratorium on new deepwater drilling permits and leases , pending regulatory review .
[ 299 ]
As multiple efforts by BP failed , some in the media and public expressed confusion and criticism over various aspects of the incident , and stated a desire for more involvement by Obama and the federal government . [ 300 ]
In July 2013 , Obama expressed reservations and said he " would reject the Keystone XL pipeline if it increased carbon pollution " or " greenhouse emissions . " [ 301 ] [ 302 ]
Obama 's advisers called for a halt to petroleum exploration in the Arctic in January 2013 .
[ 303 ]
On February 24 , 2015 , Obama vetoed a bill that would have authorized the pipeline . [ 304 ]
It was the third veto of Obama 's presidency and his first major veto . [ 305 ]
Obama emphasized the conservation of federal lands during his term in office .
He used his power under the Antiquities Act to create 25 new national monuments during his presidency and expand four others , protecting a total of 553,000,000 acres ( 224,000,000 ha ) of federal lands and waters , more than any other U.S. president . [ 306 ] [ 307 ] [ 308 ] [ 309 ]
Health care reform
Obama signs the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act at the White House , March 23 , 2010 .
Obama called for Congress to pass legislation reforming health care in the United States , a key campaign promise and a top legislative goal .
[ 310 ]
He proposed an expansion of health insurance coverage to cover the uninsured , to cap premium increases , and to allow people to retain their coverage when they leave or change jobs .
His proposal was to spend $ 900 billion over 10 years and include a government insurance plan , also known as the public option , to compete with the corporate insurance sector as a main component to lowering costs and improving quality of health care .
It would also make it illegal for insurers to drop sick people or deny them coverage for pre-existing conditions , and require every American to carry health coverage .
The plan also includes medical spending cuts and taxes on insurance companies that offer expensive plans . [ 311 ] [ 312 ]
On July 14 , 2009 , House Democratic leaders introduced a 1,017 - page plan for overhauling the U.S. health care system , which Obama wanted Congress to approve by the end of 2009 . [ 310 ]
After much public debate during the Congressional summer recess of 2009 , Obama delivered a speech to a joint session of Congress on September 9 where he addressed concerns over the proposals . [ 314 ]
In March 2009 , Obama lifted a ban on using federal funds for stem cell research . [ 315 ]
On November 7 , 2009 , a health care bill featuring the public option was passed in the House . [ 316 ] [ 317 ]
On December 24 , 2009 , the Senate passed its own bill — without a public option — on a party - line vote of 60 – 39 . [ 318 ]
On March 21 , 2010 , the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) passed by the Senate in December was passed in the House by a vote of 219 to 212. [ 319 ]
Obama signed the bill into law on March 23 , 2010 . [ 320 ]
The ACA includes health - related provisions , most of which took effect in 2014 , including expanding Medicaid eligibility for people making up to 133 % of the federal poverty level ( FPL ) starting in 2014 , [ 321 ] subsidizing insurance premiums for people making up to 400 % of the FPL ( $ 88,000 for family of four in 2010 ) so their maximum " out - of - pocket " payment for annual premiums will be from 2 % to 9.5 % of income , [ 322 ] [ 323 ] providing incentives for businesses to provide health care benefits , prohibiting denial of coverage and denial of claims based on pre-existing conditions , establishing health insurance exchanges , prohibiting annual coverage caps , and support for medical research .
According to White House and CBO figures , the maximum share of income that enrollees would have to pay would vary depending on their income relative to the federal poverty level . [ 322 ] [ 324 ]
[ 325 ]
Percentage of Individuals in the United States without Health Insurance , 1963 – 2015 ( Source : JAMA
The costs of these provisions are offset by taxes , fees , and cost - saving measures , such as new Medicare taxes for those in high - income brackets , taxes on indoor tanning , cuts to the Medicare Advantage program in favor of traditional Medicare , and fees on medical devices and pharmaceutical companies ; [ 326 ] there is also a tax penalty for those who do not obtain health insurance , unless they are exempt due to low income or other reasons . [ 327 ]
In March 2010 , the CBO estimated that the net effect of both laws will be a reduction in the federal deficit by $ 143 billion over the first decade . [ 328 ]
The law faced several legal challenges , primarily based on the argument that an individual mandate requiring Americans to buy health insurance was unconstitutional .
On June 28 , 2012 , the Supreme Court ruled by a 5 – 4 vote in National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius that the mandate was constitutional under the U.S. Congress 's taxing authority . [ 329 ]
In Burwell v. Hobby Lobby the Court ruled that " closely - held " for - profit corporations could be exempt on religious grounds under the Religious Freedom Restoration
Act from regulations adopted under the ACA that would have required them to pay for insurance that covered certain contraceptives .
In June 2015 , the Court ruled 6 – 3 in King v. Burwell that subsidies to help individuals and families purchase health insurance were authorized for those doing so on both the federal exchange and state exchanges , not only those purchasing plans " established by the State , " as the statute reads . [ 330 ]
Energy policy
Prior to June 2014 , Obama offered substantial support for a broadly - based " All of the above " approach to domestic energy policy , which Obama has maintained since his first term and which he last confirmed at his State of the Union speech in January 2014 to a mixed reception by both parties .
In June 2014 , Obama made indications that his administration would consider a shift towards an energy policy more closely tuned to the manufacturing industry and its impact on the domestic economy . [ 331 ]
Obama 's approach of selectively combining regulation and incentive to various issues in the domestic energy policy , such as coal mining and oil fracking , has received mixed commentary for not being as responsive to the needs of the domestic manufacturing sector as needed , following claims that the domestic manufacturing sector utilizes as much as a third of the nation 's available energy resources . [ 332 ] [ 333 ]
Gun control
On January 16 , 2013 , one month after the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , Obama signed 23 executive orders and outlined a series of sweeping proposals regarding gun control . [ 334 ]
He urged Congress to reintroduce an expired ban on military - style assault weapons , such as those used in several recent mass shootings , impose limits on ammunition magazines to 10 rounds , introduce background checks on all gun sales , pass a ban on possession and sale of armor - piercing bullets , introduce harsher penalties for gun-traffickers , especially unlicensed dealers who buy arms for criminals and approving the appointment of the head of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives for the first time since 2006 .
[ 335 ]
On January 5 , 2016 , Obama announced new executive actions extending background check requirements to more gun sellers . [ 336 ]
In a 2016 editorial in The New York Times , Obama compared the struggle for what he termed " common - sense gun reform " to women 's suffrage and other civil rights movements in American history . [ 337 ]
2010 midterm elections
Obama called the November 2 , 2010 election , where the Democratic Party lost 63 seats in , and control of , the House of Representatives , [ 338 ] " humbling " and a " shellacking . " [ 339 ]
He said that the results came because not enough Americans had felt the effects of the economic recovery . [ 340 ]
Cybersecurity and Internet policy
On November 10 , 2014 , President Obama recommended the Federal Communications Commission reclassify broadband Internet service as a telecommunications service in order to preserve net neutrality . [ 341 ] [ 342 ]
On February 12 , 2013 , President Obama signed Executive Order 13636 , " Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity . " [ 343 ]
Government mass surveillance
In 2005 and 2006 , Obama criticized certain aspects of the Patriot Act for infringing too much on civil liberties and sought as Senator to strengthen civil liberties protections . [ 344 ] [ 345 ] [ 346 ]
In 2006 , he voted to reauthorize a revised version of the Patriot Act , saying the law was not ideal but that the revised version had strengthened civil liberties . [ 346 ]
In 2011 , he signed a four - year renewal of the Patriot Act . [ 347 ]
Following the 2013 global surveillance disclosures by whistleblower Edward Snowden , Obama condemned the leak as unpatriotic , [ 345 ] but called for increased restrictions on the NSA to address violations of privacy . [ 348 ] [ 349 ]
The changes which Obama ordered have been described as " modest " however . [ 350 ]
Foreign policy
In February and March 2009 , Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made separate overseas trips to announce a " new era " in U.S. foreign relations with Russia and Europe , using the terms " break " and " reset " to signal major changes from the policies of the preceding administration .
[ 351 ]
Obama attempted to reach out to Arab leaders by granting his first interview to an Arab satellite TV network , Al Arabiya . [ 352 ]
On March 19 , Obama continued his outreach to the Muslim world , releasing a New Year 's video message to the people and government of Iran . [ 353 ] [ 354 ]
In April , Obama gave a speech in Ankara , Turkey , which was well received by many Arab governments . [ 355 ]
On June 4 , 2009 , Obama delivered a speech at Cairo University in Egypt calling for " A New Beginning " in relations between the Islamic world and the United States and promoting Middle East peace . [ 356 ]
International trips made by President Barack Obama during his terms in office
On June 26 , 2009 , Obama responded to the Iranian government 's actions towards protesters following Iran 's 2009 presidential election by saying : " The violence perpetrated against them is outrageous .
We see it and we condemn it . " [ 357 ]
While in Moscow on July 7 , he responded to Vice President Biden 's comment on a possible Israeli military strike on Iran by saying : " We have said directly to the Israelis that it is important to try and resolve this in an international setting in a way that does not create major conflict in the Middle East . " [ 358 ]
On September 24 , 2009 , Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to preside over a meeting of the United Nations Security Council . [ 359 ]
In March 2010 , Obama took a public stance against plans by the government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to continue building Jewish housing projects in predominantly Arab neighborhoods of East Jerusalem . [ 360 ] [ 361 ]
During the same month , an agreement was reached with the administration of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev to replace the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty with a new pact reducing the number of long - range nuclear weapons in the arsenals of both countries by about a third . [ 362 ]
Obama and Medvedev signed the New START treaty in April 2010 , and the U.S. Senate ratified it in December 2010 . [ 363 ]
In December 2011 , Obama instructed agencies to consider LGBT rights when issuing financial aid to foreign countries . [ 364 ]
In August 2013 , he criticized Russia 's law that discriminates against gays , [ 365 ] but he stopped short of advocating a boycott of the upcoming 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia . [ 366 ]
In December 2014 , Obama announced that he intended to normalize relationships between Cuba and the United States . [ 367 ]
The countries ' respective " interests sections " in one another 's capitals were upgraded to embassies on July 20 , 2015 .
In March 2015 , Obama declared that he had authorized U.S. forces to provide logistical and intelligence support to the Saudis in their military intervention in Yemen , establishing a " Joint Planning Cell " with Saudi Arabia . [ 368 ] [ 369 ]
In 2016 , the Obama administration proposed a series of arms deals with Saudi Arabia worth $ 115 billion . [ 370 ]
Obama halted the sale of guided munition technology to Saudi Arabia after Saudi warplanes targeted a funeral in Yemen 's capital Sanaa , killing more than 140 people . [ 371 ]
Before leaving office , Obama said German Chancellor Angela Merkel had been his " closest international partner " throughout his tenure as president . [ 372 ]
War in Iraq
On February 27 , 2009 , Obama announced that combat operations in Iraq would end within 18 months .
His remarks were made to a group of Marines preparing for deployment to Afghanistan .
Obama said , " Let me say this as plainly as I can : by August 31 , 2010 , our combat mission in Iraq will end . " [ 373 ]
The Obama administration scheduled the withdrawal of combat troops to be completed by August 2010 , decreasing troop 's levels from 142,000 while leaving a transitional force of about 50,000 in Iraq until the end of 2011 .
On August 19 , 2010 , the last U.S. combat brigade exited Iraq .
Remaining troops transitioned from combat operations to counter - terrorism and the training , equipping , and advising of Iraqi security forces . [ 374 ] [ 375 ]
On August 31 , 2010 , Obama announced that the United States combat mission in Iraq was over . [ 376 ]
On October 21 , 2011 President Obama announced that all U.S. troops would leave Iraq in time to be " home for the holidays . " [ 377 ]
In June 2014 , following the capture of Mosul by ISIS , Obama sent 275 troops to provide support and security for U.S. personnel and the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad .
ISIS continued to gain ground and to commit widespread massacres and ethnic cleansing .
[ 378 ] [ 379 ]
In August 2014 , during the Sinjar massacre , Obama ordered a campaign of U.S. airstrikes against ISIS . [ 380 ]
By the end of 2014 , 3,100 American ground troops were committed to the conflict [ 381 ] and 16,000 sorties were flown over the battlefield , primarily by U.S. Air Force and Navy pilots . [ 382 ]
In early 2015 , with the addition of the " Panther Brigade " of the 82nd Airborne Division the number of U.S. ground troops in Iraq surged to 4,400 , [ 383 ] and by July American - led coalition air forces counted 44,000 sorties over the battlefield . [ 384 ]
War in Afghanistan
Early in his presidency , Obama moved to bolster U.S. troop strength in Afghanistan . [ 385 ]
He announced an increase in U.S. troop levels to 17,000 military personnel in February 2009 to " stabilize a deteriorating situation in Afghanistan , " an area he said had not received the " strategic attention , direction and resources it urgently requires . " [ 386 ]
He replaced the military commander in Afghanistan , General David D. McKiernan , with former Special Forces commander Lt. Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal in May 2009 , indicating that McChrystal 's Special Forces experience would facilitate the use of counterinsurgency tactics in the war . [ 387 ]
On December 1 , 2009 , Obama announced the deployment of an additional 30,000 military personnel to Afghanistan and proposed to begin troop withdrawals 18 months from that date ; [ 388 ] this took place in July 2011 .
David Petraeus replaced McChrystal in June 2010 , after McChrystal 's staff criticized White House personnel in a magazine article . [ 389 ]
In February 2013 , Obama said the U.S. military would reduce the troop level in Afghanistan from 68,000 to 34,000 U.S. troops by February 2014 . [ 390 ]
In October 2015 , the White House announced a plan to keep U.S. Forces in Afghanistan indefinitely in light of the deteriorating security situation . [ 391 ]
Israel
In 2011 , the United States vetoed a Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements , with the United States being the only nation to do so . [ 392 ]
Obama supports the two - state solution to the Arab–Israeli conflict based on the 1967 borders with land swaps . [ 393 ]
In June 2011 , Obama said the bond between the United States and Israel is " unbreakable . " [ 394 ]
During the initial years of the Obama administration , the U.S. increased military cooperation with Israel , including increased military aid , re-establishment of the U.S. - Israeli Joint Political Military Group and the Defense Policy Advisory Group , and an increase in visits among high - level military officials of both countries .
[ 395 ]
The Obama administration asked Congress to allocate money toward funding the Iron Dome program in response to the waves of Palestinian rocket attacks on Israel . [ 396 ]
In 2013 , Jeffrey Goldberg reported that , in Obama 's view , " with each new settlement announcement , Netanyahu is moving his country down a path toward near - total isolation . " [ 397 ]
In 2014 , Obama likened the Zionist movement to the Civil Rights Movement in the United States .
He said both movements seek to bring justice and equal rights to historically persecuted peoples .
He explained , " To me , being pro-Israel and pro-Jewish is part and parcel with the values that I 've been fighting for since I was politically conscious and started getting involved in politics . " [ 398 ]
Obama expressed support for Israel 's right to defend itself during the 2014 Israel– Gaza conflict .
[ 399 ]
In 2015 , Obama was harshly criticized by Israel for advocating and signing the Iran Nuclear Deal ; Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who had advocated the U.S. congress to oppose it , said the deal was " dangerous " and " bad . " [ 400 ]
On December 23 , 2016 , under the Obama Administration , the United States abstained from United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 , which condemned Israeli settlement building in the occupied Palestinian territories as a violation of international law , effectively allowing it to pass .
[ 401 ]
Netanyahu strongly criticized the Obama Administration 's actions , [ 402 ] [ 403 ] and the Israeli government withdrew its annual dues from the organization , which totaled $ 6 million , on January 6 , 2017 . [ 404 ]
On January 5 , 2017 , the United States House of Representatives voted 342–80 to condemn the UN Resolution . [ 405 ] [ 406 ]
Libya
President Obama meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin to discuss Syria and ISIS , September 29 , 2015 .
In February 2011 , protests in Libya began against long - time dictator Muammar Gaddafi as part of the Arab Spring .
They soon turned violent .
In March , as forces loyal to Gaddafi advanced on rebels across Libya , calls for a no - fly zone came from around the world , including Europe , the Arab League , and a resolution [ 407 ] passed unanimously by the U.S. Senate . [ 408 ]
In response to the unanimous passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973 on March 17 , Gaddafi — who had previously vowed to " show no mercy " to the rebels of Benghazi [ 409 ] — announced an immediate cessation of military activities , [ 410 ] yet reports came in that his forces continued shelling Misrata .
The next day , on Obama 's orders , the U.S. military took part in air strikes to destroy the Libyan government 's air defense capabilities to protect civilians and enforce a no - fly - zone , [ 411 ] including the use of Tomahawk missiles , B - 2 Spirits , and fighter jets . [ 412 ] [ 413 ] [ 414 ]
Six days later , on March 25 , by unanimous vote of all its 28 members , NATO took over leadership of the effort , dubbed Operation Unified Protector . [ 415 ] Some Representatives [ 416 ] questioned whether Obama had the constitutional authority to order military action in addition to questioning its cost , structure and aftermath . [ 417 ] [ 418 ]
Syrian Civil War
On August 18 , 2011 , several months after the start of the Syrian Civil War , Obama issued a written statement that said : " The time has come for President Assad to step aside . " [ 419 ] [ 420 ]
This stance was reaffirmed in November 2015 . [ 421 ]
In 2012 , Obama authorized multiple programs run by the CIA and the Pentagon to train anti-Assad rebels . [ 422 ]
The Pentagon - run program was later found to have failed and was formally abandoned in October 2015 . [ 423 ] [ 424 ]
In the wake of a chemical weapons attack in Syria , formally blamed by the Obama administration on the Assad government , Obama chose not to enforce the " red line " he had pledged [ 425 ] and , rather than authorize the promised military action against Assad , went along with the Russia - brokered deal that led to Assad giving up chemical weapons ; however attacks with chlorine gas continued . [ 426 ] [ 427 ]
In 2014 , Obama authorized an air campaign aimed primarily at ISIL . [ 428 ]
Death of Osama bin Laden
Starting with information received from Central Intelligence Agency operatives in July 2010 , the CIA developed intelligence over the next several months that determined what they believed to be the hideout of Osama bin Laden .
He was living in seclusion in a large compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , a suburban area 35 miles ( 56 km ) from Islamabad . [ 429 ] CIA head Leon Panetta reported this intelligence to President Obama in March 2011 . [ 429 ]
Meeting with his national security advisers over the course of the next six weeks , Obama rejected a plan to bomb the compound , and authorized a " surgical raid " to be conducted by United States Navy SEALs . [ 429 ]
The operation took place on May 1 , 2011 , and resulted in the shooting death of bin Laden and the seizure of papers , computer drives and disks from the compound . [ 430 ] [ 431 ]
DNA testing was one of five methods used to positively identify bin Laden 's corpse , [ 432 ] which was buried at sea several hours later . [ 433 ]
Within minutes of the President 's announcement from Washington , DC , late in the evening on May 1 , there were spontaneous celebrations around the country as crowds gathered outside the White House , and at New York City 's Ground Zero and Times Square . [ 430 ] [ 434 ]
Reaction to the announcement was positive across party lines , including from former presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . [ 435 ]
Iran nuclear talks
Obama talks with Benjamin Netanyahu , March 2013 .
On October 1 , 2009 , the Obama administration went ahead with a Bush administration program increasing nuclear weapons production .
The “ Complex Modernization ” initiative expanded two existing nuclear sites to produce new bomb parts .
The administration built new plutonium pits at the Los Alamos lab in New Mexico and expanded enriched uranium processing at the Y - 12 facility in Oak Ridge , Tennessee . [ 436 ]
In November 2013 , the Obama administration opened negotiations with Iran to prevent it from acquiring nuclear weapons , which included an interim agreement .
Negotiations took two years with numerous delays , with a deal being announced July 14 , 2015 .
The deal , titled the " Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action , " saw the removal of sanctions in exchange for measures that would prevent Iran from producing nuclear weapons .
While Obama hailed the agreement as being a step towards a more hopeful world , the deal drew strong criticism from Republican and conservative quarters , and from Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu . [ 437 ] [ 438 ] [ 439 ]
In addition , the transfer of $ 1.7 billion in cash to Iran shortly after the deal was announced was criticized by the republican party .
The Obama administration said that the payment in cash was because of the " effectiveness of U.S. and international sanctions . " [ 440 ]
In order to advance the deal , the Obama administration shielded Hezbollah from the Drug Enforcement Administration 's Project Cassandra investigation regarding drug smuggling and from the Central Intelligence Agency . [ 441 ] [ 442 ]
On a sidenote , the very same year , in December 2015 , Obama started a $ 348 billion worth program to back the biggest U.S. buildup of nuclear arms since Ronald Reagan left the White House . [ 443 ]
Relations with Cuba
President Obama meeting with Cuban President Raúl Castro in Panama , April 2015
Since the spring of 2013 , secret meetings were conducted between the United States and Cuba in the neutral locations of Canada and Vatican City . [ 444 ]
The Vatican first became involved in 2013 when Pope Francis advised the U.S. and Cuba to exchange prisoners as a gesture of goodwill . [ 445 ]
On December 10 , 2013 , Cuban President Raúl Castro , in a significant public moment , greeted and shook hands with Obama at the Nelson Mandela memorial service in Johannesburg . [ 446 ]
In December 2014 , after the secret meetings , it was announced that Obama , with Pope Francis as an intermediary , had negotiated a restoration of relations with Cuba , after nearly sixty years of détente . [ 447 ]
Popularly dubbed the Cuban Thaw , The New Republic deemed the Cuban Thaw to be " Obama 's finest foreign policy achievement . " [ 448 ]
On July 1 , 2015 , President Barack Obama announced that formal diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States would resume , and embassies would be opened in Washington and Havana . [ 449 ]
The countries ' respective " interests sections " in one another 's capitals were upgraded to embassies on July 20 and August 13 , 2015 , respectively . [ 450 ]
Obama visited Havana , Cuba for two days in March 2016 , becoming the first sitting U.S. president to arrive since Calvin Coolidge in 1928 . [ 451 ]
Africa
Obama spoke in front of the African Union in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , on July 29 , 2015 , the first sitting U.S. president to do so .
He gave a speech encouraging the world to increase economic ties via investments and trade with the continent , and lauded the progress made in education , infrastructure , and economy .
He also criticized the lack of democracy and leaders who refuse to step aside , discrimination against minorities ( LGBT people , religious groups and ethnicities ) , and corruption .
He suggested an intensified democratization and free trade , to significantly improve the quality of life for Africans . [ 452 ] [ 453 ]
During his July 2015 trip , Obama also was the first U.S. president ever to visit Kenya , which is the homeland of his father . [ 454 ]
Hiroshima speech
On May 27 , 2016 , Obama became the first sitting American president to visit Hiroshima , Japan , 71 years after the U.S. atomic bombing of Hiroshima that ended World War II .
Accompanied by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzō Abe , Obama paid tribute to the victims of the bombing at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum . [ 455 ]
Russia
After Russia 's invasion of Crimea in 2014 , military intervention in Syria in 2015 , and the interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election , [ 456 ]
Obama 's Russia policy was widely seen as a failure . [ 457 ]
George Robertson , a former UK defense secretary and NATO secretary - general , said Obama had " allowed Putin to jump back on the world stage and test the resolve of the West , " adding that the legacy of this disaster would last . [ 458 ]
Cultural and political image
Obama 's family history , upbringing , and Ivy League education differ markedly from those of African - American politicians who launched their careers in the 1960s through participation in the civil rights movement . [ 459 ]
Expressing puzzlement over questions about whether he is " black enough , " Obama told an August 2007 meeting of the National Association of Black Journalists that " we 're still locked in this notion that if you appeal to white folks then there must be something wrong . " [ 460 ]
Obama acknowledged his youthful image in an October 2007 campaign speech , saying : " I would n't be here if , time and again , the torch had not been passed to a new generation . " [ 461 ]
Obama is frequently referred to as an exceptional orator . [ 462 ]
During his pre-inauguration transition period and continuing into his presidency , Obama delivered a series of weekly Internet video addresses . [ 463 ]
In his speeches as president , Obama did not make more overt references to race relations than his predecessors , [ 464 ] [ 465 ] but according to one study , he implemented stronger policy action on behalf of African - Americans than any president since the Nixon era . [ 466 ]
Presidential approval ratings
According to the Gallup Organization , Obama began his presidency with a 68 % approval rating [ 467 ] before gradually declining for the rest of the year , and eventually bottoming out at 41 % in August 2010 , [ 468 ] a trend similar to Ronald Reagan 's and Bill Clinton 's first years in office . [ 469 ]
He experienced a small poll bounce shortly after the death of Osama bin Laden on May 2 , 2011 .
This bounce lasted until around June 2011 , when his approval numbers dropped back to where they were previously .
[ 470 ] [ 471 ]
His approval ratings rebounded around the same time as his reelection in 2012 , with polls showing an average job approval of 52 % shortly after his second inauguration . [ 472 ]
Despite approval ratings dropping to 39 % in late - 2013 due to the ACA roll - out , they climbed to 50 % in January 2015 according to Gallup . [ 473 ]
Polls showed strong support for Obama in other countries both before and during his presidency .
[ 474 ] [ 475 ]
In a February 2009 poll conducted in Western Europe and the U.S. by Harris Interactive for France 24 and the International Herald Tribune , Obama was rated as the most respected world leader , as well as the most powerful . [ 476 ]
In a similar poll conducted by Harris in May 2009 , Obama was rated as the most popular world leader , as well as the one figure most people would pin their hopes on for pulling the world out of the economic downturn . [ 477 ] [ 478 ]
Obama won Best Spoken Word Album Grammy Awards for abridged audiobook versions of Dreams from My Father in February 2006 and for The Audacity of Hope in February 2008 . [ 479 ]
His concession speech after the New Hampshire primary was set to music by independent artists as the music video " Yes We Can , " which was viewed 10 million times on YouTube in its first month [ 480 ] and received a Daytime Emmy Award . [ 481 ]
In December 2008 and in 2012 , Time magazine named Obama as its Person of the Year . [ 482 ]
The 2008 awarding was for his historic candidacy and election , which Time described as " the steady march of seemingly impossible accomplishments . " [ 483 ]
On May 25 , 2011 , Obama became the first President of the United States to address both houses of the UK Parliament in Westminster Hall , London .
This was only the fifth occurrence since the start of the 20th century of a head of state 's being extended this invitation , following Charles de Gaulle in 1960 , Nelson Mandela in 1996 , Queen Elizabeth II in 2002 and Pope Benedict XVI in 2010 . [ 484 ] [ 485 ]
On October 9 , 2009 , the Norwegian Nobel Committee announced that Obama had won the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize " for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples . " [ 486 ]
Obama accepted this award in Oslo , Norway on December 10 , 2009 , with " deep gratitude and great humility . " [ 487 ]
The award drew a mixture of praise and criticism from world leaders and media figures .
[ 488 ] [ 489 ] [ 490 ] [ 491 ]
Obama 's peace prize was called a " stunning surprise " by The New York Times . [ 492 ]
He became the fourth U.S. president to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and the third to become a Nobel laureate while in office . [ 493 ]
Obama 's Nobel Prize has been viewed skeptically in subsequent years , especially after the director of the Nobel Institute , Geir Lundestad , said Obama 's Peace Prize did not have the desired effect . [ 494 ]
Post - presidency ( 2017 – present )
Obama 's presidency ended at noon on January 20 , 2017 , immediately following the inauguration of his Republican successor , Donald Trump .
After the inauguration , Obama lifted off on Executive One , circled the White House , and flew to Joint Base Andrews . [ 495 ]
The family currently rents a house in Kalorama , Washington , D.C. [ 496 ]
On March 2 , 2017 , the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum awarded the annual Profile in Courage Award to Obama " for his enduring commitment to democratic ideals and elevating the standard of political courage . " [ 497 ]
In his first public appearance out of office , Obama appeared at a seminar at the University of Chicago on April 24 .
The seminar was aimed at the engagement with a new generation as well as an appeal for their participation in politics .
[ 498 ]
On May 4 , three days ahead of the French presidential election , Obama publicly endorsed centrist Emmanuel Macron over right - wing populist Marine Le Pen : " He appeals to people 's hopes and not their fears , and I enjoyed speaking to Emmanuel recently to hear about his independent movement and his vision for the future of France . " [ 499 ]
Macron went on to win the election .
While in Berlin on May 25 , Obama made a joint public appearance with Chancellor Angela Merkel where he stressed inclusion and for leaders to question themselves , Obama having been formally invited to Berlin while still in office as part of an effort to boost Merkel 's re-election campaign .
[ 500 ]
Obama traveled to Kensington Palace in England and met with Prince Harry on May 27 , 2017 ; Obama tweeted afterward that the two discussed their foundations and offering condolences in the wake of the Manchester Arena bombing that occurred five days prior . [ 501 ]
After President Trump announced his withdrawal of the United States from the Paris Agreement on June 1 , Obama released a statement disagreeing with the choice : " But even in the absence of American leadership ; even as this administration joins a small handful of nations that reject the future ; I 'm confident that our states , cities , and businesses will step up and do even more to lead the way , and help protect for future generations the one planet we 've got . " [ 502 ]
Obama playing golf with the President of Argentina Mauricio Macri , October 2017
After Senate Republicans revealed the Better Care Reconciliation
Act of 2017 , their discussion draft of a health care bill to replace the Affordable Care Act , on June 22 , Obama released a Facebook post calling the bill " a massive transfer of wealth from middle - class and poor families to the richest people in America . " [ 503 ]
On September 19 , while delivering the keynote address at Goalkeepers , Obama admitted his frustration with Republicans backing " a bill that will raise costs , reduce coverage , and roll back protections for older Americans and people with pre-existing conditions . " [ 504 ]
After Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the termination of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals ( DACA ) program on September 5 , Obama released a Facebook post criticizing the decision .
[ 505 ]
Two days later , he partnered with former presidents Jimmy Carter , George H. W. Bush , Bill Clinton , and George W. Bush to work with One America Appeal to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma in the Gulf Coast and Texas communities . [ 506 ]
Obama hosted the inaugural summit of the Obama Foundation in Chicago on October 31 .
Obama intends for the foundation to be the central focus of his post - presidency and part of his ambitions for his subsequent activities following his presidency to be more consequential than his time in office . [ 507 ]
Obama has also been working on a Presidential memoir , in a reported $ 65 million deal with Penguin Random House . [ 508 ]
Obama went on an international trip from November 28 to December 2 , 2017 , and visited China , India and France .
In China , he delivered remarks at the Global Alliance of SMEs Summit in Shanghai and met with Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing . [ 509 ] [ 510 ]
He then went to India , where he spoke at the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit before meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi over lunch .
In addition , he held a town hall for young leaders , organized by the Obama Foundation . [ 511 ] [ 512 ]
He also met with the Dalai Lama while in New Delhi . [ 513 ]
He ended his five - day trip in France where he met with French President Emmanuel Macron , former President François Hollande and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo and then spoke at an invitation - only event , touching on climate issues . [ 514 ]
In May 2018 , Obama criticized President Trump 's decision to withdraw from the nuclear deal with Iran under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action saying ' the deal was working and it was in US interests . '[ 515 ]
Barack and Michelle Obama signed a deal on May 22 , 2018 to produce docu-series , documentaries and features for Netflix under the Obamas ' newly formed production company , Higher Ground Productions .
On the deal , Michelle said " I have always believed in the power of storytelling to inspire us , to make us think differently about the world around us , and to help us open our minds and hearts to others . " [ 516 ] [ 517 ]
Higher Ground 's first film , American Factory , won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature in 2020 . [ 518 ]
A package that contained a pipe bomb was sent to Obama 's home in Washington , D.C , on October 24 , 2018 .
The package was intercepted by the Secret Service during routine mail screenings .
Similar packages were sent to several other Democratic leaders , mostly those who voiced strong objections to the policies of Donald Trump and to CNN .
Debbie Wasserman Schultz was addressed as the sender of the package .
On October 26 , 2018 , Cesar Sayoc was arrested and faced five federal charges in Manhattan carrying a combined maximum sentence of 48 years behind bars in relation to the pipe bombs . [ 519 ] [ 520 ]
He was sentenced to a maximum of 20 years in prison on August 5 , 2019 . [ 521 ]
In 2019 , Barack and Michelle Obama bought a home on Martha 's Vineyard from Wyc Grousbeck . [ 522 ] [ 523 ]
On April 14 , 2020 , Obama endorsed his former vice president Joe Biden for president in the 2020 election . [ 524 ]
In May 2020 , Obama criticized President Trump for his handling of the coronavirus pandemic , calling his response to the crisis " an absolute chaotic disaster . "
Trump retaliated by accusing Obama of having committed " the biggest political crime in American history " , though he refused to say what he was talking about , telling reporters " You know what the crime is , the crime is very obvious to everybody . " [ 525 ]
On May 16 , 2020 , Obama delivered two commencement speeches on behalf of the graduating youth who were not able to go to their physical graduation ceremonies due to the COVID - 19 pandemic .
His first speech was for part of the video streamed online program , “ Show Me Your Walk H.B.C.U. Edition ” virtual commencement . [ 526 ]
In his address , he spoke about systemic racism , touching on both the coronavirus pandemic , the shooting death of Ahmaud Arbery , and the fight to stay politically active saying , " The fight for equality and justice begins with awareness , empathy , passion , even righteous anger .
Do n't just activate yourself online , change requires strategy , action , organizing , marching , and voting in the real world like never before " .
His next commencement address was a part of a nationally televised event , titled Graduate Together : America Honors the High School Class of 2020 which aired on NBC . [ 527 ]
Legacy
Job growth during the presidency of Obama compared to other presidents , as measured as cumulative percentage change from month after inauguration to end of his term
Obama 's most significant legacy is generally considered to be the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( PPACA ) , provisions of which went into effect from 2010 to 2020 .
Many attempts by Senate Republicans to repeal the PPACA , including a " skinny repeal , " have thus far failed . [ 528 ]
Together with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act amendment , it represents the U.S. healthcare system 's most significant regulatory overhaul and expansion of coverage since the passage of Medicare and Medicaid in 1965 . [ 529 ] [ 530 ] [ 531 ] [ 532 ]
Many commentators credit Obama with averting a threatened depression and pulling the economy back from the Great Recession . [ 528 ]
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics , the Obama administration created 11.3 million jobs from the month after his first inauguration to the end of his term . [ 533 ]
In 2010 , Obama signed into effect the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Passed as a response to the financial crisis of 2007 – 08 , it brought the most significant changes to financial regulation in the United States since the regulatory reform that followed the Great Depression under Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt . [ 534 ]
In 2009 , Obama signed into law the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 , which contained in it the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act , the first addition to existing federal hate crime law in the United States since Democratic President Bill Clinton signed into law the Church Arson Prevention Act of 1996 .
The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention
Act expanded existing federal hate crime laws in the United States to apply to crimes motivated by a victim 's actual or perceived gender , sexual orientation , gender identity , or disability , and dropped the prerequisite that the victim be engaging in a federally protected activity .
As president , Obama advanced LGBT rights . [ 535 ]
In 2010 , he signed the Don't Ask , Don't Tell Repeal Act , which brought an end to " do n't ask , do n't tell " policy in the U.S. armed forces that banned open service from LGB people ; the law went into effect the following year . [ 536 ]
In 2016 , his administration brought an end to the ban on transgender people serving openly in the U.S. armed forces . [ 537 ] [ 240 ]
A Gallup poll , taken in the final days of Obama 's term , showed that 68 % of Americans believed the U.S. had made progress in the situation for gays and lesbians during Obama 's eight years in office . [ 538 ]
Obama substantially escalated the use of drone strikes against suspected militants and terrorists associated with al - Qaeda and the Taliban . [ 539 ] [ 540 ]
In 2016 , the last year of his presidency , the US dropped 26,171 bombs on seven different countries . [ 541 ] [ 542 ]
Obama left about 8,400 US troops in Afghanistan , 5,262 in Iraq , 503 in Syria , 133 in Pakistan , 106 in Somalia , seven in Yemen , and two in Libya at the end of his presidency . [ 543 ] [ 544 ]
According to Pew Research Center and United States Bureau of Justice Statistics , from December 31 , 2009 , to December 31 , 2015 , inmates sentenced in US federal custody declined by five percent .
This is the largest decline in sentenced inmates in US federal custody since Democratic President Jimmy Carter .
By contrast , the federal prison population increased significantly under presidents Ronald Reagan , George H. W. Bush , Bill Clinton , and George W. Bush . [ 545 ]
Obama left office in January 2017 with a 60 % approval rating . [ 546 ] [ 547 ]
A 2018 survey of historians by the American Political Science Association ranked Obama the 8th - greatest American President . [ 4 ]
Obama gained 10 spots from the same survey in 2015 from the Brookings Institution that ranked Obama the 18th - greatest American President . [ 548 ]
Presidential library
The Barack Obama Presidential Center is Obama 's planned presidential library .
It will be hosted by the University of Chicago and located in Jackson Park on the South Side of Chicago . [ 549 ]
Bibliography
Audiobooks
2006 : The Audacity of Hope : Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream ( read by the author ) , Random House Audio , ISBN 978-0739366417
See also
Politics
Other
Lists
Notes and references
Notes
References
Further reading
Official
Other
2015/03/29 : AoPA is on GitHub now , updated to work with Agda 2.4.2.2 and Standard Library 0.9 .
An Agda library accompanying the paper Algebra of Programming in Agda : Dependent Types for Relational Program Derivation , developed in co-operation with Hsiang - Shang Ko and Patrik Jansson .
Dependent type theory is rich enough to express that a program satisfies an input / output relational specification , but it could be hard to construct the proof term .
On the other hand , squiggolists know very well how to show that one relation is included in another by algebraic reasoning .
The AoPA library allows one to encode Algebra of Programming style program derivation , both functional and relational , in Agda .
Example
The following is a derivation of insertion sort in progress :
isort - der : ∃ ( \f → ordered ?
○ permute ⊒ fun f )
isort - der = ( _ , (
⊒- begin
ordered ?
○ permute
⊒⟨ ( \vs -> ·-monotonic ordered ?
( permute - is - fold vs ) ) ⟩
ordered ?
○ foldR combine nil
⊒⟨ foldR - fusion ordered ?
ins - step ins - base ⟩
foldR ( fun ( uncurry insert ) ) nil
⊒⟨ { foldR - to - foldr insert [ ] }0 ⟩
{ fun ( foldr insert [ ] )
⊒∎ }1 ) ) isort : [ Val ] -> [ Val ]
isort = proj₁ isort- der
The type of isort - der is a proposition that there exists a function f that is contained in ordered ?
◦ permute , a relation mapping a list to one of its ordered permutations .
The proof proceeds by derivation from the speciﬁcation towards the algorithm .
The ﬁrst step exploits monotonicity of ◦ and that permute can be expressed as a fold .
The second step makes use of relational fold fusion .
The shaded areas denote interaction points — fragments of ( proof ) code to be completed .
The programmer can query Agda for the expected type and the context of the shaded expression .
When the proof is completed , an algorithm isort is obtained by extracting the witness of the proposition .
It is an executable program that is backed by the type system to meet the speciﬁcation .
The complete program is in the Example directory of the code .
The Code
The code consists of the following files and folders :
AlgebraicReasoning : a number of modules supporting algebraic reasoning .
At present we implement our own because the PreorderReasoning module in earlier versions of the Standard Library was not expressive enough for our need .
We may adapt to the new Standard Library later .
: a number of modules supporting algebraic reasoning .
At present we implement our own because the module in earlier versions of the Standard Library was not expressive enough for our need .
We may adapt to the new Standard Library later .
Data : defining relational fold , unfold , hylomorphism ( using well - founded recursion ) , the greedy theorem , and the converse - of - a- function theorem , etc , for list and binary tree .
: defining relational fold , unfold , hylomorphism ( using well - founded recursion ) , the greedy theorem , and the converse - of - a- function theorem , etc , for list and binary tree .
Examples : currently we have prepared four examples : a functional derivation of the maximum segment sum problem , a relational derivation of insertion sort and quicksort ( following the paper Functional Algorithm Design by Richard Bird ) , and solving an optimisation problem using the greedy theorem .
: currently we have prepared four examples : a functional derivation of the maximum segment sum problem , a relational derivation of insertion sort and quicksort ( following the paper Functional Algorithm Design by Richard Bird ) , and solving an optimisation problem using the greedy theorem .
Relations : modules defining various properties of relations .
: modules defining various properties of relations .
Sets : a simple encoding of sets , upon with Relations are built .
Download
Download from Github : https://github.com/scmu/aopa.
" My company has a historical division between the IT Department and the Web Department , " writes D. S. Black .
" The IT Department does all the normal ' IT ' stuff , while the Web folks mostly do non-technical like designing websites , creating simple databases , and configuring web servers .
As a result , we 've had a few web administrators who have n't quite been All
There when it comes to things like reusable libraries , sensible documentation , and database design . "
" One server I came across had at least a dozen different form - mail scripts .
The earlier ones were written in Perl , but as the years passed , the secret of sending E- mail from Perl was lost .
A few of the Perl scripts called Blat ( a Win32 command line E - Mail utility ) , but eventually , even that knowledge was lost .
" This left the web developers with only a single technique for sending an email based on an HTML from : an ASP page called " formmail.asp " .
However , since they still needed to send mail from Perl scripts , one of the clever web developers managed to take a form submission in a Perl script and POST it to formmail .
asp using LWP , a Perl lib that can that can be used as an HTTP client .
This method was used time and time again , leaving several of the Perl scripts to accept a form submission , initiate another HTTP connection from the server , and then submit the same form values to the ASP page .
" Of course , all this paled in comparison to the One Script that I found .
It was one of the countless things that broke when we moved to a new Web server .
" On the surface , the One Script looked like any other that is seen through many of our Web sites : it does n't use strict or warnings ; it does n't use the standard CGI module to do any work , instead decoding the query string manually ; it hard - codes paths and values that will break easily ; and it even has a comment from someone questioning why it 's still being used .
" But unlike other Perl scripts , the One Script does things ... differently .
print " Content - Type : text / html
" ; # parse form read ( STDIN , $ buffer , $ ENV { ' CONTENT_LENGTH'} ) ; @pairs = split ( /&/ , $ buffer ) ; foreach $ pair ( @pairs ) { ( $ name , $ value ) = split ( /=/ , $ pair ) ; $ value =~ tr /+/ / ; $ value =~ s/%( [ a - fA - F0 - 9 ] [ a - fA - F0 - 9 ] ) / pack ( " C " , hex ( $ 1 ) ) / eg ; $ FORM {$ name} = $ value ; } # Define variables ###########################################
$ quiz_name = $ FORM {' quiz_name'} ; $ my_score = $ FORM {' my_score'} ; $ email = $ FORM {' stu_email'} ; $ name = $ FORM {' stu_name'} ; $ prof_email = $ FORM {' prof_email'} ; # $ email_message = " $ answ " ; $ message = ' mailer_d_alt.asp ' ; $ answ = $ FORM {' answ'} ; $ new_answ = $ answ ; $ new_answ =~ s/ " //g ; $ new_answ =~ s/
/ \ " \& vbcrlf \& \ " /g ; $ new_answ =~ s/\r//g ; $ final_answ = " ( \ " $ new_answ\ " ) " ; $ final_page = $ FORM {' final_page'} ; $ final_page =~ s/\\/\//g ; $ final_page =~ s/e://g ; $ final_page =~ s/\/Inetpub\/wwwroot/http:\/\/www.thecompany.com/ig; # $ final_page =~ s/\/inetpub\/wwwroot/http:\/\/www.thecompany.com/g; $ page = $ final_page ; # Print asp page that will process and mail quiz response # NOTE : this seems a little ridiculous to me .
why are we even using this # script if all it's going to do is just create another script ?
# -- XXXX XXXX , 2003 - 10 - 17 open ( FILE , " >$ message " ) || print " < B> Error : </ B> Could not create temporary file . " ; print FILE " <\ %
" ; print FILE " email = ( \" $email\ " )
" ; print FILE " Dim objCDO
" ; print FILE " Dim strFromName
" ; print FILE " Dim strFromEmail , strToEmail
" ; print FILE " Dim strSubject , strBody
" ; print FILE " strSubject = \ " Results for $ quiz_name \ "
" ; print FILE " strFromName = ( ( \ " $name \ " ) )
" ; print FILE " strPage = ( ( \ " $ page \ " ) )
" ; print FILE " strFromEmail = ( ( \" mailer\@thecompany \ " ) )
" ; print FILE " strToEmail = \ " $email \ "
" ; print FILE " strCcEmail = \ " $ prof_email \ "
" ; print FILE " strBody=$final_answ
" ; print FILE " Set objCDO = Server.CreateObject ( \" CDO. Message\ " )
" ; print FILE " objCDO .
From = strFromName \& \ " < \ " \& strFromEmail \& \ " > \ "
" ; print FILE " objCDO .
To = strToEmail
" ; print FILE " objCDO.Cc = strCcEmail
" ; print FILE " objCDO .
Subject = strSubject
" ; print FILE " objCDO .
Textbody = vbcrlf & strbody & vbcrlf
" ; print FILE " objCDO .
Send
" ; print FILE " Set objCDO = Nothing
" ; print FILE " response.redirect strPage
" ; print FILE " response.end
" ; print FILE " \ % > " ; close FILE ; # mail .BodyFormat = MailFormat .
Html
print " < HTML >< HEAD >< META HTTP - EQUIV= \" Refresh \ " CONTENT=\ " 1 ; " ; print " URL=http://www.thecompany.com/scripts/mailer_d_alt.asp\ " > " ; print " < TITLE ></ TITLE ></ HEAD>< BODY ></BODY></HTML > " ;
For those not acclimated with Perl , the One Script works by parsing the querystring , generating an ASP page ( mailer_d_alt.asp ) which sends out a basic confirmation email , and then redirects the user to the just - generated page .
As they gear up for a possible make - or - break primary in Pennsylvania a little more than a week from now , even the most ardent supporters of Barack Obama , the likely Democratic nominee for the U.S. presidency this November , might wonder at times if the mesmerizing orator is more style than substance .
But Obama 's Secret Service detail was on to something in deciding on " Renegade " as its code name for the junior U.S. senator from Illinois .
Obama has repeatedly bucked progressive orthodoxy , on religion , war , race , free trade , and health care , risking support among his own party 's core constituencies .
Though still best known for his 2002 objections to the looming war in Iraq , Obama is no peacenik .
He might not have made his Iraq views known so early had he not attended an anti-war rally in Chicago , where the then - Illinois state senator was prompted to take the stage only after noticing people in the crowd wearing " War is Not An Option " buttons .
" And I thought , I do n't agree with that , " Obama said in a 2004 New Yorker profile .
" The Civil War was worth fighting .
World War Two .
So I got up and said that , among other things . "
What he opposed , he said then , were " dumb wars " like Iraq .
Obama , 46 , is also at odds with the realpolitik of the U.S. State Department in his determination to pursue Osama bin Laden and his confederates into a sovereign Pakistan , with or without Islamabad 's assent .
That diplomatic gaucherie met with ridicule from rival Hillary Clinton and de facto G.O.P. presidential nominee , John McCain .
Yet within weeks of Obama 's statement , U.S. armed forces began striking inside Pakistan , taking out one of al - Qaeda 's top strategists .
During his 2004 bid to become only the third African American elected to the U.S. Senate since Reconstruction , Obama , then scarcely known outside of Chicago , stepped into an Illinois union hall and declared , " There 's nobody in this room who does n't believe in free trade . "
The AFL - CIO leaders , reliable both as Democratic organizers and as demonizers of free trade , looked at each other in disbelief .
But , as Obama later told writer William Finnegan , " Look , those guys are all wearing Nike shoes and buying Pioneer stereos .
They do n't want the borders closed .
They just do n't want their communities destroyed " by unrestrained outsourcing .
Risking the impression of being " too black " to be electorally viable on the national stage , Obama , in a 2005 Time essay on the continuing discrimination against blacks , wrote of his ostensible hero , " I cannot swallow the view of Lincoln as the Great Emancipator . "
Risking the ire of African Americans , another bulwark of Democratic support , Obama said in a 2006 speech that blacks suffered from " our own long - held grudges and petty disputes , our frantic diversions and tribal allegiances . "
From Martin Luther King , Jr.'s own Atlanta pulpit in January , Obama told the black congregants , " We must admit that none of our hands is entirely clean ...
We have scorned our gay brothers and sisters instead of embracing them .
The scourge of anti-Semitism has , at times , revealed itself in our community .
For too long , some of us have seen immigrants as competitors for jobs instead of companions in the fight for opportunity . "
Crossing swords with another traditional Dem constituency , Obama complained to Jewish leaders in Cleveland in February , " There is a strain within the pro-Israel community that says unless you adopt an unwavering pro-Likud approach to Israel that you 're anti-Israel .
And that can't be the measure of our friendship with Israel . "
As the Iraq War debate got underway , Obama shed his lapel flag pin , which began to strike him as a cheap substitute for patriotism .
During the critical early primaries this winter , Obama told an interviewer that Ronald Reagan , the Democrats ' great Satan , left his party in better shape than Bill Clinton because Reagan understood the power of ideas , no matter how retrograde .
Noting that about three - quarters of Americans believe in angels , Obama in a 2006 speech faulted Democrats for their patronizing secularism .
For decades Democrats have objected to displays of the 10 Commandments in government buildings and picked other pointless fights in which Dems come off as heathens .
Obama was confirmed in his faith in the ' 80s , while employed by several Chicago churches as a community organizer helping jobless steelworkers fight for better living conditions .
In that 2006 speech , he said : " Because when we ignore the debate about what it means to be a good Christian or Muslim or Jew ; when we discuss religion only in the negative sense of where and how it should not be practised , rather than in the positive sense of what it tells us about our obligations toward one another ... others will fill the vacuum , those with the most insular views of faith , or those who cynically use religion to justify partisan ends . "
Obama admonishes parents to " get our kids to turn off the TV sets and put away the video games and hit the books – even if that means , for black children , that they might be accused of `acting white . ' "
He regards Hillary Clinton 's plan for universal health care as classic 1960s liberalism that dictates – or mandates – that every American sign up for it .
Mindful of the " Harry and Louise " TV campaign that killed Clinton 's first , early - '90s , try at health care reform , Obama 's nearly identical plan lacks mandates and will not invite right - wing attacks of being another nanny - state effort to cram government policy down people 's throats .
Progressive economists vilify the Obama plan .
But it wo n't be for them to take on a health care lobby skilled at creating false fears about patient choice of doctors .
Progressive parties have a weakness for lost causes and for accentuating the negative .
Obama , by contrast , is a self - described " hope mongerer , " at times unduly optimistic about America 's short - term prospects .
He has also disappointed supporters for declining to expend political capital on unwinnable causes .
" He is idealistic , " Chicago poverty activist John Bouman told Obama biographer David Mendell .
But " for Barack , it 's not a constant flow of glorious defeats . "
Better to accumulate a record of getting things done .
In his last two years in the Illinois state senate , Obama secured passage of more than 280 bills .
The inspiration for many of them , including bigger tax breaks for the working poor and expanded child - education programs , was a desire to correct a social imbalance tilted against the poor and people of colour .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Obama has been conventional at times .
He has been largely AWOL from the poverty and race issues arising from Hurricane Katrina , and from the continuing HIV / AIDS crisis .
As the primary in layoff - devastated Ohio approached , free trader Obama and free trader Clinton pandered to Ohioans by scapegoating NAFTA for a crisis that both candidates know is rooted in cheap Chinese imports , not lax Mexican labour and environmental standards ( lax though they are ) .
But there 's a stubborn streak in Obama that overrides expediency at critical moments .
It seemed that he might throw his former , long - time pastor , Jeremiah Wright , under the bus when a highly selective culling of Wright 's more intemperate sermons flooded the Internet .
As it happens , nothing Wright said matched Martin Luther King , Jr. 's 1967 fulmination against the Vietnam War : " God did n't call America to engage in a senseless , unjust war , " King said .
" And we are criminals in that war .
We have committed more war crimes almost than any nation in the world ... "
In the only historic speech so far in this campaign season , on March 18 , Obama repudiated Wright 's more inflammatory sermonizing but refused to " disown " him .
Obama then opened the Pandora 's box of racial grievances during an election cycle that everyone , especially Obama , was hoping would not be about race .
While the continued anger of many African Americans and other minorities often is counterproductive , Obama allowed , " the anger is real ; it is powerful ; and to simply wish it away , to condemn it without understanding its roots , only serves to widen the chasm of misunderstanding that exists between the races . "
Obama is one the most Trudeauesque politicians to appear on the world stage in decades .
Charismatic yet aloof .
Irreverent but pragmatic .
Curious about the world .
A book - smart and contemplative figure , probably the only candidate this year to quote Socrates on the campaign trail .
And hugely confident in his outsized ambitions , which are disguised by a cool TV persona .
Trudeau was a quixotic figure .
Obama is less so , but what he began saying of himself many years ago still applies : " I serve as a blank screen on which people of vastly different political stripes project their own views . "
Yet Obama 's track record confirms that it is social justice that drives him , and he remains at heart a community organizer .
In this , Obama is guided by the legacy of Saul Alinsky , the Chicago social activist who gained renown as he helped meatpackers fight for safe working conditions .
Alinsky later influenced the methodology of activists in the civil - rights and anti-Vietnam War movements , and accumulated protégés such as Cesar Chavez , founder of the United Farm Workers .
Obama adheres to the Alinsky method of listening at length to what people need before determining what practically can be done , " then taking them into action , " as Obama told biographer Mendell .
For Obama , Alinsky represents " a certain hard - headedness , a worldly lack of sentiment ; politics , not religion . "
The Obama '08 campaign slogan , " Yes we can , " was first used by Cesar Chavez .
Little has been heard yet from the foreign - policy brain trusts of the candidates .
What has emerged from the Obama camp is the elevation of " dignity " as the starting point in relations between America and other nations .
" Dignity is a way to unite a lot of different strands ( of foreign - policy thinking ) , " former Obama foreign - policy adviser Samantha Power told Spencer Ackerman in an American Prospect interview in last month .
The American world view should be " about meeting people where they 're at .
Their fears of going hungry , or of the thug on the street .
That 's the swamp that needs draining .
If we 're to compete with extremism , we have to be able to provide these things that we 're not ( providing ) . "
Every campaign has its overworked word or phrase .
With Obama's , it 's " transformational . "
The transformation Obama seeks is to make permanent the grassroots movement he created .
Ideally , Obama 's would be something of a communal presidency , in which the chief executive is able to enact his agenda only with post - campaign grassroots pressure on Washington and state legislators .
Barack Obama " is going to demand that you shed your cynicism , " Obama 's wife , Michelle Obama , told a February Los Angeles rally .
" Barack will never allow you to go back to your lives as usual , uninvolved and uninformed . "
Presidents come and go , and Washington 's establishment has a way of making even the boldest reformers look ordinary in short order .
Worse , movements fade .
Unless Obama lowers the expectations of his followers , the grassroots euphoria that may yet propel him to the White House will revert to cynicism during the inevitable , unhappy compromises – especially in Iraq – that will mar the early years of the next presidency .
Read more about :
THE job of NATO used to be straightforward : keep the Americans in , the Germans down and the Russians out .
These days things are less certain .
A week after the alliance 's acrimonious summit in Bucharest , and an inconclusive follow - up meeting between presidents George Bush and Vladimir Putin to discuss anti-missile defences , NATO 's future role in Europe 's security seems particularly unclear .
The most controversial question for the coming months , even years , will be how far the alliance should expand ; in particular whether it should take in Ukraine and Georgia .
At NATO 's summit in Bucharest , Germany 's chancellor , Angela Merkel , led the resistance to an American - led move to grant the two countries the next step to membership — known as the Membership Action Plan ( MAP ) .
NATO postponed the issue to a meeting of foreign ministers in December , or perhaps to its 60th anniversary summit in April next year .
Or perhaps , given that Mr Bush 's successor will still be getting his team in place , a decision may be delayed for much longer .
On one reading of events , this expansion of NATO is a mere formality .
Ukraine and Georgia claim to be delighted with the summit communiqué , which said firmly : “ These countries will become members of NATO ” .
Without a date for MAP , however , this promise may mean less than it seems .
The fallout in Ukraine has been limited so far .
Only a minority of the public supports NATO membership .
That is one reason why the alliance is chary of issuing a firm invitation .
The government in Kiev says it will concentrate on making the case for NATO and pushing ahead with the less controversial bid to seek an association agreement with the European Union , which it hopes to secure in September .
Ukraine 's leaders also still have plenty to do to convince other NATO countries that they both meet the criteria and really want to join the alliance — something that is bound to bring a big political cost in relations with the Kremlin .
Yuri Luzhkov , the mayor of Moscow , said that Russia should punish Ukraine for even trying to join NATO .
According to a Russian newspaper report , Mr Putin lost his temper with Mr Bush at a meeting on the final day of the Bucharest summit , telling him : “ Do you understand , George , that Ukraine is not even a state . ”
Claiming that most of Ukraine 's territory was “ given away ” by Russia , Mr Putin supposedly also said that if the country joined NATO it would “ cease to exist ” .
A Kremlin spokesman at the meeting says he did not hear the exchange .
Still , intemperate language from Russia may stiffen Ukrainian resolve to move closer to the West .
In Georgia , the authorities complain that Russia is accelerating the “ creeping annexation ” of Abkhazia and South Ossetia , breakaway regions that maintain an unrecognised independence , backed by the Kremlin .
On the day of the summit decision , Mr Putin sent a letter to the secessionist leaders promising that Russia would “ further widen and deepen its all - embracing practical co-operation ” .
Georgia fears that the price of NATO membership may be the permanent loss of Abkhazia , in particular , from which the 250,000 - strong majority ethnic Georgian population fled in 1993 .
One worry is how Mikheil Saakashvili , the impetuous Georgian president , will handle the Abkhaz issue .
Another is the upcoming Georgian parliamentary elections in May , in which Mr Saakashvili 's clannish supporters are battling a hot - headed opposition .
A fairly - counted poll , and a calm approach to Abkhazia , may help to allay fears in NATO countries , particularly Germany , about Georgia 's suitability for membership .
Over to EU ?
Indecision in NATO leaves plenty of room for the European Union .
But the EU shows little sign so far of wanting to take the lead in the continent 's security policy — for example in reaching out to Ukraine .
It is still struggling to digest its most recent expansion to Romania and Bulgaria — countries that seem to be going backwards rather than forwards on issues such as the rule of law and organised crime .
This week the European Commission reiterated that Bulgaria needs to tackle gangsterism and corruption .
Despite 150 assassinations since 2001 , nobody has been convicted , nor has any senior Bulgarian official successfully been prosecuted for corruption .
The other big issue is America 's planned missile defence bases : ten interceptor rockets in Poland and a radar in the Czech Republic .
In its dying months , the Bush administration is keen to settle the issue with Russia , but has so far been unable to do so .
It has offered several “ transparency ” measures — such as a promise not to switch on the system until a threat ( from Iran ) emerges , and access for Russian liaison officers — to reassure Mr Putin that the missile shield is not an attempt to neutralise Russia 's nuclear arsenal .
Russia insists that it wants around - the - clock monitors based at both sites — a demand that causes resentment in countries that 19 years ago were unwilling members of the Soviet - led Warsaw pact .
The Czech Republic has reached a deal on hosting the American radar , but Poland is holding out for better terms — especially American help to modernise its armed forces .
America 's policy in eastern Europe is running out of steam .
Earlier successes , such as expanding NATO to the Baltic states , are now overshadowed by disunity .
Some newer NATO members even view Germany as something of a “ fifth column ” for Russia .
Given the uncertainty over what a new American presidency will bring , the outlook for many in Europe 's ex-communist states is worrying .
We 'd explain this thing , but we 're really having trouble taking our eyes off of it long enough to string some full sentences together .
Suffice it to say Festo 's AirJelly is powered by some magical jelly fish properties , a lithium - ion battery , an electric motor and a bit of helium .
If that 's not floaty enough for you , there 's also a water version , AquaJelly .
Videos of both are after the break .
Now here 's something we love to see : Tanya Andersen , a 45 - year - old single mother , is taking on the RIAA for their sleazy tactics and appears to be winning .
After being sued for piracy and having the case dismissed , she decided to go ahead and sue the RIAA for conspiracy .
She argues that the way the RIAA snoops around looking for people to sue is in violation of the law , as is the way they try to extort settlements out of people without going to trial .
BusinessWeek has a whole profile of Andersen and her battle against the RIAA , and it 's well worth the read .
Go check it out ; it 's not like you 've got other stuff to do .
[ BusinessWeek via CrunchGear ]
Advertisement
I am sad to report the death of Ahmed the writer of the blog BlogIraq who was murdered in the Al - Mansour district of Baghdad .
May he rest in peace .
Iraqi bloggers are a close - knit community and we mourn the death of fellow bloggers as if it is from our own family .
There is not one family in Iraq that has been untouched by the violence that gripped our country and Iraqi bloggers are no different .
His friend , Mohammed Alani , who helped set up the blog , wrote on BlogIraq :
Ahmed ( BlogIraq ) is dead .
He was killed in Baghdad on April 11th , 2008 …
He had an appointment that day with a guy he knew .
This guy was supposed to get him some documents that prove corruption in some USAID office back in Baghdad .
I do n't have complete details about it .
Anyway , he and the guy bringing the documents were killed at their meeting place in Mansour district in Baghdad …
His brother in - law found him dead with his friend in Mansour district in one of the small streets there .
Thank God his body was found , unlike many of our friends who were killed or just vanished without a trace .
When I first setup this blog for him , he gave me the admin password of his blog and I gave him the password of mine .
We agreed that whoever dies first , the other should write about it in his blog .
Its just my bad luck that he died first .
I can only think of his 20 months old daughter .
Shes about the same age as my daughter , Aya .
May
God take revenge of those who killed him and orphaned his lovely daughter .
Abbas Hawazin adds : “ I am feeling so much anger boiling , I tried to cry but I could n't . ”
If you read no other post this week read this one :
The media is increasingly making noises about how the modern world is creating a new environmental crisis .
Yet scant attention is being paid to the environmental disaster that is befalling iraq as a result of five years of war .
Last of Iraqis takes a look at all aspects of the crisis :
year after year it 's getting hotter , I remember before the war and two years after it when I used to sit in my room the fan was enough … but in 2007 …
I remember when I got back to my house and opened the door , I swear to god it was like opening a door to hell although the house was left for only 36 hours without air cooling ! … one can feel that the weather got crazy here , this year we were punished by the several sand storms and the swinging temperatures …
Deterioration in agriculture was the reason behind the climate change as I think ; people say that what used to be farms became a desert now in the south middle and west of Iraq and that 's one of the main reasons behind the sand storms that we suffer from now because there are no trees and plants to hold the sand storms , Iraq is suffering and it's transforming , I know people are dying in Iraq and they can't be even counted but what will we inherit our children even if the situation improved and Iraq became free again and everything is settle ?
What will we inherit them ?
A destroyed land ?
A desert ?
a community filled with hatred ?
Waiting for the war to come in Mosul
Empty streets in Mosul
by Mosul is in Heart
The Iraqi president , Nouri Al - Maliki has made a big noise about reclaiming the northern Iraqi city of Mosul .
Like the massive Basra offensive he moved to Mosul to personally direct the army .
Iraqi bloggers give their impressions of a city about to be at war .
Najma is bored of being locked up at home because of endless curfews :
Hatred , such a strong unhealthy feeling .. but I just can't help but hate it here ..
I hate it , I hate it , I HATE IT ..
I want to shout it at the top of my lungs so everybody can know that I just can't stand it here .
The curfew that started at 9 PM last Friday was only temporarily stopped at 6 AM today and is going to start again at 6 PM until further notice .
And Sunshine writes about life in the war zone :
Everyone knows the new operation may starts in every sec , and the curfew may last for few weeks probably , so my dad bought every thing we need , rice , flour , eggs , cheese , oil , meat , vegetables , fruit , etc . but there are many families ca n’t buy all those stuff , and live day by day , so when the national guards allowed the citizens to walk , many people started to do shopping , but this time , the prices were doubled or got higher 30 - 50 % ..
It breaks my heart to see my people living under hard circumstances , there are many issues need to be solved , like economy for example , and many other things , but who cares ?!!…
On the third day … a fight started in far away neighborhood , dad immediately harried to carry Yosif inside , as soon as he carried Yosif a bullet hit the pavement where Yosif was standing !!
I am so thankful it did n’t hit Yosif ..
The situation today is not good , we heard many explosions and shooting .. and there were sounds of helicopters since the early morning , as well as many tanks
She concludes :
I really hope Mosul will be free of terrorists , I do n’t mind spending 3 months stuck in the house , if there ’ll be a happy end , we want to live in peace , we are tired of the continues fights , kidnapping , and killing .
all Iraqis want their lives back , I want to go back to my room and sleep there , and I am eager to the day we ’ll fix our house and be aware it wo n’t be damaged , whenever I look at our walls or my closet and see the bullets and shrapnel , my heart breaks , each damaged corner in the house has a painful story ..
I want to be able to walk freely in the streets without being afraid of terrorists , many times I wonder , god created us all equally , and gave us mind to think , and feelings to sense , everyone like children because they are so innocents , why some of those children grew up and became evils ?
why people fight each other ?
I ca n’t understand that , why someone wake up in the morning and his attention is to kill ?
I ca n’t understand the reason that motivate people to kill , sometimes they kill because of nationality ! , religion ! , race , some times I wish everyone can remain a child to keep the innocence !
And finally
Given the – for want of a better word – unique experiment of democracy in Iraq , where does the young intelligent Iraqi look to for a role model in a world leader ?
Marshmallow26 tells us :
The Last Laugh : Popular Shark Tank Products That Never Got a Deal
Walking into the Shark Tank is intimidating , but with over 63 million dollars offered by the sharks , it ’s an opportunity many inventors feel is worth getting their feet wet for .
Products from Shark
Tank have gone on to be wildly successful , but not all of them made the sharks rich during the journey .
Here are 5 Shark Tank rejects that did n’t get an investment offer , but it ’s almost a certainty that the sharks wish they had taken a bite .
1. Ring
Perhaps the most recognizable and popular Shark Tank reject , Ring is now in use in homes across the world and is one of the best selling products from Shark Tank .
The device , which offers security and peace of mind to homeowners , did attract some attention from the sharks , but not enough to take a risk .
The offers included royalties which James Siminoff , the owner , was not willing to give up .
Ring has sold a large number of units and Amazon recently bought the company for 1 billion dollars .
2. Cellhelmet
Protecting your cell phone is considered a must .
If you ’ve ever handled your phone outside without a case or screen protector you know the nervous feeling that you could drop it and watch it shatter at any moment .
Mile Kane and David Artuso sought investment from the sharks for their screen protector company .
It places amongst the best selling products from Shark Tank with thousands of sales within days of the show airing .
3. Rocketbook
If you enjoy writing notes by hand , but miss the convenience of having your computer notes synced up across all your devices , the makers of Rocketbook had you on their minds when coming up with their reusable notebook .
With the Rocketbook , you can take notes or draw sketches , upload those notes to the cloud and then wipe away and reuse the page .
The sharks thought it was either a gimmick or just did n’t have a future so they declined to invest .
It is now one of the most famous products from Shark Tank with a very prosperous crowdfunding campaign .
Even when the sharks do n’t bite there are millions of potential customers out there , which many companies are taking advantage of using services like Gadget Flow .
4. Coatchex
Sometimes inventors come up with a fix for a problem that the sharks just ca n’t wrap their heads around .
Derek Pacque took his solution to Shark Tank .
Coatchex uses facial recognition to match a person with their coat to avoid annoyances with traditional coat check systems .
The investors were interested but just could n’t make a deal with Pacque .
Coatchex has moved on to have a presence in large venues and festivals across the country , making it a top product from Shark Tank .
5. FireAvert
Some gadgets save lives , and Peter Thorpe thought his gadget that did just that would n’t be a Shark Tank reject , and he was half - right .
Thorpe ’s product could turn off electrical equipment when in danger of starting a fire .
Leaving the oven on , forgetting to turn off a curling iron , these are problems that everyone has faced at some point , and FireAvert sought to fix that .
The problem is that Thorpe had already given a large percentage of the company to another investor which made most of the sharks swim away .
He did take an offer with one shark , but it ultimately fell through .
FireAvert is still alive and well , making sales at trade shows every year .
Not All Products from Shark Tank Are Created Equal
Just because the sharks missed out on these deals does n’t mean they did n’t make some excellent decisions along the way .
Many products from Shark
Tank that did make deals have become some of the best selling products in the country .
New inventions come and go all the time , but only some stick around .
To stay on top of the newest innovations that are changing the game , check us out .
Parents wait anxiously outside the flattened Juyuan Middle School
A powerful earthquake has killed at least 10,000 people in China 's south - western Sichuan province , up to 5,000 of them in just one county .
Many more have been killed and injured in other parts of the country after the 7.8 - magnitude quake struck at 1428 local time ( 0628 GMT ) .
At least 50 bodies have been recovered from the rubble of a school where an estimated 900 students were buried .
President Hu Jintao has urged " all - out " efforts to rescue victims .
Search teams were sent to the area but struggled to get through because routes were blocked .
See a map of earthquake area
The BBC's Michael Bristow , in nearby Chongqing , said torrential rains had also prevented helicopters gaining access .
With communication links down , he says there is still no real indication of the death toll at the epicentre , in Wenchuan county , about 92 km ( 57 miles ) from Chengdu , Sichuan 's provincial capital .
' Major disaster '
One of the worst - hit areas appears to be Beichuan county , part of the Mianyang city municipal area , about 50 km from the epicentre .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Some 80 % of buildings there were reported to have been destroyed , leaving between 3,000 and 5,000 people dead and up to 10,000 injured .
Meanwhile hundreds of people were reported to have been buried in two collapsed chemical plants in Shifang in Sichuan , and at least five other schools were reported to be in ruins .
More than 150 people were killed in the other provinces of Gansu and Shaanxi , and in Chongqing municipality , Xinhua said .
REPORTED DEATHS
Sichuan province : 10,000 Shaanxi province : 61 Gansu province : 48 Chongqing municipality : 50 Yunnan province : 1 As reported by Xinhua , 2200 GMT Monday
The death toll could turn out to be much higher once the damage in Wenchuan county - the epicentre - is assessed , says BBC China analyst Shirong Chen .
The area is very rugged , full of mountains and valleys and a number of roads are connected with bridges from one mountain top to the next , he says .
A top official from the region , Wang Bin , appealed for outside help quickly .
" We are in urgent need of tents , food , medicine and satellite communications equipment through air drop , " he said .
" We also need medical workers to save the injured people here . "
There were fears that China 's programme to save the endangered giant panda may have been affected .
We were in quite a narrow street where everything just started shaking ... people were panicking ...
It was mayhem
Casper Oppenhuisdejong
BBC reader in Chengdu
' Buried teenagers crying for help '
In pictures : China earthquake Wenchuan county is home to the Wolong Nature Reserve , the country 's leading research and breeding base for pandas - but the centre could not be reached by phone .
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , who flew to Chengdu immediately , said China needed " calm , confidence , courage and strong leadership " .
" We will definitely overcome this major disaster , " he promised .
US President George W Bush expressed condolences to victims ' families , while Japan offered to send aid .
The Chinese Red Cross has sent hundreds of tents and thousands of blankets to the afflicted area .
Cries for help
There were harrowing reports from the scene of a school collapse in Dujiangyan city - just south - east of the epicentre - where 900 students were buried and 50 dead .
Teenagers buried beneath the rubble of the three - storey Juyuan Middle School building were struggling to break free , while others were crying out for help , state news agency Xinhua reported .
Parents were watching as cranes excavated the site .
Villagers rushed to help with the rescue .
Two girls said they escaped because they had " run faster than others " .
Dozens of aftershocks have been reported since the quake , which was felt in Beijing , 1,545 km ( 960 miles ) away , and the Thai capital Bangkok , 1,800 km ( 1,200 miles ) away .
RECENT CHINA QUAKES
March , 2008 : 7.2 quake in Xinjiang - damage limited February 2003 : 6.8 quake in Xinjiang - at least 94 dead , 200 hurt January 1998 : 6.2 quake in rural Hebei - at least 47 dead , 2,000 hurt April 1997 : 6.6 quake hits Xinjiang - 9 dead , 60 hurt January 1997 : 6.4 quake in Xinjiang - 50 dead , 40 hurt
How earthquakes happen History of deadly earthquakes
The earthquake was China 's worst since 242,000 people were killed in 1976 by the Tangshan quake .
Sichuan province is the most populated part of China - home to 87 million people .
The provincial capital Chengdu , which has a population of more than 10 million people , was comparatively lightly damaged - though Xinhua cited an official with the local seismological bureau saying 45 people were killed there .
Some 5,000 troops have been sent to help with relief work .
The BBC's Quentin Somerville says this is probably the most significant natural disaster to hit China in recent memory , but that the Chinese army has a good record of mobilising and getting people to safety .
He also says it is one of the most open and speedy responses to an emergency he has ever seen from Chinese state media .
The quake was felt as far away as Beijing , he says , meaning millions of people will feel connected to the disaster and will be watching TV screens closely to see how the government responds .
Back to top
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Cartoonist Harry Bliss has been drawn into a bit of controversy over at the New Yorker because his illustration for last week ’s cartoon caption contest ( right ) is the spitting image of a Marvel comic book cover from 1962 ( left ) .
Bliss ’s editors were seemingly unaware of the resemblance , and no credit was given to the original , inked by Jack Kirby and Dick Ayers .
And yes , life is now imitating Seinfeld episode # 169 , in which The New Yorker publishes a Ziggy cartoon inadvertently plagiarized by “ some charlatan ” ( Elaine ) .
The connection was exposed by an eagle - eyed professor at the University of Wisconsin who thought Bliss ’s cartoon looked familiar and fished out the Marvel comic from his archives .
He immediately alerted the New Yorker and , after speaking with Bliss , a spokeswoman told the Post that the cartoonist “ thought it was an overt reference , and not an attempt to plagiarize .
He thought it was a tribute . ”
The New Yorker has since amended the website to properly credit the original source .
Lucky for them the snafu came to light after the contest was closed , so they did n’t have to deal with a flood of clever caption submissions reading : “ The New Yorker is stealing my ideas . ”
UPDATE : A reader points out that Neil Gaiman , The Sandman creator and an acquaintance of Bliss , has dipped his oar in : " It 's hard not to feel that Prof .
Lammers has sort of missed why it 's funny -- it 's because it 's a Jack Kirby monster and a Harry Bliss man .
That 's the point . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - As Republican presidential candidate John McCain starts thinking through who he wants as a vice presidential running mate , he may find that many potential picks carry risks as well as rewards .
Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) ( R ) gestures for the cashier to keep the change after paying for a slice of pizza at Verrazano Pizza during a campaign stop in the Brooklyn borough in New York April 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
Political experts say McCain has many difficult choices to make on a running mate .
If he pick a conservative , he risks alienating the moderate voters he prizes .
If he picks a centrist , he should brace himself for the conservative fallout .
Take for example ex-Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , whom McCain defeated for the Republican presidential nomination .
Romney has made clear he would not mind being No. 2 .
But social conservatives remember that Romney supported abortion rights in Massachusetts before switching to a more conservative stance in his presidential race .
“ If Gov. Romney is on your ticket , many social conservative voters will consider their values repudiated by the Republican Party and will either stay away from the polls this November or only vote down the ticket , ” said a letter sent to McCain and signed by 20 leading social conservatives .
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice has been in news reports so much recently as a vice presidential possibility that a WNBC / Marist poll found McCain and Rice would defeat , in New York state , a Democratic ticket of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
Rice denies she is interested in what would be her first political race .
McCain told ABC ’s “ The View ” on Thursday that he had not talked to her about it .
“ I have not , but all of us admire Condoleezza Rice .
She ’s a great American .
She ’s been a role model to all of us , ” he said .
EASY TARGET
Rice would carry risks , however , as an easy target for Democrats who accuse McCain of basically mimicking the policies of unpopular President George W. Bush .
Republican strategist John Feehery said that Rice , who is black , could help balance a McCain ticket against either Obama , who would be America ’s first black president , or Clinton , who would be the first woman president .
“ It would be a historic choice , ” he said .
“ But I just do n’t sense that it ’s based on reality . ”
What about some of the other Republicans whom McCain defeated for the nomination ?
They also carry baggage .
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani was never trusted by conservatives for his positions on abortion and gay rights .
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee is considered too inexperienced to be a heartbeat away from the presidency .
Former Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson never really energized crowds on the campaign trail .
“ There are a deep bench of presidential candidates but a thinner bench for vice presidential candidates , ” said Ken Weinstein , a political expert at the Hudson Institute .
“ A number of the presidential candidates would be tough sells . ”
McCain gets along famously with Connecticut Independent Sen. Joe Lieberman , a moderate who would appeal to independents .
But conservatives remember Lieberman as the vice presidential running mate for Democrat Al Gore in 2000 .
GOVERNORS BECKON
A number of Republican state governors are believed to be on McCain ’s list of 20 - or - so candidates , such as Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist and South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford .
There is also former Ohio Rep. Rob Portman , who was Bush ’s budget director .
None of them has a particularly high national profile .
But they could help McCain capture a battleground state in the November election .
Grover Norquist , head of the conservative group Americans For Tax Reform , said McCain should reduce the importance of the vice presidential pick by first naming people he would appoint to other critical positions .
For example , he could say a conservative , former Texas Republican Sen .
Phil Gramm , would be his treasury secretary , and conservative lawyer Ted Olson would lead McCain ’s effort to find federal judges .
In the end , however , there is a simple requirement for McCain , according to Todd Harris , a Republican strategist who was a McCain spokesman in his 2000 presidential bid .
“ Regardless of which way he goes , I think he should pick someone who he is personally comfortable with , because unlike so many in Washington , he is not particularly good at faking friendships , ” Harris said .
Second portrait : December 22 2003
At night he was restless , he told me , and kept turning things over in his mind .
He cried a lot .
But he did n’t talk about what was troubling him .
In fact he hardly talked at all and his silence felt like a reproach to those around him .
But there was one thing that Peter Kelling followed to the very last and that was the fortunes of the local football team .
Until the day he died , every game was recorded on the chart on the door of his room
Photograph : Walter Schels / Wellcome Trust
At OLPC 's Global Country workshop today , founder Nick Negroponte unveiled the next - gen XO Laptop , and it totally blows the original away .
About half the XO 1.0's size and more like a foldable book , it does away with the keyboard and trackpad to go totally touchscreen — that 's right , dual touchscreens , straight out of the future , like a kid 's book in Minority Report .
Folded all the way out , the displays work like a single continuous one , for say , a sweet game of Pong .
Like XO 1.0 , the display by Pixel - Qi will look fine indoors or in bright sunlight .
Unfortunately , it really is from the future : Due in 2010 , they 're aiming for $ 75 and one - watt power consumption .
Update : High - res shots and full press release , and they 're calling it XOXO , or XO - 2 .
Interestingly , in this clip from Laptop Mag , Negroponte says that part of the reason they 're unveiling the design so early is that they 're hoping people will copy it — a radically different stance from the first time around , when riffs on the concept of a cheap subnotebook by competitors basically slew the original XO .
Good to see a more enlightened view .
In other OLPC news , Give 1 , Get 1 will start back up in August or September .
Man , I want one of these , and I 'm not even in a Third World country .
Or Alabama .
Cambridge , Mass. , May 20 , 2008 - One Laptop per Child ( OLPC ) , a non-profit organization focused on providing educational tools to help children in developing countries " learn learning , " announced today that work is already underway on a second - generation version of its revolutionary XO laptop computer .
Leveraging new advances in technology , the primary goal of the " XO - 2 " will be to advance new concepts of learning as well as to further drive down the cost of the laptop so that it is affordable for volume purchase by developing nations .
" Based on feedback from governments , educators and most important , from the children themselves , we are aggressively working to lower the cost , power and size of the XO laptop so that it is more affordable and useable by the world 's poorest children , " said Nicholas Negroponte , founder and chairman of One Laptop per Child .
" The delivery of the first generation XO laptop has sparked tremendous global interest in the project and provided valuable input on how to make the XO laptop an even better learning tool moving forward . "
" One Laptop per Child and the XO laptop are crucial to the fulfillment of the proposed UN Ninth Millennium Goal : to ensure that every child between the ages of 6 and 12 has immediate access to a personal laptop computer by 2015 , said , Nirj Deva , Member of the European Parliament .
" It 's only through access to education that young people will be able to develop the skills necessary to compete globally and to develop the solutions required to break the cycles of poverty , disease and malnutrition .
Learning unites the child with the world , binds the village into a community , and joins that community to the global village . "
The first generation XO laptop went into production in early November 2007 , and there are approximately 600,000 units in deployment in a number of countries including Peru , Uruguay , Mongolia , Haiti , Rwanda , Mexico , Cambodia , Ethiopia , Ghana , Iraq , Afghanistan , and the US and Canada ( as a result of the Give One Get One charitable giving campaign that ran last November 12 - December 31 , 2007 ) .
Key goals for the XO - 2 include :
Cost Reduction -
Set in early 2005 , the original target price of the XO laptop was $ 100 .
Although that target has not yet been met ( it is now at $ 188 ) , it is clear that OLPC must aim for an even lower target price of $ 75 .
New developments in display , processor and other hardware and software technologies will make it possible to achieve the $ 75 target in the future .
Lower Power Consumption -
While the first generation XO laptop already requires just one - tenth ( 2 - 4 watts versus 20 - 40 watts ) of the electrical power necessary to run a standard laptop , the XO - 2 will reduce power consumption even further to 1 watt .
This is particularly important for children in remote and rural environments where electricity is scarce or non-existent .
Lowering the power consumption will reduce the amount of time required for children to generate power themselves via a hand crank or other manual mechanisms .
Smaller Footprint -
The XO - 2 laptop will be about half the size of the first generation device and will approximate the size of a book .
The new design will make the XO laptop lighter and easier for children to carry with them to and from school or wherever they go .
The XO - 2 will continue to be in a green and white case and sport the XO logo in a multitude of colors that allow children to personalize the laptop as their own possession .
Enhanced Book Experience - Dual - touch sensitive displays will be used to enhance the e-book experience , with a dual - mode display similar to the current XO laptop .
The design provides a right and left page in vertical format , a hinged laptop in horizontal format , and a flat two - screen wide continuous surface that can be used in tablet mode .
Younger children will be able to use simple keyboards to get going , and older children will be able to switch between keyboards customized for applications as well as for multiple languages .
The dual - touch display is being designed by Pixel Qi , which was founded in early 2008 by Mary Lou Jepsen , former chief technology officer of One Laptop per Children and a leading expert on display technology .
Japan 's relies heavily on exports to the US
Japanese growth held steady in the fourth quarter , despite fears the economy may suffer from a US downturn .
The country revised its forecast down to 3.5 % on an annualised rate from 3.7 % in the period from October to December .
But economists now warn that Japan , which relies heavily on exports to the US , is likely to have been hit hard in the first quarter of this year .
Uncertainty about the resilience of the economy comes as the government faces a power vacuum at its central bank .
The cabinet office said the main reason for the downward revision stemmed from lower business investment than forecast during the quarter .
Leadership uncertainty
Japan 's opposition Democratic Party has decided to veto the nomination of Toshiro Muto to be the next governor of the Bank of Japan ( BOJ ) .
The opposition said that as a former deputy finance minister , Mr Muto was too close to the government .
This means just when there is significant uncertainty around global markets , the central bank could be without a leader .
On Tuesday banks , including the US Federal Reserve , the European Central Bank and central banks in the UK , Canada and Switzerland , decided to inject billions of dollars into money markets , .
That sent shares , including those in Asia , higher on Wednesday .
Although most would not consider omniscience a reasonable requirement for a software system , it ’s nevertheless a common complaint that computer systems are not omniscient .
It ’s not often worded quite that way , but we ’re all familiar with the argument that a system ( say , a database ) must be able to represent a fact that it does n’t contain , or rather , to represent missing values somehow .
That “ somehow ” normally takes the form of a special symbol , ω ( omega ) , or “ null ” .
This special symbol is assigned to variables that have not yet been initialized , that have no meaningful value in that context , or whose value is unknown , etc .
Now , let ’s take a step back to reality .
In reality ( the world that ’s actually out there ) , things either are or are not .
Reality does n’t care if we know about it or not , and there are no facts which are n’t facts about something in particular .
And there are certainly no existents out there which are “ not yet initialized ” .
To be clear , the issue we are talking about pertains to variables in whatever language we ’re using .
A variable properly has some value , but may have any value ( of the appropriate type ) .
The notion of null is a variable which has no value at all .
It ’s my opinion that this amounts to a philosophical error known as reification of the zero .
Implications of Null
A software system models some abstraction from reality .
To model the facts of reality ( or a virtual reality ) , a very simple logical system suffices , since things either are or are not ( law of the excluded middle ) .
A simple enough system represents only facts about reality ( or , rather , abstractions from such facts ) , and those things which are n’t facts about reality are simply omitted .
This is not to say that it represents all facts of reality ( that would be absurd ) , but only the ones about which we have something to say in the context of our system .
For a simple but contrived example , let ’s make a kind of language that represents facts about people ’s birthdays .
We have a type of expression saying “ The birthday of Person p is on Date d. ” Call it a logical theorem that there exists some person p whose birthday is on some date d.
To prove this theorem , one merely needs to supply some ( but any ) person who has some ( but any ) birthday .
According to the Curry - Howard isomorphism , we could think of it as a function , a constructor of values of a specific type .
Call the type and the constructor function BD , and let it take two arguments , p and d , which represent a person and a date , respectively , yielding values of the form BD ( p , d ) .
Now comes the question of what to do when a fact is not yet known , not applicable , or ca n’t be found out ( because of some error , for example ) .
There are some options for representation here , of which , I will consider two .
For example , in a system that tracks people ’s birthdays , we could handle unknown birthdays in two ways :
State that the fact is unknown , using a new kind of expression : “ Person p has an unknown birthday . ”
If this were a programming language , it would be something like a function UB which takes a value p and returns a value of the form UB ( p ) .
It ’s like a logical formula with one variable p , such that any value for p provides a proof of the hypothesis that there exists some person whose birthday is unknown .
Create a special null value called ω , such that for an unknown birthday , we would simply say : “ The birthday of person p is on date ω “ , or : BD ( p , ω ) , for some p .
Or if the person , whose birthday it is , is unknown : BD ( ω , d ) , for some d .
These are different approaches to the problem in a profound way .
In the former , we have stayed within the framework of representing “ that which is ” , i.e. truths only , and used the semantics of the language to represent facts about the unknown ( the fact that it is unknown ) .
In the latter , we have imported the notion of the unknown , from the meta - level , into our algebra .
As far as our algebra is concerned , ω is a kind of something that is nothing in particular and has no specific type .
It has become a way of formalizing vagueness in our logic .
We have in fact changed the logic of our language in such a way that the Curry - Howard isomorphism no longer holds , and the law of excluded middle is no longer applicable .
Supplying null for either of the variables of BD ( p , d ) creates a value of the form BD ( p , d ) that is not a proof of the logical formula that BD ( p , d ) represents .
Observe that “ The birthday of person John is on date ω ” does not constitute a proof of the hypothesis that there exists some person p whose birthday is on some date d.
In short , the difference between these two approaches is that the former treats the fact that something is unknown as just another fact , using grammar that already exists , while the latter is an attempt to formalize “ unknown ” as a new grammatical construct .
But once we invite null into the system , we have to come up with the semantics for how to handle it .
We have to ask the question : “ What exactly do we mean by null ? ”
For every operator , we must decide what it means for one of its operands to be null .
What does ω = ω yield ?
In some languages ( most imperative programming languages ) , ω is considered equal to itself .
In others , it ’s considered an error to even ask the question , resulting in a runtime error or a non-terminating program .
In yet others ( SQL ) , such an operation always yields ω itself .
This last kind is a kind of three - valued logic , which is fraught with difficulties .
For example , in SQL , A=A is not true for all values of A .
In other words , we have arrived at a logic in which the law of identity is not a tautology !
The implication of this last point is that a Boolean expression in such a system is to be considered valid even though it is neither true nor false .
This means we can’t consider such a system to deal with propositions , since all valid propositions are either true or false ( a proposition that is neither true nor false is arbitrary , i.e. invalid ) .
From the standpoint of propositional logic , then , a database is corrupt to the extent that it contains nulls .
In fact , once we allow it , we may find that we need more than one kind of null , with differing semantics depending on what we mean by it in that context .
One kind may mean “ unknown ” , another might mean “ inapplicable ” , and of course we might need a third to say that “ we do not know if this is applicable or not ” .
When taken to its logical conclusion , this leads to an explosion of kinds of null .
As a concrete example , consider a database that tracks people ’s death dates .
For the predicate Person p has a death Date of d , one might need at least three kinds of null : one to say that the person is not yet dead ( inapplicable ) , another to say that the person is dead , but we do n’t know when they died ( unknown ) , and a third to say that we do n’t know whether or not they have died ( unknown whether or not a value is applicable ) .
And this is just one really simple example .
But in practice , the meaning of null is often decided ad hoc by the user of the system or language , and may even not be decided at all , in which case the result of a program employing nulls has been consigned to chance to some degree .
Obviating Null
It should be abundantly clear that introducing null into a language is not much of a solution to anything .
We do n’t do that with natural language , and certainly not in formal logic , so why do it with programming languages ?
I believe it ’s partially because people are used to thinking of a programming language as a machine rather than a logic .
They are still thinking in terms of initializing pointers or registers and transitioning between memory states .
But the power of languages is to abstract these things away , so that we can concentrate on the algebra while the machine does the arithmetic .
Yet , I think we owe the acceptance of null largely to the fact that people are used to sloppy thinking .
They ’re used to treating nothing as if it were a thing , and using concepts of which they only know the approximate meaning .
Fortunately , there are real - world solutions for obviating the notion of null .
Functional programming , for example , does away with it by employing monads .
Haskell has the Maybe monad which is an abstraction from case analysis such that a value of type Maybe A can take one of two possible forms : Nothing or Just a where a is a value of type A .
This might seem like it ’s the same thing as null , but the fact that only certain operations are defined on the Maybe type class ( i.e. it ’s a monoid ) keeps everything well defined .
This concept is applicable to any language that supports functional style , and can even be implemented in Ruby .
In some other languages , this monad is called Option .
In the realm of databases , work is being done on more abstract database languages than most of us are used to .
Chris Date and Hugh Darwen have been instrumental in putting database systems on the sound theoretical footing of predicate logic , although products based on their research are largely in the early stages of development .
Why do I get a “ socket error ” message ?
An error may result from having the speed test open in more than one browser tab or window .
The test may fail to complete and display the following message :
“ A socket error occurred during the Upload test .
Please try again later . ”
To prevent this error , and get the most accurate test results , close all other browser tabs and windows before running .
If you continue to get a socket error message , or another type of error message , please provide feedback by emailing us at speedtestfeedback@fusionconnect.com .
Please , include your OS / Browser information .
Why is the location I usually pick missing from the City list ?
We first complete a latency test to our servers , and if a server does not respond within a specified time frame , it is not included in the City list .
A slow response can be caused by latency or packet - loss between the client and server , or particularly high Internet usage ( during peak hours ) .
Do try the test again in a little while .
In which browsers does the Speed Test work best ?
For best results , use the most recent version of your favorite browser .
But at minimum use Firefox 53 , Chrome 59 , Safari 10 , IE 11 , or Edge 13 or higher .
If you are unable to see Speed Test , though other content appears on the speed test page , check your browser 's security setting .
Try lowering the setting from High to Medium - High , or even a bit lower , to allow the broadband test application to load .
Why am I receiving “ Could not connect to the Internet ” errors when I am connected ?
In some cases , firewall and security software can prevent the test from running and generate a " could not connect " error .
Temporarily lowering the severity should allow the broadband test to run .
Be sure to turn it back on before leaving our website .
Why did n’t the test choose the server location nearest me ?
Our Speed Test automatically detects the optimal server host location for testing , which is not necessarily the closest server host .
This is due to real - time network circumstances like number of hops , or current traffic load on each test server .
Change the selection using the Change City drop down function directly underneath the Start Test button .
Why is my speed lower than expected ?
Several factors may slow your connection , resulting in lower - than - expected speeds .
Try these simple suggestions below .
But if your slower speeds persist , contact your broadband service provider to see if they can determine the issue .
Be sure to stop any downloads or programs that may be using your connection while running the test .
When using a wireless connection , there may be wireless interference .
Try using a wired Ethernet connection instead .
Try rebooting your modem or router and then running the test again .
What is “ Throughput ” and what factors affect my results ?
There are many factors that impact your speed test results .
Throughput problems in your local area network , IP or access overhead , and network design all play a role .
Please read the definitions and examples below to learn more about these factors .
Download
Download is a measure of how fast your connection delivers content to your computer or local area network .
Download is a measure of how fast your connection delivers content to your computer or local area network .
Upload
Upload is the measure of how fast content is delivered from your computer or local area network to others on the Internet .
For businesses or power - users , download and upload speed should match or at least be very close .
This is important for applications like VoIP , on - line gaming and other interactive programs .
Upload speed is even more important if you are operating a server at your location .
If achieving optimal upload speed is a concern , consider Ethernet or T1 services .
Upload is the measure of how fast content is delivered from your computer or local area network to others on the Internet .
For businesses or power - users , download and upload speed should match or at least be very close .
This is important for applications like VoIP , on - line gaming and other interactive programs .
Upload speed is even more important if you are operating a server at your location .
If achieving optimal upload speed is a concern , consider Ethernet or T1 services .
Kbps
Kbps transfer rate = kilobit per second transfer rate .
There are 8 bits in a byte , so we would divide kbps by 8 to get KB / sec transfer rate .
Kbps transfer rate = kilobit per second transfer rate .
There are 8 bits in a byte , so we would divide kbps by 8 to get KB / sec transfer rate .
Mbps
Mbps transfer rate = megabits per second transfer rate .
1000 kilobits equals one megabit .
One megabit per second equals 1 million bits per second .
Mbps is the industry - standard used by ISPs .
Mbps transfer rate = megabits per second transfer rate .
1000 kilobits equals one megabit .
One megabit per second equals 1 million bits per second .
Mbps is the industry - standard used by ISPs .
MBps
MegaBytes per second .
There are 8 megabits in one megabyte .
MegaBytes per second .
There are 8 megabits in one megabyte .
Transfer Rate
Transfer rate is speed at which data can be transmitted between devices .
As files to download become increasingly larger , the highest data transfer rate is most desirable .
Throughput
Throughput is the maximum amount of communication or messaging that can be transmitted through a communication channel during an elementary unit of time , usually , in a second .
Depending on the type of channel , the addressing mechanism used in that channel , the type of messages are being transmitted and how secure the transmission needs to be — along with physical attributes like temperature , humidity and signal - to - noise ratios — actual measured throughput will vary .
An Example of Throughput
You have Ethernet 8.0 Mbps service and need to transmit an email which is exactly 1MB in size
You may expect it will take exactly 1 second to transmit that message .
But it will actually take longer as the total information that needs to be transmitted is more than 1MB .
The total information is called Payload .
The channel needs to not only transmit the payload but also some addressing details like where it is coming from and where it is destined to .
The device that sends this email will break down the message into smaller pieces and package them into what are called IP Packets .
The size of these packets is usually determined by your Local Area Network .
Some have smaller size , so the message will take more IP Packets to transmit ; while others may have larger size which needs fewer IP Packets .
Each IP Packet also contains an IP Header .
This is where the information like the source IP Address , the destination IP Address and additional information about the payload is included .
IP Header is usually 20 Bytes ( 160 Bits ) long .
Assuming that this customer uses 100 Byte payload , each IP Packet will now be 120 Bytes long .
And that 1MB message will have to be broken down into 10,000 payload pieces .
That means to transmit the whole message the channel really needs to transmit about 1,200,000 Bytes or 1.2 MB or 9,600,000 bits .
It will take at least 1.2 seconds to transmit all these bytes on this 8
Mbps service assuming that all these IP packets with the payload arrive without any errors and not needing re-transmission .
This is called IP Overhead .
Actual Throughput will always be less than line rate of the access service that is communicated by your provider — and this is all based on IP Overhead only .
Ethernet services also have a Layer 2 or Ethernet Overhead .
Other services may have ATM , Frame Relay or other kinds of Overhead depending on the design .
All of this may contribute to a slower bandwidth throughput than what you are expecting .
Other frequent factors influencing throughput :
The number of devices sharing the access circuit and the activity the other devices are generating while the test is running
A rogue LAN port that is clogging the LAN with transmission
A leaky LAN port which degrades LAN performance
LAN signaling issues which create a lot of packet re-transmission for the devices on the LAN
LAN Router with performance issues , low processing power or Deep Packet Inspection and advanced security features like URL blocking enabled
Wireless Access Points on the LAN side
Distance ( both geographical as well as number of hops ) between the speed testing client and the server
Why do I see a license expiration notice ?
This notice is in place to protect our test from being stolen and run , mirrored , or framed into another website .
To remove this notice :
Make sure you are going to https://www.speakeasy.net/speedtest/.
We have software in place to block the test from being used in any other domain .
Also , you may have an older version of the test cached in your browser .
Clearing your cache and Fusion Connect cookies should make the license expiration notice disappear .
How does security software and firewalls impact the test ?
Our internet broadband test sends packets of empty data back and forth to your computer in order to test your line speed .
Since we are a third - party sending a receiving a tiny data packet from your computer to perform the test , some ad block or security services interpret this as an attack and act accordingly .
Temporarily lowering the severity should allow the speed test to work .
Be sure to turn it back on before leaving our website .
How do I save my bandwidth test results ?
Your most recent speed test results are saved in your Results History when tested on desktop or tablet .
Blacksburg , Va. --
The ubiquity of mineral nanoparticles in natural waters , the atmosphere , and in soils and their intriguing properties provide Earth scientists with another dimension in which to understand our planet .
So states a team of scientists from seven universities in a review article in the March 21 , 2008 , issue of Science , " Nanominerals , Mineral Nanoparticles , and Earth Chemistry . "
The way minerals influence earth is more complex than previously thought .
Physical , chemical , and biological processes on Earth are either influenced or driven by the physical and chemical properties of minerals , of which 4,500 species have been described .
Minerals have an enormous range of physical and chemical properties due to a wide range of composition and structure , including particle size .
When the National Science Foundation wanted expert opinion on the important questions that need to be addressed in order to advance the understanding of nanoparticles in the environment , they contacted Michael Hochella Jr. to assemble a group of " cutting - edge young scientists with new ideas , " he said .
Hochella , university distinguished professor of geobiosciences at Virginia Tech , is a pioneer in the field whose research is funded by NSF , among others .
" While we were together , we thought , why not write our study and submit it to Science , " Hochella said .
" The article looks at the field , where it 's come from , where it 's going , and how it is going to change the way we think about geoscience and the world , " he said .
A perspective article is a great challenge to write , considering Science 's limits on length and number of citations , he added .
The authors are Hochella ; his former Ph.D. students Steven K. Lower , now a professor in the School of Earth Sciences and School of Environment and Natural Resources at the Ohio State University , and Patricia A. Maurice , now professor of civil engineering and geological sciences and director of the Center for Environmental Sciences and Technology at the University of Notre Dame ; along with R. Lee Penn assistant professor of chemistry at the University of Minnesota ; Nita Sahai , associate professor of geology and geophysics at the University of Wisconsin - Madison ; Donald L. Sparks , chair of plant and soil sciences and professor in three departments at the University of Delaware ; and Benjamin S. Twining , assistant professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the University of South Carolina .
Minerals , it is generally agreed , are naturally occurring crystalline substances having a characteristic and defined chemical composition .
Each mineral expresses a set of specific physical and chemical properties .
In addition , nanominerals have one critical difference .
They express a range of physical and chemical properties depending on their size and shape .
" This difference changes our view of the diversity and complexity of minerals and how they influence Earth systems , " Hochella said .
Where nanominerals are
Nanominerals are widely distributed throughout the atmosphere , oceans , surface and ground waters , and soils , and in most living organisms , and even within proteins .
Oceans may be the principal reservoir , since they cover 70 percent of the Earth 's surface .
There , nanominerals can come from processes associated with both living and non-living things , Hochella said .
" Every mineral goes through a nanophase stage as it begins to grow .
If they begin to grow at many sites , but do n't continue to grow much after they form , you will end up with a lot of them and they may persist . "
In addition to growth and weathering , mineral nanoparticles can be generated from mechanical grinding .
One of the most interesting and important places where this happens is along earthquake - generating faults in the Earth 's crust , reported by several researchers cited in the review .
There is a distinction between clusters of atoms and nanoparticles , Hochella said .
" The difference seems to be that clusters start to approach the size of the smallest nanoparticles , but the atoms in many of these small clusters are not packed very tightly together .
They are not dense .
The nanoparticles represent a much denser packing of atoms , more like a real mineral , or at least approaching the atomic packing density of a larger mineral . "
The essence of nanoscience is observing , measuring , and understanding the variations of properties and reactivities as a function of size and shape .
Structural variations that respond to size change or surface area change may include expansion and contraction of bonds , changes in bond angles , and variations in population and distribution of vacancies and other defects such as steps , kinks , edges , and corners .
In the smallest nanoparticles , this results in a redistribution of electronic structure that affects reaction characteristics with the outside world .
Measurement of these aspects remains a great challenge and priority for future mineralogists , the authors note .
The size at which properties and reactivities change can be measured and depends upon the mineral , whether it is a metal , semiconductor , or insulator , and on the property being measured , whether optical , mechanical , or electrical .
Chemical interactions also change .
For example , seven nanometer hematite -- a common iron oxide mineral -- catalyzes the oxidation of manganese ions ( Mn2 + ) one to two orders of magnitude faster than does a 37 - nanometer hematite crystal , resulting in the rapid formation of the manganese oxide minerals that are important heavy metal sorbants in water and soils .
Thermodynamic considerations in the nano - range are just as critical to predicting whether a biogeochemical reaction will occur .
In the smallest particles , surface energies can dominate and dictate which structure of a mineral will be stable .
Solubility 's of nanophases are also different than their larger counterparts .
" But experiments have shown that nanoparticles may or may not be more soluble than larger particles , " Hochella said .
How nanoparticles influence earth chemistry
An example of the impact of nanoparticles is how they nurture ocean - dwelling phytoplankton , which removes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
Phytoplankton growth is limited by iron availability , the authors report , citing research by J. Wu , E. Boyle , W. Sunda , L.S. Wen , and B.A. Berquist in two articles from 2001 and 2007 .
Iron in the ocean is composed of nanocolloids , nanominerals , and mineral nanoparticles , which is supplied by rivers , glaciers , and atmospheric deposition .
Nanoscale reactions resulting in the formation of phytoplankton biominerals such as calcium carbonate are also important influences on oceanic and global carbon cycling .
Another example is the movement of harmful heavy metals in the Earth 's critical zone .
In ongoing research at the Clark Fork River Superfund Complex in Montana , Hochella 's group discovered a nanocrystalline vernadite - like mineral ( a manganese oxyhydroxide ) involved in the movement of lead , arsenic , copper , and zinc hundred of miles in the river drainage basin .
Radionuclides can also be moved , the review reports .
Research by A.P. Novikov ( 2006 ) at one of the most contaminated nuclear sites in the world , a nuclear waste reprocessing plant in Mayak , Russian , has shown that plutonium has traveled in local groundwater , carried by nanoparticles of less than 15 nanometers .
In the atmosphere , nanoparticles impact heating and cooling .
The characteristics of atmospheric nanoparticles is critical and is now being studied by a large number of scientists .
One observation is that such particles act as water drop growth centers , which is critical to cloud formation .
The size and density of droplets dictates solar radiation scattering ability and cloud longevity , which influence average global temperatures .
The authors conclude that " The biogeochemical and ecological impacts of natural and synthetic nanomaterials is one of the fastest growing areas of research today , with not only vital scientific , but also large environmental , economic , and political consequences " .
###
Learn more about the Hochella group at www.geochem.geos.vt.edu/hochella/
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Members of the opposite sex can spot whether someone is after a one - night stand or something more permanent just by looking at their face , scientists said on Wednesday .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
On men , a square jaw , large nose and small eyes are more likely to betray the look of lust than of love .
Women found men with softer features more likely to opt for commitment .
But the Durham University - led research found that while men can judge whether a woman is footloose - and - fancy - free or not , there is no common facial detail to explain it .
About 700 heterosexual people took part in the survey carried out by Durham , St. Andrews and Aberdeen universities .
In one study , 72 percent of the 153 participants correctly identified the sexual attitudes of a group of men and women in their 20s after being shown photographs or facial images .
Published in the journal “ Evolution and Human Behaviour ” , the research also showed that women who were open to short - term sexual relationships were usually seen as more attractive .
They tended to have wide eyes and large lips , such as the actress Angelina Jolie .
Women were usually interested in men who appeared to be more likely to want a long - term relationship .
The research tended to confirm earlier findings which found that women see masculine men as more likely to be unfaithful and worse at parenting .
The men and women also tended to opt for complete opposites .
Dr Lynda Boothroyd , from Durham University ’s Psychology Department , said : “ This shows that these initial impressions may be part of how we assess potential mates -- or potential rivals -- when we first meet them .
“ These will then give way over time to more in - depth knowledge of that person as you get to know them better , and may change with age . ”
Dr Ben Jones , from the University of Aberdeen ’s Face Research Lab , said : “ Lots of previous studies have shown that people can judge a lot about a person from their face , including things like health and even some personality traits like introversion , but this really is the first study to show that people are also sensitive to subtle facial signals about the type of romantic relationships that others might enjoy . ”
Grand Theft Auto -- and it WILL be temporary , as he 'll get bored of it when his viewers do .
Here we see him talking to Dr. Cheryl Olson , co-author of Grand Theft Childhood , and as you can tell from his flabbergasted face , Beck seems quite disappointed that she 's an expert who , for once , is NOT saying things he agrees with .
Glenn
Beck has clearly gotten a taste for blood , as he continues his temporary crusade against -- and it WILL be temporary , as he 'll get bored of it when his viewers do .
Here we see him talking to Dr. Cheryl Olson , co-author of , and as you can tell from his flabbergasted face , Beck seems quite disappointed that she 's an expert who , for once , is NOT saying things he agrees with .
It 's quite enjoyable watching him struggle to find a way to twist the argument back into the " GTA is evil " sentiment after Dr. Olson undermines his entire point .
His shallow attempts to cash in on the controversy ( ironic that HE 's the one who says " M " stands for " Money " ) come to a head when he randomly , for no reason , blurts this little gem of wisdom out during the interview :
I will tell you that all these video gamers … they ’re bloggers , as well as video gamers - they ’re writing all kinds of stuff about me [ that ]
I ’m the enemy now of video gamers .
I could care less about video games .
Video game bloggers ?
They ’re losers …
Yup , that 's us .
The very same bloggers you guys rely on to look trendy and cool nowadays are losers .
I 'm not even offended by that , actually .
If Mr. Beck wants to tar an entire blogging industry with the loser - brush , that 's his business .
Our business , however , is posting a YouTube of his stupid ramblings so we can all get hits off it , without providing a single shred of a f*cking rating to CNN .
So suck that one down , mate .
[ Thanks to Jeffrey Strike ]
All my best L.A. memories are about girls or taco trucks .
There ’s something shockingly vivid about having great tacos out of a truck -- standing outside , wind in your hair , chowing down with all the homies , hipsters , off - duty cops , nurses , professors and homeless dudes .
People are pretty cheerful around a taco truck ; they smile , they talk .
On a good night , the crowd around a taco truck is the closest thing we have to a unified Los Angeles soul .
Maybe it ’s because of what my friend , food theorist Kathy Shin , calls “ the joy of festival food . ”
It feels a bit like a party out there -- the mix of intense flavors , milling people , bright lights in the night .
Or maybe it ’s the sense of camaraderie -- that nobody knows who you are or how much you make , you ’re all there in the heat or the cold for the same reason -- good food , for cheap .
Or maybe it ’s just because some of the trucks offer the most gloriously energetic food in this city -- tacos that are like bullets of spiky , oniony happiness .
Which is why what the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors has done terrifies me .
On Wednesday , the supervisors passed a harsh set of regulations for unincorporated county areas .
Parking a taco truck in one spot for longer than an hour is now punishable by a fine of up to $ 1,000 , or six months in jail , or both .
Developers and restaurant owners , particularly in East L.A. , are pushing for tougher enforcement too .
These changes , say some truck owners , will probably put them out of business .
This is a cultural disaster .
Forget the Getty -- it ’s the taco trucks , and their crowds , that are the true culture of L.A.
Attacking the trucks is like New York going after its hot dog stands or Memphis banning barbecue pits .
Advertisement
And other than raw greed , I ca n’t see any reason for it .
Ron Mukai , an East L.A. developer , says the trucks are unfair competition , edging out the “ legitimate brick - and - mortar businesses . ”
But the county ’s 14,000 registered catering trucks seem just as legitimate as restaurants -- they ’re just providing a different service .
Restaurants provide meals , and a table to eat them at , and walls to eat them within .
Taco trucks provide food , pure and simple .
They charge less because they ’re selling less .
And that ’s why I love taco trucks :
They ’re the most efficient mechanism for converting cash into hot food .
Some days , I ’ve only got five bucks to spend , and I want every dime to go into high - quality food , not setting .
Los Angeles has always struck me as one of the most aesthetically democratic of cities .
The beaches are public , half the museums are free and culinary glory is sold at every street corner for almost nothing .
It ’s paradise for the impoverished food lover .
So these new regulations do n’t just attack taco trucks , they hurt eaters , especially poor eaters .
In a lot of places in town , it ’s the only meal you can get for three or four bucks .
And in some places , it ’s a great meal for three or four bucks .
Taco trucks live and die by the quality of their food , so they tend to have , on average , better chow than full restaurants with the same type of food .
And because trucks can move to where there are customers , there ’s higher turnover , and hence , fresher food .
They meet a precise need for that large hunk of the marketplace that cares a lot about the food and not at all about the premises -- sort of like Amazon.com , but with pork .
Which is why , I suppose , they ’re an economic threat .
Advertisement
They ’re good for Los Angeles too .
The reason so many people think of L.A. as a community - less disaster of urban sprawl is the lifelessness of our sidewalks .
Right now , in a lot of streets , the taco trucks are the only spots of humanity -- bright little oases of meat and cheer in the night .
So go out to your local taco truck and have a taco .
Or , if you know the location of one of the few trucks that make them , have a cemitas poblanas , a Central Mexican sandwich of fried meat , fresh avocado slices , chipotle chile paste and Oaxacan string cheese .
Or try an atole -- a hot , thick corn drink , spiked with sticks of cinnamon , best enjoyed on a cool night outside a taco truck .
Put your paper plate down on the trunk of your car , lean back , take a breath of fresh air , sip your atole , and enjoy it while you can .
A secret interrogation centre in Pakistan where British terrorism suspects are alleged to have been tortured after UK authorities had them arrested has been found by the Guardian .
The centre , run by the country 's Inter - Services Intelligence agency ( ISI ) , is in the Saddar district of Rawalpindi .
It is surrounded by high walls and watchtowers , and bristling with surveillance cameras .
So notorious is the ISI that local photographers are reluctant to take pictures of the centre , although satellite images are readily available .
A British citizen says he was driven there in 2004 , held for 10 months and tortured .
Salahuddin Amin , now aged 33 , had moved to Pakistan three years earlier from Luton , Bedfordshire .
Amin was eventually returned to the UK and successfully prosecuted .
His trial heard that he was interviewed by officers from the British security service MI5 several times during his detention .
His lawyers allege ISI officers beat and whipped him , and threatened him with an electric drill , in between the MI5 interviews , and that the British officers must have known he was being mistreated .
A second British citizen , aged 33 and from Manchester , who was arrested at the request of British authorities , is thought to have been held at the same place .
The man , who can not be named for legal reasons , has described being hooded and driven to a detention centre that resembles Amin 's account .
He was deprived of sleep and whipped , the man says , and an ISI officer used pliers to pull out three fingernails from his left hand .
He says he was then interviewed by two British officials .
His lawyers suspect they were from MI5 .
Two other British citizens have said they were tortured by the ISI before being questioned by British counter - terrorism officials .
Lawyers say there is evidence MI5 instigated the torture of British citizens or , at very least , turned a blind eye to their mistreatment .
Last month , the Guardian disclosed how the allegations are to be aired in forthcoming court cases , including a terrorism trial , a criminal appeal and a civil action being pursued by one of the alleged victims .
MI5 declined to comment , but pointed to evidence given to the all - party intelligence and security committee about training it gives its agents regarding the possible mistreatment of detainees by foreign intelligence agencies .
Guidance for officers questioning detainees held overseas states : " The security and intelligence agencies do not participate in , solicit , encourage or condone the use of torture or inhuman and degrading treatment . "
Amin says he was one of several prisoners kept in an underground block of 10 small cells , each with a mattress and a pillow .
The torture , he says , took place nearby in a carpeted room with bright overhead lights , a table , several chairs and a small wooden stool where prisoners were expected to sit .
In one corner of the room was a camera .
He says that sometimes he would be hooded and driven for 20 minutes to meet two MI5 officers ; on other occasions they would question him in the room where he had been tortured .
Among other people thought to have been tortured at the Rawalpindi centre is an innocent taxi driver who was caught up in the investigation of Amin .
Ezaj Rabanni , 38 , was interrogated for several days about the whereabouts of Amin , who had been his passenger several times and whom the ISI had been unable to locate .
" They beat me for half an hour or so on the first day and they whipped me with a leather belt , " Rabanni said in a statement taken before Amin was tried at the Old Bailey .
" I could n't see them because I had a hood over my head the whole time .
They kept asking me about Salahuddin , asking me where he was .
They beat me the second day and the third day .
I could n't protect myself - my hands were shackled behind my back the whole time .
" Then I heard the sound of an electric drill being switched on .
I could feel the drill touching my side and my clothes being wrapped around it .
I have never been so frightened in my life . "
Rabanni gave evidence at the Old Bailey trial that ended with Amin and four other men being jailed for life for conspiring to cause explosions in the UK .
The taxi driver now says he is too terrified to return to Pakistan , because he fears he may be arrested and tortured again because of what he said in court .
He has applied for asylum and is living in Stockton - on - Tees , Cleveland .
Questions are likely to be asked about the role of the Foreign Office , as consular officials tried to visit only two of the detainees .
The men's lawyers say consular officials must also have been aware of the detention of each of them , and known there was a strong possibility they were being tortured .
Asked about this failure , the Foreign Office said it could not act for British citizens of joint British - Pakistani nationality , as the authorities in Islamabad regarded them as being only Pakistani .
However , the Foreign Office does act on behalf of the more than 200 young people of dual nationality forced into marriage in Pakistan each year .
It has five people working full - time on such cases .
Ali Dayan Hasan , the south Asia researcher for Human Rights Watch , said : " I find it worrying that the British high commission has sought refuge behind the dual citizenship clause when it knows that the detainee 's life may be in danger and that the detention is illegal under Pakistani , British and international law . "
The Foreign Office would not say how many British citizens have been detained in Pakistan in the last decade and questioned over alleged terrorism .
Nor would it disclose how many had subsequently complained of mistreatment , saying : " We have a duty to respect the privacy of the individuals concerned . "
Asked how many complaints of mistreatment had led to investigations by British authorities , the Foreign Office replied : " None .
The British authorities are not able directly to investigate the conditions in Pakistani institutions . "
On " Verdict " last night , former Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura made the perfect case as to why same - sex marriage is a civil rights issue and that the federal government has no right to tell you " who you can fall in love with . "
I was just waiting for Buchanan 's head to explode .
Download Download
VENTURA : " Well , first of all , I made a statement when I was governor and stand by it today .
Love is bigger than government .
Who the hell are we as a government to tell people who you can fall in love with ?
I think it ‘s absurd that fact it ‘s even being debated . "
I could n't have put it better myself , Governor .
Full transcript below the fold :
MSNBC :
ABRAMS : Pat Buchanan does this become an issue in 2008 ?
BUCHANAN : Yes , I think it will because of the California Supreme Court decision which was a foolish decision , frankly , from the standpoint of the Democrats .
The Massachusetts Supreme Court decision in 2003 - 2004 put the thing on the ballot in 13 states and homosexual marriage lost by 58 percent to 85 percent in Mississippi in all 13 and it killed Kerry .
It wo n‘t be as big but it ‘s an issue Barack Obama will say , “ Marriage should be between a man and woman . ”
He will run away from it .
ABRAMS : Jesse , you ‘re shaking your head .
VENTURA : Well , first of all , I made a statement when I was governor and stand by it today .
Love is bigger than government .
Who the hell are we as a government to tell people who you can fall in love with ?
I think it ‘s absurd that fact it ‘s even being debated .
We can solve the problem simply .
Government only acknowledges civil unions then you do n‘t have to put your sex down .
Let the churches acknowledge marriage .
They are the private sectors .
If they do n‘t want to acknowledge it , they have every right to do so .
How on earth can we even entertain the fact that government should have the ability to tell you as an individual who you can fall in love with ?
Ridiculous .
ABRAMS : Jonathan , real quick .
Is this going to be an issue ?
ALTER : Let me disagree with Jesse .
ABRAMS : I want to - Let me say , get Jonathan , because I want to move on .
I mean in 2008 , this is going to become an issue .
ALTER : I think it ‘s not going to be like 2004 because it ‘s not going to be on the ballot in nearly as many states and in California where obviously it ‘s going to get very hot .
ABRAMS : Because there ‘s an economy to worry about and -
ALTER : There are a lot of more important things .
But I did think it was interesting that , you know , John McCain looked here like he had taken a trip to Ellen the orthodontist - very , very uncomfortable .
Even though his position is the same as Obama and Clinton‘s , but they are just more fluent in discussing it in ways that sort of bridge the gaps on this .
ABRAMS : Pat , final thought ?
BUCHANAN : Well , ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) marriage is a cinderblock of society .
Historically , it ‘s between a man and a woman .
It ought to be set aside for a man and a woman .
If government wants to set up civil unions and benefits for people like that , it ought to be done by elected legislators and not by un-anointed judges who are behaving more like tyrants imposing their values on us .
VENTURA : Let me throw something out .
You can‘t take a civil rights issue and put it up to a vote .
If you did that , we might still have slavery if it was allowed to be voted on .
BUCHANAN : Jesse what about -
( CROSS TALK )
VENTURA : ( UNINTELLIGIBLE ) civil rights and let people vote on it .
BUCHANAN : Well , Jesse , what are you talking about ?
The Civil Rights Act 1964 was voted on .
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 voted on by congress .
The Open Housing
Act of 1968 was done by LBJ , first went to demonstrations
by Martin Luther King .
These were done by representatives -
VENTURA : Exactly .
BUCHANAN : Not by these un-elected judges .
VENTURA : Well , and not by populace itself , Pat .
If the elected officials stand up for what ‘s right and do what ‘s right for civil rights like they did back then , I fully agree with you .
But you can‘t put a civil rights issue on the general ballot in a state and let people vote on it because if do you that , in the southern states before you can bet , they would have voted to continue slavery .
In Colombia , young women may be getting pregnant intentionally -- but not necessarily because they want to become mothers .
Sexuality education advocates differ on how best to tailor a pregnancy prevention and sexual health curriculum to reach Colombian teens .
In Colombia , one in
every five women under 19 years old is a mother or is pregnant .
The rate of teen motherhood is on the rise in
most of the Latin American countries .
In Colombia , this situation is partly the result of young women wanting to become mothers , and partly the result of young women seeking some benefits early motherhood might provide them .
According
to the 2005 National Survey on Demography and Health , carried out every five
years by Profamilia , a sexual and reproductive health provider , 42 % of the
teenagers expressed a wish to become mothers .
However , this fact does not
change the consequences of teen motherhood in terms of maternal mortality and
poverty cycle reproduction .
From
1986 and 1995 , the rate of teen motherhood increased from 70 to 89 per 1000
young women , and in 2005 it reached 90 teens per 1000 .
Why Early Motherhood ?
One
of the factors that pushed up teen pregnancy is violence resulting from the
armed conflict .
Statistics show that the
rate of teen motherhood is higher among displaced population .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Profamilia ,
which runs a program for displaced families , has concluded that teen pregnancy
is a way for poor young women to reach objectives other than motherhood .
For
instance , for such women , getting pregnant by a rich man — even if he is married to someone else — is
a way to get income for their families and to gain social status among their
neighborhood .
" For many of these displaced young
women , having a baby is a means to solving a lack of affection and income , "
said Susana Moya , national coordinator of Profamilia’s
Program for Youth .
In
addition , young mothers in poverty can apply for assistance at the Instituto de
Bienestar Familiar , a governmental body in charge of social welfare and family
care , which offers integrated assistance , including food supplies , training ,
and housing subsidies .
This social
welfare is provided only to women who are mothers .
But
not only the displaced young women are choosing to become mothers .
What could be the
causes that push other teenagers to get pregnant ?
In
addition to the early initiation of sexual relations and the lack of a comprehensive
sexual education , there are social and economic factors which push teenagers to
motherhood .
Many
women are living in aggressive environments where their rights are ignored and
violated .
Young women are often abused ;
their opinions are not taken into account within their own families , and
sometimes are suffering pressure and mistreatment from their teachers .
" They
are running away from the ‘ hell ’ they are living at home , " pointed out Germán
Salazar , coordinator of the Department for Youth from the Fundación Cardio - Infantil .
Various researchers have concluded that for poor women , having a baby accords
them more status , and a child can become their source of affection .
Diverging Views on Effective Sexuality Education
Although
sexual education at schools has a long history in Colombia ,
not all the organizations involved have similar approaches .
For some
organizations the emphasis is on values , duties and
responsibilities , encouraging teenagers to avoid sexual relations until they
feel certain they ’re ready to start their sexual life and have the resources to afford
protection methods .
" Sexual education is not talking about condoms but about values ,
and is not only a matter of sexual rights but of duties , " Germán
Salazar said .
Pro-values organizations do not promote abstinence until marriage .
They argue that " saying
no " is an option for teenagers with enough autonomy , decision - making capacity and
self - esteem , whereas it is not for those who are only taught about contraception
and safer sex methods .
Others
organizations have an approach based on sexual rights combined with the
responsible exercising of sexuality and strengthening of autonomy .
They argue that interventions have to be
done quickly and based on the current
reality , including early sexual initiation .
According to the survey mentioned above ,
the percentage of women between 25 and 49 years old that have their first
sexual relation before their fifteenth birthday passed from 8 % in 2000 to 11 % in 2005 .
" If
we wait until teenagers get high levels of self - esteem , decision - making capacity and
autonomy as preconditions to talk them about contraception methods , teen
pregnancies will continue to rise , " pointed out Susanna Moya .
The organizations that
support the pro-rights approach insist that interventions for teen motherhood prevention
and STI protection must be done , as well as sexual education programs for
self - esteem and autonomy .
However ,
representatives of both approaches agreed on the opinion that the media –
advertisements and entertainment – is playing an important role .
The media is sending messages that
tend to ignore sexual protection and is promoting sexual
relations among young audiences .
Neither the pro-values nor
the pro-rights groups support the idea that the only appropriate expression of sexuality
is within a heterosexual marriage .
Such
a position could only be seen within some Catholic groups .
Currently ,
the Ministry of Education is implementing a pilot pedagogic
methodology called Education for Sexuality and Citizenship Building in a number of cities .
This curriculum is a transversal program based on civil rights , and covers sexuality , and reproductive and
sexual health .
Teachers are being trained to develop innovative ways to develop
this transversal program .
If this innovative
program brings successful outcomes , it could be used not
only for the rest of Colombia but throughout Latin
America . ⁯
Among the cohort of Americans caught by 9/11 in their formative years , the effects of the attacks on their civic consciousness were more enduring .
The annual UCLA chart of interest in politics jumped upward in 2001 for the first time in decades and has kept rising every year since .
For most Americans the half - life of the civic boomlet after the attacks was barely six months .
Within a year measures of civic engagement had returned to the previous levels , from which they have barely budged since .
Except among young people .
Then came the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , a national tragedy , but also a vivid reminder that we are all in this together .
Civic seismometers across the land showed a sharp spike in virtually every measure of community - mindedness .
It was , I wrote at the time , not only a tragedy , but also the sort of opportunity for civic revival that comes along once or twice a century .
Just as Pearl Harbor had spawned the civic - minded " Greatest Generation , " so too Sept. 11 might turn out to produce a more civically engaged generation of young people .
Thirty - four years later that figure had plummeted to 28 percent .
In 1972 , when the vote was first extended to 18 - year - olds , turnout in the presidential election among 18 - to 24 - year - olds was a disappointing 52 percent .
But even beginning at that modest level , rates of voting in presidential elections by young people steadily fell throughout the ' 70s , '80s , and '90s , reaching barely 36 percent in 2000 .
National commissions bemoaned the seemingly inexorable increase in youthful apathy and incivism .
The National Commission on Civic Renewal said , " When we assess our country 's civic and moral condition , we are deeply troubled .
. . .
We are in danger of becoming a nation of spectators . "
Throughout the last four decades of the 20th century , young people 's engagement in American civic life declined year after year with depressing regularity .
In fall 1966 , well before the full flowering of Vietnam War protests , a UCLA poll of college freshmen nationwide found that " keeping up with politics " was a " very important " goal in their lives for fully 60 percent .
IN THE mushrooming procedural debate about Democratic superdelegates and the uncontested Florida and Michigan primaries , more is at stake than the identity of the presidential nominee or even the Democrats ' chances of victory in November .
Primaries and caucuses coast to coast in the last two months have evinced the sharpest increase in civic engagement among American youth in at least a half - century , portending a remarkable revitalization of American democracy .
But that rebirth of American civic life would be aborted if the decision rendered by millions of ordinary Americans could be overturned by a backroom deal among political insiders .
The issue is not public jurisprudence or obscure party regulations or the alleged " wisdom " of party elders , but simple playground notions of fairness .
Last month the UCLA researchers reported that " For today 's freshmen , discussing politics is more prevalent now than at any point in the past 41 years . "
This and other evidence led us and other observers to speak hopefully of a 9/11 generation , perhaps even a " new Greatest Generation . "
In the 2004 and 2006 elections , turnout among young people began at last to climb after decades of decline , reaching the highest point in 20 years in 2006 .
As we approached the presidential season of 2008 , young Americans were , in effect , coiled for civic action , not because of their stage of life , but because of the lingering effects of the unifying national crisis they had experienced in their formative years .
The exceptionally lively presidential nominating contests of this year - and , it must be said , the extraordinary candidacy of Barack Obama - have sparked into white hot flame a pile of youthful kindling that had been stacked and ready to flare for more than six years .
The 18 - year - olds first eligible to vote in 2008 were in sixth grade when the twin towers fell , and their older sisters and brothers who were college seniors in September 2001 are now 28 or 29 .
It is precisely this group , above all others in America , that has pushed participation rates in this spring 's caucuses and primaries to record levels .
Turnout in this spring 's electoral contests so far has generally been higher than in previous presidential nominating contests , but for twentysomethings the rise has been truly phenomenal - turnout often three or four times greater than ever before measured .
The 2008 elections are thus the coming - out party of this new Greatest Generation .
Their grandparents of the original Greatest Generation were the civic pillars of American democracy for more than a half - century , and at long last , just as that generation is leaving the scene , reinforcements are arriving .
Americans of every political persuasion should rejoice at this epochal swing of the generational pendulum , for it portends precisely the sort of civic renaissance for which Jeremiahs have been calling for many years .
This , then , is what is at stake in the otherwise inside - baseball controversies about superdelegates and pledged delegates and the uncontested Florida and Michigan primaries - controversies now roiling Democratic party leaders .
If the results of the caucuses and primaries are , despite record - breaking rates of popular participation , overturned by unelected ( though officially legitimate ) superdelegates or by delegates from states that all candidates had previously agreed not to contest , the lesson for the young civic stalwarts would be unmistakable - democratic politics is a sham .
Politics is actually controlled by party bosses behind the scenes .
Civic engagement is for suckers .
From Little League to student council races , we all learn to accept defeats we have lost fair and square .
But losing in a contest in which the rules can be rigged teaches that the game is not worth the candle .
Who can honestly doubt that if the Democratic presidential candidate preferred by a majority of the delegates elected in this spring 's competitive contests ( and by the overwhelming majority of young voters ) were to be rejected solely by the power of unelected delegates ( or those " elected " without any serious competition ) , the unmistakable civics lesson would be catastrophic for this incipient cadre of super citizens ?
So as the superdelegates , the two campaigns , and Democratic Party leaders contemplate how to resolve the procedural issues before them - what to do about Michigan and Florida , and how superdelegates should vote - let 's hope that they weigh the consequences not merely for their own candidates this year , and not merely for the Democratic prospects in the fall , but for the future vitality of American democracy .
Robert D. Putnam , a professor of public policy at Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government , is author of " Bowling Alone : The Collapse and Revival of American Community " and " Better Together : Restoring the American Community . "
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
When humans engage in highly strenuous exercise day after day , they start to metabolize the body ’s reserves , depleting glycogen and fat stores .
When cells run out of energy , a result is fatigue , and exercise grinds to a halt until those sources are replenished .
Dogs are different , in particular the sled dogs that run the annual Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race in Alaska .
This is a grueling 1,100 - mile race , and studies show that the dogs somehow change their metabolism during the race .
Dr. Michael S. Davis , an associate professor of veterinary physiology at Oklahoma State University and an animal exercise researcher , said : “ Before the race , the dogs ’ metabolic makeup is similar to humans .
Then suddenly they throw a switch  we do n’t know what it is yet  that reverses all of that .
In a 24 - hour period , they go back to the same type of metabolic baseline you see in resting subjects .
But it ’s while they are running 100 miles a day . ”
Dr. Davis , who studied the sled dogs , found they did not chew up their reserves and avoided the worst aspects of fatigue .
He is pursuing the research for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , which gave him a $ 1.4 million grant in 2003 to study the physiology of fatigue resistance of sled dogs .
The good news : With In Rainbows Radiohead may well have created their own Physical Graffiti .
Drawn from over 10 years of sketches , outtakes and live renditions that finally get nailed , it 's a veritable summation of everything you love about them – from rhythmically challenging jazz funk prog to droning repetitive exhumations of the socio-political conscience ( rock ' n ' roll … phew ) .
Of course it 's ironic that the band has finally released what to many fans will be the true heir to OK Computer as what is ostensibly a freebie .
Their new marketing and distribution model may be making a mockery of conventional business models , but it ’s also making a mockery of the critic 's job too .
How to sum up what is obviously a MAJOR work after just a morning 's worth of plays ?
In Rainbows proves , once and for all that Radiohead still have the will and desire to not just weird us all out , but to make achingly , desperately beautiful music .
Beginning with some of that familiar Warp - inspired glitchiness , opener , " 15 Step " 's children ’s voices and odd - meter clapping is astoundingly uplifting .
" Bodysnatchers " is the kind of crunchy guitar rock that we ’d all given up hope that they ’d ever record again and " Weird Fishes / Arpeggi " takes Johnny Greenwood ’s orchestral piece and turns it into a chiming thing of post - rock wonder .
Already they 've made you feel guilty for not donating more money for your download …
Every song ’s nuances are exquisite , but problems do arise when you try to get inside the lyrics .
Sometimes
In Rainbows seems almost wilfully mixed to obscure Yorke ’s words .
Like an early Can album , little dislocated phrases or repeated mantras jump out .
Shorn of context and usually sung in a slurred delivery that ’s become more pronounced , this can have a deeply ( and one suspects deliberately ) disturbing effect .
However themes do emerge :
One being the surprising inclusion of several songs about ‘ relationships ’ .
But while the opening line on “ House Of Cards ” , ( ‘ I do n’t want to be your friend , I just want to be your lover ’ ) may have you worrying that Thom 's turning into Prince , this is still Radiohead we ’re listening to .
" All I Need " is a string - drenched song of desire and dependency , but comes equipped with lines like : ' I 'm the next step waiting in the wings .
I ’m an atom bomb trapped in your hot car ' , How utterly romantic .
So , big sighs of relief all round .
In Rainbows is the sound of a band who effortlessly straddle the avant garde / popular divide , and also sound like they actually enjoy being themselves again .
They ’re back at the top of their game .
Now go back and pay some more , all you 50 pence donators .
This is a band that needs all the support we can give them .
With a call to action on the need for effective and immediate solutions , Manuel Marrero , Cuban PM , addressed the UN General Assembly debate on financing for development in the era of COVID - 19 Tuesday .
PR
Webサイトを作る側にとって，インターネットとiモードで決定的な違いがあるのをご存知だろうか。実は，iモード（NTTドコモ）ではCookieが使えない。このため，iモード向けのWebアプリは，インターネットでは当然の，Cookieによるセッション管理ができないのだ。
iモードは「 危険」とされるURLでセッションを管理
Cookieによるセッション管理を簡単に説明しておこう。もともとWebアクセスに使うアプリケーション・プロトコルには「セッション」という概念がない。このため，インターネット向けのWebアプリは，WebサイトからWebブラウザにセッション情報を渡し，次回以降のアクセスではWebブラウザからWebサイトへセッション情報を送ってもらう。こうして，一連のWebアクセスを関連付ける。そのために今どきのWebアプリが使うのが，Cookieという名の短いテキスト・データだ。WebサイトはWebブラウザにWebページを送るときに，Cookieを付けて送る。こうするとWebサイトは，そのWebサイトへの次回以降のアクセスのときにCookieを送り返すようになる。
ところがiモード はCookieが使えない。iモードとほとんど同じサービスのEZweb（KDDI）やYahoo!ケータイ（ソフトバンクモバイル）は，Cookieが使える。また，NTTドコモの携帯電話機であっても，フルブラウザ（IPによるパソコン向けサイトへのアクセス）では，Cookieが使える。セッション管理にCookieが使えないのは，iモードだけの特異な仕様なのだ。そこでiモード向けのWebアプリは，URLにセッション情報を埋め込む形でセッションを管理している。
実はこのURLにセッション情報を埋め込む方法は，インターネットでは危険とされている。URLはほかのWebサイトにリンク元（referer）情報として送られてしまうことがあるからだ。リンク元情報は，Webアプリのページの中のリンクをクリックしたときに送られるのが基本だが，Webブラウザによってはブックマークやメーラーのリンクをクリックしただけでも，表示中のWebページのリンク元情報が送られてしまうことがある。このような場合，URLに埋め込まれたセッション情報を入手したクラッカが，正規ユーザーに成りすましてアクセスできてしまう。
iモード＋専用線経由なら大丈夫？
これだけ書くと ，URLでセッションを管理するiモードは常に危険なように思えるが，実際はそれほどでもない。まずiモードは，ほかのWebサイトにリンク元情報を送らない。記者がNTTドコモに問い合わせたところ，仕様でそう決まっているとの回答だった。また，携帯電話網は，標準URLを含めてパケットをまるごと暗号化しているため，盗聴を試みても解読できないことになっている。少なくとも公式サイトの運営者は，iモード・ゲートウエイとWebサイトの間を専用線で接続すれば，URLをセッション管理に使っても安全は確保できる。
ただし，iモード・ゲートウエイとWebサイトの間をインターネット経由で接続していると安全とは言えなくなる。インターネット内ではセッション情報が暗号化されずに転送されるからだ。つまり，インターネット経由で接続せざるを得ない勝手サイトや，自らの意思でインターネット経由での接続を選んだ公式サイトでは，100パーセント安全とまでは言えない。もちろん，その程度ならたいしたことはないという意見もあるかもしれない。インターネット上で盗聴が起こりがちなのは，無線LANアクセスや社内LANなどの部分だからだ。
iモード もCookieサポートを
しかし，iモード がCookieをサポートしていないことには，やはり問題がある。Webアプリを含むサイトのiモード対応が進まなかったり，Webサイトが安易な方法でiモード対応することで，インターネットやほかの事業者の携帯電話機からのアクセスを危険にさらす可能性があるからだ。
iモードに対応するサイトをiモード専用にするのであれば，構築の手間はあるが技術的な問題は少ない。ただし，インターネット上にパソコン，iモード，EZweb，Yahoo!ケータイのアクセスを汎用的に受け付けるサイトを作るとなると，とたんに難しくなる。正しくiモード対応をするためには，（1）iモードからのアクセスであることを判別して，（2）iモードだけCookie以外でセッションを管理する－－必要がある。この二つを実現する標準的な手法は確立されていない。インターネット向けのサイトではWebアプリ構築用のソフト部品やフレームワークが使えるが，iモードではそれぞれのサイトが自前で開発しなければならない。
現実はどうか。自前の開発は面倒だし，リスク管理が難しいという判断で，携帯電話機対応に手を出せない企業も多そうだ。一方，安易に開発してしまうことで，セキュリティ上の問題を生じさせているサイトもある。例えば，iモード対応の結果として，パソコンからのアクセスでも，URLによるセッション管理が使えるようになってしまっているサイトが存在する。
また，携帯電話機からのアクセスを受け付ける場合は，iモードに限らずURLでセッションを管理するサイトも存在する。このような作り方をしたサイトでは，iモード以外からのアクセスでセッション情報を漏らしてしまう可能性がある。パソコン用の一部のWebブラウザやEZwebの一部機種は，URLの直接入力やブックマークからのアクセスでも，表示中のページのURLをリンク元情報として送信してしまうバグを残しているからだ。
iモードの将来や，iモードとインターネットの共存を考えると，記者にはiモードのCookieのサポートは不可欠のように思える。最近のWebブラウザの標準設定のように，悪質なCookieを排除しながらセッション管理用のCookieを受け入れるようにするのが理想だ。Cookieサポートにはプライバシー上の懸念がある，という意見もあるだろう。だがCookieは，iモードがサポートしているユーザー識別用のID（ユーザーID/iモードID）をWebサイトに送出する機能よりは問題が小さいはずだ。ユーザー識別用のIDはログイン時のユーザー名入力を省略するといった用途のために用意されているのだが，悪用されれば，アクセス履歴の追跡に使われてしまう可能性がある。そろそろiモードもCookieサポートを真剣に考えるべき時期なのではないだろうか。
■変更履 歴
最後から2番目の段落にある，パソコン用の一部のWebブラウザやEZwebの一部機種のバグについて説明を追加しました。
[ 2008/5/8 12:27 ]
Ron Paul refuses to endorse warmonger John McCain February 11 , 2008 Ron Paul told the Chicago Tribune Monday that unless John McCain " has a lot of change of heart " on his Iraq war stance , the Arizona senator will not get Paul 's endorsement .
" I can not support anybody with the foreign policy he advocates - you know , perpetual war . "
" I think it 's un-American , unconstitutional , immoral , and not Republican , " Paul said .
The comments come two days after the Texas congressman definitely ruled out running as a third party candidate , and said he was phasing back his presidential bid to focus on his home district and the re-election race he faces .
" If I were to lose the primary for my congressional seat , all our opponents would react with glee , and pretend it was a rejection of our ideas .
I cannot and will not let that happen , " Paul wrote on his Web site Saturday .
Paul also acknowledged he was cutting back his presidential campaign staff , but said he will not formally bow out of the race before the convention .
McCain , who sang " Bomb bomb Iran " is already looking towards the war after the war in Iraq .
McCain told a crowd of supporters January 20th , " It 's a tough war we 're in .
It 's not going to be over right away .
There 's going to be other wars . "
Offering more of his increasingly bleak " straight talk , " he repeated the claim : " I 'm sorry to tell you , there 's going to be other wars .
We will never surrender but there will be other wars . "
John McCain can't wait for war with Iran © AlaskaReport.com All Rights Reserved .
Texas blog Burnt Orange reports :
There is method to the Clinton campaign ’s mad preemptive sword rattling over the Texas primary / caucus .
They want to delay and disrupt the reporting of the delegate count .
They hope that if they win the popular vote , they can avoid , at least for one news cycle , news reports that even if they do so they will very likely lose the delegate fight in Texas and fall further behind Obama in the national delegate contest .
This is not speculation .
This has been the subject under discussion .
While I have not been part of that discussion , plenty of sources last night and this morning confirmed this as the core of the dispute … .
Throw the Texas delegate results in dispute , and win or lose the popular vote , they will have advanced their case that the contest remains close and should go all the way to the convention if necessary … .
The Clinton campaign strategy is to justify taking the fight beyond Texas even if they fall further behind Obama in the national delegate count .
To do that , they must cast doubt over the fate of the 67 delegates that will be chosen at the caucus level .
Hence , their tough positioning in phone calls with Texas Democratic Party officials and others involved in the primary here .
The Texas rules have been in effect for decades .
Bill Clinton ran twice under these rules .
They are no surprise to anyone , and both campaigns know they have to play by the same rules .
There is little point to raising concerns before the election — except one campaign finds itself running a very unique kind of effort .
To remain viable , the results of the caucus in Texas must be thrown into doubt .
Almost any legal challenge will do .
The Clinton narrative can be maintained – but only if their falling further behind in delegates is not reported or is at the least cast into doubt for a news cycle , or two or three news cycles .
It 's the sort of news that ought to scare the pants off Comcast executives .
FCC Chairman Kevin Martin has proposed the commission auction off a portion of the 25 megahertz spectrum with a free provision – meaning that whoever licenses the spectrum must provide internet access to people for free .
We wo n't know whether the FCC will proceed with the idea ( the commissioners vote on June 12 ) , but the fact that the proposal is even up for consideration must be gratifying to the millions of Comcast and Cox victims who may pay upwards of $ 40 per month for shoddy broadband access and awful customer service .
A " free " broadband spectrum auction could also help spur internet adoption in the U.S. , where there is still a big gaping divide between the broadband haves and have - nots .
" We 've been pushing for [ free internet access ] as a matter of policy for two years , " says John Muleta , founder and CEO of M2Z Networks , a company that aims to provide free ad - supported broadband access .
" This country is stuck with a low [ adoption rate of broadband web access ] , mainly because it 's either not available or it's not affordable in many markets . "
Of course , we 've heard this song before .
Back in 1999 , everyone offered free , ad - supported internet access .
Yahoo and Kmart teamed up on a free ISP called BlueLight.com ; NBC 's online arm , NBCi launched one , too ; so did many of the major web players of the time , such as AltaVista , Excite and Lycos .
Few free ISPs still exist today .
The key difference between then and now , according to Muleta , was that the free ISP of yesteryear was a dial - up service , and its livelihood depended on the terms negotiated with telecom providers .
" The problem was that [ the free ISPs ] could n't control their destiny , " Muleta says .
" The limitation was the deal you could get from the telcos , and the service was supported by banner ads .
Now people recognize the value of search - [ based advertising . ] "
So is Muleta talking to Google , Yahoo or Microsoft about a partnership for the free access ?
" We 're a Silicon Valley company and we 're always talking to potential partners , " Muleta says .
Photo : Flicker / Klabusta
The DNC will tomorrow launch " McCainPedia , " a wiki - like hub of their opposition research on the GOP nominee .
The site features a bevy of articles and documents organized into such categories as " economy , " " security " and " ethics . "
Unlike WIkipedia , though , the general public ( and McCain 's campaign ) can't offer their own edits to the material .
The goal is to not just provide a one - stop - shop of anti-McCain information but to underscore the party 's commitment to using technology to get their message out .
In addition to the text , they 've included video , some of it culled from the committe 's trackers who 've been following McCain across the country .
" While the base of the Republican Party continues to shrink , Democrats are growing our ranks by trusting the American people with the facts of John McCain 's own record , " said Howard Dean in unveiling the site .
comments closed
permalink
The Monty Hall Problem has struck again , and this time it ’s not merely embarrassing mathematicians .
If the calculations of a Yale economist are correct , there ’s a sneaky logical fallacy in some of the most famous experiments in psychology .
The economist , M. Keith Chen , has challenged research into cognitive dissonance , including the 1956 experiment that first identified a remarkable ability of people to rationalize their choices .
Dr. Chen says that choice rationalization could still turn out to be a real phenomenon , but he maintains that there ’s a fatal flaw in the classic 1956 experiment and hundreds of similar ones .
He says researchers have fallen for a version of what mathematicians call the Monty Hall Problem , in honor of the host of the old television show , “ Let ’s Make a Deal . ”
Here ’s how Monty ’s deal works , in the math problem , anyway .
( On the real show it was a bit messier . )
He shows you three closed doors , with a car behind one and a goat behind each of the others .
If you open the one with the car , you win it .
You start by picking a door , but before it ’s opened Monty will always open another door to reveal a goat .
Then he ’ll let you open either remaining door .
Suppose you start by picking Door 1 , and Monty opens Door 3 to reveal a goat .
Now what should you do ?
Stick with Door 1 or switch to Door 2 ?
Look at the figure below , and then look at it again , and again , and again .
It is the most telling picture about the U.S. political economy I have ever seen .
It comes from Princeton political scientist Larry Bartels ' new book , soon to be released .
What it shows is the difference that the President 's party affiliation makes to the distribution of income during the four years of the president 's term .
( The distributional outcomes are shown with one year 's lag . )
When a Republican president is in power , people at the top of the income distribution experience much larger real income gains than those at the bottom -- a difference of 1.5 percent per year going from the bottom to the top quintile in the income distribution .
The situation is reversed when a Democrat is in power : those who benefit the most are the lower income groups .
If you are in the bottom quintile , the difference between having a Democratic or a Republican president in office is an income gain ( or loss ) of more than 2 percent per year !
Strikingly , compared to Republicans , Democratic presidents generate higher income gains for all income groups ( although the difference is statistically significant only for lower income groups ) .
Bartels shows in his book that this difference is not a statistical artifact or a fluke .
It is not the result of Democrats coming to power during better economic times , or of Republicans reining in the unsustainable excesses of Democratic administrations they replace .
( It turns out that the same pattern prevails even when a Republican president is succeeded by another Republican . )
These numbers are real and they are the outcome of partisan differences in policy .
So if you are one of those who have bought the story that income distribution is the result of pure market forces and technological changes , with politics playing no role -- think again .
Bartels ' findings raise an important puzzle : if Democrats produce better income results for everyone , and particularly for the more numerous lower - income groups , why do they not always win ?
Bartels offers a rather complicated , but well - supported answer to this question having to do with voter myopia and psychology .
( You will have to wait to read his book to get the full story ) .
But Bartels does demolish two of the standard arguments regarding Republican advantages at the polls : the idea that poor Americans vote Republican for cultural reasons , or that Americans do not care about inequality .
The ship was reportedly carrying used military equipment
An investigation has been launched after a US container ship opened fire on a small Egyptian boat as it approached the Suez Canal .
Egyptian sources including the country 's official news agency say one man was killed and two injured when the Global Patriot opened fire .
But in a statement the US embassy in Cairo said initial reports indicated there were no casualties .
The US says it simply fired warning shots at the boat .
The US says an investigation into the incident has been launched and it is co-operating fully with the Egyptian authorities .
The US says the Global Patriot - on short - term charter to the US military - was approached by several boats as it prepared to enter the Suez Canal after dark on Monday .
The US statement : " The boats were hailed and warned by a native Arabic speaker using a bullhorn [ loudhailer ] to warn them to turn away .
A warning flare was then fired .
" One small boat continued to approach the ship and received two sets of warning shots 20 - 30 yards [ metres ] in front of the bow . "
Prayers
The statement said that all shots " were accounted for as they entered the water " , and initial reports from the ship indicated there had been no casualties .
I saw the body - the bullet entered his heart and went out the other side
Abbas al - Amrikani
Head of the union of seamen , Suez But Egyptian officials and witnesses say a man aboard the boat , Mohammed Fouad , was killed as his boat approached the ship in order to offer goods for sale .
Two other men were injured , they say .
This is also the version of events reported by the official Egyptian news agency , citing preliminary reports .
Egyptian sources say Fouad 's body was taken to a hospital morgue and then a mosque to await burial on Tuesday .
" We are praying over his body right now , " Abbas al - Amrikani , the head of the union of seamen in Suez , told AP news agency , over audible sounds of prayer .
" I saw the body .
The bullet entered his heart and went out the other side . "
Cigarettes According to the US Navy 's Military Sealift Command ( MSC ) , the Global Patriot is a US - flagged roll - on , roll - off container ship chartered from Global Container Lines .
In the past , it has been used by the MSC to transport a US military Patriot Missile defence battery , ammunition , and MRAP ( Mine Resistant Ambush Protected ) vehicles around the world .
On this occasion , the Global Patriot is said to have been transporting used US military equipment from Dubai .
The BBC's Heba Saleh in Cairo says fisherman and small boats carrying hawkers ply the waters of the canal trying to sell cigarettes and other local products to ship passing through .
Al - Qaeda militants have in the past used small motorboats to attack US military and other foreign vessels in waters off the coast of Yemen , our correspondent adds .
Some 7.5 % of world sea trade passes through the Suez Canal , which is 190 km long ( 118 miles ) and 300 m wide ( 984ft ) at its narrowest point .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Once upon a time , a team of federal attorneys went before the Supreme Court only to discover that their entire case was based on a revoked executive order and therefore moot .
True story .
Look it up .
Panama Refining Company v. Ryan .
The revoked presidential order was understandably missed by the attorneys .
The revocation had never been made public -- an example of what legal scholars refer to as " secret law . "
In the '30s and ' 40s , Congress penned legislation aimed at bringing order to the dissemination of vital government information , amid the chaotic complexity of state administrative laws and downright shoddy record - keeping .
Congress also established statutes to keep a growing body of secret law in check .
That 's how we got the Federal Register Act of 1935 , the Administrative Procedures
Act of 1946 and the golden key to open government ( and investigative reporting ) -- the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) .
Those legislative acts exemplify one of the defining features of American government -- the publicizing of laws and regulations .
The political philosophy is n't hard to understand .
Secret laws are the antithesis of a free and open society , which explains why the first U.S. Congress mandated that every " law , order , resolution , and vote ( shall ) be published in at least three of the public newspapers printing within the United States . "
But , never mind -- for the moment -- the decline of newspapers , and the harmful implications it has for democratic governance .
Even more alarming is the underreported increase of unpublicized " secret laws , " clandestinely cultivated in recent years .
We 're talking everything from secret interpretations of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act and opinions from the Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) to secret Presidential directives and transportation security orders .
And do n't let the word " opinion " throw you off .
If , for example , they 're " opinions " issued by the OLC -- like the now infamous
Yoo torture memos -- those kind of " opinions " are binding on the executive branch .
So , while the Washington press heavy - hitters were analyzing flag pins and pastors , a Judiciary subcommittee hearing was held on " Secret Law and the Threat to Democratic and Accountable Government . "
Among the half - dozen or so witnesses to testify was the director of the Project on Government Secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists , Steven Aftergood -- one of the nation 's preeminent authorities on secret law .
What should have been a top - story across the country was rendered invisible by a tsunami of triviality .
Here 's some testimony you probably missed :
" There has been a discernible increase in secret law and regulation in recent years " to the point where " legislative intervention " is required to " reverse the growth . "
Unsurprisingly , secret law really became entwined with the government during the Cold War .
But today , " secrecy not only persists , it is growing .
Worse , it is implicated in fundamental political controversies over domestic surveillance , torture , and many other issues directly affecting the lives and interests of Americans . "
The law that governs espionage activity has been re-interpreted by the FISA Court , the specific nature of which has not been disclosed to the public .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
In August 2007 , the American Civil Liberties Union petitioned the court on First Amendment grounds to make public those legal rulings , after redacting classified information .
The court denied the ACLU petition , claiming it did n't have the expertise to decide what information should be redacted .
The denial was issued despite it being evident " that there is a body of common law derived from the decisions of the ( FISA court ) that potentially implicates the privacy interests of all Americans .
Yet knowledge of that law is deliberately withheld from the public .
In this way , secret law has been normalized to a previously unknown extent and to the detriment , I believe , of American democracy , " Aftergood testified .
Other areas of concern : " there appears to be a precipitous decline in publication of OLC opinions in recent years ...
In 1995 , there were 30 published opinions , but in 2005 there were 13 .
In 1996 , there were 48 published opinions , but in 2006 only 1 .
And in 1997 there were 29 published opinions , but only 9 in 2007 . "
" One secret OLC opinion of particular significance , identified last year by Sen .
Whitehouse , holds that executive orders , which are binding on executive branch agencies and are published in the Federal Register , can be unilaterally abrogated by the President without public notice . "
Such orders mean " Congress is left with no opportunity to respond to the change and to exercise its own authorities as it sees fit .
Worse , the OLC policy ... implies a right to actively mislead Congress and the public . "
Here 's something else that 's been waaaay underreported .
As of January 2008 , the Bush administration has issued 56 National Security Presidential Directives on a range of national security issues .
Most of those directives have not been disclosed .
" Texts of the directives or descriptive fact sheets have been obtained for about a third of them ( 19 ) , " Aftergood testified .
Only the titles have been obtained on 8 of the directives and absolutely no information is available for 10 .
Congress has also gotten in on the action , having " participated in the propagation of secret law through the adoption of classified annexes to intelligence authorization of bills , for example . "
Aftergood concluded his testimony , rightly observing that " it should be possible to identify a consensual middle ground that preserves the security of genuinely sensitive national security information while reversing the growth of secret laws . "
That 's why he 's pushing for the passage of the State Secrets Protection Act - S. 2533 , which aims to balance conflicting interests of secrecy and public disclosure .
" The rule of law , after all , is one of the fundamental principles that unites us all , and one of the things we are committed to protect .
Secret law is inconsistent with that commitment . "
Of course , whenever someone points out how civil liberties have taken a back - seat in the name of " national security " under Bush , what 's the typical response of true believers ?
They call talk radio , blog and write letters - to - the - editor about how " liberals " and " leftists " aid and abet terrorists with a naíve insistence that America 's political leaders adhere to quaint luxuries like long - established Constitutional freedoms .
The old saw -- " loose lips sink ships " -- has been replaced by another now familiar brain - dead mantra : " if you 're doing nothing wrong , you have nothing to worry about . "
But the metastasizing growth of secret law pulls the rug out from underneath that flimsy argument .
And for obvious reason : you can't know what you do n't know .
Sean Gonsalves is a columnist and news editor with the Cape Cod Times .
He can be reached at sgonsalves@capecodonline.com
SACRAMENTO , Calif . - Vaune Dillmann thought the wording on his bottle caps was just a clever play on the name of the Northern California town where he brews his beer - Weed .
Federal alcohol regulators thought differently .
They have ordered Dillmann to stop selling beer bottles with caps that say " Try Legal Weed . "
While reviewing the proposed label for Dillmann 's latest beer , Lemurian Lager , the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau said the message on the caps he has been using for his five current beers amounts to a drug reference .
In a letter explaining its decision , the agency , which regulates the brewing industry , said the wording could " mislead consumers about the characteristics of the alcoholic beverage . "
Dillmann scoffs at the notion that his label has anything to do with smoking pot .
" I 've never tried marijuana in my life , " he told The Associated Press on Wednesday .
" I do n't advocate that .
It 's just our town 's name . "
The town of 3,000 , sitting beneath Mount Shasta about 230 miles north of the state capital , takes its name from Abner Weed , a timber baron who opened a lumber mill there in 1901 and eventually was elected to the state Senate .
Dillmann , 61 , started the Mount Shasta Brewing Co. in 2004 .
He said he has always used the town 's name on his beers and named the company 's first official brew Abner Weed 's Pale Ale .
His bottle labels follow a long tradition of exploiting the town 's name .
Even city officials do it .
A sign posted on the way out of town reads , " Temporarily Out of Weed , " while another says " 100 Percent Pure Weed . "
Dillmann noted those examples in an appeal letter he sent to the alcohol bureau .
Once , Dillmann said , his wife , a former teacher , was delayed on a field trip to San Francisco as tourists clamored to pose next to the school bus , which said " Weed High . "
But illegal drugs are no joke to the federal agency , which maintains meticulous rules about labeling .
Drug references on alcoholic beverages were banned in 1994 , agency spokesman Art Resnick said .
" We protect consumers of alcohol beverages against misleading advertising and labeling , " he said .
He said the agency is reviewing Dillmann 's appeal .
The Boulder , Colo. - based Brewers Association , which represents 1,100 craft brewers nationwide , said the Tax and Trade Bureau seems to have become more aggressive in recent years .
It has gone after brewers for seemingly innocuous claims , such as descriptions that say one beer is stronger than another , said association director Paul Gatza .
" We 're seeing the TTB starting to poke around at breweries '
Web sites and issuing letters , " he said .
" Our trade association is feeling like TTB is overstretching a little bit . "
Gatza said a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in the 1980s protected truthful speech on beer labels .
Meanwhile , Dillmann has placed a rush order on unmarked bottle caps so he can keep bottling while he awaits word from the federal agency on his appeal .
He has enlisted the help of his congressman , Republican Rep. Wally Herger , who has asked the agency to explain why it rejected Dillmann 's bottle cap labels .
The decision banning the " Try Legal Weed " caps came just after Dillmann had placed an order for 400,000 of them , at a cost of about $ 10,000 .
It took him four years to go through the first batch of bottle caps , but Dillmann said his sales have been increasing steadily .
Still , the native of Milwaukee said he wonders how some other brewers have gotten away with the names for their products , such as Hemp Ale or Dead Guy Ale .
And he can't understand how his label has run afoul of federal alcohol regulators who must surely be aware of one of the most famous advertising slogans in American marketing : " This Bud 's for you . "
---
On the Net :
Mount Shasta Brewing Co. : http://www.weedales.com
With his victory in North Carolina on Tuesday , Barack Obama took a giant step toward the Democratic presidential nomination .
The irony is that he is doing this just when Hillary Clinton has finally exposed his potential weaknesses as a general election candidate .
The Illinois Senator can certainly breathe easier having dodged a loss in North Carolina , where he once held a big lead .
As usual , he swept the under - 30 crowd as well as the educated , upscale liberals in the central part of the Tar Heel State .
He also seems to have ...
( CNN ) -- Blair
Holt wanted his mother to have a pendant for Mother 's Day .
His father , Ronald Holt , was purchasing the gift when his cell phone rang : Blair , 16 , had just been shot on a Chicago bus .
" It 's just so unfair that he 's not here , " Ronald Holt says of his late son , Blair , pictured with him in 2005 .
The dad had his left arm outstretched with his debit card in hand , the phone in the other hand .
" I felt like I had just been crucified .
It was just too unreal .
I just did n't want to believe it , " he said , recalling that day , May 10 , 2007 .
Blair was killed in a hail of gang bullets when he jumped into the line of fire to save the life of a teenage girl .
Four others were shot , but they survived .
A longtime Chicago police officer , Ronald Holt has spent the year since his son's killing trying to bring calm to the streets of the Windy City .
He speaks to students , officials and anyone else who will listen , talking about the need for more parental involvement and better education , changing the mind - sets of troubled youth and tighter gun legislation to keep weapons from reaching thugs .
But he 's also watched as the city 's violence keeps skyrocketing .
" It 's out of control , " Holt said .
In the last two weeks alone , at least 54 shootings in the Chicago area have left 15 people dead .
In one horrific weekend , at least nine people were killed in 36 separate attacks .
Watch as one man says , " We 're sick of burying our children " »
Police dispatched SWAT officers and other specialized units this past weekend to deter potential violence .
Some officers were armed with new assault weapons .
" We continue to remain aggressive in combating crime in whatever form it takes , " police spokeswoman Monique Bond said in an e-mail .
" Our approach is comprehensive , and increases or decreases in crime should not be based or judged on one , two or three weekends . "
With warmer temperatures and summer approaching , experts who follow crime trends said violence is likely to escalate .
They said the nation 's economic crisis and lack of jobs in the inner city create an environment rife for crime .
Chicago Violence Violent crime is up nearly 6 percent in Chicago compared with last year , based on the latest available data from January through March .
The biggest rise has been in robberies and burglaries , up 16.3 percent and 3.9 percent , respectively .
Sexual assaults are down 13.9 percent .
There were 87 killings through the first three months , down from 88 this time last year .
Of those slayings , 81 percent involved firearms .
Police say the motives of 54 killings are known .
Of those , nearly 30 percent were gang - related .
Source : Chicago Police Department
" During the summer months , we will be taking an aggressive role in enforcing curfew , because juveniles are more susceptible after hours when they become victims and offenders , " Bond said .
Tim White with CeaseFire , a violence prevention group that works with Chicago 's gangs , spent more than 15 years behind bars for selling narcotics .
He now actively tries to calm tensions among rival gangs .
" We 're finding that people are losing their jobs ... and they 're being desperate .
They 're being led into desperate situations , " he said .
Watch
White describe , " It makes people make bad decisions " »
White and other ex-gang members with CeaseFire work the streets when they hear of problems in neighborhoods .
They do n't work with police because it would ruin their reputation on the streets , White said .
" We 've got all different ex-gang members sitting at the table .
Where we used to fight each other , now we work together to squash violence and come together for peace , " he said .
" It 's a unique situation , but it works . "
Mostly , they step in when egos of rival gangs get too big .
" Do n't nobody want to go to the other man and say , ' I do n't want to fight you .
I do n't want to kill you . ' "
" That 's like a punk in our street life .
But if someone can step in and do it for him , " then gangs will accept the truce , White said .
" It gives us an opportunity to mediate situations that no one else will do . "
But , he said , Cease Fire had its state funding slashed in September .
In turn , the group has gone from 140 employees to 40 workers .
As a result , it has resolved 44 gang conflicts this year -- way off last year 's mark of 488 , he said .
The crunch is hindering Cease Fire 's work but wo n't stop the group , White said .
" If we can stop a gang war this summer , then we 've won , " he said .
Will police armed with assault rifles help ?
" Time will show if that 's going to deter them , " he said .
" I do n't think having a bigger gun is going to stop young guys from shooting each other or robbing each other for dope or robbing each other for territory . "
Do n't Miss
Holt 's blog about his son
Holt 's blog about his son Chicago plans show of force to stop killing season
Chicago plans show of force to stop killing season
Five dead as Chicago 's killing season continues
This week , Sens. Dick Durbin and Barack Obama of Illinois asked for the Justice Department to include Chicago as part of its Anti-Gang Initiative , a federal program to enhance gang - prevention efforts .
The program has provided 10 cities with $ 2.5 million each for anti-gang efforts .
" We are asking the Justice Department to make combating gang violence in Chicago a top priority this summer and in the future , " Durbin said in a statement .
As for Ronald Holt , he has no plans to give up his fight .
He said he owes it to his son .
" I have to continue to honor his heroism .
He showed bravery , sacrifice and courage , " he said .
" That 's one of the reasons I keep fighting . "
His son's alleged killer was a 16 - year - old gang member , as was his alleged accomplice .
Both could face decades in prison if convicted .
Holt and White both said youth need to know their actions have consequences -- that the majority of violent offenders are captured and put behind bars .
For
White , he did n't realize that until he was in the federal pen serving hard time .
Holt said he hopes his message will reach at least one person on the fringes and that he or she changes his or her ways .
He said he knows the pain of what it 's like to lose a son in " one fell swoop , in the blink of an eye . "
" It 's just overwhelming .
You just do n't know what to do after that .
And I think that 's the one part that 's extremely gripping and you can't get past :
You 've done all these things .
Your child is a normal , typical teenager enjoying life , and then all of a sudden , here comes a devil 's advocate , as I say . "
Holt said people -- moms and dads , aunts and uncles , grandparents and other mentors -- need to be active in kids ' lives to keep them out of trouble .
He then rattled off his favorite memories with Blair : seeing him throw his first baseball , watching him graduate from kindergarten and grade school , and witnessing him mature physically and mentally into a young leader .
This loving dad said one other moment stands out : " Watching him take his first baby steps . "
Holt added , " It 's just so unfair that he 's not here .
Just like it's so unfair that all the other children [ killed in Chicago ] are not here . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Gang Violence • Chicago
Microsoft StyleCop
2/7/2020
2 minutes to read
In this article
StyleCop 4.4 Beta 1 is now available for download from http://stylecop.codeplex.com/.
This release ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/06/2010
I am very excited to announce that Microsoft has decided to take StyleCop Open Source under the ...
Author : jasonall Date : 04/23/2010
http://twitpic.com/1cdur7
Author : jasonall Date : 04/01/2010
We have just released a new StyleCop BETA which is identical to the previous release except that it ...
Author : jasonall Date : 01/04/2010
By default StyleCop comes with two rules which govern the summary documentation for properties , ...
Author : jasonall Date : 08/10/2009
Starting with StyleCop 4.3.2 , it is possible to suppress the reporting of rule violations by adding ...
Author : jasonall Date : 08/10/2009
I am pleased to announce that we ’re released another build of StyleCop which includes multiple ...
Author : jasonall Date : 08/10/2009
We have just released an update to StyleCop 4.3 which contains a number of bugfixes as well as a ...
Author : jasonall Date : 03/11/2009
A number of people have asked for tips on rolling out StyleCop on a large , pre-existing codebase ....
Author : jasonall Date : 11/11/2008
The SDK documentation for StyleCop 4.3 is now available for download , here : ...
Author : jasonall Date : 08/29/2008
This article explains how to integrate the StyleCop tool into an MSBuild based build environment ....
Author : jasonall Date : 08/22/2008
The awaited StyleCop 4.3 update is now available .
This update includes : Various bugfixes , including ...
Author : jasonall Date : 08/19/2008
There has been some confusion and a few mixed messages coming out of Microsoft since the release of ...
Author : jasonall Date : 07/20/2008
By default , Microsoft StyleCop does not allow variable or field names to include Hungarian notation ....
Author : jasonall Date : 05/25/2008
Each time StyleCop is run , it will cache the results of the analysis onto the disk .
The next time ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/25/2008
It is possible to control the company name and copyright text that is required within the file ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/25/2008
A number of astute developers have noted that the C# code style enforced by Microsoft StyleCop ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/25/2008
By default , StyleCop configuration settings are applied on a project by project basis .
In a standard ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/25/2008
It is possible to enable or disable individual StyleCop rules at the project level .
First , read this ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/25/2008
Microsoft StyleCop is configurable at the project level , allowing different projects in the same ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/25/2008
The following pages describe how to manage settings within the StyleCop tool .
Changing the settings ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/25/2008
The following article describes how to integrate StyleCop into the build , so that the tool will run ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/24/2008
This article explains how to integrate the StyleCop tool into an MSBuild based build environment , ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/24/2008
Since the release of StyleCop , many people have pointed out that a number of the rules enforced by ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/24/2008
We are very excited to announce the release of a new developer tool from Microsoft , Source Analysis ...
Author : jasonall Date : 05/23/2008
Looking at this limited - edition Di Grisogono Meccanica DG , you probably think it 's a hybrid mechanical - digital watch .
Well , chaps , you 're wrong .
Despite its appearance , the Meccanica DG is completely analog , comprising of 651 pieces and absolutely no digital parts or LEDs whatsoever .
Video and pics after the jump .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Just 177 of these amazing timepieces are going to be made to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Geneva - based horloger .
Billed as the most complicated digital - analog timepiece in the world , the digital display is actually mechanical , with rolling tubes forming the digital segments .
This is how it works , according to the press release .
The mechanically operated digital display of the second timezone shows tens of hours , single hours , tens of minutes and single minutes , all displayed by mobile microsegments driven by an assemblage of 23 cams connected to a set of gears and a triggering and synchronization system .
The time information is displayed by an array of 23 horizontally and vertically positioned microsegments .
Vertical segments are 9 mm high and weigh at most 25 milligrams while the horizontal segments measure 2.90 mm in length and weigh only 10 milligrams .
The segments have four faces : two opposing visible faces fitted with colored strips and two opposing unmarked faces .
Time changes are effected by 90° rotations of the required segment or segments .
Involving one to twelve segments , time changes are lightning fast .
Forward to 40 seconds in to hear Fawaz Gruosi , the CEO of Di Grisogono , talk about the watch .
" Some people , they say , ' Do you smoke something when you came out with the idea ? ' " he tells the CNN journalist .
Available in four styles — red gold , titanium and gold , titanium and platinum and titanium and rubber — the Meccanica DG is waterproof to 100 feet and , presumably , is heinously expensive .
[ Sybarites and timezoneitalia.com and YouTube ]
Sarah is a common name and several are in custody , she said .
One by one , the Sarahs have been interviewed , she said .
" They find out and then let them go , then grab another one and try to find out and the let them go . "
A very strange “ coup attempt ” in East Timor
By Peter Symonds
13 February 2008
Nothing is clear about Monday ’s events in the East Timorese capital of Dili , in which rebel soldier Alfredo Reinado was shot dead and the country ’s president Jose Ramos - Horta was seriously injured , with gunshot wounds to his chest and stomach .
The least likely explanation , however , is the official one by Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao , who immediately claimed that an attempted coup had been thwarted .
He then called for Australian military and political support and imposed a state of emergency and curfew .
Gusmao insists that he and the president were the targets of an assassination plot .
Reinado and several of his armed supporters arrived at the president ’s residence early Monday morning .
But if this were an assassination attempt , Reinado , a former army major who trained in Australia , had not done his homework .
Ramos - Horta was out for his regular morning walk with two of his bodyguards .
Rather than preparing to assassinate him , it is quite possible that Reinado was merely seeking to talk to the president , as he had during the previous period .
There are several versions of what happened next .
By some accounts , Reinado and his men disarmed the guards and stormed into the house looking for the president .
But yesterday ’s Australian indicated that it was in fact the guards themselves who opened fire : “ Neighbours and Ramos - Horta ’s house staff told the Australian that Reinado did not fire the first shot .
Instead , they said he had appeared at the gate asking for the president and was almost immediately shot through the eye . ”
Ramos - Horta , who was returning from his walk , was caught in the crossfire .
He was hit at least twice , but managed somehow to get to his residence .
Sometime later , Australian military doctors managed to stem the loss of blood and stabilise him .
The president was flown to the northern Australian city of Darwin for further treatment and is reportedly in a serious but stable condition .
Who was trying to assassinate whom has not been established .
With speculation rife in Dili , Gusmao felt compelled to issue a statement declaring : “ To put to rest the rumour that the president called Alfredo to kill him , I would like to reiterate that I was also ambushed and targetted .
This shows that it was a planned operation from Alfredo . ”
He concluded with a thinly veiled threat to the media “ not to speculate on issues that have not been confirmed ” .
While the events at Ramos - Horta ’s residence are sketchy , details of the assassination attempt on Gusmao are virtually non-existent .
The prime minister claims that his convoy was ambushed by a second group of rebel soldiers headed by Gastao Salsinha , leader of the so - called “ petitioners ” who were sacked from the army in 2006 for protesting in support of better conditions .
Gusmao ’s vehicle was sprayed with bullets , but no one was injured and the attackers managed to escape without a trace .
Speaking to an Australian reporter , Salsinha denied any involvement in the attack and did not know why Reinado had appeared at the presidential residence .
No adequate explanation has been offered regarding Reinado ’s motive for trying to kill the president and prime minister .
The Australian media , which feted Reinado in 2006 as one of the leaders of the anti-Fretilin rebels , have generally dismissed him as “ a bold , foolish rebel ” or a Rambo with delusions of grandeur .
While the dead major was no doubt somewhat unstable psychologically , he certainly had a firm grasp of military matters .
Two botched “ assassination attempts ” and “ a coup ” that included no plans for seizing key centres or dealing with hundreds of Australian and foreign troops and police is an unlikely scenario .
A useful rule of thumb in such cases is to ask : who benefits ?
In this case , the question is : who has something to gain from the death of Reinado ?
At the top of the list is Gusmao — along with his Australian backers .
Just last month , Reinado accused Gusmao of being directly responsible for the army mutiny and violence that preceded the Australian military intervention in 2006 .
A message circulated by video , but ignored in the Australian media , declared in part : “ I give my testimony as a witness , that Xanana is the main author of this crisis , he cannot lie or deny about this ...
He calls us bad people , but it ’s him that created us , turned us to be like this — he is author of the petition ...
It ’s with his support that the petition exists in the first place , it ’s his irresponsible speeches to the media that made people to be fighting and killing each other until this moment and he knows many more things — we will talk about this . ”
Reinado ’s threat to “ talk ” had far - reaching political implications for Gusmao and for Canberra .
In May 2006 , former Australian Prime Minister John Howard claimed that the dispatch of troops to East Timor was needed to halt spiralling violence , because the local army was divided and the police force had disintegrated .
Gusmao , then president , was calling for Australian troops to intervene and denouncing Prime Minister Mari Alkatiri and his Fretilin government for creating the crisis by sacking the 600 “ petitioners ” .
The Australian media were braying for the “ Marxist ” Alkatiri to resign over his mishandling of the situation .
Alkatiri is certainly no Marxist , but his government had refused to tamely accept Canberra ’s demands for the lion ’s share of oil and gas reserves in the Timor Sea .
The Howard government , which had deployed troops to East Timor in 1999 , had expected that Australia would assume the dominant role in the tiny statelet eventually created in 2001 .
However , the Alkatiri government had attempted to preserve a modicum of independence by establishing relations with other countries , including the former colonial power Portugal , as well as China , Cuba and Brazil .
The dispatch of Australian troops in May 2006 was not to help the East Timorese , but was part of the Howard government ’s agenda to oust Alkatiri and install political figures more amenable to Australian demands — notably Gusmao and Ramos - Horta .
Major Reinado , who trained in Canberra in 2005 , was a key figure in the events leading up to the military intervention .
He had joined the “ petitioners ” and bitterly denounced the Fretilin government for using violence against the protesting soldiers .
He was part of a right - wing chorus gathered around Gusmao , including church leaders , former pro-Indonesian militiamen and businessmen , who were hostile to the very modest reforms being carried out by Alkatiri .
They created anti-government youth gangs by exploiting widespread discontent over poverty and unemployment .
Reinado was directly involved in fomenting the mayhem .
On the eve of Australian troops landing , his men , accompanied by an Australian camera crew , clashed with government troops , adding to the atmosphere of chaos and breakdown .
Gusmao has always insisted that he had no hand in these events .
But a growing body of evidence points to his involvement with anti-Fretilin plotters and his links to Reinado .
On the surface , Canberra and its political allies in Dili have achieved everything they wanted since May 2006 .
Within two months of the military intervention , Alkatiri had capitulated to Canberra ’s pressure to resign and was replaced by Ramos - Horta as interim prime minister .
He and Gusmao , with the Australian government ’s tacit backing , teamed up to contest last year ’s presidential and parliamentary elections .
Ramos - Horta won the presidency , while Gusmao became the prime minister in bitterly - fought elections marred by violence and allegations of ballot rigging .
None of the underlying issues has been resolved .
Fretilin , which won a plurality of seats in the parliamentary elections , continues to challenge the current government ’s legitimacy .
Gusmao is dependent on an unstable coalition that is facing rising anger over its failure to keep its promises .
Having campaigned on pro-poor policies , the government has proposed a budget for 2008 that slashes rice rations for an estimated 100,000 refugees , mainly Fretilin supporters , displaced by the 2006 violence .
It will also cut pensions for former Fretilin veterans while providing tax benefits and other financial incentives for business .
Dili remains a nest of political intrigue .
Australia , Portugal and Malaysia all have security forces in the tiny country to promote their interests within the government and state apparatus .
China and Brazil are providing economic aid to extend their influence .
The police and army remain deeply factionalised and there is growing hostility to the continued presence of Australian troops , who remain outside UN control and were widely accused of being partisan in last year ’s elections .
For the past 20 months , Reinado has been something of a loose cannon .
Though he faced charges of murder and possession of illegal weapons , the major led a charmed life .
He was detained on weapons charges in 2006 , but literally walked out of the main Dili jail , even though it was guarded by Australian and New Zealand troops .
He evaded recapture and was always available for media interviews in his various hideouts .
In the lead up to the second presidential round , Ramos - Horta , to secure the support of the right - wing Democratic Party which won 19 percent in the first round , officially called off the hunt for Reinado .
In the midst of the continuing crisis , Reinado ’s threat last month to expose Gusmao ’s role in 2006 was a political bombshell with the potential to further undermine the East Timorese government and weaken Australian influence .
Alkatiri immediately demanded that Gusmao resign and called for fresh elections .
Ramos - Horta met Reinado at his base in Maubisse three weeks ago , no doubt to try to allay the major ’s frustration that his demand for the dropping of charges had not been met .
Last week , Australian troops were involved in a menacing standoff with Reinado as he was meeting with three government parliamentarians .
A week later he is dead .
Not only is a troublesome rebel now out of the way , but the governments in Dili and Canberra have immediately exploited the “ coup attempt ” to strengthen their respective positions .
Gusmao imposed a 48 - hour state of emergency and curfew and warned that he was going to strengthen security measures to “ guarantee that Timor Leste does not become a failed state ” .
In an extraordinary flurry of activity , the new Australian Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd spoke to Gusmao twice on Monday morning , convened a top level cabinet security committee and within hours had announced the dispatch of an extra 190 troops and federal police who arrived in East Timor yesterday afternoon .
Together with naval personnel , Australia now has a security force of 1,000 to stamp its influence over the island .
The editorials in yesterday ’s Australian press all declared that the new Labor government had passed his first test with flying colours .
Reinado ’s death is certainly convenient for Gusmao .
Whether there was a conspiracy to kill the major remains to be seen .
But one thing is clear : to immediately proclaim Monday ’s events as an attempted assassination and coup , as the Australian and international media have universally done , is to seek to block any serious investigation into this thoroughly murky affair .
[ Editor ’s note : In late March of last year , then - Representative Cynthia McKinney ( D - GA ) was involved in a dispute with a Capitol police officer .
Thursday , July 19th Representative Christopher Shays ( R- CN ) was involved in a dispute with a DC Capitol police officer .
Shays is a white male Republican .
McKinney is a black female Democrat .
It is of interest to see how the police , the press and the American public handle these two apparently directly parallel incidents . ]
By Jackie Kucinich
July 20 , 2007
Rep. Christopher Shays ( R - Conn . ) apologized Friday for an altercation with a Capitol Police officer Thursday afternoon in which the lawmaker repeatedly swore at an officer and touched his nametag to read it before storming away .
Shays said in a statement that his frustration with the officer initially stemmed from trying to find a family of constituents that was caught in the rain .
He described the interaction with the officer as “ inappropriate . ” 
( Original Article )
DIGG THIS
Congressman Ron Paul 's new book , The Revolution , is an unusual presidential campaign book in that the candidate — Dr. Paul — is almost entirely absent .
This is not to say that his presence is not felt ; indeed , Dr. Paul is with the reader every step of the way and writes in a clear and very direct style .
But the reader will find that Dr. Paul is not offering the audacity of hope or chanting change ; he does not argue that it takes a village or having slept with a former president ; and he surely does not hold up his military service as a reason why he should be elected .
Instead , Dr. Paul politely , laconically , but frankly lays it on the line for his countrymen : America is in significant and potentially catastrophic trouble economically , financially , and militarily ; the country 's political class is homogenous , gutless , and ill - educated ; its two major parties do not offer a nickel 's worth of difference on important issues , especially foreign policy [ pp. 2 , 26 , 163 ] ; and our leaders are consciously negating parts of the Constitution , compromising America 's national sovereignty , and circumscribing the liberties of Americans .
But then , astoundingly and correctly , Dr. Paul does not say " Only I can fix this mess " — as have Senators Clinton , Obama , and McCain — he says : " Only you , the American people , can fix this mess . "
Dr. Paul confronts
Americans with a reality that ought to both chill and inspire them .
Ours is not a fated existence , for nowhere is our destiny etched in stone .
In the final analysis , the last line of defense in support of freedom and the Constitution consists of the people themselves .
If the people want to be free , if they want to lift themselves out from underneath a state apparatus that threatens their liberties , squanders their resources on needless wars , destroys the value of their dollar , and spews forth endless propaganda about how indispensable it is and how lost we would be without it , there is no force that can stop them .
If freedom is what we want , it is ours for the taking . [ p. 167 ]
At the risk of angering some of this website 's readers , to my conservative - but - not - libertarian mind no American presidential candidate or serving president since Abraham Lincoln has put so clearly to Americans the problems they face and the sole means of their solution .
" I wish you to remember now and forever , " Mr. Lincoln told an audience in Indianapolis on 11 February 1861 ,
that it is your business not mine ; that if the union of these States and the liberties of this people , shall be lost , it is but little to any one man of fifty - two years of age , but a great deal to the thirty millions of people who inhabit these United States and to their posterity , in all coming time .
It is your business to rise up and preserve the Union and liberty , for yourselves , and not for me .
Albeit through far different philosophical lenses , Dr. Paul sees much the same thing as did Mr. Lincoln : an approaching national calamity that only the American people themselves can act to avert .
And Mr. Lincoln 's reference to " posterity " is an appropriate point from which to look at Dr. Paul 's concern for America 's future because he , as did Mr. Lincoln , believes that the guide for ensuring the welfare of our posterity lies in the Constitution left to Americans by the Founders of their republic .
Dr. Paul reminds
Americans that they are the inheritors — the posterity , if you will — of the work and guidance of the single wisest , most courageous , and most foresighted group of leaders who ever lived at one time and labored successfully to form a new republic .
Refusing to be fashionable — a most admirable characteristic — Dr. Paul forthrightly declares that the Founders ' work and guidance remain just as relevant to Americans today as it was two - plus centuries ago . [ p. 10 ]
In making this argument , he echoes Oxford Professor Daniel N. Robinson 's contention that the Founders drew from " the political life of early America [ which itself ] is an extended treatise on the nature of human nature , " a treatise that held as a certainties the beliefs that man was a flawed , non-perfectible creature whose attitudes and character did not change over the ages .
The Founders knew that people do not change , that good and evil are constants in history , and — most important — that power not freedom is the universal value .
As Dr. Paul notes , all U.S. politicians in this era pay lip service to the Founders and their work , but few seem to know anything about what the Founders thought , fought for , or passed on to us .
In so saying , Dr. Paul is being kind .
I doubt a single one of the other presidential candidates could extemporaneously compare and contrast the differences over the draft constitution that put fellow Virginians James Madison and George Mason at odds in 1787 .
Indeed , it would not surprise me if they failed to distinguish between a paper by Ben Franklin and the latest political pronouncement from Ben and Jerry , the Vermont socialists .
Dr. Paul has a well - honed contempt for charlatan politicians who talk a good game about their fidelity to the Founders , but by their actions show they regard them as a group of irrelevant and thankfully dead white males .
" These critics should have the honesty to condemn the Founding Fathers … [ but ] they would n't dare , " Dr. Paul writes , " But it would be refreshing to hear it stated in so many words : our current political class is blessed with historic genius , and Jefferson , Washington , and Madison were contemptible fools . " [ p. 14 ]
Let me say that I am not competent to assess the entire range of issues discussed by Dr. Paul in The Revolution , but that at least makes me the equal of all his presidential competitors .
On the issue of U.S. foreign policy and its impact , however , I have had a bit of experience and can say with confidence that no sections of Dr. Paul 's book are more immediately important to Americans than those dealing with foreign affairs .
America today faces a quickly approaching , total , worldwide , and economically ruinous war — in which the conscription of our young will be unavoidable — against growing numbers of Islamist fighters and their broadening support base .
And if there was ever a war that the United States did not need to wage in a total manner , it is this one .
At base , the war is about matters overwhelmingly internal to the Muslim world .
America has been attacked and will continue to be attacked not because the Islamists hate our freedoms and liberties or even because we are their main enemy .
We are being attacked because of the unrelentingly interventionist foreign policies our bipartisan political class has pursued in the Muslim world for more than 35 years .
This interventionism — as Dr. Paul so well argues — has involved us in other peoples ' wars in which America has no genuine national interests at stake , most notably in the Arab - Israeli religious war .
We were attacked in Yemen , Somalia , Saudi Arabia , East Africa , Yemen , again , New York , Washington , and now in Iraq and Afghanistan because of our decades - long record of interventionist policies , which have included unqualified and unconscionable support for Israel and equally unconscionable and unqualified support and protection for Muslim tyrannies like Saudi Arabia .
So mindless has been what Dr. Paul terms " hyperintervention " [ p. 16 ] that the United States finds itself in the absurd position of being the major backer and protector of both sides in the Arab - Israeli religious war , Saudi Arabia and Israel .
As Dr. Paul rightly says , the Islamists ' " grievances are basically that we 're u2018over there , " [ p. 18 ] and we are " over there " because of the lust of U.S. leaders to intervene .
" The point is a simple one , " Dr. Paul concludes , " when our government meddles around the world , it can stir up hornet 's nests and thereby jeopardize the safety of the American people .
That 's just common sense .
But hardly anyone dares to level with the American people about our fiasco of a foreign policy . " [ p. 19 ]
Hardly anyone , that is , except Dr. Paul .
In The Revolution , Dr. Paul has some kind things to say about my work , that of Dr. Robert Pape , and for the studies of others who have tried to focus Americans on the growing dangers to the United States posed by their political class 's overseas interventionism .
Always the self - deprecating gentleman , Dr. Paul does not mention that it is really those of us he compliments who ought to be thanking him for making it possible to begin a debate on the issue of interventionism .
Without Dr. Paul 's courage , persistence , and the popularity of his non-interventionist views among Americans in their mid-20s to mid-30s — which must be profoundly disturbing to the two major parties — there would be no such debate and bipartisan interventionism would continue to be the unquestioned order of the day .
Dr. Paul 's detailed and outspoken defiance of our political elite 's interventionist gospel , however , has begun to expand what Alexis de Tocqueville called the remarkably closed circle of acceptable speech in America .
Dr. Paul 's success is evident in that non-interventionists can now speak publicly and be smeared as appeasers , America - haters , and anti-Semites no more than 80 - percent of the time .
This , believe me , is a marked improvement as compared to several years ago .
And in an April , 2008 , talk I gave about my book Marching Towards Hell to San Francisco 's World Affairs Council and Chicago 's Global Affairs Council , I tried in the following brief digression to make a small payment on the large debt all non-interventionists owe Dr. Paul .
" And , if I may be frank , " I said to the hospitable San Franciscans and Chicagoans ,
Americans today face no bigger threat to their national security than Senators McCain , Obama , and Clinton who in May 2007 , along with those presidential candidates now withdrawn , condemned and tried to silence Texas Congressman Ron Paul for speaking the truth .
When Dr. Paul said that the Islamists attacked us on 9/11 because we had been intervening in their world for more than fifty years , he spoke the non-partisan truth on behalf of all of us .
And , yet , Dr. Paul was dismissed as absurd by most of his fellow candidates , and faced demands that he recant and apologize .
On that occasion , free speech was acceptable only if it meshed with our political class 's all - party line , which is summed up in the phrase : " The terrorists hate us for who we are , not for what we do . "
Today , this is the quite dishonest operating assumption of Senators McCain , Clinton , and Obama .
The most important impact of this sorry episode , however , is that Dr. Paul 's fellow candidates and the unctuous media deliberately halted the first post - 9/11 foreign policy discussion among senior U.S. politicians that would have worried Osama bin Laden and his allies .
When Dr. Paul told Americans the truth and was shunted aside by other candidates and the media , bin Laden and his ilk breathed a heavy sigh of relief .
For the time being , bin Laden 's only indispensable ally — the status quo in U.S. foreign policy — was safe .
To conclude , I can only urge Americans to get Dr. Paul 's The Revolution ; read and think about it ; and then share and talk about it with your family and friends .
But be prepared to feel a new burden of responsibility in your life because Dr. Paul makes it clear that America 's future is in its citizens ' hands .
Again at the risk of angering this site 's readers , Dr. Paul 's book will tell you exactly what Mr. Lincoln told Americans 170 years ago : " If destruction be our lot , we must ourselves be its author and finisher .
As a nation of freemen , we must live through all time , or die by suicide . "
Dr. Paul recognizes this reality and closes his book with the simple sentence : " Let the Revolution begin . " [ p. 167 ]
And so let it , but let us first underscore the importance of Dr. Paul 's exhortation by remembering that it must begin from our recognition of duty .
" But when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same Object , " a certain Mr. T. Jefferson of Virginia wrote in the summer of 1776 , " evinces a design to reduce them [ Americans ] under absolute Despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such Government , and to provide new Guards for their future security . "
Perhaps Dr. Paul should have written : " Do your duty Americans , let the revolution begin . "
May 7 , 2008
The Best of Michael Scheuer
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
On 21 February 2003 , a physician in Hong Kong was feeling particularly unwell .
He must have had an inkling that something serious was amiss , for his symptoms closely matched those of a number of patients he had treated in recent weeks : fever , aching muscles , headache , a dry cough , and shortness of breath .
An alarmingly high proportion of these people had become critically ill , with inflamed , fluid - saturated lungs .
Breathing was rendered somewhat difficult , and death frequently followed .
Although the sixty - four year old nephrologist resided in the Guangdong region of southern China , he was enjoying time away for a family wedding when the worst of the symptoms struck .
Sketchy reports of a mysterious respiratory illness had been filtering out of his home province for several months , but the official channels gave no indication of anything untoward .
The day he arrived in Hong Kong he felt well enough to check into his room on the ninth floor of the Metropole Hotel , and he even did some sightseeing and shopping later in the afternoon .
But the following morning his condition had worsened , and he was forced to seek care at the territory ’s Kwong Wah Hospital .
There he told staff he feared he had contracted “ a very virulent disease , ” and suggested immediate isolation .
Yet the damage had already been done .
Back at the Metropole Hotel , globetrotting guests from the ninth floor were preparing to leave for Canada , Singapore , and Vietnam .
Soon , they too would fall ill .
In less than a week , the world would be left poised on the brink of a pandemic .
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) had arrived .
While the occupants of the western hemisphere often remember the events in the context of an overblown media frenzy , many epidemiologists today regard the outbreak as a near - miss for humanity ⁠— one which might have become one of history ’s most unpleasant epidemics had it not been for the quick thinking and selflessness of a few individuals .
Dr Carlo Urbani
In early 2003 , the first unfortunates infected outside of Guangdong began to seek medical attention .
At this stage there seemed to be little cause for alarm .
Respiratory disease is common in Southeast Asia , and although the rumours coming out of southern China had instilled a heightened sense of readiness , nobody knew exactly what to expect .
Owing to the speed of modern air travel and the disease ’s incubation period of up to ten days , the individuals who had come into contact with the index case at the Metropole Hotel became unwittingly efficient vehicles for the newfangled virus .
The next few days would be crucial .
On 26 February , a businessman named Johnny Chen was admitted to The French Hospital in Hanoi , Vietnam suffering from a respiratory illness .
As his condition rapidly deteriorated , the staff sought the assistance of Dr Carlo Urbani , an Italian epidemiologist who was working with the local World Health Organization ( WHO ) office .
Vietnamese doctors feared a human case of avian H5N1 influenza , or ‘ bird flu’ , and were keen to involve the WHO at an early stage .
Donning a mask– unfortunately the hospital lacked goggles and other protective clothing – Dr Urbani examined the patient .
There was no history of fowl interaction , so bird flu seemed unlikely .
Two days later , hospital workers began to suffer from fever and dry cough .
While the disease was clearly infectious , extensive tests failed to reveal any known pathogen .
The esteemed Dr Urbani gave his considered opinion : this was serious .
The worried Vietnamese authorities concurred , and locked down the entire hospital .
The hospital staff isolated all patients and employees who showed symptoms , placed the premises under guard , and garbed all yet - to - be- infected hospital workers with proper protective clothing .
Over the next week Dr Urbani visited the hospital on a daily basis , helping the staff to maintain morale while introducing basic infection control procedures .
Urbani quickly recognised that they were dealing with something unusual , and persuaded the Vietnamese government to allow outside help .
He alerted WHO ’s Geneva headquarters on the 05 March , and shortly Hanoi became host to numerous international experts , including a team from the US Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) .
After two weeks attempting to master the mysterious disease , Dr Urbani was exhausted .
Eventually his wife and superiors persuaded him to take a break , and he decided to travel to Thailand , where he was scheduled to present a lecture at a medical conference .
On 11 March , as his plane flew high above the dense jungle of Indochina , Dr Urbani developed a headache .
Soon he spiked a fever and began coughing .
Upon landing , he was met by a CDC colleague .
Dr Urbani was quite aware of his symptoms ’ likely cause , so warned his friend not to approach , and called for an ambulance .
For some time the two men sat in silence , facing each other across a hopefully - safe distance while the paramedics assembled their protective gear .
One thing was certain : the Bangkok medical conference would be missing a speaker that year .
Elsewhere the virulent disease continued its global migration .
Forewarned by Dr Urbani and events in Vietnam , workers from the WHO were quick to connect the mushrooming reports of respiratory illness in Southeast Asia and beyond .
On 12 March , for the first time in its fifty year history , the organization issued a Global Alert .
Two days later , the gravity of the outbreak was underscored by the death of Johnny Chen , one of the microorganism ’s first high - profile victims .
SARS was formally named and defined , and a strategy of screening , isolation , and quarantine was recommended .
Meanwhile , a worldwide network of laboratories was set up to identify the cause of the illness .
Beakers and vials of various bodily fluids were shuffled around the globe for analysis .
As part of this effort , the world saw the first widespread and coordinated deployment of 21st century information technologies in the battle against epidemic disease : international experts used a dedicated secure website to share information , and made extensive use of teleconferencing facilities to communicate .
Virtually every weapon in mankind ’s medical armoury was deployed against the emerging threat .
By the end of March , a hitherto unknown type of coronavirus was identified as the probable SARS pathogen .
In an unprecedented two weeks , a Canadian team managed to sequence the virus ’ entire DNA code .
With this vital information , work could begin on developing diagnostic tests , treatments , and vaccines for the deadly disease .
Nonetheless the rate of new infections continued to increase .
The mortality rate of the disease approached 10 % , much higher than that of common respiratory conditions such as seasonal influenza , and higher even than the mortality rate of the deadly 1918 “ Spanish Flu ” pandemic .
Anybody – young or old– in close contact with an infected person was at risk of contracting SARS , including hospital staff members .
An outbreak in Hong Kong ’s Amoy Gardens signalled that the disease was becoming endemic in the general population , indicating to epidemiologists that SARS was probably here to stay .
Soon the international media itself developed a headache - inducing fever .
Anxious news reports braced the world for an orgy of wholesale death and disability .
Some near - panicked citizens started wearing medical face masks , erroneously believing that the virus was readily transmitted in the outside air .
The cost of masks doubled across the Far East , while in Taiwan , supply shortages prompted villagers to strap bras across their faces to guard against the fearful SARS germ .
In the absence of any official information and guidance , confused Chinese citizens bought up vinegar and other ineffective folk remedies on a massive scale .
As epidemiologists redoubled their efforts to contain the disease , it became apparent that an important link was missing .
As early as December 2002 , the WHO had requested information from the Chinese authorities regarding the mysterious Guangdong disease .
China ’s response was spectacularly sparse .
As the crisis unfolded , China was quick to assume a leadership role in crisis - denial .
They consistently under - reported the number of cases , they withheld information from international health organizations and from the Chinese people , and their official pronouncements ranged from highly misleading to laughably over - optimistic .
Although a WHO team eventually gained access to the country , the Chinese government severely restricted their movements .
When the disease reached Beijing and began to spread through military hospitals , the international experts were helpless to assist .
Chinese doctors treating SARS cases in the city were sworn to silence , aware that their career , freedom , and personal safety were at stake .
Beijing 's Forbidden City
In early April , however , a 71 year - old doctor named Jiang Yanyong began to speak out against the official policy .
Unlike most Chinese dissenters , Dr Jiang openly identified himself , and made no secret of his role as a senior military doctor in the People ’s Liberation Army , and a lifelong member of the Communist Party .
Perhaps he owed his doggedness to his advancing years ; while he understood the authorities ’ efforts to maintain prestige and public order , he was convinced that the free flow of information would be needed to halt the spread of the disease .
If SARS were to rampage unchecked among the 1.3 billion Chinese population , the best disease - control efforts of other countries would be in vain .
Regardless of the great personal risk , Dr Jiang dispatched a concerned email to two TV stations in Hong Kong .
Soon his writings were in the hands of the international press , including a translation in Time magazine which exposed China ’s information - tweaking hijinks to the English - speaking world .
Not long afterwards , he openly criticized his superiors at an international press conference .
Dr Jiang ’s gambit successfully stirred up widespread international outcry .
The world ’s attention insulated him from repercussions , and his government was forced to acknowledge the true extent of the SARS problem and develop effective public health programs .
The WHO team was permitted full access to study the disease in Guangdong , the mayor of Beijing and the Health Minister were sacked , and the authorities issued a rare public apology .
With the establishment of effective infection controls , the tide started to turn .
By the end of May 2003 , the rate of new cases began to fall worldwide , and by June they slowed to a trickle .
By July , two hundred patients remained in various hospitals across the world but no new infections were being reported .
Over the next few weeks the remaining patients either recovered or died .
Suddenly – almost as quickly as it had appeared– SARS was gone .
Coronavirus
Ultimately the disease infected over eight thousand people , and caused nearly eight hundred deaths .
While these few hundred fatalities pale in comparison to the millions of deaths caused every year by familiar killers such as malaria and HIV , the importance of the SARS story goes far beyond a simple body count .
Many troubling scientific questions remain unanswered , such as why and how the SARS virus triggered Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome in many patients .
It is believed that the Spanish flu virus caused a similar inflammatory response , thereby killing about 40 million people worldwide between 1918 and 1920 .
Another mystery concerns the origin of the SARS coronavirus .
One possible animal source has been identified as the civet cat– a small forest - dwelling mammal confined to Southeast Asia and eaten as a delicacy by some people in southern China– but later an almost - identical virus was found in the horseshoe bat , a species found throughout Europe and Asia .
How the disease jumped between these species , and onwards into humans , remains unclear .
The solving of such conundrums would signal a new level in our understanding of epidemic disease as a whole , not just of SARS .
In public health circles , the SARS outbreak remains a vitally important case study for how to respond to emerging infections .
International epidemiologists pore over the lessons from the near - pandemic , and consider how best to use them in anticipated outbreaks of bird flu , or other inevitable plagues of the future .
But apart from one blip in 2004 –related to an accidental laboratory spillage– SARS seems to have totally disappeared as a human disease .
For the general public , it ’s difficult to know what to make of the SARS story .
The public perception is polluted by images of isolation - suited medics , mask - wearing city - dwellers , and unearthly infrared figures in airport thermal scanners .
Then , as now , it was easy to dismiss it all as “ media hype . ”
But victory in the battle against SARS was never a given .
Prompt action by doctors and public health officials kept fatalities down , and the timely interventions of a few key people were crucial in preventing a probable pandemic that could have killed many thousands ⁠ — if not millions ⁠— of people worldwide .
Though some individuals such as Dr Jiang managed to weather the skirmish unscathed , Dr Urbani was not so fortunate .
On 29 March 2003 , the eminent epidemiologist succumbed to the SARS virus in a makeshift isolation room in a Thai hospital a long way from home .
Let us not forget the efforts of Drs Jiang , Urbani , and the other heroes of SARS .
Some paid a high price indeed .
Here are five splendid stories , imagining five major American authors on the verge of death each rooted in biographical facts and presented in the authors own particular style that are harrowing , heartfelt , incredibly moving , that cut to the depths of the psyche , probing with such laser - lean , honed prose that it ’ll take your breath away .
Download Download
Thursday afternoon , as Mitt Romney was dropping out of the race kicking and screaming and Senator John McCain was trying to make nice with the GOP base at the CPAC convention , candidate Mike Huckabee was nowhere to be found -- that is until cameras caught up with him outside the studios of ... The Tyra Banks Show ?
That 's right , rather than speak to the rabid base of his party in the heat of a presidential race , the Huckster appeared on a show that recently showed a whole row of women , including Banks herself , who all took off their pants on camera .
Sinners !
There might be some logic to this move , though .
Huckabee appeared on The Tonight Show the night before the Iowa caucus -- perhaps he thinks history will repeat itself ?
Huckabee vowed to stay in the race even though there is no way he can beat John McCain ( D - AZ ) even if he runs the table in all remaining primaries .
Do n't worry Huckabee fans , it appears God 's candidate will be speaking at CPAC Saturday morning .
Sen .
John McCain is already spreading the old " strategic interests " fertilizer along the presidential campaign trail while pretending to be an expert .
Let ’s hope he really can explain what interests require us to maintain troops in Germany and Japan 63 years after the end of the war .
What exactly is the purpose of those troops ?
Are we expecting the Mongols to descend on Japan ?
Does he expect the Cossacks will ride across the plains to attack Europe ?
Does he think that two of the greatest economic powers on Earth  Japan and Europe  are too poor to defend themselves ?
The old boy is living in the past .
When American politicians talk about strategic interests , they are talking about just what I called it , manure .
We have no strategic interests in the Middle East whatsoever .
We wish to buy oil there .
Last time I checked , those countries that produce oil were selling it to any country willing to buy it , whether that country had troops in the area or not .
Since oil is n’t edible , there ’s not a heck of a lot you can do with it if you do n’t sell it .
What are all those Navy ships in the Persian Gulf doing ?
Do McCain and George Bush seriously believe that Iran would launch an invasion of Saudi Arabia ?
That ’s ridiculous .
There might be some aspects of Iran ’s government we do n’t care for , and that ’s OK , because it is not our government and we do n’t have to live under it .
Nobody in his right mind , however , has ever accused Iran of being an expansionist nation .
All McCain has to do is read up on his history and ask the CIA to explain to him Iran ’s order of battle .
Their forces are not equipped for invasions .
As for the nuclear nonsense , both Iran and our own intelligence agencies say that the Iranians are not interested in developing nuclear weapons .
But suppose they were .
Who cares ?
I ’m much more concerned about the nuclear weapons in Russia , China , India , Pakistan , France , Great Britain , the U.S. and Israel .
Iran is one of the oldest civilizations on Earth , and its people are smart .
They are not crazy .
They know that one day their oil will run out , and they want to develop nuclear power .
They signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
They have called repeatedly for a nuclear - free Middle East .
To compete with the nuclear powers , they ’d have to produce so many nuclear weapons and delivery systems , it would bankrupt them .
They ’ve decided that option would be foolish .
Now if they can only convince our foolish politicians .
I sometimes think our older politicians fell in love with the British Empire .
I think many of them secretly long to sit on a veranda somewhere and be served drinks by humble servants .
They love the idea of empire .
The admirals and generals like to fly around to our 702 overseas bases , play a little golf , have a few drinks and fly home again .
The reality is that we can no longer afford our overseas empire , no matter what strategic interests McCain and Bush like to fantasize about .
We ’re about to go bust .
It ’s pretty hard to maintain an empire on credit when you have borrowed money from the people you claim to be lording it over .
The Philippines kicked us out of our bases there .
I predict the Japanese will eventually do the same .
Get a stable government in North Korea and the South Koreans will be showing us the door .
We should leave on our own and devote those billions of dollars to domestic priorities .
Bush is mad to push the expansion of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization .
It should be disbanded , not expanded .
It has no enemy .
By expanding it , however , Bush seems to be trying to convince Russia that NATO is its enemy .
That ’s not a smart thing to do .
It ’s dumb .
Talk about something that is not in our strategic interests , it ’s restarting the Cold War with Russia .
As the country that taught the cricketing world how to sledge , Australia has not been known for its sensitivity to bad language .
Swearing , at least among friends or colleagues , is part of the everyday vernacular .
But the country seems to be losing its sense of humour over the expletive - filled outbursts of Gordon Ramsay on his reality television shows which are being shown on prime time TV .
Yesterday Australia 's Catholic church became the latest to complain , saying that the chef 's shows should be taken off air or moved to a later time slot .
Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares and Hell 's Kitchen are broadcast three nights a week in Australia at 8.30 pm and 9.30 pm , when many children have yet to go to bed .
One episode recently featured the Michelin - starred chef using the F word more than 80 times and the C word twice .
The bad language has already prompted calls for the country 's broadcasting code of conduct to be reviewed .
" There can be no excuse for vilification of this sort .
We conclude that this episode should never have been aired on Australian television , " the church in the southern city of Adelaide said in a submission to a parliamentary inquiry which is investigating standards in television .
Schools and parents groups have also lodged complaints , with the principal of one Melbourne school advising parents to ban their young children from watching them .
Lesley McCarthy of Flemington Primary School said bad language in the playground had increased since the British chef 's shows have been showing on TV .
" It 's a really big concern , " she said .
" If the children see one of their heroes in the media swearing , then they think it 's OK .
It 's the same with our football stars . "
Australia 's Channel Nine is broadcasting the programmes and says it has no plans to move them to a later time slot .
Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares has become the station 's number one hit .
A bi-partisan parliamentary inquiry is hearing evidence on the frequency and use of swearing on Australian television and whether tighter regulation is needed .
Currently , swearing is permitted on Australian TV if it is deemed important to a storyline .
Ramsay , who is due to open a restaurant in Melbourne at the end of the year , has already declared that he is scaling back his use of swearing in the kitchen and encouraging his staff to do so too .
He also has his supporters in Australia .
The New South Wales Council for Civil Liberties said any attempts to interfere with the programmes would be a restriction of free speech .
" Not everyone is offended by coarse language , " the council said in its submission to the inquiry .
FURTHER problems with the fortune - cookie version of the What 's the Matter With Kansas false - consciousness thesis that keeps cropping up .
Look who clings to guns , for instance :
Who are all these gun owners ?
Are they the uneducated poor , left behind ?
It turns out they have the same level of formal education as nongun owners , on average .
Furthermore , they earn 32 % more per year than nonowners .
Americans with guns are neither a small nor downtrodden group .
Nor are they " bitter . "
In 2006 , 36 % of gun owners said they were " very happy , " while 9 % were " not too happy . "
Meanwhile , only 30 % of people without guns were very happy , and 16 % were not too happy .
In 1996 , gun owners spent about 15 % less of their time than nonowners feeling " outraged at something somebody had done . "
It 's easy enough in certain precincts to caricature armed Americans as an angry and miserable fringe group .
But it just is n't true .
The data say that the people in the approximately 40 million American households with guns are generally happier than those people in households that do n't have guns .
That 's on the heels of this , from Thursday :
Small - town , working - class people are more likely than their cosmopolitan counterparts , not less , to say they trust the government to do what ’s right .
In the 2004 National Election Study conducted by the University of Michigan , 54 percent of these people said that the government in Washington can be trusted to do what is right most of the time or just about always .
Only 38 percent of cosmopolitan people expressed a similar level of trust in the federal government .
Do small - town , working - class voters cast ballots on the basis of social issues ?
Yes , but less than other voters do .
Among these voters , those who are anti-abortion were only 6 percentage points more likely than those who favor abortion rights to vote for President Bush in 2004 .
The corresponding difference for the rest of the electorate was 27 points , and for cosmopolitan voters it was a remarkable 58 points .
Similarly , the votes cast by the cosmopolitan crowd in 2004 were much more likely to reflect voters ’ positions on gun control and gay marriage .
Small - town , working - class voters were also less likely to connect religion and politics .
Support for President Bush was only 5 percentage points higher among the 39 percent of small - town voters who said they attended religious services every week or almost every week than among those who seldom or never attended religious services .
The corresponding difference among cosmopolitan voters ( 34 percent of whom said they attended religious services regularly ) was 29 percentage points .
I 'm not sure how much should be read into the second set of data there :
This may just be picking up the fact that low - education voters tend to also be low - information voters , and therefore casting ballots in response to aesthetic factors ill - predicted by any position .
Which is n't to deny that high - education voters are immune to their own version of this sort of thing :
They appear more likely to be swayed by a well - constructed speech .
Iraq decisionmaking as courageous as pardoning Richard Nixon , Cheney says John Byrne
Published : Tuesday March 25 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Asked last week what he thought of the fact two thirds of Americans no longer supported the war in Iraq , Vice President Dick Cheney had a simple reply : " So ? " But in a followup interview -- which received little attention -- Cheney went on to compare President Bush 's decision to invade the country with President Gerald Ford 's decision to pardon Richard Nixon .
" I had the experience , for example , of working for Jerry Ford , and I 've never forgotten the travails he went through after he had been president for 30 days when he issued the pardon of former president Nixon , " Cheney told ABC News correspondent Martha Raddatz .
" And there was consternation coast to coast . "
" The president had to go up -- chose to go up before the Judiciary Committee of the House and testify in order to put down the rumors that somehow there had been a deal between he and President Nixon , that if he would pardon Nixon , then he would get to be president himself , " Cheney continued .
" I rode up there with him that day and sat in the hearing room while he answered all those questions .
I know how much grief he took for that decision , and it may well have cost him the presidency in ' 76 . "
" Thirty years later , nearly everybody would say it is exactly the right thing to do , that if he'd paid attention at the time to the polls he never would have done that , " he added .
" But he demonstrated , I think , great courage and great foresight , and the country was better off for what Jerry Ford did that day .
And 30 years later , everybody recognized it .
" And I have the same strong conviction the issues we 're dealing with today -- the global war on terror , the war in Afghanistan and Iraq -- that all of the tough calls the president has had to make , that 30 years from now it will be clear that he made the right decisions , and that the effort we mounted was the right one , and that if we had listened to the polls , we would have gotten it wrong . "
In the interview yesterday , Cheney also defended his response to the earlier question about polls showing Americans ' disdain for the war .
" Look , there are alot of people out there , Martha , that do n't agree with me about a lot of things , but if I wanted to be loved , I 'd ought to be a TV correspondent , not a politician , " he said .
Fox commentator slams Clinton , jokes about killing Obama Nick Langewis
Published : Sunday May 25 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Update : Fox commentator apologizes ; Clinton aides blames Obama camp for uproar Sunday morning , while discussing the media uproar surrounding Senator Clinton 's latest invocation of Senator Robert F. Kennedy 's assassination , Liz Trotta , former New York bureau chief of the Washington Times , unsubtly confused U.S. Senator and presidential candidate Barack Obama with Saudi jihadist and purported 9/11 mastermind Osama bin Laden ... and perhaps placed similar value on their lives on live television .
" For years , the media has told us that Hillary Clinton is the smartest person in the world , " Trotta said , " and that 's up for grabs now .
And the media 's catching on to that , as well .
The ' vast right - wing conspiracy ' blame has been undermined by her evasions , by her outright lies , if I may say ; by her pandering , by her race - baiting -- and now we have what some are reading as a suggestion that somebody knock off Os - - Osama - - um , uh - - Obama .
Well , both , if we could ... "
On Monday , Trotta apologized for what she called a " lame attempt at humor . "
She and anchor Bill Hemmer were discussing an essay Clinton wrote in the New York Daily News explaining her determination to remain the the Democratic race and dismissing the uproar over her reference to Robert F. Kennedy 's assassination as a reason she 's staying in the race .
The reference was simply meant to point out that Democratic primaries have extended into June before , she said , and Clinton has apologized to the Kennedy family -- although not to Obama .
Clinton 's campaign says she should n't have to apologize to her Democratic primary opponent , and Clinton advisers have blamed Obama 's camp for stoking the controversy over her ill - phrased reference .
The segments are available below to view , as posted to YouTube and broadcast on Fox News on May 25 and 26 , 2008 :
MELBOURNE : A 12 - year - old Australian girl has been allowed by a court to begin the process of a sex change , despite objections from her father who said the child was too young to make the decision .
A hormone treatment was initiated on the unnamed girl , as the first step towards a complete gender switch after the court pronounced the order on an application filed by her mother , the Sunday Herald - Sun reported on Sunday .
The court also permitted the girl to obtain a new birth certificate , passport and medicare card in a boy 's name .
Besides the mother , a state government observer , an endocrinologist , a psychiatrist , a family counsellor and a lawyer had supported the child 's decision in the application .
However , her father , who did not attend the final court hearing , opposed the proposed gender swap , refusing to accept that his daughter had always seen herself as a boy .
He also considered the child too young to make the decision , the court was told .
But the child 's lawyer held that the girl was capable of making an informed decision .
The girl is one of the youngest patients in Australia to be granted permission to begin a sex change treatment .
The hormone treatment , which was initiated on the child to prevent her from starting her menstrual cycle was reversible , the court was told , and would give the family " breathing time " before the final phase of the therapy was implemented .
A further court application will be needed before the testosterone treatment begins to deepen her voice and promote growth of facial hair and muscles , the newspaper said .
Further surgeries on the child would have to wait until she is at least 18 .
Summary of the lecture
Effects of Pornography on Human Behavior : The Current State of Research
Held at the European Federation of Sexology Congress in Berlin July 1 , 2000
by Erik Möller
This version for Everything2 was edited and prepared by the author on July 16 , 2000 .
The online version is at < http://www.scireview.de/efs>.
The summary was a very quick hack , but it should give people not familiar with research on porn a good overview .
If you have questions or comments , send me an e-mail .
I have added hard and soft links where I found them useful , not simply for the purpose of being funny .
This summary is intentionally kept short .
A complete article on the effects of pornography is currently in peer review for a scientific journal .
After its publication ( or non-publication ) , it will be presented here .
Erik Möller
Student of Media & Computer Science at the University of Applied Sciences , Berlin , Germany
Freelance Writer : newspapers , computer magazines , web sites
Scientific Review Service : review of papers on a given subject for companies or organizations
Editor of German Internet Magazine " Der Humanist "
E-Mail : moeller@scireview.de
Erik Möller and Pornography
I investigated the problem of Internet Censorship
Problem : Pornography is supposed to be censored on the Internet , claims of harm are accepted without reservation
Question :
Which scientific foundation do these claims have ?
Contacted Researchers , compiled a synopsis on behalf of a German TV self - control organization
Paper in peer review
Introduction to the Problem
Presidential Commission
Dr. James W. Prescott 's Research on Origins of Violence
Meese Commission , Later Research
Crime Statistics : Kutchinsky , my own ( omitted here , because it was not presented at the lecture )
Introduction to the Problem :
past 30 years : > 850 sci. studies on the effects of pornography
three main hypotheses negative effect : incresing sexual aggression , especially rape : first primarily put forward by religious conservatives and fundamentalists , later > 1970 feminists " Pornography is the theory , rape the practice " - Susan Brownmiller , feminist .
Dworkin , MacKinnon , Germany : Schwarzer since 1978
There are also pro-porn feminists like Wendy McElroy & Nadine Strossen zero effect : sexual aggression is not influenced , pornography does not affect human behavior positive effect : " catharsis " hypothesis : exposure to erotica leads to sexual release , which favors non-violent behavior => possibly decreasing rape rates after legalizing porn .
All hypotheses were subject of intense legal / poltical debate .
The questions that were asked were : May adults have access to porn ?
How about juveniles ?
Since 1967 , pornography has been legalized for adults in many European countries .
The first were :
1967 Denmark ( texts ) age > 15 y
1969 Denmark ( images ) age > 15 y
1971 Sweden
1973 Germany ( age > 17 y )
1967 Denmark ( texts ) age > 15 y 1969 Denmark ( images ) age >15 y 1971 Sweden 1973 Germany ( age > 17 y ) these changes were often the result of a more progressive attitude in the media and the general population , porn was already often tolerated 1 - 2 years before the release ( writes Kutchinsky for Denmark ) , AKA sexual revolution
The porn question is still unanswered in the year 2000 .
While the access of adults to erotic material is generally accepted , the exposure of juveniles to pornography is still considered harmful and legally prevented , without the lawmakers revealing the scientific basis for these legal restrictions .
The Presidential Commission
Most important porn research ever : Presidential Commission on Obscenity and Pornography
1967 created by the US Congress , appointed by Lyndon B. Johnson
1968 4 subcommittees are formed , one of them deals with the effects of pornography
goal : not only summarize existing research , also conduct new studies
created by the US Congress , appointed by Lyndon B. Johnson 4 subcommittees are formed , one of them deals with the effects of pornography not only summarize existing research , also conduct new studies 2 million US$ , 80 independent porn-studies , also from researchers in different countries
Final report : no causal relationship between exposure to pornography and any kind of socio- sexual deviance , including criminality & delinquency recommended removing the national laws that prohibited distr .
porn to adults juveniles :
no empirical evidence for any harm not enough results , experiments would be judged unethical
Even with these reservations the results were still too hot for the US public and , even more so , the now Republican administration ( Pres. Johnson was followed by Nixon )
the publication of the report was only possible together with a minority report this was not for reasons of democracy , it was a deliberate cover up minority report by : Hill , Keating , Link
Hill : catholic priest , founder of " Moral in the Media "
C. Keating : only commission member appointed by Pres. Nixon president of " Citizens for Decent Literature " , founded 1955 1960 testimony before the US House of Representatives , collected hundreds of books and magazines that were deemed obscene and burned by the subcommittee of the House produced fictional movies that portrayed the story of a teenage youth who , under the influence of pornography , rapes and kills an 11 - year - old girl .
This contributed to the SNUFF myth of films in which the female actors are raped and killed ( in reality ) .
Such films do not exist , according to several studies .
got involved in a banking scandal , 12 years of prison it's not difficult to see that these were not objective scientists but moral crusaders against porn , they admitted this in their minority report :
" We believe that it is IMPOSSIBLE and COMPLETELY UNNCESSARY to prove or refute a cause - and - effect relationship between porn & criminal behavior "
Their beliefs were the reason for their report , not the scientific facts Nixon himself was not interested in the facts , quote : " So long as I am in the White House there will be no relaxation of the national effort to control and eliminate smut from our national life ..
I totally reject this report "
Although not that much later he resigned because of Watergate , that did n't help the results which were more or less forgotten .
Pornography laws were different from state to state , and no real reform was accomplished .
Besides the short summary I gave , what has the commission found in detail ?
Too much to present , but some excerpts : Kutchinsky / crime : no rape correlation , other crimes decreased in Kopenhagen after the legalization of pornography : sexual abuse of children , harassment of women , voyeurism - these he attributed specifically to attitude / behavior change caused by pornography ( for the others he could not exclude other factors as possible causes ) Kant & Goldstein : rapists consumed less pornography than non-rapists , even less sado - masochistic pornography (! ) .
They had repressive parents , condemned premarital sex , relied on their wives for sexual information , one of them did n't even know how babies are born other studies by Walker , Johnson , Cook & Fosen : significantly later first confrontation with pornography than non-rapists contrary to the clame that pornography is a form of sexual repression and that porn consumers are more sexually reserved than others is also refuted : pornography consumers are more sexually liberal , advocate premarital sex and have positive attitudes towards homosexuality according to Abelson , Cohen , Heaton ( USA ) and Zetterberg ( Sweden ) no differences after the immediate confrontation with pornography attitudes towards women were checked , they improved ( Mosher ) , concluded : favors catharis hypothesis
The Prescott Research
lots of other research shows sex offenders grow up in sexually repressive environment - - too many to mention .
Gebhard et al. , Amir , Churchill , Gagnon & Simon and many others
perhaps something unexpected for those familiar with the history of porn : a little excursion to the true origins of sexual violence
James W. Prescott : NICHD , NIH Development Behavioral Biology Program , Health Scientist Administrator 1966 to 1980
researched the origins and effects of child abuse and neglect
both neurological and sociological research
neuro : pain & pleasure " circuits " in the brain exclude each other , both can't be active at the same time studies on monkeys with electrodes , R.G. Heath studies on humans : stimulation of septal region of the brain leads to positive ( humans : flirtative ) behavior , raging animal will immediately calm down .. these regions are also active during sexual pleasure , including , of course , that derived from pornography consumption and resulting masturbation
socio : comparison based on huge data catalog compiled by R.B. Textor ( one of the biggest books ever printed ) that included information about primitive cultures , both existing and extinct ones , collected by anthropologists from ancient to modern times
different parameters checked
results : cultures that allow premarital sex and lavish their infants with physical affection are 100 % non-violent , cultures that either punish premarital sex or neglect or punish infants are often violent , the more either or both happen , the more extreme is the violence .
Also high religious fundamentalism , greed , slavery present in these cultures
this was published in The Futurist and later reprinted in the renowned Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists because of its perceived importance .
Also discussed in FORTUNE , Valzelli's book on violence , TV documentaries .. mentioned in Carl Sagan 's Cosmos ( best selling US sci book of all time ) in the chapter " Who Speaks for Earth " , comprehensive summary of his research ( see excerpt from Sagan 's book and full text of Prescott 's article
and later reprinted in the renowned because of its perceived importance .
Also discussed in FORTUNE , Valzelli's book on violence , TV documentaries .. mentioned in Carl Sagan's ( best selling US sci book of all time ) in the chapter " Who Speaks for Earth " , comprehensive summary of his research ( see excerpt from Sagan 's book and full text of Prescott 's article in 1980 dismissal from NICHD because of public appearances & publications , official reason given : " REMOVAL FOR IMPROPER USE OF OFFICAL POSITION AND RESOURCES TO PROMOTE RESEARCH ON DEVELOPMENTAL ORIGINS OF VIOLENCE & CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT , SUBJECTS THAT ARE NOT WITHIN THE MISSION OF THE NICHD " = research on child abuse and neglect are not within the mission of the National Institute of Child Health & Development .
Clearly disproved by earlier mission statements , but that ended Prescott 's career
hardly any more significant media appearances , work is nearly forgotten
The perhaps best explanation for sexual and other violence , with , as it seems , completely waterproof evidence - - nobody ever refuted Prescott -- is hardly known today .
Violence is blamed on TV , parents , politics & pornography , but not on its true causes : sexual & emotional repression , neglect , non-loving environments .
A child that is not loved will be a violent child .
Common sense , but still not widely accepted .
Dr. Prescott 's research is very important for understanding the pornography problem and the true origins of violence .
I have tried to collect and preserve Dr. Prescott 's work ( with his permission ) .
You can find it on < http://www.violence.de>.
After the Presidential Commission , several individual studies were conducted , perhaps some of the most importand ones by Neil Malamuth , Edward Donnerstein & their colleagues , and many others who conducted similar experiments with similar results .
The Donnerstein Experiments
basic principle always the same : one group consumes erotic stimuli , of hard - or softcore nature , and they are given the opportunity to " punish " female subjects that anger them with faked electroshocks or in another way .
The quantity of electroshocks they deliver is compared to that of different control groups .
Results : mild erotica reduces level of punishment " hardcore " pornography increases the level of punishment
eagerly taken up by pornography critics
several problems with this , most important one : the consumers of hard porn were not given opportunity to masturbate .
Thus it is an experiment for sexual repression .
During normal porn consumption there is always sexual release , the experimental situation is abnormal .
If they would have been given the opportunity to masturbate and to " punish " someone who angered them with faked electroshocks after having orgasm , both Prescott 's research and common sense suggest that the punishment would be weaker .
not only that : the mild erotica did lead to weaker punishment .
Explanation :
This does not lead to actual arousal that demands release , but only to a general positive feeling .
Like looking at a beautiful woman should n't make any man more aggressive , so should n't looking at mild erotica .
But looking at a hardcore porn movie , getting an erection and then being denied the opportunity to masturbate obviously leads to frustration & aggression .
Because of this , Donnerstein & Malamuth actually ( unknowingly ) supported the null hypothesis or the catharsis hypothesis
The Meese Commission
1984 under Reagon administration , Gen Attorney Edwin Meese
Reasoning : " New evidence that correlate porn and antisocial behavior "
Actually this evidence was supposed to be fabricated by the commission
This is no exaggeration .
The Meese commission was little more than a sad joke .
The facts :
Even many of the Commission 's quoted researchers contradicted its conclusions
Six of the 11 members were widely known opponents of porn
The commission did n't pay research and did n't receive much money
All testimonies had the goal of creating anti-pornographic statements , with regard to the selection of witnesses and the questions asked Even the commission freely admits that its conclusions are not based on scientific facts but on " common sense , personal insights and intuition . "
ridiculous , but not really perceived by the public as such and often quoted today as evidence for harm of porn .
Erotika und Pornographie
One of the most important individual studies , also one of the more recent ones :
" Erotika und Pornographie " , Henner Ertel 1990 : long - term study , representative sample of ~ 10000 German pop. , questioning , tests on individuals Basically everything that the first Presidential Commission found was confirmed .
no " spiral of escalation " , meaning that exposure to soft porn does not lead to interest in hardcore pornography , interest in hardcore pornography does not lead to a desire in animal or child pornography and so on no attempts of restaging the actions displayed in erotic / pornographic movies , no paraphilic behavior , sexual violence or sexual coercion ( unless there was already a predisposition for it ) no negative effects on sexual scripts , partnership , attitudes .
" Erotika und Pornographie " , Henner Ertel 1990 : long - term study , representative sample of ~ 10000 German pop. , questioning , tests on individuals
Abelson H. et al. ( 1970 ) : Public attitudes toward and experience with erotic materials .
Technical reports of the Commission on Obscenity and Pornography .
Bd. 6 . Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office .
Abramson , P. und Hayashi , H. ( 1984 ) : Pornography in Japan .
In : N. Malamuth und E. Donnerstein ( Hg. ) : Pornography and Sexual Aggression ( S. 178-183 ) .
New York , Academic Press .
Amir , M. ( 1965 ) : Patterns in forcible rape .
Unpublished doctoral dissertation .
University of Pennsylvania , 1965 .
Baron , R. A. ( 1973 ) : Effects of heightened sexual arousal on physical aggression .
Proceedings , 81st Annual Convention , APA , S. 171-172 .
Ben-Veniste , R. ( 1970 ) : Pornography and sex crime - the Danish experience .
Technical reports of the Commission on Obscenity and Pornography .
Bd. 2 . Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office .
Califia , Pat ( 1986 ) : The Obscene , Disgusting , and Vile Meese Commission Report
( http://eserver.org/cultronix/califia/meese/).
In : Public Sex : The Culture of Radical Sex . Pittsburgh , Cleif Press , 1994 .
Churchill , W. ( 1967 ) : Homosexual behaviour among males .
New York .
Cochrane , P. ( 1978 ) : Sex Crimes and Pornography Revisited .
International Journal of Criminology and Penology , 6 , S. 307-317 .
Cook , R. F. und Fosen , R. H. ( 1970 ) : Pornography and the sex offender .
Patterns of exposure and immediate arousal effects of pornographic stimuli .
Technical reports of the Commission on Obscenity and Pornography .
Bd. 7 . Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office .
Court , John H. ( 1976 ) : Pornography and Sex Crimes : A Re-evaluation in the Light of Recent Trends around the World .
International Journal of Criminology and Penology , 5 , S. 129-157 .
Donnerstein , E. und Hallam , J. ( 1978 ) : Facilitating Effect of Erotica on Aggression Against Women .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , Bd. 36 , Nr. 11 , S. 1270 - 1277 .
Donnerstein , E. et al. ( 1987 ) : The Attorney General 's Commission on Pornography : The Gaps between ` Findings ' and Facts , American Bar Foundation Research Journal 4 , S.723 .
Downs , J. F. ( 1990 ) : Nudity in Japanese Visual Media : A Cross-Cultural Observation .
Archives of Sexual Behavior , Bd. 19 , Nr. 6 , S. 583-594 .
Dubet , F. und Layperonnie , D. ( 1994 ) : Im Aus der Vorstädte .
Der Zerfall der demokratischen Gesellschaft .
Stuttgart , Klett - Cotta .
Edwards , D. M. ( 1992 ) : Politics and Pornography : A Comparison of the Findings of the President 's Commission and the Meese Commission and the Resulting Response ( http://home.earthlink.net/~durangodave/articles/Censorship.htm).
McElroy , Wendy ( 1995 ) : XXX .
A Woman 's Right To Pornography .
New York .
Emma ( 1998 ) : 20 Jahre Kampf .
Emma , Mai/ Juni , S. 80 - 81 .
Ertel , Henner ( 1990 ) : Erotika und Pornographie .
Repräsentative Befragung und psychophysiologische Langzeitstudie zu Konsum und Wirkung .
München , Psychologie - Verlags - Union .
Everybody 's News ( 1992 ) : Citizens for Community Values : Defining YOUR Community .
Everybody 's News , July 3 - 16 .
Finan , Christopher M. ( 1998 ) : Catherine A. MacKinnon : The Rise of a Feminist Censor , 1983 - 1993 ( http://www.mediacoalition.org/reports/mackinnon.html).
Frodi , Ann ( 1977 ) : Sexual Arousal , Situational Restrictiveness , and Aggressive Behavior .
Journal of Research in Personality , 11 , S. 48 -58 .
Gagnon , J. H. und Simon , W. ( 1967 ) : Sexual deviance .
New York .
Galbraith , G. G. und Mosher , D. L. ( 1968 ) : Associative sexual responses in relation to sexual arousal , guilt , and external approval contingencies .
Journal of Personality and Psychology , 10 , S. 142-147 .
Gebhard , P. H. et al. ( 1965 ) : Sex offenders .
An analysis of types .
New York .
Geiser , R. L. ( 1979 ) : Hidden victims - the sexual abuse of children , Boston : Beacon Press .
Hahn , Dorothea ( 1994 ) : Schau da nicht hin .
Frankreichs Sittenwächter machen von neuen Zensurmöglichkeiten Gebrauch .
Taz , 2.5.1994 , S. 16 .
Hoover , J. E. ( 1965 ) : The fight against filth .
Von Hoover persönlich veränderte und verteilte Version eines Artikels , der ursprünglich erschien in : The American Legion Magazine , 1961 , 70 ( 16 ) , S. 48 - 49 .
Johnson , W. T. et al. ( 1970 ) : Sex offenders experience with erotica .
Technical reports of the Commission on Obscenity and Pornography .
Bd. 7 . Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office .
Kant , Harold S. und Goldstein , Michael J. ( 1970 ) : Pornography .
Psychology Today , Dezember .
Karpman , B. ( 1954 ) : The sexual offender and his sex offenses .
New York .
Kefauver , E. ( 1969 ) : Obscene and pornographic literature and juvenile delinquency .
Federal Probation , 24 , S. 3 -12 .
Kendrick , Walter ( 1987 ) : The Secret Museum : Pornography in Modern Culture .
New York .
Kutchinsky , Berl ( 1971 ) : Pornographie und Sexualverbrechen .
Das Beispiel Dänemark .
Köln , Kiepenheuer \& Witsch .
Kutchinsky , Berl ( 1983 ) : Obscenity and pornography : Behavioral aspects .
In : S. H. Kadish ( Hg. ) : Encyclopedia of crime and justice , Bd. 3 ( S. 1077 - 1086 ) .
New York , Free Press .
Kutchinsky , Berl ( 1991 ) : Pornography and Rape : Theory and Practice ?
Evidence from Crime Data in Four Countries where Pornography is Easily Available .
International Journal of Law and Psychiatry , Bd. 14 , S. 47 -64 .
Kutchinsky , Berl ( 1992 ) : Comment : The Politics of Pornography Research .
Law \& Society Review , Bd. 26 , Nr. 2 .
Leiman , A. H. und Epstein , S. ( 1961 ) : Thematic sexual responses as related to sexual drive and guilt .
Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology , 63 , S. 169-175 .
Möller , E. ( 1998 ) : Die heilige Familie der Inquisition .
Taz , 12.3.1998 , S. 15
( http://www.humanist.de/erik/taz/hf.html).
Padgett , V. R. et al. ( 1989 ) : Pornography , Erotica , and Attitudes Toward Women : The Effects of Repeated Exposure .
The Journal of Sex Research , Bd. 26 , Nr. 4 , S. 479-491 . November .
Der Pornographie - Report ( 1971 ) : Untersuchung der ` Kommission für Obszönität und Pornographie ' des amerikanischen Kongresses .
Reinbek b. Hamburg , Rowohlt .
Premiere Jugendschutz : Korrespondenz mit dem Conseil Supérieur de l´Audiovisuel , 4 . November 1998 .
Prescott , James W. ( 1975 ) : Body Pleasure and The Origins of Violence .
Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists , November 1975 , S. 10 - 20 .
Im Internet : http://www.violence.de/prescott/bulletin/article.html
Reinhardt , J. M. ( 1957 ) : Sex perversion and sex crimes .
Springfield , Ill .
River , J. P. de. ( 1956 ) : The sexual criminal .
Springfield , Ill .
Sagan , Carl ( 1996 ) : Unser Kosmos .
Augsburg .
Slade , Joseph W. ( 1984 ) : Violence in the hard - core pornographic film : a historical survey .
In : Journal of Communication , Bd. 34 , Nr. 3 ( S 148 -163 ) .
Soble , A. ( 1986 ) : Pornography .
Marxism , feminism , and the future of sexuality .
New Haven und London : Yale University Press .
Spiegel ( 1989 ) : Georgia : Oralsex in der Ehe legal .
Der Spiegel , Ausgabe 38 , S. 179 .
Thorne , F. C. und Haupt , T. D. ( 1966 ) : The objective measurement of sex attitudes and behavior .
Journal of Clinical Psychology , 22 , S. 395-403 .
TV - Diskurs ( 1998a ) : Der CSA bestimmt die Regeln .
Für Jugendschutz im Fernsehen gibt es in Frankreich wenig Gesetze .
Juli , S. 10 - 15 .
TV - Diskurs ( 1998 b ) : Streng bei Gewalt , großzügig beim Sex. Jugendschutz in Schweden .
Oktober , S. 4 -15 .
United States of America v. Sex ( 1986 ) : How the Meese Commission Lied About Pornography .
New York , Minotaur Press .
Walker , C. E. ( 1970 ) : Erotic stimuli and the aggressive sexual offender .
Technical reports of the Commission on Obscenity and Pornography .
Bd. 7 . Washington , D.C. : U.S. Government Printing Office .
Waller , Paul ( 1991 ) : The Politics of Child Abuse .
Society , September / Oktober .
Winick , C. ( 1985 ) : A content analysis of sexually explicit magazines sold in an adult bookstore .
Journal of Sex Research , 21 , S. 206-210 .
Drawing from US Census Data and National Geographic Society ’s Green Guide that collected data on thirty characteristics for American cities over 100,000 people , Popular Science create a list of America ’s 50 Greenest Cities .
Combining the data into four categories ( electricity , transportation , green building / spaces , recycling ) , Popular Science determined green scores ( see article for details ) for the various cities and identified the cities who are at the forefront .
The top ten cities are : Portland , OR ; San Francisco , CA ; Boston , MA ; Oakland , CA ; Eugene , OR ; Cambridge , MA ; Berkeley , CA ; Seattle , WA ; Chicago , IL ; Austin , TX .
If you enjoy a visual , an industrious blogger from Austin TX placed all of the data on a map for easy viewing .
I found this list to be an interesting resource for people who are looking for green careers , start a green business , or grow their green business .
The map of the greenest cities confirms a geographic pattern I ’ve been seeing on other sites – compare the Greenest Cities map with Cool Cities and Focus the Nation events .
Most people I talk to are looking for green careers in their local area .
With these three maps , people will get a better idea of the green potential in their area .
( Do n’t panic if your city is n’t listed … .
I ’ll have more to say about that below . )
The scores on the four green variables tell us what each city has been focusing on .
This information could provide helpful clues to someone trying to find a way into the local green economy .
The scores also tell us where there are gaps in each city .
Although you ’d need to do some research to understand the political climate and related issues , the low scores may point to potential business opportunities .
Six case studies highlight some of innovative tactics greenest cities are implementing to reach their green goals .
Take a look at these scenarios to see if your creativity is sparked !
The fact that the 1st city has an overall score of 23 out 30 and the 50th city has a score of 10 out of 30 shows that there ’s much more room for improving even our greenest cities !
The momentum shows cities are taking this on , which is great news !
The fact that opportunities exist means there ’s going to be plenty of green careers as we move forward .
If your geographic area does n’t seem to be moving in the green direction , you have several choices .
You can move .
You now have a fairly objective map of the areas that are greening faster than others .
Reach out to those in your area who are passionate about sustainability and eliminating greenhouse gases .
Drill down in the Cool Cities map and the Focus the Nation map to find like minded people in your area .
Volunteer to help these groups take root in your area .
Another place you may find others who share your values is the Land Trust Alliance .
If you do n’t find any established groups , take an active role by jumping in to start the green movement in your area .
Both Cool Cities and Focus the Nation have established infrastructures to help you get started .
They ’ll guide you each step of the way .
Whether you are new to an area or you ’ve been a resident for decades , connecting to your local green network is a critical piece of your successful career search .
Remember it ’s all in who you know !
Becoming an active player in the green movement is one of the best ways I know to get connected .
Since joining my city ’s green task force , I ’ve been astounded by how I ’ve extended my network of elected officials , dedicated volunteers who also own green businesses , and potential clients who are looking for green careers .
Furthermore I know more about my city ’s green goals and initiatives , which means I can make a difference close to home .
The Envision Solar Grove is a highly customizable , aesthetically - designed , photovoltaic - integrated parking lot solar system .
Originally designed for Kyocera Solar , the simple elegance of the Solar Grove lends itself to a variety of surroundings and terrain that could otherwise prove challenging to more standard designs .
The design is based on a graceful analogy , known as " biomimicry " — just as a citrus grove absorbs sunlight to produce food , a Solar Grove absorbs sunlight and produces energy .
The language of the analogy continues — the frame and modules of the Solar Tree become its “ canopy , ” the support structure becomes the “ limbs ” and “ trunk , ” while the base foundation and wiring beneath the earth is known as the “ taproot . ”
The Envision Solar Grove can be sized and positioned to meet the needs of the facility , and is particularly useful in sloping parking lots or lining curved edges .
The single support column per tree allows for unhindered maneuverability about the parking area .
Unique heavy - duty light fixtures turn on automatically at dusk and shine up toward the canopy , which illuminates the parking area for nighttime safety .
Eight translucent solar modules , allow light to pass up through the tree to create another visually appealing sight .
During the day , these translucent models allow dappled sunlight to pass through to the ground — a bit like leaves on a real tree would allow .
The Solar Grove is economically viable and environmentally sound .
The environmental benefits provided by a Solar Grove include :
RUN - OFF FILTRATION
Tilted canopies of Solar Trees help to route rainwater into bio-swales porous , organic material that filters pollutants from parking lot run-off .
MINIMIZED LIGHT POLLUTION
There is no direct skyward lighting .
Lighting under the Solar Grove is indirect and stopped at the underside of the canopy .
Think Progrress
May 14 , 2008
Last month , the Pentagon released a document collection on its military analyst propaganda program .
In a July 2006 e-mail between Public Affairs official Jeffrey Gordon and other Pentagon officials , Gordon attached several articles on detention policy by right - wing talkers , including Bill O’Reilly and Michelle Malkin , that he said were “ thoughtful . ”
In a later e-mail , Gordon said officials could use the articles “ with military analysts as appropriate ” ( p. 5808 ) .
His initial e-mail lauded the right - wing voices ( p. 5808 ) :
From : Gordon , Jeffrey D LCDR OSD PA
To : Ruff , Eric , SES , OSD ; Bryan Mr OSD PA ; Keck , Gary L Col OSD PA ; [ Redacted ] AFIS-HQ / PIA
Sent : Thursday , July 06 , 2006 6:38 PM
Subject : RE : articles on detainees Gentlemen , As requested , attached document contains four thoughtful articles / columns about Guantanamo , from Charles Krauthammer , Bill O’Reilly and Michelle Malkin .
I have a call out to OGC and DoJ to provide some inputs as well .
I Envision that I will have more material tomorrow a.m .
What were the “ thoughtful ” remarks of Malkin and O’Reilly on detention policy ?
In the Malkin column , she said that a “ far greater threat ” than Guantanamo to America is the “ unseriousness and hypocrisy of the terrorist - abetting left . ”
O’Reilly said there were only “ minor cases of abuse ” there .
In fact , when news broke of suicides at the prison , Malkin ’s reaction was “ boo - freaking hoo . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Are you ' team raisin ' or ' raisin - free ' when it comes to #bakedgoods ?
Join Bakers Journal 's free webinar on using raisins to boost your sourdough and find ways even raisin haters will love # BakingwithCaliforniaRaisins .
https://www.bakersjournal.com/webinars/the-business-of-baking-with-raisins/
She got in touch with Dr. Hamilton , who is an expert in the analysis of complex ecological field data , particularly the use of statistical techniques to discern real trends in the messy ups and downs of nature .
The center in Santa Barbara financed the collaboration .
Baikal is a place of unusual biodiversity , with many species found nowhere else .
Among them are giant shrimp , bright green sponges that grow in shallow water forests and the Baikal seal , the world ’s only exclusively freshwater seal .
In 1996 , the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization , or Unesco , designated the lake a World Heritage Site .
Although it is known that warming is more intense at high latitudes , as in the Baikal area , and that water is warming in other major lakes , including Lake Tahoe in Nevada and Lake Tanganyika in central Africa , many scientists had thought that Lake Baikal ’s enormous volume and unusual water circulation patterns would buffer the effects of global warming .
Instead , the researchers report , surface waters in Lake Baikal are warming quickly , on average by about 0.4 degrees Fahrenheit every decade .
At a depth of about 75 feet , the increase is about 0.2 degrees per decade , they say , enough to jeopardize species “ unable to adapt evolutionarily or behaviorally . ”
Over the last 137 years , the researchers say , the ice - free season has lengthened by more than two weeks , primarily because ice forms later in the year .
The database , including data on chlorophyll that the family started collecting in 1979 , suggest that the “ growing season ” for plankton and algae has lengthened in the lake .
Chlorophyll levels have tripled since measurement began , the researchers said .
Ordinarily , the researchers said in their report , this increased plant growth would be accompanied by decreases in water clarity , but that is not what the data show at Lake Baikal .
This finding , they said , “ highlights the importance of establishing monitoring for ‘ early warming ’ before a need for monitoring may be perceived visually . ”
A Welsh student has described herself as " amazed and disgusted " at a couple of Jobcentre Plus ads punting for nude webcam operators at £ 10 an hour plus 50 per cent commission , the BBC reports .
Anna Ellis - Jones , who 's studying for a Masters degree in heritage management , spied the " sad , pitiful and depressing " opportunties in Jobcentre tentacles in Llangefni , Anglesey , and Bangor , Gwynedd .
The company in question was seeking " adults aged 18 + for immediate start either from home or from employer site in Mitcham , Surrey " .
The ads continued : " Guaranteed minimum wages per four hour shift .
Duties require the successful applicant to be nude / semi-nude .
Vacancy not suitable for under -18s .
Please note that there is no obligation to consider making an application for this vacancy . "
Ellis - Jones thundered : " It is just bonkers in this day and age when we are encouraging safety for children on the internet , to come across job adverts like this . "
However , a Department of Work and Pensions spokesperson countered that it had an obligation to advertise the posts , " following a legal ruling in 2003 " .
He or she splendidly noted that nude wecam operator ads constituted " less than 0.016 per cent of all vacancies advertised by Jobcentre Plus " , and insisted : " We have a range of measures in place to safeguard jobseekers wishing to work in the adult entertainment industry . " ®
In baseball 's golden age , pitchers had a higher mound and threw more complete games but careers were shorter .
As salaries continue to rise there is greater concern about protecting the investments .
A new study involving several Major League Baseball pitchers indicates that the height of the pitcher ’s mound can affect the athlete ’s throwing arm motion , which may lead to potential injuries because of stress on the shoulder and elbow .
The study was led by William Raasch , M.D. , associate professor of orthopaedic surgery at the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee , who also is the head team physician for the Milwaukee Brewers .
Major League Baseball funded the study in an effort to help prevent injuries among professional baseball players .
While they did not get enough data to recommend reducing the 10 - inch mound height , which became standard in 1968 and is also used in college and high school baseball , Dr. Raasch says the findings give trainers information that can help them determine if pitchers would be better off practicing on flat ground especially after an injury .
The researchers recruited 20 top - level , elite pitchers from Major League Baseball organizations and Milwaukee - area NCAA Division I - A college pitchers for the study , which was conducted both during 2007 spring training in Arizona and at the Froedtert &Medical College Sports Medicine Center in Milwaukee .
“ Our researchers employed a motion analysis system using eight digital cameras that recorded the three - dimensional positions of 43 reflective markers placed on the athletes ’ bodies .
Then we analyzed the pitching motion at mound heights of the regulation 10 - inches , along with eight - inch and six - inch mounds , as well as having the athletes throw from flat ground , ” Dr. Raasch explains .
The study focused on determining if there is increased stress on the shoulder or the elbow based on the height from which the pitcher has thrown .
A kinematic analysis provided information regarding pitching motion ( position and velocity ) , while the kinetic analysis determined the forces and torques generated at the shoulder and elbow .
“ We found that compared to flat ground , pitchers using a 10 - inch mound experience an increase in superior shear and adduction torque in the shoulder – meaning there ’s a greater amount of stress on the joint surface and surrounding structures .
That greater stress may result in injury to the shoulder including tearing of the rotator cuff or labrum which may result in surgery and long - term rehabilitation .
It also can make it difficult for the athlete to replicate the same throw and develop a consistent strike , ” Dr. Raasch says .
“ The most notable kinematic difference was the increase in shoulder external rotation at foot contact .
This probably represents a change in the timing of the foot contact relative to arm position , because the foot lands earlier in the pitch delivery during flat ground throwing than with a slope , ” he says .
“ Nolan Ryan , who played major league baseball for 27 years , often threw pitches more than 100 mph , even past the age of 40 , and he liked to throw on flat ground in his waning years .
I think others might follow his lead , ” Dr. Raasch says .
He adds that he hopes subsequent research during spring training in 2008 will provide even more valuable findings for baseball players and trainers .
The results of the study were presented at the 2007 MLB Winter Meetings at the joint session of the Major League Baseball Team Physicians Association and Professional Baseball Athletic Trainers Society .
Coauthors of the study include Jeremy R. O’Brien , M.S. , research engineer ; Craig C. Young , M.D. , professor of orthopaedic surgery ; and Mark W. Lydecker , MPT , OCS , ATC , physical therapist at the sports center .
WASHINGTON 
How low can the dollar go ?
Battered by bad news and mounting fears over the American economy , the dollar plumbed new depths on Thursday , helping drive oil prices to record levels .
The greenback traded at a new low of $ 1.56 against the euro , while oil prices settled at $ 110 a barrel .
Early in the day , the dollar sank below 100 Japanese yen for the first time since 1995 , but it ended the day slightly above that milestone .
The dollar has been declining in value against the euro and several other currencies since 2002 , slamming travelers to Europe and American consumers purchasing European goods .
Politicians are deploring the weak dollar as a sign of American economic decline and influence .
To make matters worse , many economists say that the problems of a sagging dollar are feeding off each other .
As the dollar weakens , holders of dollars , especially those overseas , are aiming for better returns on their assets by diversifying their portfolios toward other currencies , sending the dollar into further decline .
“ If we look forward , we are going to see the U.S. economy weakening more and interest rates cut more , ” said Desmond Lachman , a resident fellow at the conservative American Enterprise Institute .
“ The immediate prospects for the dollar do n’t look encouraging . ”
Illustration by JAC
WHEN Hank Paulson , America 's treasury secretary , urged China to liberalise its capital markets earlier this month , he sensed a hardened reluctance in his hosts .
“ There 's no doubt that what is happening in the US markets is clearly giving the Chinese pause , ” he said .
America 's subprime meltdown is not , it seems , the best advertisement for unfettered finance elsewhere .
Against this backdrop , Dani Rodrik of Harvard University and Arvind Subramanian of the Peterson Institute , in Washington , DC , have published a timely reappraisal of financial globalisation . *
They conclude that it is far from obvious that developing countries benefit much from opening up to global capital .
In principle , the free flow of capital across borders makes funds available more cheaply to poor countries and , by lifting investment , boosts GDP and raises living standards .
The trouble is , economists have struggled to establish a strong link between freer capital flows and speedier economic development .
That has not stopped researchers from looking , and many believe a tangible connection will soon be found .
Perhaps the effect is not picked up in studies because capital flows are hard to measure accurately , argue the optimists .
Messrs Rodrik and Subramanian are not convinced : measurement error bedevils many studies , but that has not barred researchers from establishing that policies to improve education or trade are good for growth .
Perhaps foreign capital helps indirectly — by disciplining policymakers or by promoting reforms that improve the financial system .
The authors say it is possible to make the opposite argument and find indirect costs .
Plausibly , lifting restrictions on capital flows could undermine the domestic financial system because spendthrift governments can tap a larger pool of funds abroad .
Also , the well - off have less incentive to lobby for reforms at home if they are free to store their wealth overseas .
Perhaps , then , the gains from globalised finance are latent and will be unleashed once catalysing reforms are in place ?
Maybe they will .
But the wish list of complementary measures is difficult to tick off .
Economies might reap the benefits of foreign capital more fully if property rights were stronger , contracts were more enforceable , and if there were less corruption and financial cronyism .
But the authors point out that if poor countries could carry out such ambitious reforms “ they would no longer be poor ” and financial globalisation would be “ a clearly dispensable sideshow ” .
With so much else to do first , liberalising capital flows would not be an obvious policy priority .
Foreign capital ought to be good for countries that have profitable ventures that lack funding because of low savings at home .
But Messrs Rodrik and Subramanian argue that for many countries , it is not low savings but a shortage of good investments that is the binding constraint .
Weak property rights , poorly enforced contracts and the fear that profits will be siphoned away make it hard to conceive of ventures that might generate a reliable return .
When investment opportunities are scarce , capital inflows simply displace domestic savings and encourage consumption .
Cheap exports , not cheap money
Whatever their misgivings about cosmopolitan capital , the authors do not deny that deeper financial markets in general help to foster prosperity .
Even in economies short of good investment projects , a sturdier channel connecting domestic savers and borrowers will help growth .
The more domestic savings can be put to work , the less need is there for foreign capital , and using local funds helps keep the exchange rate down and promotes export growth .
By contrast , encouraging foreign capital to flood in can put upward pressure on the exchange rate , making exports less competitive .
In some circumstances , capital controls may be justified if they keep the currency cheap and promote growth .
Why do the authors make such a strong case for export - led growth as a means to development in poor countries , even if it is at the expense of more open capital markets ?
First , they believe , exports are a force for institutional reform .
A firm making clothes to sell abroad demands consistent state regulation , reliable transport links and enforceable contracts with suppliers to a degree that a barbershop serving the domestic market does not .
Second , exporters foster skills , technology and expertise that can fruitfully spill over to other enterprises .
Messrs Rodrik and Subramanian conclude that with the benefits of liberalised finance under the microscope in rich countries , it is time for more subtle thinking about the global picture .
“ Depending on context and country , ” they write , “ the appropriate role of policy will be as often to stem the tide of capital flows as to encourage them . ”
That bold conclusion leaves some troubling issues unresolved .
As China 's experience suggests , keeping the exchange rate weak in support of export - led growth becomes harder to sustain over time .
Nor is it easy to keep foreign capital out .
Capital controls can be evaded by adjusting trade invoices : exporters can bring funds in secretly by over - invoicing for foreign sales .
The authorities can use sterilised intervention to stop inflows pushing the exchange rate up , but this imposes its own costs on the economy — in terms of higher interest rates or a distorted allocation of credit .
It is possible too that over time capital inflows are becoming less risky and the collateral benefits more tangible .
And more stable direct investments account for an increasing share of capital inflows .
Countries will ultimately have to come to terms with global capital and the choice is not only whether to embrace or resist it .
There is a third option : find ways to manage it .
After all , few would now argue that financial progress should not be policed at all .
* “ Why Did Financial Globalisation Disappoint ? ” , March 2008 .
I ’ve written before about how you can count the number of games written in a purely functional style on one hand .
Is it that language tinkerers are less concerned about writing real applications ?
That they know you can solve any problem with focused grunt work , but it ’s not interesting to them ?
That the spark and newness of a different language is its own reward ?
Either way , the BASIC programmers win when it comes down to getting projects finished .
Ouch .
Now I must get back to work on real programming and stop blogging and farting around with abstractions .
Ateke Tom is wanted for a string of robberies and kidnappings
The underground pipeline ran from a major oil refinery to a hideout in Rivers State of Ateke Tom , the head of the Niger Delta Vigilantes .
Mr Tom is accused of being behind much of the lawless money - making schemes causing havoc in the oil - rich region .
Correspondents say smuggling crude oil , known as bunkering , provides many militants with money to buy weapons .
The Niger Delta Vigilantes leader is wanted by the authorities for a string of bank robberies , incidents of piracy , stealing crude oil and kidnappings .
His present whereabouts is unclear , but contacted by the BBC by phone he denied laying the pipeline .
Some militants in Niger Delta claim to be fighting for a share of the oil wealth for the impoverished southern region .
Other gangs operating in the creeks are often more criminal than political , reporters say .
Child ransoms
Nigerian military spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Musa Sagir said a large stockpile of weapons has also been found over the weekend at Mr Tom 's abandoned home in a forest near Okochiri about 20 km - 30 km from the regional capital , Port Harcourt .
The underground pipeline led from the oil refinery in the regional capital Port Harcourt to the militant hideout and continued to a private jetty where the oil was sold illegally , the army spokesman said .
But Mr Tom accused the military of trying to frame him .
He told the BBC that the soldiers wanted an excuse to remain in Okochiri - which he had left after a raid in December - so they too could profit from the illegal selling of oil .
Instability and violence in the Niger Delta region over the past few years have led to a significant drop in Nigeria 's oil exports .
The BBC's Abdullahi Kaura Abubakar in Port Harcourt says taking hostages for ransom is now a common practice .
Foreigners , the main target in recent years , now travel under armed guard and local school children are the latest victims .
On Monday morning , a six - year - old was kidnapped by unknown gunmen .
Hostages tend to be released after a ransom is paid .
Mr Tom has claimed he was hired to rig elections in 2003 but says politicians have failed to live up to their promises .
Jones was banned for two years by the IAAF
The American athlete 's results dating back to September 2000 were erased last month by the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) .
But it was up to the IOC to formally disqualify her and erase her medals .
Jones became the first woman to claim five medals in an Olympics when she won three golds and two bronzes in Sydney .
But she admitted in October that she took steroids ahead of the Games - where she won gold in the 100 metres , 200 m and 4x400 m relay and bronzes in the long jump and 4x100 m relay .
She was banned for two years by the IAAF .
606 : DEBATE
The decision to formally strip the disgraced athlete of her medals was announced by IOC president Jacques Rogge at the end of a three - day executive board meeting .
In terms of reallocating the medals , the IOC has yet to determine their course of action .
Investigations are continuing and it is feared other athletes may be involved in the doping scandal involving the San Francisco - based Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative ( Balco ) , which supplied performance - enhancing drugs .
Another complicating factor is that Sydney 100 m silver medallist Katerina Thanou was also banned for a missed doping test before the 2004 Athens Games .
The IOC said it would offer Jones ' relay team - mates a hearing to make their case for keeping their medals .
The card index , which contains about 47 million documents containing the names of most concentration camp inmates , forced - labour victims and refugees left homeless after World War II , had been the subject of an intense debate .
Jewish groups had been pressing for open access to the collection , a storehouse of captured documents that began being assembled in 1946 .
" Most of the documents were drawn up by the Nazis themselves , " said Reto Meister , the Swiss Red Cross official now in charge of the files .
" We have documents here about a horrifyingly wide range of victims : Jews and Christians , Eastern and Western Europeans , Germans and non-Germans , men and women .
There 's not one country where victims did not come from . "
Opening the archive
The archive contains index cards on Nazi victims .
Previously , viewing the archive was limited only to survivors and close relations of the dead .
All of that changed last year , when the members of the 11 - nation governing commission of the International Tracing Service of the International Committee of the Red Cross agreed to provide greater access to the archives , ending a five - decade long debate over the victims ' rights to privacy .
Earlier this year , the archive opened to historians .
Wednesday 's opening allows nearly anyone to search inside the archives , an especially important event for those friends and family members still searching for those unaccounted for after the war .
Meister also sees the files as the most potent answer to Holocaust deniers : " Anyone who wants to minimize the Holocaust should come here .
We 'll show him documents by the million . "
The " overwhelming scale " of the card index , Meister said , was more persuasive than any debate .
Creating a digital archive in three capitals
Yad Vashem in Jerusalem has received digital archives .
The ITS has also made digital copies of much of the archives and exported them to Yad Vashem Memorial in Jerusalem , the US Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington and the National Institute of Remembrance in Warsaw .
The images include both sides of 9 million incarceration documents , 21 million cards from its main name index and 3.5 million papers in its displaced persons index .
Another block of documents relating to forced labour will follow in the summer , bringing scanning to 70 percent of the paper documents .
The entire archival holdings are expected to be digitized by 2011 so that it can be mirrored in all three capitals .
UPDATE : See the Gizmodo iPhone 3G Review , FAQ , iPhone Firmware 2.0 Review .
i Phone 3G Review
There are simple reasons why the new iPhone 3G is better than the last .
Read more
Advertisement
We all suspected it , but now it is confirmed : someone very , very close to the 3G iPhone launch has told me that Apple will announce their new model at the WWDC Keynote on June 9th .
The second - generation iPhone will be available worldwide right after the launch ( the worldwide release date is July 11 , starting at $ 199 ) and not at year 's end , as previously thought .
The new model will also herald new sales policies in some countries .
Advertisement
In Spain , for example , the 3G iPhone will be available for sale at the June 18th ( according to our sources , the release date was changed at the last moment by Apple , and it's now July 11 ) grand opening of Telefonica 's megastore — an Apple Store - like shop located in the company 's historical building in Madrid 's Gran Vía — with nationwide availability the next day or after a few hours .
The other European countries with iPhone availability will have similar launch schedules .
According to another source involved in the launch , the 3G iPhone will no longer be available at a fixed price point — at least in some countries , and its launch will also bring new sales policies , although these have not been completely specified yet .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The move is a logical step , since the iPhone has clearly solidified its position as the cellphone to beat during the last 12 months , and companies in the cutthroat European cellphone market need to use it as an incentive to capture clients aggressively .
Advertisement
This most probably means the new 3G iPhone will be integrated in the usual marketing systems of carriers , with point - based trade - ups , discounts for carrier switchers and other service - based subvention packages .
An aid official in Burma says the death toll from Cyclone Nargis may be 80,000 or more .
Kyi Minn is health adviser for World Vision in Burma and he says that on top of the 22,000 the military regime has admitted have died , there are another 60,000 missing - presumed dead .
ABC correspondent Peter Lloyd reports there are also indications that the massive aid effort is being hampered by a lack of organisation and infrastructure in Burma to distribute the urgently needed supplies .
The storm happened at the weekend , but the military junta 's slowness to let international aid agencies in has meant that many devastated areas have still seen no help .
Agencies are still battling to get all the visas and permits they need to do their work in flooded and cyclone - ravaged towns and villages .
More details are emerging from Burma about the scale of death and destruction caused by cyclone Nargis .
Kyi Minn says water is in short supply and power to many communities is still cut .
" We do n't have direct communication with them because there is no phone lines and transportation is very limited because of the roads are still blocked and some areas are flooded and you cannot go , so we have to rely on the information that 's brought by the eye witnesses there , " Mr Minn said .
" So they were saying that the areas there is quite serious .
They found a lot of dead bodies there and the sanitation is quite bad over there . "
The aid agency save the Children says millions of people have been left homeless in the worst affected region in southern Burma .
The Rangoon - based organisation says there are harrowing accounts emerging of villages where rotting bodies have begun decomposing , posing a serious health risk for survivors .
Aid workers who flew over the southern region said entire villages appear to have been washed away , and seen rice fields strewn with bodies .
Save the Children 's country director Andrew Kirkwood said there were unconfirmed reports that people were dying as a result of receiving no supplies of food or clean water since the storm hit on Saturday .
Aid agencies are calling for speedier access to survivors , with Burma 's military government still refusing to issue travel visas .
Kyi Minn says the delay in allowing international aid in has created a problem .
" It will be a big problem but we cannot wait for the international aid to come .
We have to rely also on the local communities , " he said .
" So what we are also doing is we also mobilise the local communities there and nearby villages and there 's a very high spirit of voluntarism , so they are also helping each other .
" They bring in food and water supply to the affected area wherever they could - so we are working together with the local communities there . "
The United Nations food agency says the cyclone damage to Burma 's rice crops may cause food shortages .
The storm has hit an area that produces 65 per cent of the country 's rice output , which puts a further strain on the already tight world rice market .
Australia 's Ambassador to Burma , Bob Davis , is in Rangoon and he says there is concern the authorities are not doing enough to help the relief effort .
" We are concerned though that they seemed not to be focusing on what is the major priority one would have expected at this stage , and that is to address the humanitarian problems and have that as a priority issue rather than continuing their proposal to proceed with the referendum , " Mr Davis said .
Aid hampered
ABC correspondent Peter Lloyd says when aid supplies arrived at Rangoon airport , they had to be unloaded by hand .
" One of the things that was self evident at Rangoon airport yesterday when the Thai military flew in their supplies was that they flew them in on large Hercules type aircraft .
When they got there they discovered that there was no forklifts , even at the airport , to move stuff around so they had to get off and do hand to hand , shoulder to shoulder unpacking of the aircraft , " he said .
" So , it 's at that very elementary level that the infrastructure in Burma because of years of disgraceful behaviour by the regime has left this country bankrupt of the kind of infrastructure it needs to respond to a crisis on this level . "
He says the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) is most clearly concerned with cholera and other water - borne disease breaking out .
" There are descriptions coming out from aid agencies who have flown over the worst hit area in the south , describing villages that have been wiped out and they 're seeing rotting bodies in rice fields , " he said .
" Now this is the same water supply on which the survivors are going to have to rely for drinking and bathing water .
So there 's a perfect storm , if you like , a follow up which is confronting these people and with which the aid agencies are desperately trying to negotiate their way into to try to give assistance for . "
And he says so far , there are not many signs that the military junta will be doing anything to speed up the delivery of aid .
" Well on past indications you 'd have to say , thinking back to our coverage of the tsunami disaster in 2004 , the regime at first ignored , denied and effectively blamed .
They said the scale of the disaster in their country was nowhere near what it later was revealed to have been .
The resources simply were n't thrown at Burma because they said they did n't need it , " he said .
" Now the regime is showing no greater signs of opening up at the moment .
They 've let in supplies from some of the ASEAN friendly nations like Thailand who have used military aircraft to move some pretty elementary stuff in , but the scale of the disaster clearly calls for a much larger operation and so far the regime does n't seem to have acknowledged that , either in public or in practice by rewarding the organisations who need to get in there with the visas . "
Rights of non-believers being compromised by growth of religious power - seeking , says NSS at European conference
Europeans who have no religion are increasing in number but are becoming increasingly disadvantaged in the political process .
This was the claim by the National Secular Society at a meeting in the European Parliament on “ Religion and Politics in the New Europe ” sponsored by Catholics for Choice .
Keith Porteous Wood , Executive Director of the National Secular Society said :
“ The majority of the EU population are either non-religious or do not actively practise any religion and they are being betrayed because increasingly strident religious influence on moral matters in EU institutions .
“ Despite the continuing reduction in church attendance , religious influence in European institutions is increasing .
The new EU treaty requires transparent dialogue with religious institutions and the Pope will soon address , or in reality , lecture , elected EU Parliamentarians and probably also those of the Council of Europe .
The influence of the Roman Catholic Church on EU institutions is huge but largely hidden , and its objective is clearly to impose its views on all EU citizens , not just Catholics .
The Catholic Bishops ’ conference is represented as well as the Holy See as a sovereign state .
At the meeting the huge disparity became apparent between the demands of these representatives and the views of Catholics in the pews .
“ There are sixty religious missions to the EU , but only non-religious one , the European Humanist Association .
It has little power and is rarely consulted .
This model of representation entirely disenfranchises the majority of the population who are either non-religious , non-practising or whose views differ substantially from their religious representatives – who are almost always male .
Civil society and the non-religious and have minimal influence but can be adversely affected by the behind doors decisions made as a result of religious representation .
“ The growing number of non-religious and non-practising citizens are being left out of this process , as indeed are many practising Christians who are becoming alarmed at their leaders becoming more and more reactionary .
“ Typical areas where this undue religious influence will be directed are start and end of life issues and sexual matters .
The religious climate is becoming progressively less tolerant on such matters , partly by the deepening conservatism in the Catholic and Anglican churches .
But even more important is the growing influence of Poland and other former Eastern Bloc countries , and the rise in influence of Islam . ”
30 November 2007
Fig. 2 Saudi Arabia and Ghawar production from a presentation given by Frederik Robelius ( pdf here ) .
Click To Enlarge .
Hubbert Linearization Applied on Ghawar Only
Fig. 3 Left or top Chart : Hubbert Linearization of Ghawar with the 95 % confidence interval ( red dashed lines ) .
Only blue points are used in the fit .
Right or bottom chart : resulting logistic curve with the 95 % confidence interval ( red dashed lines ) .
The green lines are Euan Mearns 's base and high forecast for Ghawar ( details here ) .
The red circle indicates the year 2003 .
URR Q( 2003 ) K ( % ) t half 100.59 ± 8.59 Gb 61.49 Gb 7.41 ± 3.65 1997.00 ± 3.25 Table I. Logistic curve parameters for Ghawar .
What About the Rest of Saudi Arabia Oilfields ?
Fig. 4 Left or top Chart : Hubbert Linearization of Saudi Arabia crude oil + condensate ( EIA ) minus Ghawar production with the 95 % confidence interval ( red dashed lines ) .
Only blue points are used in the fit .
Right or bottom chart : resulting logistic curve with the 95 % confidence interval ( red dashed lines ) .
The red circle indicates the year 2003 .
URR Q( 2003 ) K ( % ) t half 60.13 ± 12.78 Gb 39.99 Gb 7.79 ± 3.7 1994.25 ± 9.25 Table II .
Logistic curve parameters for the Other Fields .
Hubbert Linearization on Saudi Arabia
Fig. 5 Left or top Chart : Hubbert Linearization of Saudi Arabia crude oil + condensate ( EIA ) with the 95 % confidence interval ( red dashed lines ) .
Only blue points are used in the fit .
Right or bottom chart : resulting logistic curve with the 95 % confidence interval ( red dashed lines ) .
In green , the domestic consumption ( all liquids ) .
The red circle indicates the year 2007 .
URR Q( 2007 ) K ( % ) t half 200.21 ± 24.12 Gb 114.78 Gb 6.06 ± 2.90 2002.25 ± 4.9 Table III .
Logistic curve parameters for Saudi Arabia .
Summary
URR ( Gb ) Produced ( Gb ) Reserves ( Gb ) Stuart Staniford ( 2007 ) 90-102 42-62 28-60 Euan Mearns ( 2007 ) 96.8 - 115 69.8-79.2 27.0-35.5 Logistic
100.6 ± 8.6 61.5 * 39 ± 9 Table IV . URR estimates for Ghawar .
* 2003 .
Fig. 6
The red circle indicates 2007 estimate .
Click To Enlarge .
2003 2007 2008 2010 2012 Ghawar Only 5.17 4.46 [ 3.64 - 5.34 ]
4.34 [ 3.51 - 5.18 ] 4.08 [ 3.26 - 4.92 ] 3.80 [ 3.01 - 4.63 ]
Other Fields 3.61 2.53 [ 1.20 - 3.97 ]
2.44 [ 1.06 - 3.89 ] 2.25 [ 0.95 - 3.68 ] 2.06 [ 0.84 - 3.45 ]
Total ( Gh+OF ) 8.78 7.99 [ 4.84 - 9.31 ]
6.78 [ 4.57 - 9.07 ] 6.33 [ 4.21 - 8.66 ] 5.86 [ 3.85 - 8.08 ]
HL on Saudi Arabia ( HL - SA ) 8.78
8.63 8.06 [ 6.40 - 9.70 ] 7.87 [ 6.15 - 9.61 ] 7.63 [ 5.87 - 9.44 ]
Table V. Production forecasts in mbpd .
Bracketed values in italic are 95 % confidence intervals Total is the sum of Ghawar and the Other Fields .
URR Gb Remaining Gb Recovery % 2 Notes Parabolic Fractal Law 1 200 85 29 C+C only Ace 175 63 25 C+C only Pre-nationalisation 211 91 30 minimum Mearns 240 120 34 minimum , C+NGL Mearns 200 86 29 minimum , C+C Logistic 200 ± 24 85 ± 24 25-32 C+ C only Ghawar + Other Fields 161 ± 21 46 ± 21 20-26 C+C only Campbell 275 155 39 C+C only Saudi official 384 264 55 BP + produced Table VI .
Summary of available URR estimates for Saudi Arabia .
1assuming a total of 400 fields discovered .
2 Note from Euan :
The recovery factors are based on an ussumed 700 Gbs of original oil in place .
This is the figure reported by Baqi and Saleri and by Colin Campbell .
Maintaining production flat at the 2004 level and compensating for Ghawar decline will require a new supply growth of 2 - 3 % per year .
Maintaining exports flat at the 2004 level and compensating for Ghawar decline will require a new supply growth of 4 - 5 % per year .
Fig. 7
The red circle indicates 2007 estimate .
Click To Enlarge .
is the honeymoon over ?
The Hubbert Linearization technique is applied on the curve profile above and we get the following result : Parameters of the logistic curve are given in Table I .
We can see that the resulting URR as well as the future decline are close to Euan Mearns and Stuart Staniford estimates .
Note also that the logistic growth rate ( K ) is relatively high suggesting that current yearly decline rate for Ghawar is 2.62 ± 1.30 % / year and could reach 3.65 ± 0.56 % in 2010 .
Using EIA 's numbers for Saudi Arabia ( crude oil + condensate ) minus the above logistic model for Ghawar we can estimate the oil production from other fields .
The resulting production profile is much more tortuous with a big drop in production from 1982 to 1990 .
The resulting fit gives an URR around 60 Gb and has a wider confidence interval ( almost 25 Gb ) .
We can see a big rise in production in 2003 which probably has continued in 2004 - 2006 Now , let 's compare or previous two - stages result with the HL performed on the total C+C production .
The URR resulting from the Hubbert Linearization applied on Ghawar is consistent with previous estimates .
Different forecasts are summarized in Fig. 6 and Table V below .
The two stages forecast is close to Ace forecast whereas the HL - SA forecast is closed to Euan Below is a brief summary of available URR estimates for Saudi Arabia initially compiled by Euan here Assuming that Ghawar will follow a terminal logistic decline as shown on Fig. 3 , new supply growth from Yet - to - be - find or Yet - to - be - developed oilfields is unprecedented :
Further articles about Saudi Arabia :
by Stuart Staniford
by Euan Mearns
by Heading Out
by Ace
Underwire got its hands on this exclusive character sheet from the upcoming fourth edition of the Dungeons and Dragons role - playing game , and naturally we ’re sharing it with you .
The sheet provides details for " Aleeya , " a Dragonborn Paladin / Astral Weapon , which is just about as geeky as it sounds .
D&D maker Wizards of the Coast tells us this is the only
full character sheet ( . jpg ) it ’s going to release before the new edition of the game comes out June 6 .
You can see the bare basics of some sample characters in the Keep on the Shadowfell adventure available now , but this sheet is for a higher - level character with more of the math spelled out in actual handwriting .
All it needs is a crappy little freehand character sketch and you could practically smell the dice and Bagel Bites .
The sheet provides some intriguing details , but also raises some questions .
Astral Rejuvenation ?
That sounds like an incense fragrance , but presumably it ’s something more kick - ass than that .
It ’s interesting stuff if you ’re following the run-up to the new edition , which has seen its share of controversy regarding backward compatibility and off - base rumors about a supposed " poison pill " in the new D&D license .
However , I ’m a bit disappointed not to see a list of magic items .
I know the new system is less dependent on magical gear , but surely a 15th - level paladin is going to have picked up a Bag of Holding or some Pants of Indestructible Gussetry or something .
See also :
無人島にでも住んでいるのでないかぎり、Googleの職場環境についての噂を一度は耳にしたことがあるはずだ。企業文化に関するありとあらゆる評価基準で、同社は軒並み好成績を上げている。
Googleで働くことに憧れないでいるのは難しい。無料のおいしい社食からスイミングスパ、さらには育児サービスに至るまで、Googleが社員に与えている特典は、競合他社から一頭地を抜けている。バラク・オバマ氏のような大物を交えての勉強会や、技術トレーニングセッションもたびたび開催されるうえ、社員は勤務時間の20％を個人的な創造活動に充てることが認められているのだ。
それでも辞める人は辞めるわけだが、ここ数カ月は特に退職者が増えている。例えば、先週はグローバルコミュニケーションおよび広報担当副社長のエリオット・シュレイジ氏がFacebookへ移籍した。その2カ月前には、シェリル・サンドバーグ氏がやはりFacebookに入社し、ナンバー2の座に就いている。CIOを務めていたダグ・メリル氏は、4月にEMIへ移った。
Googleは毎回、頭脳流出が起こっているのではないと釈明してきたが、同社で働きたいという人がそうでない人を上回っている事実にかんがみれば、そうした言い分も正しいだろう。だが、このところ退社が相次いでいるのを目の当たりにした識者からは、これを疑う声も出始めている。
実際はどうなっているのだろう。
一部の人々は、職場では「娯楽」が最重要なものではないからだと説明している。遊びの要素を常に突きつけられてきた社員は、託児所の色彩設計やテーブルサッカー台、突然開催されるドッジボール大会といったものを見て、うちの会社はやり過ぎていると感じてしまう。
技術関係の雑談ブログである「 Valleywag」は、過剰に装飾された仕事場に関して、「（技術系の職場の）雰囲気を悪くしているのはいったい何だろう。むき出しの蛍光灯や灰色のパーテーション、牢獄のようなオフィスがいけないのかもしれない。しかしその一方で、おしゃれな風を装った落書き、子供じみたおもちゃ、プラスチック製の飾りなど、“インターネット系”を必死に演出するすべてのものに嫌悪感を抱く人も多い」と書いている。
1|2|3 次のページへ
Editorial items that were originally published in the U.S. Edition of “ eWEEK ” are the copyrighted property of Ziff Davis Enterprise Inc. Copyright ( c ) 2011 .
All Rights Reserved .
WIREDVISION の記事を みていたら詳しい解説にリンクがあり , 読んだらけっこう面白かったので ざっくり訳しました .
また YukiWiki にお邪魔しております .
one - pass なのでいつになく粗がありそうですが , みのがしてください ... じゃなくて直してやってくだい .
まえに cycle collector の話を 書いてから二年ちかく .
感慨ぶかい .
私自身はというと , 今も巡回参照を素手で断つ日々 .
毎夜のように涙がリークしてます. かみさま ...
そういえば もう C++ なんて好きでもないし使いもしない理由。
も 訳したけど , C++ プログラマ以外にはどうでもいい内容なので忘れてた.
個人的には completely agree with でございました .
madvise ( )
そういえば文中に madvise ( ) の話がちらっと出てきた .
これは何かと人々の胸を焦がす API らしい .
llre を作っているとき , 私もなんとかストールなしにファイルを map できないかと 調べていて madvise ( ) の存在を知った .
( Gecko の逆の用途ですね . ) よしよしと思い今度は grep のコードを見ると , 次のようなコメントがあって 妙にがっかりした記憶がある .
/* Do not bother to use madvise with MADV_SEQUENTIAL or MADV_WILLNEED on the mmapped memory .
One might think it would help , but it slows us down about 30 % on SunOS 4.1 . */
" prefetch madvise " でぐぐると色々泥臭そうな話題がヒットして萎える.
でも上の記事の , Mac では意味がなくて Linux で有効というの話は面白かった .
jemalloc に限らず , メモリアロケータやファイルシステムをアプリケーションレイヤで
再発明する話を読むと複雑な気分になる.
そうやれば速くなるのだという荒野への夢と , そのくらい OS でやってくれという舗装道路のぼやき .
現実にはアプリケーションを書くのに手一杯で下回りの高速化まで手を回せる機会は稀だ.
OS には頑張ってほしいし , そんな OS を応援するアプリケーションでありたい .
Tomorrow ’s NYT :
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and her advisers increasingly believe that , after a series of losses , she has been boxed into a must - win position in the Ohio and Texas primaries on March 4 , and she has begun reassuring anxious donors and superdelegates that the nomination is not slipping away from her , aides said on Monday .
Mrs. Clinton held a buck - up - the - troops conference call on Monday with donors , superdelegates and other supporters ; several said afterward that she had sounded tired and a little down , but determined about Ohio and Texas .
They also said that they had not been especially soothed , and that they believed she might be on a losing streak that could jeopardize her competitiveness in those states .
“ She has to win both Ohio and Texas comfortably , or she ’s out , ” said one superdelegate who has endorsed Mrs. Clinton , and who spoke on condition of anonymity to share a candid assessment .
“ The campaign is starting to come to terms with that . ”
Campaign advisers , also speaking privately in order to speak plainly , confirmed this view .
Several Clinton superdelegates , whose votes could help decide the nomination , said Monday that they were wavering in the face of Mr. Obama ’s momentum after victories in Washington State , Nebraska , Louisiana and Maine last weekend … .
Some donors also expressed concern about a widening money imbalance between Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton : Obama fund - raisers say he is taking in roughly $ 1 million a day , while Clinton fund - raisers say she is taking in about half of that , mostly online .
Mrs. Clinton ’s aides say that the campaign was virtually broke as of the Feb.
5 primaries , but that finances have stabilized .
BANGKOK ( Reuters ) - Developing countries and environmental groups accused the World Bank on Friday of trying to seize control of the billions of dollars of aid that will be used to tackle climate change in the next four decades .
A man rides a tricycle past a cement plant in Baokang , Hubei province March 31 , 2008 .
Developing countries and environmental groups accused the World Bank on Friday of trying to seize control of the billions of dollars of aid that will be used to tackle climate change in the next four decades .
REUTERS / Stringer
“ The World Bank ’s foray into climate change has gone down like a lead balloon , ” Friends of the Earth campaigner Tom Picken said at the end of a major climate change conference in the Thai capital .
“ Many countries and civil society have expressed outrage at the World Bank ’s attempted hijacking of real efforts to fund climate change efforts , ” he said .
Before they agree to any sort of restrictions on emissions of the greenhouse gases fuelling global warming , poor countries want firm commitments of billions of dollars in aid from their rich counterparts .
The money will be used for everything from flood barriers against rising sea levels to “ clean ” but costly power stations , an example of the “ technology transfer ” developing countries say they need to curb emissions of gases such as carbon dioxide .
As well as the obvious arguments about how much money will be needed -- some estimates run into the trillions of dollars by 2050 -- rich and poor countries are struggling even to agree on a bank manager .
At the week - long Bangkok conference , the World Bank pushed its proposals for a $ 5 - 10 billion Clean Technology Fund , a $ 500 million “ adaptation ” fund and possibly a third fund dealing with forestry .
However , developing countries want climate change cash to be administered through the existing United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCC ) , which they feel is much less under the control of the Group of 8 ( G8 ) richest countries .
“ Generally we have been unpleasantly surprised by the funds , ” said Ana Maria Kleymeyer , Argentina ’s lead negotiator at the meeting .
“ This is a way for the World Bank and its donor members to get credit back home for putting money into climate change in a way that ’s not transparent , that does n’t involve developing countries and that ignores the UNFCC process , ” she said .
This week , the giant planet Jupiter , poised against thestars of Sagittarius , looms up into view low in the southeast in the middle ofthe night .
It rises around 11:30 p.m. local daylight time , and is best seen intelescopes just before morning twilight , when it 's fairly high in the south orsoutheast .
A medium - size telescope of high quality on a night of good seeingwill show the disk of this creamy white giant richly , though subtly patterned .
Anyone who points a small telescope toward the planetJupiter will nearly always see some or all of the four famous " Galilean " satellites , first seen by Galileo in 1610 .
Usually at least two or three ofthese big moons are immediately evident , sometimes all four .
They appear astiny stars in small telescopes and even steadily - held binoculars .
Conversely , it is rather unusual when only one moon is inview and rarer still when no moons at all are visible , as will occur next weekfor skywatchers in select locations in Eastern North America .
On such occasionswhen all four are simultaneously invisible is it because :
They are passing across the disk of Jupiter ( in transit ) ,
They are behind Jupiter ( in occultation ) or
They are within Jupiter 's shadow ( in eclipse ) .
Historical perspective
The first - ever recorded observation of Jupiter " Withouta Visible Satellite " was apparently made in 1681 .
Writing about this loneepisode in his book , A Cycle of Celestial Objects , in 1844 , William Henry Smythcommented that this was " ... a conjunction which will require more thanthree thousand billions of years to occur again . "
Smyth 's estimate , however , was a humongous exaggeration .
Whilesuch " moonless " occasions are indeed rare , they actually occur about20 times per century .
Gian Vincenzo " Enzo " Mora of Sequals , Italy made the first extensive calculation of Jupiter 's moonless occurrences in 1909 .
Hislisting , obviously intended to be exhaustive , spanned the entire 19th and 20thcenturies .
The studies of Mora were meticulous , and no doubt required atremendous amount of time , and all without the aid of modern computers !
Modern studies , using computer technology have demonstratedthat Mora 's computations were incredibly accurate , although he did overlookthree occasions ( in 1859 , 1895 and 1962 ) when Jupiter appeared withoutsatellites .
A new set of predictions was recently drawn up by thewell - known Belgian astronomical calculator , Jean Meeus , for the period from1900 to 2100 AD .
And as it turns out , one of those opportunities to see Jupiterwith no moons is presented this week .
Tough to see !
This upcoming event will coming during the late eveninghours of Wednesday , May 21 , but unfortunately will be only be visible along the Eastern Seaboard of the United States , as well as the Canadian Maritimeprovinces .
Even in these locations , visibility will be a challenge , for the " moonlessinterval " will begin only minutes after Jupiter rises and it will onlylast 19 minutes !
Farther to the west , across the rest of the United States and Canada , at least a couple of the moons will have already emerged into view by thetime Jupiter rises .
At 11:50 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 21 ( or 12:50 a.m. Atlantic Daylight Time on Thursday , May 22 ) , the situation in regard to thefour satellites will be as follows :
Io , the innermost Galilean moon , will become eclipsed by Jupiter 's shadow .
Europa will be in transit , passing across Jupiter 's disk .
Ganymede will be out of view behind Jupiter 's disk in occultation .
Callisto , the outermost moon , like Io , will also be in eclipse .
Io will be the last to disappear .
Then , 19 minutes later , at 12:09 a.m. EDT on May 22 ( 1:09 a .m. Atlantic Daylight Time ) , Ganymede will emerge from behind Jupiter .
For those living along the immediate US East Coast , Jupiterwill be very low at that time ?
depending on your location ?
only about 3 to 6 degreesabove the east - southeast horizon .
This means having to view Jupiter through theperpetual haze layer lying near to the horizon .
Its brilliance will almostcertainly be attenuated , and its image is likely to appear as if it were " boiling " or fuzzy as you gaze at it through our turbulent atmosphere .
Nonetheless , itmight still be worth a try .
In contrast , a much better view will be available from the Caribbean .
From San Juan , for instance , Jupiter will stand more than 20 degrees above thehorizon when all four moons are out of sight ( your clenched fist held at arm ' slength measures 10 degrees ) .
And much of South America will also see Jupiterwell above the horizon when the Galilean satellites vanish .
Another ( much better ) chance
If you miss out seeing Jupiter without satellites , you canat least be consoled in knowing that there will be another , much better chance lessthan 16 months from now , on the night of September 2 - 3 , 2009 .
That event willtake place in the middle of the night for North America , with Jupiter appearingwell up in the southern sky .
And best of all , the four moons will be out ofsight for almost two hours .
Online Sky Maps and More
Sky Calendar & Moon Phases
Astrophotography 101
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York 's Hayden Planetarium .
He writes about astronomy for The New York Times and otherpublications , and he is also an on -camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester , New York .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
PAOLI , Pennsylvania ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama accused rival Hillary Clinton on Saturday of shifting positions and waging a negative campaign as the two candidates sped across Pennsylvania before next week ’s potentially make - or - break primary election .
Obama , an Illinois senator who is the party ’s national front - runner but behind in Pennsylvania , hopes an upset will hand him the Democratic nomination and knock Clinton , a New York senator , out of the race to compete against Republican John McCain in the November general election .
He said the former first lady had adopted an attitude of , “ We ’re going to throw whatever we want at Barack , whether it ’s true , whether it ’s false , whether it ’s exaggerated , whether it ’s relevant , because that ’s , according to Senator Clinton , what the Republicans will do . ”
“ What ’s happened is that Senator Clinton has internalized a lot of the strategies , the tactics that have made Washington such a miserable place where all we do is bicker and all we do is fight , ” he told a rally in Paoli , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Philadelphia .
His comments came after a contentious television debate on Wednesday that focused largely on issues such as his controversial former pastor , his recent relationship with a 1960s radical , his remarks about small - town voters and his failure to wear a flag lapel pin .
Clinton has seen her sizable advantage over Obama in Pennsylvania dwindle to a single - digit lead , but a Gallup daily tracking poll released on Saturday gave her a slight edge among Democrats nationwide -- putting her ahead of her rival in that ranking for the first time since mid-March .
Clinton , who said Obama could not stand the pressure of the nation ’s top job after he complained about the questions in Wednesday ’s debate , alluded to the same theme on Saturday .
“ When you get into the general election and when you get into the White House , the stresses and pressures of the general election and the job are overwhelming , ” she told a rally in West Chester , another Philadelphia suburb .
Clinton campaign advisers sought to play down expectations of a big victory once polls close at 8 p.m. ( 0000 GMT ) on Tuesday .
They highlighted Obama ’s financial advantage and advertising blitz .
One of John Challis ' final wishes was to get to bat in a high school baseball game .
Challis , an 18 - year - old senior at Freedom High School in Pennsylvania , is dying of cancer .
Doctors say he might have as little as two months to live .
But on April 14 he got his wish ; getting an at - bat in a league game .
And despite barely being able to run due to the effects of the disease , Challis got a single , and made it to first .
Opposing players all take off their gloves and give him an ovation .
And if that little story lifted your spirits in any way ; made you a little less cynical or cranky or worn , well , he 'll take it .
Advertisement
Yeah , Challis ' story is one of courage , sadness , inspiration , hope , all of that .
But to fully wrap your mind around it , you 're just going to have to read it for yourself .
The Pittsburgh Post - Gazette is following his story , and ran this amazing piece by Mike White on Sunday .
If you do nothing else today , please take a look .
This is one amazing kid .
All of Aliquippa 's baseball players wear John 's jersey number " 11 " on their hats .
At the walk - a- thon , Aliquippa star athlete Jonathan Baldwin , a Pitt football recruit , presented him with a ball signed by Pitt players .
After the walk , John addressed the crowd .
" He spoke from his heart , " Mr. Wetzel , the coach , said .
" He said , ' I 've got two options .
I know I 'm going to die , so I can either sit at home and feel sorry , or I could spread my message to everybody to live life to the fullest and help those in need . '
After hearing that , I do n't know if there were many people not crying . "
Advertisement
His story touched me , and maybe it will do the same for you .
But I 'm not going to bore you further with my take on this ; better that you hear it from him .
" I used to be afraid , but I 'm not afraid of dying now , if that 's what you want to know , " he said .
" Because life ai n't about how many breaths you take .
It 's what you do with those breaths . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Teen Is Running Out Of Innings , But The Game Is n't Over [ Pittsburgh Post - Gazette ]
Cancer - Stricken Baseball Player Gets One Last Hit [ SportsbyBrooks ]
Searching for the next big thing
By Jonathan Fildes
Technology reporter , BBC News
Google currently dominates search in most markets
The world of search could be facing its biggest shake - up since the arrival of Google .
Last week Microsoft launched a bid to take over Yahoo .
The software firm offered $ 44.6 bn ( £ 22.3 m ) for Yahoo , one of the stalwarts of the commercial web since its inception .
The two firms have many potential synergies in their services , such as their webmail offerings .
But for many observers , a combination of the two companies search offerings could be the most interesting outcome .
" The key measure of success in three years time is whether they will have made any progress in fending off - and catching up to - Google , " wrote Charlene Li , principle analyst at Forrester Research .
According to Nielsen online , Google has a 56 % share of the search market in the US , compared to 18 % for Yahoo and 14 % for Microsoft 's Live facility .
So even a combined service would still only account for around half of all of the searches done of Google .
" The reality is that no one 's going to get near Google 's search share over the next few years , " wrote Nate Elliott , analyst at Jupiter Research .
Ad - aware
In Europe , the situation is even more acute .
According to figures from research firm Comscore , Google has 80 - 90 % of the search share in many European markets .
If it goes ahead , the Microsoft and Yahoo merger would be one of the major events in the history of the internet
Alex Burmaster , Nielsen Online " Whether this deal happens or not , it 'll be incredibly difficult for anyone to compete with Google for European search share , " said Mr Elliott However , he says , a joint offering could compete in other ways .
" A combination of MSN and Yahoo would definitely be better - positioned to compete with Google for paid search revenues than each company is now . "
Many European firms do not bother advertising with anyone but Google because other search engines do not have the reach , he wrote , but a combined offering could change that .
" [ Microsoft and Yahoo ] would still have less than 10 % search share in the big European markets ... but it would at least give marketers a reason to run trials beyond Google , " he wrote .
MOST POPULAR SEARCH ENGINES 1 . Google Search 2 . Yahoo Search 3 . Google Image Search 4 . MSN / Windows Live Search 5 . Ask.com 6 . AOL search 7 . Google Product Search 8 . My Web Search 9 . Microsoft Search 10 .
AltaVista Source : Nielsen Online Alex Burmaster , an analyst at Nielsen Online also believes that advertising is where Microsoft and Yahoo can hit Google hardest .
" If it goes ahead , the Microsoft and Yahoo merger would be one of the major events in the history of the internet , " he told BBC News .
" They could be positioned to create the next generation of ad networks - one that rivals Google / Doubleclick . "
Google has agreed to buy web - advertising network Doubleclick for $ 3.1 bn ( £ 1.6 bn ) but the deal is still under scrutiny by regulators .
Social search Mr Burmaster , believes any Microsoft - Yahoo ad network could run across all of the companies ' platforms such as mail and social networks .
" Advertisers could maximize their buys over two of the most trusted online brands , " he said .
He also believes how they will take advantage of social networks will be key .
Microsoft already serves up ads for popular networks such as Facebook and bought a stake in the firm last year .
Yahoo owns other key social media sites such as Flickr , Delicious and Yahoo Answers .
" The proposed transaction itself would give Microsoft one of the industry 's strongest portfolio's in the growing social - media space , " said Mr Burmaster .
The challenge then would be leveraging that audience and those services to begin to compete with Google .
But Ms
Li does not believe the search giant will take the challenge lying down .
" In the very long term ( 3 years + ) , there 's a chance that a revitalized company would be in a better position to compete , " she said .
" But this assumes that Google stands still for them to catch up . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Some years ago I heard a talk by someone who , as a law student , had been involved in providing free legal services to poor people in his community .
Much of what he had done involved helping people deal with the welfare bureaucracy , including the parts of it responsible for removing children from their parents .
I asked him whether , on net , he thought giving the state the power to remove children from parents judged unsuitable was a good thing , whether on average it helped or hurt children .
His response was that he could not judge its effect in general , but in the particular community where he had worked — I think it was Ithaca , New York , where Cornell Law School is located — it hurt them .
I was reminded of this by the FLDS case .
In earlier posts I have discussed the evidence on what happened and some conjectures as to why .
One conclusion I think clear is that the people controlling the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services could not have acted as they did if they cared very much about the welfare of children .
Assume , as we probably should , that they started out accepting the view of the FLDS offered by their unnamed confidential informant -- presumably someone who left the sect a decade or two back and had never been inside the Texas ranch .
On that assumption , they were legitimately concerned that teenaged girls were being pressured into illegal “ marriages ” with older men .
They could have entirely eliminated that risk by seizing the teenaged girls — there were 27 from 14 - 17 — holding them for long enough to make sure they were not being pressured into such marriages and make it clear to them that if anyone tried to pressure them into such marriages in the future they were free to refuse , and then turning them loose .
Instead they seized more than four hundred children , many of them young , separated them by force from their parents , and are still holding them .
Unless they are utterly incompetent , they knew that doing that would inflict enormous costs on those children .
Obviously they did n’t care .
Within a week or two after the raid , the authorities knew that the story they had been sold about the FLDS was inconsistent with the facts , the striking lack of pregnant minors and the relatively small number — 20 out of a total population of a thousand or two — of women who had born children before they were adults .
They also knew that the phone call that triggered the raid was a hoax .
Instead of returning the children to their parents , as any decent human being who cared about the welfare of the children would have done , the Department embarked on a deliberately campaign of misinformation , inflating the number of minors who were pregnant or had born children from five to 31 by classifying adult mothers as minors .
Being unwilling to admit mistakes is a natural human tendency , but being willing to keep hundred of children from their parents in order to avoid , or at least postpone , the admission is not the behavior of people who actually care about the children in question .
The Texas affair is not the first , or the largest , example of this pattern .
Decades ago , the Canadian government took a much larger number of children away from their parents on equally flimsy grounds , shipped them across the country , forbade them from speaking their own language .
The Australian government was guilty of a similar outrage .
In both of those cases , as , I suspect , in the Texas case , the real purpose was not to protect children from physical abuse but to remove them from a culture the authorities disapproved of — First Nation in Canada , aboriginal in Australia , polygamist in Texas .
Somewhere in the world there are probably a few parents who care less about the welfare of their own children than the people responsible for those cases of mass child abuse cared about the welfare of other people 's children , but I have never met any of them .
Which raises the general question :
Would it be better if governments had no power to remove children from their parents ?
It is easy to imagine , probably to point out , particular cases where such removal is justified .
But in order to defend giving government the power to do something , you must argue not only that it can sometimes do good but that , on net , it can be expected to do more good than harm .
Judging by what we have seen in Texas over the past two months , that is a hard argument to make .
This leads to a second question :
Are there alternative way of protecting children from abusive parents ?
One obvious answer is that even if the state cannot take children away from their parents , it can still punish parents for the crime of killing or injuring their children .
In my first book , I suggested a different approach : shifting power away from parents not to the state but to the children .
Weaken or eliminate the legal rules that make it possible for parents to keep control over children , especially older children , who want to leave .
Make it easier for adults who care about the risk of child abuse to offer refuge to runaways .
One can , of course , imagine possible bad outcomes from that solution , as from any solution for real world problems .
But it seems to me now , as it did thirty - some years ago when I wrote that chapter , that it is a better solution than giving the power to the state .
The person most likely to care about my welfare is me .
The people next most likely are my parents .
State officials who make their living out of taking control over other people ’s children are a very distant third .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - A blast in a mosque in Iran that killed at least 12 people was an accident and not an attack , a senior official said on Sunday , but others cautioned the investigation into the cause was continuing .
Iranian media had reported that a bomb exploded in a crowded mosque in the southern city of Shiraz on Saturday evening .
About 200 people were wounded and some were in a critical condition .
State television carried footage showing wooden debris and pieces of brick strewn on the mosque ’s carpet - covered floor and ambulances and fire engines rushing to the scene .
“ Last night ’s explosion in Shiraz was as a consequence of an accident and not the planting of a bomb , ” the official IRNA news agency quoted the deputy interior minister in charge of national security , Abbas Mohtaj , as saying .
He did not give details , but state Press TV television said the blast may have been “ caused by explosives left behind from an earlier exhibition commemorating ” the 1980 - 88 Iran - Iraq war .
The semi-official Fars News Agency carried a similar report .
“ The cause of the incident was probably laxness since a defence fair was held at this place some time ago , ” it quoted the commander of security forces in the southern Fars province , Ali Moayedi , as saying .
But Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Ali Hosseini said the investigation was continuing , and “ therefore no pre-judgement can be made about the incident ” .
The deputy head of parliament ’s national security commission , Mohammad - Nabi Roudaki , said the possibility of a terrorist attack had not yet been ruled out .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
Security is normally tight in Shi’ite Muslim Iran and bomb attacks have been rare in recent years .
But several people were killed in 2005 and 2006 in blasts in a south - western province with a large Sunni Arab population .
Tehran has in the past accused Britain and the United States of trying to destabilise the Islamic Republic by supporting ethnic minority rebels operating in sensitive border areas .
Fars News Agency on Saturday quoted a police official as saying a “ hand - made ” device had been planted in the mosque .
The governor of Fars province said on Sunday the death toll had risen to 12 from nine initially reported after the blast .
The explosion took place in the male section of Shiraz ’s Shohada mosque during an address by a cleric .
People in Shiraz , a city of more than one million inhabitants and a popular tourist destination , were urged to donate blood for the wounded .
A man carrying a blood - stained shirt said he and others were knocked unconscious by the force of the blast : “ We went to the mosque after the evening prayer ... when suddenly there was the sound of an explosion and then we did not feel anything . ”
TALLAHASSEE , Florida ( Reuters ) - Most Florida residents would be allowed to take guns to work under a measure passed by Florida lawmakers on Wednesday .
A Smith & Wesson 9 mm handgun sits on display at the 132nd Annual National Rifle Association Meeting in in Orlando , Florida April 27 , 2003 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The bill , allowing workers to keep guns in their cars for self - protection , was approved by the Florida Senate by a vote of 26 - 13 .
It now goes to Republican Gov. Charlie Crist to sign into law .
Backed by the National Rifle Association and some labor unions , the so - called “ take - your - guns - to - work ” measure would prohibit business owners from banning guns kept locked in motor vehicles on their private property .
The measure applies to employees , customers and those invited to the business establishment as long as they have a permit to carry the weapon .
Backers say the measure upholds the vision of the authors of the U.S. Constitution , who made the right to bear arms part of the Bill of Rights .
“ The second thing they wrote about in that constitution was the right to bear arms , ” said Sen. Durell Peaden , a Republican from Crestview , Florida .
“ It was what was dear in their hearts . ”
The measure exempts a number of workplaces including nuclear power plants , prisons , schools and companies whose business involves homeland security .
Critics say the measure usurps business owners ’ rights to determine what happens on their property and puts workers and managers at risk from disgruntled employees .
Dozens of workplace shootings occur every year in the United States and studies have shown that job sites where guns are permitted are more likely to suffer workplace homicides than those where guns are prohibited .
“ This is an attempt to trample upon the property rights of property owners and attempt to make it more difficult to protect the workers in a workplace and those who visit our retail establishments , ” said Sen .
Ted Deutch , a Boca Raton Democrat .
Oklahoma , Alaska , Kentucky , and Mississippi have similar laws , although in Oklahoma , an appellate court barred the state from enforcing the legislation on grounds that it was unconstitutional .
Florida business groups are urging the governor to veto the measure , saying owners should be allowed to determine what happens on their property .
“ We are disappointed that politics clearly won over good policy , ” Mark Wilson , president and chief executive of the Florida Chamber of Commerce , said in a statement .
Ten percent of American voters believe Sen. Barack Obama is Muslim , despite the presidential candidate 's frequent descriptions of his Christian faith and a high - profile flap over his former pastor .
The finding was contained in survey results released by the non-partisan Pew Research Center for the People & the Press .
While a majority — 53 % — identify Obama as a Christian , 16 % of conservative Republicans , 16 % of white evangelical Protestants and 19 % of rural Americans believe the Illinois senator is Muslim .
About a third of Americans said they do n't know what Obama 's religious beliefs are , and 9 % of that group said it 's because they 've heard different information about his faith .
Confusion over the candidate 's religion crosses party lines .
Fourteen percent of all Republicans , 10 % of Democrats and 8 % of independents think he 's Muslim , according to the survey .
Nearly 80 % of Americans said they had heard something about controversial sermon sound bites from Obama 's former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , that have been circulating in the media .
The survey follows an earlier poll in which 80 % of the general public said they 'd heard rumors that Obama is Muslim .
Enlarge By Alex Wong , Getty Images Democratic presidential hopeful Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , speaks to supporters at Wilkes University in Wilkes - Barre , Pa. , Tuesday .
WASHINGTON  Senator Barack Obama emerged from Tuesday ’s primaries leading Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton by more than 100 delegates , a small but significant advantage that Democrats said would be difficult for Mrs. Clinton to make up in the remaining contests in the presidential nomination battle .
Neither candidate is expected to win the 2,025 pledged delegates needed to claim the nomination by the time the voting ends in June .
But Mr. Obama ’s campaign began making a case in earnest on Wednesday that if he maintained his edge in delegates won in primaries and caucuses , he would have the strongest claim to the backing of the 796 elected Democrats and party leaders known as superdelegates who are free to vote as they choose and who now stand to determine the outcome .
Mrs. Clinton ’s aides said she could still pull out a victory with victories in the biggest primaries still to come , including Ohio and Texas next month .
But Mr. Obama ’s clear lead in delegates allocated by the votes in nominating contests is one of a number of challenges facing her after a string of defeats in which Mr. Obama not only ran up big popular vote margins but also made inroads among the types of voters she had most been counting on , including women and lower - income people .
Should the cracks in her support among those groups show up in Ohio and Texas as well , it could undermine her hopes that those states will halt Mr. Obama ’s momentum and allow her to claim dominance in many of the biggest primary battlegrounds .
BEIRUT , Lebanon ( CNN ) --
Gun fire broke out in downtown Beirut on Thursday after Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah said recent government actions amount to " a declaration of open war . "
Government loyalists add tires to a burning barricade Thursday outside Beirut , Lebanon .
more photos »
There are reports of open street battles in at least one neighborhood .
Video showed people throwing stones at each other , as Lebanese soldiers used tear gas to disperse the crowds .
The violence is limited to Beirut 's Shiite and Sunni neighborhoods and has continued into the evening hours .
Shortly after Nasrallah 's speech , CNN's Cal Perry reported from Sodeco Square in downtown Beirut during an intense gun battle .
" Just in the past few minutes ... things have gotten a lot worse , " he said , taking cover with the Lebanese army .
He said government forces have not reacted to the violence .
Watch Perry call in through gunfire »
The Lebanese army , which is charged with trying to keep peace in the capital , is in a precarious position , Perry explained .
" When you 're talking about this much gunfire , when you 're talking about [ rocket - propelled grenades ] fire , it 's absolutely ludicrous to think that the army will put themselves between these two factions , " he said .
Video of the scene showed empty streets and shuttered stores .
There were no reports of violence in Beirut 's Christian neighborhoods .
Witnesses and journalists described a long line of cars on the main road leading out of Beirut after the violence broke out .
In his televised speech , Nasrallah offered harsh words for the government , blaming it for declaring war by banning Hezbollah 's telecommunications system .
" We believe the war has started , and we believe that we have the right to defend ourselves , " the Hezbollah leader said .
" We will cut the hand that will reach out to the weapons of the resistance , no matter if it comes from the inside or the outside . "
He explained that Hezbollah 's unmonitored telecommunications system , which the government recently deemed illegal , is " the most important element for the resistance . "
Nasrallah called on the government to " withdraw their decisions , and there would be no war . "
Late Thursday , Hezbollah 's television outlet announced that the organization had rejected calls by the leader of the ruling parliamentary bloc for talks led by a new president .
Lebanese parliamentary majority leader Saad Hariri blamed Nasrallah for " starting a new round of horror " and called on the army to intervene .
The latest tensions between Lebanon's U.S. - backed government and Hezbollah were sparked Monday when the government declared Hezbollah 's communication system illegal .
The same day , the government fired the head of Beirut airport 's security , Brig .
Gen. Wafik Shoukeir , amid its investigation into allegations that Hezbollah had installed cameras and other monitoring equipment at the airport .
Hezbollah viewed Shoukeir 's dismissal as another confrontation by the Sunni-led government against the Shiite militant group 's authority .
The government believes that Hezbollah was using the equipment to keep tabs on anti-Syrian government officials , possibly funneling the information to Syria .
Syria has been accused of carrying out assassinations on anti-Syrian Lebanese politicians , a charge it vehemently denies .
Hezbollah has been blamed for using Wednesday 's labor strike , planned to protest low wages , as an excuse to take to the streets of Beirut to protest the government 's crackdown on its telecommunication system .
The strike quickly turned into a flashpoint over Lebanon 's 17 - month - old political crisis .
Watch what touched off the fighting »
Hezbollah supporters continue to block all the roads leading to Beirut 's airport , forcing the cancellation of nearly all incoming and outgoing flights .
The airport is strategic for Lebanon , which is wedged between Syria and Israel , because it is the only way into and out of the country for many people .
Watch soldiers , burned cars in streets »
In his speech , Nasrallah argued that Hezbollah 's telecommunications system is a weapon that is legal under the Taif Agreement , which ended Lebanon 's civil war in 1989 .
That agreement called for the disarmament of all militias except for Hezbollah because of its role as a resistance group against the Israeli occupation , which ended in 2000 .
Hezbollah sees the Lebanese government 's ban of its communication system as a pretext for arresting its members .
Nasrallah said the secure line of communication allowed Hezbollah to thwart Israeli forces during the 36 - day war in 2006
" As a resistance , we do n't have a big budget like the United States and Israel , " Nasrallah said .
" When we need to face them and their high technology , we need to have the simplest means of networking . "
CNN Senior Arab Affairs Editor Octavia Nasr contributed to this report .
All About Lebanon • Hezbollah
Secret Exit Strategy Circulated Does NATO
Want Out of Afghanistan ?
In public , NATO is demanding that all allies contribute their fair share to the ongoing effort in Afghanistan .
But behind closed doors , a paper has been circulated that may provide the beginnings of an exit strategy .
Germany is pushing the plan .
For those of you who do n't know , Earth Day is April 22 , and Arbor Day is April 25 .
In the spirit of thinking about the environment , I came across some interesting statistics which , when you put them together , give some shocking conclusions .
The first piece of information is an article about the volume of mail sent through the US Postal Service each year ( over 100 Billion pieces of junk mail ) .
The second piece of information is actually a couple different statistics I gathered on the web , such as the size of a business envelope , US population estimates , the number of inches in a mile , distance from the Earth to the Moon , and so on .
I was horrified to find out how much outbound marketing is destroying the environment .
Shocking Junk Mail Statistics & Environmental Damage
Junk Mail Kills 2.6 Million Trees Every Year .
I assumed each piece of " standard mail " was junk mail ( this is only about 50 % of the total volume of US Mail ) and assumed that junk mail uses 2 sheets of paper ( 1 envelope and 1 letter ) , found the number of sheets of paper per tree , and did some math .
Of course some junk mail is only a postcard , but some is a catalog .
And some does use recycled paper .
But I did not factor in any of the damage caused by all those trucks burning gas to deliver all the mail either .
Every US Household Gets 6 Pieces of Junk Mail Each Day .
I took the total volume of junk mail and divided by the number of households and the number of mail delivery days and got the answer , which is 6.3 .
In 5 Days We Produce Enough Junk Mail to Reach the Moon .
I took the width of a business envelope ( 8 - 7/8 inches ) and multiplied by the number of junk mail pieces and divided by the number of inches to the moon , and saw that we could reach the moon 61 times per year with our junk mail .
If you divide the number of mail delivery days by 61 , you get 5 , which means every 5 days we could reach the moon again with our junk mail .
Junk Mail Produces 1 Billion Pounds of Landfill Each Year .
If you take the 2.6 million trees killed each year and convert that into pounds of paper , you get roughly 2 billion pounds .
Even if you assume half of that is recycled ( I saw an estimate of 45 % on Wikipedia ) you still have 1 billion pounds of paper going into landfills Junk Mail Weighs Almost Double the US Military 's Tanks .
Our junk mail weighs nearly twice as much as all the US tanks in the world , combined .
If you take the average US tank at a weight of 67 tons ( a ton is 2,000 pounds ) and divide the total weight of paper from junk mail by that number , you find that junk mail produced each year weighs the same as over 15,000 tanks .
According to Wikipedia , the US military has about 8,000 tanks .
By the way , a tank weighs about 40 times more than a standard car .
How to Reverse the Environmental Damage from Junk Mail
Link to this article using the link anchor text " stop outbound marketing " and email your friends to do the same thing .
Leave a comment below so that everyone can publicly see how many trees we will plant .
Do n't have a blog or website ?
Start one !
Or just leave a comment below showing your support and we 'll count that too .
Are you a marketer who wants to produce less junk mail ?
Find out how inbound marketing can help you waste less of your marketing budget on harmful junk mail .
Generate higher quality leads at a lower cost using search engines , blogging and social media - download these Internet marketing webinars to learn more about how to get started .
Note :
We 're doing this program in cooperation with the Arbor Day Foundation .
APKPure vs Aptoide
The battle between the app industries is surely one of the most interesting battle in the apps market since APKPure surpasses Aptoide in terms of number of visits for this year .
The average duration of visits for APKPure is 3.14 minutes while APToide has 2.44 minutes .
APKPure has 110.59 million number of visits while its rival has 46.36 million visits for this year .
Most of the visits are coming from countries such as Brazil , United States , France , Mexico , Turkey and many other countries .
The number of countries make it hard to mention the countries involve since they are 249 other countries involve in the statistics .
APKPure
This is one of the tops sites , wherein you can download your favorite games and apps for mobile devices .
Visiting the site , I learned that some of the following games are the top downloads for the last 24 hours .
And if you like games , this information would be important for you since you are sure that they are good .
They are PUBG Mobile , Legend of Brave , Rocket Royale and many more .
While you might not find some of them interesting , you would have an idea on what is the best in the industry and from there , you can make your own choices .
For Apps ; people are into Instagram , Vidmate , WhatsAPP Messenger , and Google Play Store seems to be among the top choices .
Aptoide
This is one of those sites wherein you can download your favorite apps and games .
It seems that most of the apps and games that are available in APKPure can also be found here .
It ’s a free app so you would n’t have a problem , regarding money .
The apps and games are all categorize so you would have an easier time to find what you want .
Uptodown king for Google Play Store Alternatives
If you are tired of the two , do n’t worry since there is an alternative and based from the stats from SimilarWeb , it is the best in the industry among Play Store alternatives .
It have 231.82 million visits for the last 6 months .
Most of the visits ’ duration seems to be alright since visitors are staying there for an average of 2:52 minutes .
Most of the visits are coming from some of the top countries such as Brazil , Russia , Mexico , Argentina and 249 other countries .
Uptodown
Like the first two , this site is legit and , you can download some of the apps and games that you would like to be available on your mobile device .
They have games and apps for Ubuntu , Windows , Mac , Android , iPhone and WebApps .
If you want to the best apps then it would be wise to look at some of the top download of the sites because it would tell you how much people like those games and apps .
For sure , they are all good games and apps .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama holds a slight advantage over John McCain , 47 % to 44 % , in the latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking update of general election preferences among registered voters .
Obama 's three percentage point advantage is within the poll 's margin of error .
He has improved his positioning relative to McCain in the past week , when he trailed McCain by as many as three points .
In general , the matchup of the likely nominees has been close since Gallup began tracking it in mid-March .
In a hypothetical matchup of Hillary Clinton and McCain , Clinton holds a 4 - point lead over McCain , 48 % to 44 % .
Obama holds a double - digit lead over Clinton for a fourth consecutive day in national Democratic voters ' nomination preferences , 53 % to 42 % .
As the primary and caucus season winds down and his nomination appears increasingly likely , Obama has in recent days enjoyed his strongest showing in Gallup Poll Daily tracking .
While he also held double - digit leads at earlier points in the campaign , he has not been able to sustain a lead of that size until now .
( To view the complete trend since Jan. 3 , 2008 , click here . )
On Tuesday , Clinton won a resounding victory in the Kentucky primary while Obama prevailed in the Oregon primary .
Most of the interviews in the current tracking results were collected before the outcomes of those contests were known .
-- Jeff Jones
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The Democratic nomination results are based on combined data from May 18 - 20 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 1,278 Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
The general election results are based on combined data from May 16 - 20 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 4,465 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
The prison in Cuba currently has about 270 detainees
The US is " stuck " with the Guantanamo Bay detention centre even though it wants to close it , Defence Secretary Robert Gates has said .
Mr Gates said the US wanted to send up to 70 prisoners home but countries would either not take them or could not be trusted to .
Human rights groups have long argued for its closure , saying it does not meet international legal standards .
The prison in Cuba currently has about 270 detainees .
' Astounding ' Mr Gates told a US Senate hearing : " The brutally frank answer is that we 're stuck .
We have a serious ' not in my backyard ' problem .
" Either their home government wo n't accept them or we 're concerned that the home government will let them loose once we return them home , " he said .
" What do you do with that irreducible 70 or 80 who you cannot let loose but will not be charged and will not be sent home ? " he asked .
The Pentagon has said 36 former inmates who were released are " confirmed or suspected of having returned to terrorism " .
Democratic Party Senator Dianne Feinstein told Mr Gates : " Nothing you have said absolves the enormous loss of credibility we have in the eyes of the world .
" We are being called hypocrites , that we have double laws , laws for some , and no laws for others . "
Rights groups condemned Mr Gates 's attitude .
Vincent Warren , executive director of the Centre for Constitutional Rights , told Reuters news agency : " The secretary 's comments really are astounding in light of the money , resources and personnel of the department of defence . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
electionline Weekly
electionline Weekly is an original publication covering timely election topics , sent to subscribers on Thursdays .
Subscribers get a curated collection of breaking news , resources , and new perspectives from leaders in the field .
Career pathways and origination stories
How America ’s local election officials got there
By Paul Gronke , Paul Manson , and Jay Lee
Early Voting Information Center at Reed College
In a new series of blog posts , we will share highlights from our 2019 Survey of Local Election Officials , a joint collaboration between Democracy Fund and the Early Voting Information Center at Reed College .
The DF / RC team are appreciative of the LEOs who took time out of their busy schedules to answer the survey .
In 2019 , 3000 LEOs were randomly selected to take the survey and 876 responded .
For more information about how the survey was conducted , visit the study website .
We like to describe local election officials in the US as the “ stewards of democracy . ”
LEOs comprise more than 8,000 local government employees and elected officials in municipalities and counties across the country , with a diverse range of pay , training , and experience .
THE Greeks are the heaviest smokers in the world , getting through over 3,000 cigarettes per person in 2007 , according to ERC , a market - research company .
European countries occupy 18 of the 20 top slots .
A combination of public bans , hefty taxes and health warnings has led to a decline in most rich countries , but the Japanese and Spanish are finding it hard to kick the habit .
Cubans smoke less than Americans , perhaps preferring cigars instead .
Shutterstock
Food For Thought
© copyrighted
Courageous Whistleblower
Diane Kleiman
Exposes Major U.S. Customs Cover - Ups
At JFK Airport
October 7th , 2004 by columnist
David Lawrence Dewey
" Reading provides knowledge ...
knowledge leads to answers . "
SEARCH HOME Previous Columns
NOTICE : IF YOU LINK TO THIS COLUMN , YOU MUST USE THIS URL : http://www.dldewey.com/kleiman.htm
DO NOT POST THIS COPYRIGHTED MATERIAL ON ANY MESSAGE BOARD !
On February 3 , 1999 , U.S. Customs agent , Diane Kleiman arrested two suspects carrying $ 750,000 in cash .
Even though the currency was in the custody of the U.S. Customs Service , approximately $ 300,000 simply disappeared .
Kleiman made note of the missing money in her " Report of Investigation " ( ROI ) .
According to Kleiman , Tom Flood , who her was her supervisor , that after reviewing the report , ordered Kleiman to change the amount of the missing cash to only $ 44,000 .
What is disturbing about this case is the fact that all rooms at JFK Customs are equipped with video cameras , with one exception .
The room where the currency is counted has no camera .
Kleiman assumed that a $ 300,000 discrepancy would spark interest from someone , internal affairs or at least the Justice Department .
KIeiman was wrong .
Much to Kleiman 's surprise , no internal affairs investigation was ever initiated .
What happened next was a series of what is evident was the beginning of a huge cover-up .
Kleiman was first alienated and isolated from her co-workers .
This was Kleiman 's first arrest since becoming a U.S. Customs agent .
For some reason , her supervisor , Tom Flood ordered the other agents in the office not to assist Kleiman in the continuing investigation of this case .
During Kleiman 's investifation , she discovered that one of the two suspects was already wanted by the DEA .
This suspect was turned over to the DEA .
This lead Kleiman to begin a cooperative effort with a DEA agent from Florida .
Kleiman then became an outcast in the JFK Customs office by reporting the missing $ 300,000 .
She now found herself without assistance from her supervisor or coworkers as she tried to do her job .
Because of the cooperative effort with the DEA agent in Florida she was about to find out more about what and how these suspects and the $ 750,000 were tied to .
Her contact at the DEA in Florida told her about a smuggling operation at JFK and how the ring operated .
This is what Kleiman discovered from her DEA contact .
An airline employee with keys to the ramp would booked a flight on the same flight on which the courier
( or mule ) transporting the drugs .
The airline employee would use his keys and access as an employee to exit the airport along with the mule , bypassing Customs inspection , Security and Immigration checkpoints .
Using information she had obtained in the arrest and the information from the DEA , Kleiman continued her investigation .
Evidently , Tom Flood who was her superivisor expected Kleiman to fail without guidance or assistance in the case .
However , just the opposite happened .
Within 6 weeks Kleiman made an important arrest .
The case involved a conspiracy of airline workers at JFK who were smuggling massive amounts of drugs through the airport .
The drugs ultimately found their way to the streets of New York .
Kleiman arrested the mule who had 46.2 pounds of cocaine .
She also detained an airline employee , who had been seated directly behind the mule with the keys to all the exit gates and also a New York City police detective seated with the mule and airline worker .
Kleiman 's DEA agent contact had described this exact smuggling scenario to her after making numerous arrests in Florida based on the same pattern .
What happened next was very disturbing .
Tom Flood , Kleiman 's supervisor , released everyone except the mule .
There was no question that getting an indictment for drug smuggling against all three would not have been a problem .
So why did Tom flood release the airline employee and detective ?
To make matters worse , the airline employee released was back at work at the airport ramps at JFK the very next day
The events that followed are disturbing to say the least .
Kleiman was called into a meeting with her supervisor , Tom Flood .
According to Kleiman , Flood ordered her to commit perjury before the Grand Jury .
Kleiman says that Flood told her that it would be embarrassing for Customs to admit that drugs were being smuggled in right under their noses .
Even more embarrassing would be the fact that it took DEA to inform Customs of the problem .
It was apparent what was now happenning .
A turf war between the U.S. Customs and DEA had begun .
Kleiman informed Flood that she would not lie before the Grand Jury .
When Kleiman refused , according to Kleiman , " He threatened me with termination . "
In the days to come in the investigation , Kleiman refused to commit perjury and the DEA Agent involved in the arrest subsequently backed up Kleiman 's account of what transpired .
Firing Kleiman presented a difficult task for Tom Flood .
Up until this case , Kleiman 's evaluations had always been excellent .
But before they could fire Kleiman , they had to make her look incompetent before they did .
According to Kleiman , Tom Flood told her the following .
He would re-write all her evaluations and make it look as if she had been doing poorly on her job .
What is so disturbing about this case is according to Kleiman , Tom Flood stole her evaluation book which contained copies of her previous elevation from a locked cabinet .
Thankfully , Kleiman had copies of the originals .
Tom Flood then fired Kleiman after " re-writing " Kleiman 's evaluations from good to bad .
A year later there was an investigation on the circumstances of Kleiman 's termination and according to Kleiman , Tom Flood lied to the investigator .
Flood had presented re-written evaluations and stated that these were the only evaluations that had ever existed .
Flood has re-written Kleiman 's original evaluations that were good , to trying to portray her as an inferior agent .
Flood 's new re-written evaluations of Kleiman differed greatly from the positive versions of which Kleiman had copies of and in which she gave to the investigator investigating her termination .
According to Kleiman , Tom Flood was asked if her evaluations had been amended or superseded .
Flood said that they had not .
The investigator then informed Flood 's boss , Marvin Walker , that she had copies of the original evaluations and that Flood was lying .
Walker told her to wait while he went to Flood 's office for more information .
An hour later , still waiting while Flood and Walker were still behind closed doors , the investigator ended the meeting and decided to let the case go to trial .
Kleiman has filed a court case in U.S. Federal Court of wrongful termination and is determined to bring the truth out about the cover - up of the case .
According to Kleiman , she is not interested in a settlement , she simply wants the truth to get out to the american public of this cover - up .
Kleiman is concerned also about the public .
Everyday , the public , Kleiman says are placed at risk while believing that things have changed in these days since 9/11 .
However since 9/11 , Kleiman charges there have been numerous violations , such as :
People with access to the ramps are NOT checked when they enter or leave the ramps .
This means that drugs , money , bombs and guns can be placed on or removed from planes by airport workers in the course of their daily work .
Even the best passenger screening is meaningless if weapons are put on the planes by accomplices with access to the aircraft .
Many of these employees are illegal aliens and have criminal backgrounds .
Ramp workers were not screened by the federal government for 2 years following 9/11 .
Finally , and most important Kleiman says , " it doesnt matter what new procedures are enacted in Washington DC. , when supervisors at the ports of entry are incompetent , engaged in criminal activity and corruption or both .
When the bosses are inept , the morale of the rank and file declines , leaving our borders unprotected . "
According to Kleiman , the following is a list of recent incidents at JFK .
6/21/2002 - A group of American Airline workers were arrested for taking bribes of $ 1000 a head to smuggle illegal aliens through the airport using their pass keys .
They would smuggle them through the sterile corridors , the same method Kleiman had described in March , 1999 .
8/9/2002 - Thousands of U.S .
Customs employee credentials and computers with sensitive information were reported lost or stolen .
11/18/2002 - 118 ramp workers were arrested at JFK who were illegal aliens and or had criminal histories .
6/14/2003 - Naked man arrested found wondering on the ramps of LaGuardia Airport .
Obviously .
The man was mentally ill but he had broken security .
If he had been wearing overalls , nobody would have noticed him and he could have placed an explosive device on a plane .
8/12/2003 - 3 boat kids were washed ashore on the ramps of JFK and found wandering around for hours without being stopped .
Imagine the kind of havoc they could have caused if they had bad intentions .
They had to spend hours trying to seek out help from the police .
11/25/2003 - 25 airline ramp workers who were part of a large drug conspiracy ring were arrested for smuggling in huge amounts of drugs into the country , including the largest drug arrest in the history of JFK Airport .
In a 14 month period alone , they smuggled into the U.S. - $ 50 million dollars worth of cocaine .
They should have been arrested earlier but their arrest was timed for when a Congressional group was going to be at JFK that day .
Kleiman charges that U.S. Customs has denied that drugs were smuggled under their noses for over a decade .
All of Kleiman 's written documentation proves that Customs was well aware of the drug smuggling operation since at least 1999 .
Imagine how many kids could have been spared drug addictions and possibly overdoses during this five year time frame .
Kleiman further charges : " the method for smuggling the drugs into the country is the same as the method for smuggling surface to air missiles , firearms , biological , chemical or nuclear devices , yet instead of conducting an investigation , the agency continues to attack the whistle blower , the person who exposes the problem .
If whistle blowers are silenced , our country is left unprotected . "
My opinion , Kleiman deseves a medal for exposing this corruption in our own government .
For more information and updates on Diane Kleiman 's case and to learn more about Diane , be sure to visit her site at : http://www.customscoverup.com/.
Diane is presently a practicing attorney in the State of New York .
Sometime this month , Diane will be giving depositions for her Federal Court case to expose the truth concerning this corruption .
What I would really like to know , what happened to the $ 300,000 missing money ?
And , why are there no cameras in the room at the U.S. Customs office at JFK where they count money ?
Last but least , Diane 's final thoughts on this matter are these .
" My hope is that it will instill enough anger into each and every reader so that you will write to your senators and congressmen to demand reform and accountability .
I hope that you will take the time to write a letter to express your outrage about what happens to the whistle blowers in these agencies because it is the whistle blowers that will save your lives .
I 'm not interested in a settlement because I want the story to get into a public forum , that being in federal court in front of a jury . "
Diane wants the truth told to the American Public .
For Diane and most importantly for yourself , I urge my readers to write their Congressman today about this serious case and demand both a Senate and House Investigation .
Until next time , ~ David Lawrence Dewey
© All Rights Reserved .
Use of these collected data is restricted .
Newspapers , syndicates or publications wishing to use this information or his columns , email your request with details to Mr. Dewey 's agent .
Email Contacts for DL Dewey .
For any other use , DLDEWEY for permission to use column or columns , detailing your request to use which column or columns and for what purpose .
Macs have always inspired a fierce loyalty in their users .
Now , thanks to PC compatibility , an improved OS , great ads and better tech support , more users are feeling the love for shiny eye - candy tech and simple user interfaces .
" Apple 's had a university / educational focus for 30 years , " says J.P. Gownder , analyst at Forrester Research .
" Their primary focus is " We build products that individual users will enjoy to a great extent . "
MORE ON Macs
Are Mac Lovers Better Than Everyone ?
Eight Financial Reasons Why You Should Use Mac OS
Eight Reasons NOT to Use Linux in the Enterprise
At Oregon State University , more faculty members are experiencing that enjoyment , say Tammy Barr , director of technology services at Oregon State University and Dave Nevin , IT manager for college community network .
Here are four reasons more folks are switching and some of the consequences of that move :
1. PC Compatibility
Macs do n't comprise a majority of the computers that Barr and Nevin support at Oregon State .
Not even close .
Barr estimates that Mac users represent only 5 percent of the 3,000 computers that her team supports ( so about 150 ) , but the number of Macs is rising , she says .
One reason : " Macs are more friendly to PC users than they used to be , " says Barr .
She 's talking about Parallels and Boot Camp , which enable Mac computers to operate Windows XP on their machine .
2. An Improved OS
Support of Macs during the mid and late 90s was tough , recalls Barr .
For example , Mac users would often get the system bomb error - 21 , and troubleshooting what that error actually meant was time - consuming and difficult .
That reputation of being riddled with operating systems errors and being difficult to support " kept a lot of people away from Macs , " she says .
" Now Macs have a much more stable operating system . "
Barr and Nevin primarily support Mac OS 10.4 and 10.5 ( with a few Mac OS 10.3 clients ) and are currently working to transition to Leopard .
3. Mac vs. PC Ads
Nevin believes Apple 's marketing has also contributed to higher rates of Mac adoption .
Those ads brought personification and mass appeal to a subject that only geeks could love previously .
Using layman 's terms and appealing to the " cool " factor , the ads build a case for choosing a Mac over a PC .
" The Mac vs. PC ads are very compelling marketing ; and I think they 've had sway , " says Nevin .
An outgrowth of mainstreaming Macs is a lessening of the emotion and fervor surrounding them .
Macs have always enjoyed a quasi cult - like status , say analysts such as Gownder , and along with that , the attendant religious fervor and smugness .
But both say they think Mac use and ownership is becoming " less emotional . "
The Mac vs. PC question " almost used to be a religious battle , and I see that disappearing . "
4. Support
Greater Mac familiarity combined with more reliance on the Web apps .
" Since I went to a Unix base , it 's become easier to find people who are familiar with the core of the Mac OS , " says Nevin .
" So support is getting simpler because of that familiarity , " He adds that Macs are faster to deploy than PCs and training users goes more smoothly .
That said , PCs on the whole are easier to support since updates can be created centrally and rolled out to users automatically , but not as yet with Macs .
That may change as the number of users justifies expenditures on Mac server support .
And one trend is making that centralized support less important — the increased use of Web - based applications .
Traditionally , most applications were client - server based , so centralized support was mandatory for cost - efficiency .
But with the ability to go to the Web for more and more needs , the type of operating system a user has becomes less important , says Barr .
All that said , neither Nevin nor Barr see Mac adoption coming close to the number of PCs at Oregon State or in businesses more generally .
" The key factor is Mac .
Apple is not targeting the enterprise market effectively , " says Nevin .
" Until they do I think you 'll only see piecemeal adoption instead of grand scale shift . "
Gownder agrees .
" Apple is not trying to create holistic systems the way Microsoft would ; Apple is designing to the end user . "
The US Pirate Party has no candidate for the upcoming elections , but who do the pirates vote for ?
Barack Obama , and the party strongly urges all its members to support his campaign , and vote for him in the primaries , and later this year in November .
The Pirate Party just published a press release in which they show their support for Obama , and ask their members to support him as well .
Obama is indeed the only candidate who ’s even been willing to consider copyright change , the others are more interested in protecting the commercial rights of a few .
Other than that , he has a healthy view on how to ensure people ’s privacy and he values net neutrality .
Andrew Norton , a spokesperson of the US Pirate Party told TorrentFreak : “ We believe in democracy , and progress .
Since we are not putting forward a candidate of our own , we stand solidly behind Mr. Obama , as he is the only candidate that seems to realize that personal privacy is a right , not a privilege , and believes that copyright is , as the constitution defines , for progress , rather than profit . ”
Mr. Obama clearly understands the important role that the Internet plays in delivering information and communications in general according to the US Pirate Party .
A great example of this is the speech he gave at the at the Google campus where he said , “ I will take a backseat to no one in my commitment to network neutrality . ”
He later told TechCrunch : “ I will prevent network providers from discriminating in ways that limit the freedom of expression on the Internet . ”
So , no BitTorrent blocking if it was up to Obama , sorry Comcast .
Do n’t want to trust on the Pirate Parties ?
You can do a votematch here if you ’re tired of all the campaign commercials and want to base your decision on what the candidates actually stand for .
Note : all Ron Paul comments will be censored ;)
Most of us have seen the intriguing Microsoft Surface commercials and their possibilities , but can we really afford one ?
A Do It Yourself version has been developed by Eyebeam .
For the much lower cost of $ 500 - 1000 , the Cubit Project is available , allowing you to download the software and also instructions of building one all by your own .
In addition , a Cubit kit including all the hardware necessary to build the Surface like product is being talked about .
This would consist of all the necessary materials , instructions , and requires you to just provide a computer to hook up the table to .
Although a price has not been mentioned for the full kit , additional information is available at their site .
This DIY may not have the Microsoft brand stamped to it , but I believe that many may look at that as one of the more attractive features of the project .
If you have been interested in the Surface product , would you consider a full purchase of the original , building one all by yourself , or getting the Cubit kit ?
Via : Slashgear
You can use basic HTML markup ( e.g. < a > ) or Markdown .
Note that your post may be edited to suit the format of the site .
Authenticate with GitHub
As you are not logged in , you will be
directed via GitHub to signup or sign in
A Post By : Darren Rowse
It ’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas – so I thought I ’d take a look at what people are posting on Flickr and saw this theme emerging .
Freaky Christmas
Lights wrapped around people , animals , kids … .
Note : some people do n’t find this post safe for work or to be family friendly .
Proceed with caution if sensitive .
Also – if you ’re going to try this at home – be very careful !
Posted in Books , Evolutionary Computation by Dan on April 7th , 2008
I just spotted this on comp.ai.genetic .
The authors of a new book called A Field Guide to Genetic Programming have made it available for download in PDF form free of charge .
Weighing in at around 200 pages , it looks like a reasonably concise introduction to the topic ( unlike some of the huge and hideously expensive GP books you can buy on Amazon ) .
This is good timing for me because I ’ve recently started hacking together a GP example application to include in the next release of the Watchmaker Framework for Evolutionary Computation .
So I can catch up on a bit of background reading to make sure I ’m doing things sensibly .
Watchmaker is a general purpose evolution framework , intended to address the full range of evolutionary algorithms .
I ’ve been claiming for a while that you can use it for genetic programming , so I thought it was about time I demonstrated this .
I ’m not aware of anybody having used Watchmaker for GP so far .
I ’d love to hear from anybody who has done so .
Genetic programming is also covered in an accessible way in Toby Segaran ’s excellent book , Programming Collective Intelligence , which includes GP examples in Python .
Odds are you 'll never see this .
Manufacturer's of the platic foil bags for chips ( aka Frito Lay , Sun Chips Doritos ) invented a resealable bag in the mid 90s that added NO NET COST to the food company .
It was never used .
Why ?
Because already purchased bags of chips would take longer to go stale and consumers would purchase less bags resulting in lower top line revenue .
Half drunk - drank - dranken ( ? ) cans of soda get tossed .
Even if this added no net cost to the bottlers ( ie Coca Cola Enterprises ) it would still result in reduced top line revenue from a lower rate in product turnover .
From a consumer perspective , this simple device is awesome .
From a business perspective , I would touch it with a ten foot pole .
By FIONA MACRAE
Last updated at 19:44 09 January 2008
Anyone losing out to the big beasts in a bout of office politics might start to think their workplace is something of a jungle .
And , according to researchers , that insight could hold the key to getting up the career ladder .
For studies show that the tricks used by monkeys and chimps to survive in the wild can also bring success in the office .
Scroll down for more ...
" The office and the jungle are surprisingly similar , " says a report in this week 's New Scientist .
" Both are ruled by stringent hierarchies , they are grounded in the need for co-operation , and complicated by the drive to compete .
" Add in the risk of hostile takeovers , a marketplace of favours and favourites , brazen opportunism and a long - held tradition of brown - nosing , and you can't tell the savannah from a forest of cubicles . "
The magazine sets out five " rules of the jungle " that would apply equally in the office .
It said : " If you 're stumped by office politics , or want to learn the best way to deal with aggressive colleagues or unreasonable bosses , then our wilder cousins may offer a few insights into how to survive the office jungle . "
The magazine cited a U.S. study which found that monkeys , just like people , resent being treated unfairly and even go on strike when they believe they 've been given a raw deal .
The researchers trained the creatures to trade pebbles for food - either a slice of cucumber or a much more highly - prized grape .
If the scientists gave one monkey a grape and another just a piece of cucumber for doing the same thing , the short - changed creature would effectively go on strike by refusing to participate any further .
Translated into office behaviour , this led to the first rule - avoid taking credit for work that is done collectively .
New Scientist said office relationships break down when workers hijack colleagues ' projects and that employees should not brag about their salaries .
While it is good to have your colleagues on side , keeping in with your boss - rule number two - may be even more important .
Studies show that monkeys , chimps and other primates who spend time currying favour with their superiors receive more support in fights .
Workers can also learn something from the animal kingdom about the value of not bearing a grudge - rule number three .
Chimps often hug and kiss after a fight , dolphins rub and goats nuzzle .
Animal experts said that reconciliation cuts stress and reduces the chances of subsequent flareups .
The fourth piece of advice from the wild is to be a team player , with studies showing that chimps prefer the company of cooperative sorts .
For people , the advice is : be nice and show it .
This can be achieved by simple strategies such as buying cakes or making tea .
Even the boss is not exempt from the rules of the wild , with studies showing that boorish chimps have to fight constantly to hold rank , raising stress levels for everyone .
New Scientist said being a good boss - rule number five - was a careful balancing act of control , leadership and motivation .
3D bioprinting is a highly - advanced manufacturing platform that allows for the printing of tissue , and eventually vital organs , from cells .
This could open a new world of possibilities for the medical field , while directly benefiting patients who need replacement organs .
Instead of waiting for a suitable donor or having the risk of their body rejecting a transplanted organ , 3D printed organs allow patients to have a customised organ fabricated specifically to replace their faulty ones .
However , even with headway that 3D bioprinting has made in the last two decades , it is still lacking significant strides in order to produce complex 3D biomimetic tissue constructs .
According to researchers from the Singapore University of Technology and Design ( SUTD ) , Nanyang Technological University ( NTU ) and Asia University , tissue culture techniques in particular require accelerated progress to address the bottleneck of maturing bioprinted multi-cellular 3D tissue constructs into functional tissues .
Their research paper entitled “ Print me an organ !
Why are we not there yet ? ” has been published in the Progress in Polymer Science .
In the paper , researchers also provided in - depth review of recent improvements and analysed the bioprinting techniques , progress in bio-ink development , implementation of new bioprinting and tissue maturation strategies .
Special attention was also given to the role of polymer science and how it complemented 3D bioprinting to overcome some of the major impediments such as achieving biomimicry , vascularization and 3D anatomically - relevant biological structures , in the field of organ printing ( refer to image ) .
The use of complementary strategies such as dynamic co-culture perfusion system was seen as critical towards ensuring maturation and assembly of bioprinted tissue constructs .
Even though it is now possible to fabricate human - scale tissues or organs that can potentially mature into vascularized and partially - functional tissues , the industry is still lagging behind in the bioprinting of human - specific tissues or organs due to the complexities in tissue - specific extracellular matrices ( ECM ) and tissue maturation process – the lack of suitable co-culture medium to support multiple types of cells and the need for further tissue conditioning prior to implantation .
“ While 3D bioprinting is still in its early stages , the remarkable leap it has made in recent years points to the eventual reality of lab - grown , functional organs .
However , to push the frontiers of medicine we must overcome the technical challenges in creating tissue - specific bio-inks and optimizing the tissue maturation process .
This will ultimately have a huge impact on patients ’ lives , many of whom may be reliant on the future of 3D bioprinting , ” said Professor Chua Chee Kai , lead author of the paper from SUTD .
Ah , Linux …
Did you see the trailer for GTA : IV ?
I posted four questions last week before the trailer ’s debut :
– Where will it take place ?
– When will it take place ?
– Who is the protagonist ?
– And how far did they stray from the formula ?
We now know it takes place in Liberty City , looks as if it takes place in present day or mid-nineties and the main character is Russian ( so expect some sweet former KGB driven stories ) .
As far as the formula , there ’s not much information about that .
Actually , the trailer was mainly shots of the city , but they were some wicked looking shots of the city .
Did you see the poster for the Top Hooker ?
One of the webcomics in my repertoire of regular reads celebrated its one year birthday on the 24th of March .
The comic is value=dead_ and its just fun .
Its good otaku / video game driven fun , Fortunately for me , I had the honor of doing a guest strip for this momentous celebration .
So head on over to value=dead_ and check it out .
Way to go VD !
Way to go .
Want to unlock some quick and easy achievements on your XBox 360 ?
Then , I ’ve got one word for you …
UNO .
Seriously , this is the easiest two hundred points you will ever unlock .
Play the game for an hour or so and you should be able to unlock the first eight with ease .
Just a suggestion …
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
There 's a moderately amusing McDonald 's commercial where office workers bemoan the moribund state of the dollar until they realize how much they can buy with a buck on Mickey D's dollar menu .
Yup , everybody is talking about the sad state of the greenback .
The dollar 's weakness has been bad news for consumers .
It has driven up the price of commodities and that 's sent food and gas prices sharply higher .
Imported goods are now more expensive .
And that vacation you were planning to Europe ?
Good luck being able to afford a nice bottle of Bordeaux in Paris .
( You might want to try these vacation spots where the greenback is still relatively strong . )
However , some see hope ahead for the dollar .
For one , it has rebounded a bit against the yen after hitting a 12 - year low against Japan 's currency in March .
And after hitting a record low against the euro yesterday , the dollar bounced back a bit against the euro Friday .
Market experts say this could be a sign that investors sense the U.S. economy may in fact pick up in the second half of this year .
As such , it 's hard to imagine the dollar falling much further .
" There is a universal despisement of the dollar .
Everything negative about the U.S. economy is discounted .
There are no secrets , " said David Hoffman , managing director with Brandywine Global Investment Management , a fully - owned subsidiary of Legg Mason .
" But I do n't think growth will be as weak as the bearish case .
The environment is set up for a dollar bounce . "
The market also seems to be sensing that the Federal Reserve may stop lowering interest rates soon .
That would also help strengthen the dollar since big rate cuts since last September are one reason why the dollar has fallen .
" Investors are reacting to the idea that the Fed is almost done or done cutting rates , " said Bill Knapp , investment strategist with MainStay Investments .
" There is continued inflation pressure .
That 's the biggest risk to the economy and the Fed knows that . "
Bets on another steep rate cut at the Fed 's next meeting at the end of this month are diminishing .
According to federal funds futures on the Chicago Board of Trade , investors are pricing in a 100 % certainty of a quarter - point cut on April 30 but only a 6 % chance of a half - point rate cut .
If the Fed pauses after the April 30 meeting , that could put an end to the dollar 's free - fall .
And that could help consumers who have been hit hard by rising prices at their local grocery store and gas station .
" I think a stronger dollar will help knock oil prices down , " Hoffman said .
" The gut reaction for many investors in the past few months has been ' The dollar 's weak .
Buy something else . '
Any strength in the dollar would help diminish intermediate inflation fears . "
Hoffman said he 's hopeful the dollar may have already bottomed out against the yen and may be in the process of doing so against the euro .
But what will it take for a meaningful rally in the dollar ?
Knapp says two scenarios could keep the dollar rallying .
The first is that the European Central Bank , which has resisted calls for rate cuts , finally starts lowering rates .
That would sap some of the euro 's strength .
Knapp does n't see that happening anytime soon though .
The more likely situation , according to Knapp , is that the Fed cuts its federal funds rate to 2 % at the end of this month , keeps it there for a while and then starts raising rates later this year as the economy picks up .
" Interest rates play an important role in where currencies go .
A pause in the Fed 's rate cuts would at least stop the fall of the dollar , " he said .
" And if the housing market comes back as I think it will this summer , there is a good chance you could get a rate hike before end of the year . "
Hoffman is also optimistic that the housing market will stabilize soon .
And he agrees with Knapp that the Fed is likely to hit the pause button once rates hit 2 % .
But he thinks Europe will actually help the dollar as well since that central bank , which typically has a heavier inflation focus than the Fed , can't ignore the possibility of a slowdown in Europe for much longer .
" The ECB , before too long , will begin cutting rates .
Economic reality will force them to .
They tend to not focus on slowing growth until they have to , " Hoffman said .
Hopefully , Knapp and Hoffman are right .
A stronger dollar and the resulting dips in food and energy prices would be a welcome relief to all .
And hey , maybe a stronger dollar will cause a certain Brazilian supermodel - and girlfriend of Super Bowl - losing quarterback Tom Brady - to start demanding payments in dollars .
Yes , I realize that the Gisele Bundchen only works for euro story turned out to be untrue but this Giants fan could n't resist working in another mention to Big Blue 's ( not IBM ) Super Bowl championship !
Issue # 1 - America's
Money :
All this week at noon ET , CNN explains how the weakening economy affects you .
Full coverage .
Have you lost your job , your business or your home ?
Are you raiding retirement accounts to pay the bills ?
We want to hear from you .
Tell us how you 're being affected by the weakening economy and you could be profiled in an upcoming story .
Send emails to realstories@cnnmoney.com .
Center for Media and Democracy ( CMD )
520 University Ave , Ste 305 • Madison , WI 53703 • ( 608 ) 229-6801
CMD is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax - exempt non-profit .
© 1993-2020
Crop monocultures are bad .
How , then , has the world 's most successful herbivore thrived by exploiting a single cloned crop ?
That conundrum is posed by the leafcutter ant , which harvests more greenery than any other South American animal and uses the vast plantfall to feed the fungi gardens on which they subsist .
But while other ant farmers plant a variety of fungus species , leafcutters sow just one , and they propagate it through cloning .
That seems to contradict a tenet of sustainable farming : monocultures are bad , as their lack of genetic diversity leaves them vulnerable to disease and disruption .
How have leafcutters managed this trick ?
And could they teach us how to make our own agriculture sustainable ?
At present , the land provides us with enough to eat – but that might not last .
Many agronomists say the clock is ticking on the bounties of the Green Revolution , which depended on fossil fuel - fueled pesticides and fertilizers , as well as soil - wearying techniques and the establishment of vast monocultures .
With the Earth 's population booming and nearly every farm - friendly acre already exploited , keeping our farms running is a looming concern .
And for inspiration , says Smithsonian Institution entomologist Ted Schultz , we might look to the leafcutter ant , which despite its reliance on a single crop represents the apex of ant agriculture .
I talked this morning with Schultz , who co-authored a recent
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences paper on the evolutionary history of ant farming .
Schultz described a complex evolutionary dance : the leafcutter fungi is constantly threatened by disease .
At the same time , bacteria living on ant exoskeletons produces a disease - killing antibiotic .
But somehow the system has stabilized , preventing pathogens from ever raging out of control .
The stability may come not only from the continuing evolution of disease - killing bacteria , but the ants ' farming technique : they cultivate their fungal monocultures by constantly transplanting the best parts of their gardens .
The health of these plots , said Schultz , " might be a product of microbial consortia – lots of different microbes that form an ecosystem that is better in one part of the garden than another . "
By moving these " microbial consortia , " the ants create an environment in which their otherwise - precarious harvest can thrive .
" People are starting to think that in general there may be good proportions of certain soil microbes , and bad proportions of others , "
said Schultz .
" It might make sense to culture the soil to optimize it for particular crops .
What needs to happen is that people need to look at this in an evolutionary agriculture kind of way . "
Evolutionary agriculture is a newly - emergent discipline that applies the lessons of evolutionary biology to agriculture through a long - term lens
\– not just breeding a better crop or devising a one - time cure for disease , but setting the entire system on a healthily - evolving course .
Ants have farmed for million of years , said Schultz .
" We 've only been doing it for ten thousand .
We 're pretty rudimentary . "
Note :
For more on evolutionary agriculture , check out " Darwinian agriculture :
When can humans find solutions beyond the reach of natural selection ? " [ .pdf ]
Major evolutionary transitions in ant agriculture [ PNAS ]
*
Image : Katholieke Universiteit Leuven *
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
2003 AD - Operation Iraqi Freedom
An Iraqi mortar crew assigned to 4th Battalion , 21st Brigade , 5th Iraqi Army ( IA ) Division waits for the rest of their battalion to assault a mock village as Mi-17 helicopters provide aerial security during a battalion live fire training exercise at Forward Operating Base Normandy in Iraq March 27 , 2011 .
( Image credit : Department of Defense )
Saddam Hussein's presidency of Iraq included a failed invasion of Kuwait in 1990 that precipitated the Persian Gulf War .
Following the war , US officials suspected Iraq of cease - fire violations , including the production of weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) .
In dealing with United Nation arms inspectors , Hussein proved intractable for more than 12 years .
On March 20 , 2003 , a combined military force consisting of 300,000 primarily US and British troops entered Iraq through Kuwait .
The reported pretext for the invasion was to locate and destroy chemical , nuclear , and biological WMDs , and depose Hussein .
To date , no WMDs have been found .
Baghdad fell on April 9 , 2003 .
President George W. Bush declared the end of major combat operations on May 1 , however , coalition forces remain to stabilize the country , experiencing frequent insurgent attacks .
Hussein was eventually captured near his home town of Tikrit .
Coalition fighters continue to encounter fierce resistance .
By March 11 , 2008 , more than 4300 American and coalition troops had died in Iraq with the civilian casualties estimated at about 90,000 .
1915 AD - Siege of Kut-al - Amara
Ctesiphon is an ancient city on the Tigris , founded by the Parthians .
It was here that British troops first engaged Turkish forces before Kut - al - Amara .
In World War I , England realized it must protect its Iraqi oil production interests against the German - Turkish alliance .
In 1914 , British forces began the Mesopotamian campaign at Al Faw .
After several easy victories , an attempt on Baghdad was launched .
However , the Anglo - Indian forces , commanded by Sir Charles Townshend , were undermanned and their supplies overstretched .
In November , 1915 , the British approached the ruins of Ctesiphon , on the Tigris 20 miles SE of modern Baghdad .
The Turks , under Nur-ud - Din , had positioned about 18,000 experienced men in two trenches on either side of the river .
The better - prepared Turks fended off the British , who dragged themselves back to occupied Kut - al - Amara .
The Turks besieged the city for 143 days , ultimately forcing a British surrender .
10,000 men went into brutal captivity .
The following year , the British finally took Baghdad , but the Siege of Kut - al - Amara was the army 's greatest military defeat .
1534 AD - Capture of Baghdad by Suleyman the Magnificent
During his reign , Suleyman the Magnificent , led the Ottoman Empire into its golden age , making it one of the world
In the early 1500's , the Ottomans began their rise to power as the next great Islamic state .
The first ruler was Sultan Selim I ( " The Grim " ) .
His victory in 1514 at the Battle of Chaldiran over the Safavids of Iran paved the way for Ottoman expansion into northern Iraq , as the Safavids had conquered Iraq in 1509 .
Son of Selim , Suleyman I ( " the Magnificent " ) succeeded to the throne in 1520 , and by 1522 turned his attention to the Safavids , first negotiating a truce with Archduke Ferdinand of Hungary , leaving himself free to wage the first of three major campaigns against Persia .
In 1534 , he took the cities of Baghdad and most of Iraq from the Persians , an enormous success , leading to almost four centuries of Ottoman rule in Iraq .
1258 AD - Mongols besiege Baghdad
16th Century representation of Hulagu Khan
Mesopotamia had become known as " Iraq , " the center of a large Muslim caliphate .
The Abbasid ruling family established a new capital at Baghdad , which prospered .
Early in the 13th Century AD , the Mongol leader , Temujin , organized the Mongol tribes into a marauding army over 700,000 strong , and began conquests of China , Persia , and Eastern Europe .
He renamed himself Chinggis ( Genghis ) Khan ( " World Conquerer " ) .
A generation later , his grandson , Hulagu , was dispatched to capture the remainder of southwest Asia .
In 1258 , Hulagu besieged Baghdad , then sacked most of it , slaughtering as many as 800,000 of the inhabitants .
He killed the scholars , erecting a pyramid of their skulls , and executed the caliph , al - Musta 'sim , the 37th and final Abbisid ruler of a line that had lasted 500 years .
Iraq was reduced to tribal culture , never to regain world prominence .
637 AD - Battle of Al - Qadisiyah
Once viewed as primitive and unorganized , the Arabs , united by Islam in the mid-600s AD soon conquered the Persian Empire .
The Persian Sasanians ruled Mesopotamia from 224 AD .
They thrived for centuries , but eventually became distracted by fighting the Romans and amongst themselves .
Ultimately , an unlikely outside force would topple them .
The Arabs had been tribesmen , unorganized and militarily primitive .
The new religion of Islam , founded by Muhammad , united the tribes .
In 634 , the Arab campaign against the Sassanians began .
18,000 Arab tribesmen , led by General Khalid ibn al Walid ( " The Sword of Islam " ) reached the Euphrates delta and began battling the Iranians ( Persians ) , who were rallied by their hero , Rustam .
A decisive battle occurred at Al - Qidisiyah , a village south of Baghdad .
Though outnumbered six to one , the Arabs defeated the Iranians , exhausted by many battles against the Byzantines .
Rustam was killed .
The Arabs shortly captured the Sassanid capital at Ctesiphon , ending their dynasty and introducing Islam to the region .
53 BC - Battle of Carrhae
Marcus Licinius Crassus , a Roman businessman and politican , was infamous for ordering the mass crucifiction of more than 6000 of Spartacus
Marcus Licinius Crassus became governor of Syria in 55 BC .
A triumvir with Pompey and Julius Caesar , he sought to increase his reputation by invading Parthian Mesopotamia .
With seven legions , about 44,000 men , he crossed the Euphrates .
However , he strayed from the river into the open desert .
Near Carrhae ( Harran ) , the Parthians approached with 10,000 mounted archers .
The Romans held a theoretical advantage , but lacked desert warfare experience ( fighting at midday in June ? ) , and staggered before the Parthian arrows , fired from compound bows .
Also , the Parthian commander , General Suren , had thoughtfully brought 1000 camels to re-supply his archers with arrows .
Surrounding the Romans , the Parthians turned the battle into dusty target practice .
Only 10,000
Gauls were reported to survive .
In attempting to surrender , Crassus was killed .
Roman prestige plunged in the east .
331 BC - Battle of Gaugamela
The last Persian Great King of the Achaemenid dynasty , Darius III Codomannus , is remembered in history for being defeated by Alexander the Great .
In 334 BC , Alexander III ( " The Great " ) crossed the Hellespont ( Dardanelles ) with 7000 cavalrymen and over 30,000 infantrymen .
During this expedition , Alexander defeated the king , Darius III , at the Battle of Issus .
Darius retreated to the Plain of Gaugamela , near Arbela ( Irbil ) .
There he massed a enormous army and ordered the plain cleared for his scythed chariots and war elephants .
Darius ' army stood in a massive line .
Alexander 's outnumbered Macedonian forces attempted to draw the Persians away from the prepared ground .
In countering , the Persian cavalry opened gaps in their own line , into which Alexander led his personal cavalry .
The Persian chariots charged the Macedonians , which yielded and then decimated their drivers with projectiles .
Alexander 's elite cavalry turned and attacked from the rear .
When Darius saw his troops in disarray , he fled , prompting a full retreat .
Alexander had ended the Persian empire founded by Cyrus II .
Around 1263 BC - Assyrian King Shalmaneser
I defeated Shattuara II of Hanigalbat
Shalmaneser I was the king of Assyria .
He restored the temple at Assur , established a royal residence at Nineveh , and removed the capital from Assur to Calah , just south of Nineveh .
Assyria developed around the city of Ashur on the upper Tigris , weaker than other states appearing after Hammurabi 's dynasty , including the Kassites and the Hurrians / Mitanni .
Assyria was long ruled by the Mitanni , but regained autonomy during the Middle Assyrian Empire .
In his second year of rule , Shalmaneser I attacked the breakaway state of Uruatru in southern Armenia .
Shattuara II of Hanigalbat , leading the rebellion with the aid of the Hittites , blockaded the mountain passes and waterholes .
With a desperation born of thirst , the Assyrians pounded the Mitanni kingdom into submission .
Afterwards , Shalmaneser claimed to have blinded 14,400 men , a nasty bit of psychological warfare .
His inscriptions mention the utter devastation of nine fortified temples , 180 Hurrian cities , and the Hittite and Ahlamu armies .
Obviously , the Assyrians were not well - liked .
Around 2300 BC - Military campaigns of Sargon the Great
Sargon overthrew the Sumerian king at Nippur and established what became known as the first empire in human history , becoming the king of Akkad .
Sargon of Akkad may have been the world 's first empire - builder .
Legend states that he was found floating in a basket and brought up by a gardener .
Later it is known he became a cupbearer to King Ur - Zazaba of Kish in Sumer .
Sargon rose from obscurity to overthrow Lugalzaggisi of Uruk , famously forcing the defeated ruler into a yoke and leading him to the gate of Enlil , a god , at Nippur .
Sargon also attacked 34 Sumerian cities .
In the process , he tore down the walls of the vanquished , imprisoned 50 ensis ( city - state rulers ) , and " cleaned his weapons in the sea " ( Persian Gulf ) .
Thus the Akkadian empire rose and the Mesopotamian military tradition was born .
2525 BC - Battle between Lagash and Umma
This fragment from the Stele of the Vultures , erected by Eannatum of Lagash , now at the Louvre Museum , Paris depicts the battle of Umma with Eannatum of Lagash defeating the king of Umma .
By 3000 BC , the Sumerians had developed into the earliest civilization of Mesopotamia .
The societies were organized into city - states , which warred constantly over the control of water .
Two of these , Lagash and Umma , sat 18 miles apart and feuded for generations over the fertile region known as Gu'edena .
In 2525 , King Eannatum of Lagash defeated Umma using armored soldiers in phalanx formations , and also chariots pulled by onagers ( wild asses ) , an invention frequently credited to the Sumerians .
How do we know of this battle ?
It was recorded by the king on a stone monument , " the Stele of the Vultures . "
Managing svn:ignore with impunity
Managing svn:ignore has always annoyed me .
After using git for the past few months , it bugs me even more now .
I think I ’ve come up with a simple way of coping .
That , or I totally stole it from someone else on the internet , without realizing it .
It ’s hard to keep track of these kinds of things .
The trick
Here ’s what you do :
Create a . svnignore in the top of your project .
Make a list of files / wildcards you care to ignore
Save it
Now , from the top of your project , you can do :
$ svn propset svn:ignore -F .svnignore .
If one were to wordify this command , it ’s be something like “ Set the svn : ignore property from the contents of the .svnignore onto the current directory . ”
It can really be any file , but I kinda like this convention .
It is also likely you will want to keep . svnignore under source control .
Now automate it
It ’s usually best to automate when possible , since even this simplied way of managing ignored files might get tedious .
Or maybe someone coming onto the project does n’t have our level svn-fu .
We already have a lib / tasks / svn.rake that has a few tricks in it , so I figured on expanding it .
Here ’s the original :
namespace : svn do desc " Adds all files with an svn status flag of '? ' " task ( : add ) { system % q ( svn status | awk ' /\\?/ { print $ 2} ' | xargs svn add ) } desc " Deletes all files with an svn status flag of '!' " task ( : delete ) { system % q ( svn status | awk '/\\!/ { print $ 2} ' | xargs svn delete ) } desc " Writes the log file to doc/ svn_log. txt " task ( :log ) do File.delete ( " #{RAILS_ROOT}/doc/svn_log.txt " ) if File : : exists ?(" #{RAILS_ROOT}/doc/svn_log.txt " ) File.new ( " #{RAILS_ROOT}/doc/svn_log.txt " , " w + " ) system ( " svn log >> doc/svn_log.txt " ) end end
I added a new task that looks like :
desc ' Updates svn:ignore from .svnignore ' task ( :update_svn_ignore ) do system % q ( svn propset svn:ignore - F .svnignore . )
end
Now we can tweak . svnignore to our hearts ’ content , and then just run :
$ rake svn:update_svn_ignore ( in / Users/nichoj / Projects /boston_rb ) property ' svn:ignore ' set on '.'
Awesome .
About Us
Cheapblinds was founded in 2004 , providing exceptional Australian - manufactured blinds and curtains for Australian homes .
We choose the best quality in fabrics and accessories in order to grant you an ideal window furnishing .
As a family run Melbourne - based business , we aim to provide the best quality and service to our new and loyal customers .
We understand the need for affordable products , leading to our elegant variety of design options paired with our cheap prices ,
Howard Dean tells
Fox News they 're ' shockingly biased '
RAW STORY
Published : Sunday May 4 , 2008
|
Print This Email
This " There are some things in the news department that have really been shockingly biased and I think that 's wrong and I just say so right up front , " DNC Chairman Howard Dean told Fox News Sunday .
" It is important also for us -- we should n't punish the viewers of Fox by staying away .
Now those viewers have had an opportunity to look at the debates on other channels , now they 're going to have an opportunity viewing on this channel and I think that 's fair . "
Watch the video at Crooks and Liars here .
Transcript of the exchange follows .
WALLACE : The left wing of your party is in a snit over all these Democrats appearing on Fox .
In fact , the head of MoveOn.org had this to say about Democrats on Fox .
" It legitimizes a right wing network that is going to use that credibility to smear them in the general election . "
He and the head of the Daily Kos are using words about you guys showing up here as weak , idiotic , stupid .
How do you respond to the left wing ?
DEAN : What I 'd say is this : we stayed off
Fox for a long time because your news department is , in fact , biased .
But , Chris , you have n't been .
You 've always been tough , but I always thought fair and I still think that 's true .
And we need to communicate with people who are going to vote in the Democratic Party .
Hundreds of thousands of Republicans have turned their back on their own party to vote in the Democratic primaries in the last six months .
We owe it to our -- to all the American people to reach out to those folks .
This is not about Fox News .
That 's not why I 'm here today .
I 'm out because I want to talk to your viewers directly about why this election is important and what we can offer the American people .
WALLACE : Let me ask you , and obviously it 's always about the millions of people who watch these shows .
Looking back , do you think it was a mistake for the Democratic Party to boycott
Fox debates and all the other programs during the last year and thereby boycott getting your message out to the millions of people who watch ?
DEAN : No , I think it was the right thing to do , because there are some things in the news department that have really been shockingly biased and I think that 's wrong and I just say so right up front .
It is important also for us -- we should n't punish the viewers of Fox by staying away .
Now those viewers have had an opportunity to look at the debates on other channels , now they 're going to have an opportunity viewing on this channel and I think that 's fair .
More excerpts , as provided by a release from the Democratic National Committee : On " 100 Years " " If the Republican National Committee would like to pay for the whole six minutes , I 'd be happy to do it .
I 've said publicly that John McCain said he wants to keep our troops in Iraq for up to 100 years .
He himself said some of that could be an occupation like South Korea or Germany , but the fact of the matter is first that anybody who thinks we can keep our troops in Iraq for 100 years without them being victimized by roadside bombs , suicide bombers and militias , I think is wrong and needs ... to look carefully at their judgment .
Secondly , Americans do n't want our troops in Iraq for 100 years no matter what they 're doing over there .
We can't afford that .
We need the money here at home for our jobs ...
" What John McCain said is his plan is to deal with Iraq , is to stay there maybe for a hundred years , whether it's an occupational force or whatever the force is .
Americans do not want our troops there for a hundred years .
Look , we have huge deficits .
Iraq is partly responsible for that .
We 're not investing in health care .
We 're not investing in our roads .
We 've got unemployment rising .
We need to bring our troops out of Iraq .
John McCain wants to stay in Iraq .
He has no plan -- he has no plan to bring our troops home .
Our guys do have a plan to bring our troops home ...
" Our problem is that John McCain ... is distorting what he said .
The fact of the matter is he began and ended his clip by saying he 's willing to stay in Iraq for a hundred years .
That is not what the American people want under any circumstances , whether it's like South Korea or whether it 's like Germany or whether it 's continuing for a hundred years to be sniped at by Shia militia and so forth . "
On " Better Off " " Chris , if you 'd gone on to play that thing that you just played , you would have seen him say again at the end , but Americans are ' better off ' than they were , and they are not .
Gas prices have gone from $ 1.10 a gallon in december of 2001 to about $ 3.50 now .
The average American income was $ 49,000 in 2001 .
2006 it was $ 48,000 .
That is unprecedented .
Never have we had a president who came in where the average American income dropped $ 1,000 bucks in the first six years of their term .
And what McCain is offering is four more years of George Bush .
He wants to extend the Bush tax cuts , of course he was opposed to that two years ago .
He wants to give a tax holiday on gas , that 's fine and good and then he wants to pay for it by increasing taxes , or increasing what he called user fees , which he said was a tax increase himself when he was debating that with Mitt Romney .
He has no economic plan .
He has no plan for getting us out of Iraq .
And I do n't think our ads misrepresent anything ... he concludes by saying , but things are better .
They 're not better .
Americans know it and John Mccain is simply out of touch . "
On the Democratic Race " I would like to have a nominee soon , but there are also some very good things going on .
35 million people have voted .
We have all those folks in our voter file .
Several -- hundreds of thousands of republicans have left their party and come to vote in our primary .
We have all those people in our voter file .
We are -- I did n't intend this when we started the 50 - state strategy , but we 're essentially conducting vigorous primaries in all 50 states and in our territories , and that 's going to matter in the fall ... So there are some good things going on .
Yes , it 's tough on the party .
It 's why I think the unpledged delegates need to say who they 're for by the end of June so we 'll know who our nominee is by the end of June , but there 's also enormous merit to everybody in America getting a shot to vote for these candidates in the primary . "
Host : What are Dr. Roadmap 's special tips ?
David Rizzo : Several things can help , these all add up cumulatively , in other words you pick up your percentage here and there , but first of all avoid traffic congestion .
Easier said than done but this gone along with my theories of beating traffic , commute management because remember if you are in a gas driven car , an internal combustion engine and you are stopped in traffic congestion you are getting zero miles per gallon so put some thought into ways of beating traffic congestion .
The other thing is if you are driving and you have got a stick or even an automatic that lets you select your gears , keep it in as high a gear as possible because of that gear ratio your engine will be turning over less , you will be burning less gas .
So you want it in 4th , 5th overdrive as opposed to 2nd or 3rd .
Yeah , lower gears are peppier and you can dart in and out of traffic but you are paying a price for that , higher gears are better .
Another tip is if you have got a lot of junk in your trunk , get rid of it .
For every 50 pounds of extra weight let 's say it 's a set of golf clubs , you loose 1 % of your gas efficiency .
So any extra junk in your car get rid of it that will improve your miles per gallon .
If you have got luggage rack , ski rack , bike rack on your car and you are not using it , take it off , because that cuts down on the wind or it accelerates the wind resistance .
So get those racks off .
Lastly in case you are wondering about drafting trucks , we see racers do it , they draft each other , bad idea , yeah you can save gas but you are asking for a crash .
Those trucks toss up rocks , debris in your windshield , it can cost you your life , it 's not worth drafting trucks .
8th April 2008 , 08:22 pm
When I first started playing with functional reactivity in Fran and its predecessors , I did n’t realize that much of the functionality of events and reactive behaviors could be packaged via standard type classes .
Then Conor McBride & Ross Paterson introduced us to applicative functors , and I remembered using that pattern to reduce all of the lifting operators in Fran to just two , which correspond to pure and ( <*> ) in the Applicative class .
So , in working on a new library for functional reactive programming ( FRP ) , I thought I ’d modernize the interface to use standard type classes as much as possible .
While spelling out a precise ( denotational ) semantics for the FRP instances of these classes , I noticed a lovely recurring pattern :
The meaning of each method corresponds to the same method for the meaning .
In this post , I ’ll give some examples of this principle and muse a bit over its usefulness .
For more details , see the paper Simply efficient functional reactivity .
Another post will start exploring type class morphisms and type composition , and ask questions I ’m wondering about .
Behaviors
The meaning of a ( reactive ) behavior is a function from time :
type B a = Time -> a at :: Behavior a -> B a
So the semantic function , at , maps from the Behavior type ( for use in FRP programs ) to the B type ( for understanding FRP programs )
As a simple example , the meaning of the behavior time is the identity function :
at time == id
Functor
Given b :: Behavior a and a function f :: a -> b , we can apply f to the value of b at every moment in ( infinite and continuous ) time .
This operation corresponds to the Functor method fmap , so
instance Functor Behavior where ...
The informal description of fmap on behavior translates to a formal definition of its semantics :
fmap f b `at` t == f ( b `at` t )
Equivalently ,
at ( fmap f b ) == t -> f ( b `at` t ) == f . ( t -> b `at` t ) == f . at b
Now here ’s the fun part .
While Behavior is a functor , so is its meaning :
instance Functor ( (-> ) t ) where fmap = (. )
So , replacing f . at b with fmap f ( at b ) above ,
at ( fmap f b ) == fmap f ( at b )
which can also be written
at . fmap f == fmap f . at
Keep in mind here than the fmap on the left is on behaviors , and on the right is functions ( of time ) .
This last equation can also be written as a simple square commutative diagram and is sometimes expressed by saying that at is a “ natural transformation ” or “ morphism on functors ” [ Categories for the Working Mathematician ] .
For consistency with similar properties on other type classes , I suggest “ functor morphism ” as a synonym for natural transformation .
The Haskell wiki page on natural transformations shows the commutative diagram and gives maybeToList as another example .
Applicative functor
The fmap method applies a static ( not time - varying ) function to a dynamic ( time - varying ) argument .
A more general operation applies a dynamic function to a dynamic argument .
Also useful is promoting a static value to a dynamic one .
These two operations correspond to ( <*> ) and pure for applicative functors :
infixl 4 <*> class Functor f =>
Applicative f where pure :: a -> f a ( <*> ) :: f ( a-> b ) -> f a -> f b
where , e.g. , f == Behavior .
From these two methods , all of the n-ary lifting functions follow .
For instance ,
liftA3 :: Applicative f => ( a -> b -> c -> d ) -> f a -> f b -> f c -> f d lift A3 h fa fb fc = pure h <*> fa <*> fb <*> fc
Or use fmap h fa in place of pure h <*> fa .
For prettier code , ( <$ >) ( left infix ) is synonymous with fmap .
Now , what about semantics ?
Applying a dynamic function fb to a dynamic argument xb gives a dynamic result , whose value at time t is the value of fb at t , applied to the value of xb at t .
at ( fb <*> xb ) == t -> ( fb `at` t ) ( xb `at` t )
The ( <*>) operator is the heart of FRP ’s concurrency model , which is determinate , synchronous , and continuous .
Promoting a static value yields a constant behavior :
at ( pure a ) == t -> a == const a
As with Functor , let ’s look at the Applicative instance of functions ( the meaning of behaviors ) :
instance Applicative ( (-> ) t ) where pure a = const a hf <*> xf = t -> ( hf t ) ( xf t )
Wow — these two definitions look a lot like the meanings given above for pure and ( <*> ) on behaviors .
And sure enough , we can use the function instance to simplify these semantic definitions :
at ( pure a ) == pure a at ( fb <*> xb ) == at fb <*> at xb
Thus the semantic function distributes over the Applicative methods .
In other words , the meaning of each method is the method on the meaning .
I do n’t know of any standard term ( like “ natural transformation ” ) for this relationship between at and pure / ( <*>) .
I suggest calling at an “ applicative functor morphism ” .
Monad
Monad morphisms are a bit trickier , due to the types .
There are two equivalent forms of the definition of a monad morphism , depending on whether you use join or ( >>= ) .
In the join form ( e.g. , in Comprehending Monads , section 6 ) , for monads m and n , the function nu :: forall a . m a -> n a is a monad morphism if
nu . join == join .
nu . fmap nu
where
join :: Monad m => m ( m a ) -> m a
For behavior semantics , m == Behavior , n == B == ( ->)
Time , and nu == at .
Then at is also a monad morphism if
at ( return a ) == return a at ( join bb ) == join ( at ( fmap at bb ) )
And , since for functions f ,
fmap h f == h .
f join f == t -> f t t
the second condition is
at ( join bb ) == join ( at ( fmap at bb ) ) == t -> at ( at . bb ) t t == t -> at ( at bb t ) t == t -> ( bb `at` t ) `at` t
So sampling join bb at t means sampling bb at t to get a behavior b , which is also sampled at t .
That ’s exactly what I ’d guess join to mean on behaviors .
Note : the FRP implementation described in Simply efficient functional reactivity does not include a Monad instance for Behavior , because I do n’t see how to implement one with the hybrid data -/ demand - driven Behavior implementation .
However , the closely related but less expressive type , Reactive , has the same semantic model as Behavior .
Reactive does have a Monad instance , and its semantic function ( rats ) is a monad morphism .
Other examples
The Simply paper contains several more examples of type class morphisms :
Reactive values , time functions , and future values are also morphisms on Functor , Applicative , and Monad .
, , and .
Improving values are morphisms on Ord .
The paper also includes a significant non-example , namely events .
The semantics I gave for Event a is a time - ordered list of time / value pairs .
However , the semantic function ( occs ) is not a Monoid morphism , because
occs ( e `mappend` e' ) == occs e `merge` occs e'
and merge is not (++ ) , which is mappend on lists .
Why care about type class morphisms ?
I want my library ’s users to think of behaviors and future values as being their semantic models ( functions of time and time / value pairs ) .
Why ?
Because these denotational models are simple and precise and have simple and useful formal properties .
Those properties allow library users to program with confidence , and allow library providers to make radical changes in representation and implementation ( even from demand - driven to data - driven ) without breaking client programs .
When I think of a behavior as a function of time , I ’d like it to act like a function of time , hence Functor , Applicative , and Monad .
And if it does implement any classes in common with functions , then it had better agree the function instances of those classes .
Otherwise , user expectations will be mistaken , and the illusion is broken .
I ’d love to hear about other examples of type class morphisms , particularly for Applicative and Monad , as well as thoughts on their usefulness .
When I first started playing with functional reactivity in Fran and its predecessors , I did n’t realize that much of the functionality of events and reactive behaviors could be packaged via ...
Steve Watson
Infowars.net
Wednesday , May 28 , 2008
It ’s not often you hear about a Taser stun affecting a person ’s health in a positive way , however , fresh reports from doctors of just such a occurrence have provided more evidence that the so called " less than lethal " weapons do affect the heart of those they are used on .
Doctors at Hartford Hospital in Connecticut have reported that a shock from a Taser may have caused a man ’s irregular heart back into a healthy rhythm .
Dr. Kyle Richards , a cardiologist at the hospital related the story to Reuters that a patient , admitted to the hospital after jumping in a very cold lake whilst fleeing from police , was shocked with a taser after becoming combative during treatment .
The doctors at the hospital believe that the shock corrected an irregular heart rhythm known as atrial fibrillation .
" This is the first report of a patient receiving a shock of this kind and having a positive outcome , " Richards said .
After commenting that studies done in pigs show the weapon can affect the heart muscle , Dr. Richards told reporters " It ’s just one more thing that says , hey , Tasers can actually affect the heart . "
Last week two prominent heart doctors told an ongoing Canadian inquiry that there is no doubt that Taser stun guns can cause heart problems and even induce sudden and lethal cardiac arrest .
A cardiologist and a heart surgeon both stated that based on their own studies of the literature on the weapons , it is clear that they can induce ventricular fibrillation .
Earlier this month doctors condemned as corporate " intimidation " a court decision ordering a chief medical examiner to remove any reference to the use of a taser as an antecedent in the deaths of three men .
Taser International filed and won a civil suit , forcing deletion all mentions of the weapons in the autopsy reports and requiring the deaths be termed " accidental " .
In the past week Taser International has won three more lawsuits contending that the weapon was a principle cause of wrongful death or injury .
This now brings the total amount of cases that have been either dismissed or won by Taser International to 70 .
No judge has yet ruled against the stun gun manufacturer , which maintains the weapons do not affect the heart or the nervous system , despite medical testimony to the contrary , and according to senior police officers instructs that the exact opposite is true .
The UN ’s Committee Against Torture disagrees with Taser International , and back in November last year issued a statement on the TaserX26 , which read : " The use of TaserX26 weapons , provoking extreme pain , constituted a form of torture , and that in certain cases it could also cause death , as shown by several reliable studies and by certain cases that had happened after practical use . "
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
TEHRAN - The Intelligence Ministry on Saturday released details of the detection and dismantling of a terrorist network affiliated to the United States .
In a coordinated operation on May 7 , Iranian intelligence agents arrested the terrorist network ’s members , who were identified in Fars , Khuzestan , Gilan , West Azerbaijan , and Tehran provinces , the Intelligence Ministry announcement said .
The group ’s plans were devised in the U.S. , according to the announcement , which added that they had planned to carry out a number of acts such as bombing scientific , educational , and religious centers , shooting people , and making public places in various cities insecure .
One of the terrorists was killed in the operation , but the rest are in detention , the Intelligence Ministry said , adding that the group ’s main objective was to create fear among the people .
The United States Central Intelligence Agency comprehensively supported the terrorist group by arming it , training its members , and sponsoring its inhumane activities in Iran , the Intelligence Ministry stated .
The terrorists had maps , films , pictures , and sketches of important and sensitive sites in various cities in their possession when they were arrested .
They also had a large number of weapons and ammunition and a great deal of highly explosive chemicals and cyanide .
The blast at a religious center in Shiraz last month was carried out by this group , and it also had plans to carry out similar attacks on the Tehran International Book Fair , the Russian Consulate in Gilan Province , oil pipelines in southern Iran , and other targets , the communiqué stated .
Thirteen people were killed and over 190 others wounded in a bombing carried out on April 12 at the Rahpuyan-e Vessal religious center , which is part of the Seyyed - ul - Shohada Mosque complex , located in a residential area of Shiraz .
I 've been watching the MSNBC coverage of the Petraeus / Crocker hearings before Congress all day , often wishing someone would say something tangible or constructive .
I 'd like to deal with the things I 've heard today , piece by piece .
I do n't want this to be another 2008 election post , despite the obvious overtones with all 3 candidates addressing the panel .
I will start , briefly , with that point to get it out of the way .
The question I was hoping to hear from any or all of the candidates ( or any of the other Senators ) was , " What is the minimum requirement to declare victory in Iraq that will allow us to bring our troops home ? "
I 'd heard all the prepared statements from Petraeus and Crocker and found them seriously lacking in detail or vision .
They were very careful and non-committal , generally preferring a combination of status quo rhetoric and ambiguous progress which may or may not continue in the future .
Essentially , they said , " The conditions dictate our next move , and we do n't know what those conditions will be at any point in the future despite optimism about recent progress . "
John McCain , to use a baseball analogy , drew a walk in his inquiry .
He did n't take a swing with any real questions , preferring to highlight the party line on successful benchmarks on the ground .
He said more or less the same thing he 's been saying on the campaign trail and while he did n't hurt himself with any ridiculous new projections about Iraq , he also never took the bat off his shoulder to get answers for us , the American people .
He took his base , and passed the rest of the inning along to his Committee on Armed Service teammates .
Hillary Clinton hit a ringing double with her command of the facts , pointed questioning , and her insistence that the U.S. Congress holds the right to ratify a treaty with the Iraqi government , not the other way around .
I think she missed the opportunity to ask more questions as a result of her rather long opening statement , but the tone was very very strong .
Before I get to Barack Obama , I 'd like to say that I think the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , overall , was FAR superior in their tough questioning of the two guests than their Armed Service colleagues .
The Democrats on the Committee on Armed Service panel allowed Petraeus to repeat his prepared statement talking points over and over and allowed Ambassador Crocker to drone on in a filibuster - like waste of valuable questioning time .
The Republicans kissed their asses on a number of occasions , never asking a single productive question about where the Occupation ends .
Barack Obama was fortunate to make his questioning near the end of the Foreign Service business , after Senators from both parties had tenderized the Bush administration 's front men with tough , pointed questions about the loss of life , treasure , and focus in the Middle East and on the larger battle with Islamic extremists .
The Committee managed to keep the pressure on regarding our finite resources , patience , and military personnel .
Obama hit a solo home run , by following a rather powerful and heated Barbara Boxer and a fairly bland George Voinovich with an almost professorial examination of the duo before him .
He started slow with a bit of a wordy opening question that never materialized as clearly as he wanted , but evolved into a productive , respectful , and logical dialog .
He occasionally interrupted the panelists when their answers strayed from his point , but did so with a respectful and dignified tone that kept the pair open to his line of questioning .
I 'm biased in Senator Obama 's favor , but he asked the question that I wanted to hear .
He asked about whether a messy status quo would be an acceptable outcome for the United States , especially in light of the uber - high bar the administration seems to be setting to define success .
That was close enough for me , as it gets right at the heart of my own question , and far more effectively .
There was never an answer to that question that seemed remotely acceptable .
We have lost 4 , 024 American soldiers since the invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
Tens of thousands of Iraqi civilians , if not more , have been killed .
We have spent trillions of dollars .
We have diverted attention and resources from Afghanistan and Al Qaeda .
We have allowed Al Qaeda and Iran to create footholds in Iraq where they did not exist before .
We stand by and allow the political stalemate in the Iraqi government dictate the tenure of our military presence .
What little progress they make in the effort for reconciliation and an end to sectarian violence is offset by the corruption , bad blood , and lack of commitment to a real Iraqi state .
1,000 Iraqi soldiers went AWOL in the recent battles in Basra , refusing to fight .
News reports show US inspections of Iraqi units which find them taking long lunches and sleeping on the job .
There has been almost no progress on restoring electricity , water , sewage , or other important basic services , while money has gone missing at an alarming rate .
The list goes on and on .
The people that needed to be seated before Congress to take the heat for this situation , or explain it to all of us , are Secretary of State Condeleeza Rice and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates .
Those are the people responsible for the policy in Iraq .
They need to address military and diplomatic goalposts for success .
Could they sit there are answer the question that I wanted to ask , and that Senator Obama posed so eloquently .
Senator Robert Menendez put it very well when he said something to the effect of , " You ca n't tell us what the end game is for success .
It 's almost like you 're saying , we 'll know it when we see it and give us an open checkbook in the meantime . "
In the end , we never heard anything resembling a decent answer about where this thing goes from here .
I 've said in the past that I do n't want a precipitous and risky withdrawal that leaves a power void to be filled by Iran , Al Qaeda , Moqtada al Sadr , militias , criminals , or civil war .
I do want a reasonable withdrawal starting ASAP that indicates that Iraq needs to stand on its own sooner than later .
It needs to resolve the unresolved with some measure of urgency and seriousness .
A messy status quo looks good to me , as long as we stand prepared with an international coalition to provide some air cover for the Iraqi military and / or some logistic support in the area of intelligence and reconnaissance .
We need to reject the idea of a long term presence in Iraq because it will be unproductive for them and for us .
It will put a tremendous drag on our economy and promote ill will with the Arab and Muslim community that already sees us as imperial occupiers .
The upcoming election will determine everything about the way we move forward , and I think either Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama have a good command of our realistic options for the future of the Occupation and our presence in the region .
John McCain ?
Not so much .
25 interesting things that you learn about computers in the movies ...
High tech equipment is often driven by a computer with a DOS prompt .
( re : RoboCop )
High tech companies do n't do offsite backups of the data ( re : Terminator 2 )
All media devices are readily available - ie If someone hands you a DAT tape with important data on it your PC will have a DAT drive .
No matter what you ask a computer to do it will respond with a percentage complete bargraph - especially when searching for data it can accurately give you the time remaining until it finds that data .
Data searching will always involve displaying all the searched data on the screen until a match is found - this is true of text and graphics such as fingerprints .
Telephone calls can be easily redirected through places all over the world , and upon a tracea globe will be displayed complete with lines travelling between each place .
Deleting of data always takes just a little less time than it takes the bad guys to knock down the door .
Alltechnology is plug and play - every computer can have any piece of technology attached .
High tech graphical interfaces are often driven by hundreds of keystrokes which do not appear anywhere on the screen .
IP addresses automatically supply the feds with the physical address ( ie log on and they know where you are ! )
Word processors never display a cursor .
You never have to use the spacebar when typing long sentences .
Just keep hitting the keys without stopping
All monitors display 2 inch high letters .
High - tech computers , such as those used by NASA , the CIA , or some such governmental institution , have easy - to - understand graphical > interfaces .
Those that do n't will have incredibly powerful text - based command shells that can correctly understand and execute commands typed in plain English .
Corollary :
You can gain access to any information you want by simply typing " ACCESS ALL OF THE SECRET FILES " on any keyboard .
Likewise , you can infect a computer with a destructive virus by simply typing " UPLOAD VIRUS . "
Viruses cause temperatures in computers , > > just like they do in humans .
After a while , smoke billows out of disk > drives and monitors .
All computers are connected .
You can access the information on the villain 's desktop computer , even if it 's turned off .
Powerful computers beep whenever you press a key or whenever the screen changes .
Some computers also slow down the output on the screen so that it does n't go faster than you can read .
The * really * advanced ones also emulate the sound of a dot - matrix printer as the characters come across the screen .
All computer panels have thousands of volts and flash pots just underneath the surface .
Malfunctions are indicated by a bright flash , a puff of smoke , a shower of sparks , and an explosion that forces you backward .
( See # 7 , above ) People typing away on a computer will turn it off without saving the data .
A hacker can get into the most sensitive computer in the world before intermission and guess the secret password in two tries .
Any PERMISSION DENIED has an OVERRIDE function .
Complex calculations and loading of huge amounts of data will be accomplished in under three seconds .
In the movies , modems transmit data at two gigabytes per second .
When the power plant / missile site / whatever overheats , all the control panels will explode , as will the entire building .
If you display a file on the screen and someone deletes the file , it also disappears from the screen .
There are no ways to copy a > backup file -- and there are no undelete utilities .
If a disk has encrypted files , you are automatically asked for a password when you try to access it .
No matter what kind of computer disk it is , it 'll be readable by > any system you put it into .
All application software is usable by all > computer platforms .
The more high - tech the equipment , the more buttons it has .
However , everyone must have been highly trained , because the buttons are n't labelled .
Most computers , no matter how small , have reality - defying three - dimensional , real - time , photo - realistic animated graphics capability .
Laptops , for some strange reason , always seem to have amazing real - time video phone capabilities and the performance of a CRAY - MP .
Whenever a character looks at a VDU , the image is so bright that it projects itself onto his / her face .
Computers never crash during key , high - intensity activities .
Humans operating computers never make mistakes under stress .
Programs are fiendishly perfect and never have bugs that slow down users .
Any photograph can have minute details pulled out of it .
You can zoom into any picture as far as you want to .
Anonymous
If you enjoyed this , you might like :
Another Joke
A list of Jokes
MEDFORD / SOMERVILLE , Mass . --
New technology at Tufts University 's Center for Scientific Visualization is enabling researchers to translate the most abstract , complex scientific concepts into clearer , more precise 3 - dimensional images than conventional visualization systems can create .
Funded by a $ 350,000 grant from the National Science Foundation , Tufts ' new 14 - foot by 8 - foot visualization display offers a combination of advanced features found nowhere else in New England and in only a few other installations in the country .
Its application will further Tufts ' research and educational programs in diverse disciplines , from mathematics and physics to human factors engineering , and even drama and dance .
Brain 's Untapped Capacity for Visuals
" Users will be able to manipulate , simulate , touch and literally immerse themselves in data in a way they never have been able to before , " said Amelia Tynan , vice president and chief information officer and co-principal investigator on the grant .
Visualization is built on the age - old premise -- borne out by modern cognitive science -- that pictures say as much as , or even more than , words .
The human brain has a powerful , often underutilized capacity to process visuals , noted Robert Jacob , computer science professor and co-principal investigator on the project .
A large portion of the brain processes visuals , and visualization technology puts that ability to work .
" The brain absorbs a lot more information when it 's presented in pictures rather than in stacks of data from a computer , " Jacob said .
This , he says , enables researchers and students to recognize things more quickly and also develop insights about what 's going on with the data .
Unusual Combination of Technologies
While visualization is widely used in science , Tufts ' " VisWall " offers unusually robust capabilities by combining advanced features not typically found together .
Housed at Tufts ' School of Engineering but available to the entire university , the seamless wall features a high resolution display system that uses rear projection in order to enhance the amount of detail that is visible .
Most visualization systems use several projectors at once or multiple , tiled screens to display images .
Tufts ' uses just a single screen with close to 9 megapixels resolution ( 4,096 x 2,169 pixels ) and two projectors ( with overlapping fields of projection ) to create high - resolution images and animation .
By using a single screen and two projectors , Tufts is able to produce ultra-high resolution images -- including 3 - D images -- that appear smoother and without seams .
Images projected at a higher resolution reveal fine , minute details that would be imperceptible on a screen with fewer pixels or tiled images .
The VisWall 's projectors are equipped with Infitec filters to minimize ghosting , in which an image appears to include elements of another image .
Ghosting is a common drawback with conventional polarized filters .
In addition , the Tufts system can combine the sense of touch with that of sight through haptic devices that convey varying levels of resistance to the user when he or she touches graphical objects on the display wall .
This also allows
Tufts researchers to create virtual environments , such as the human body for surgical simulations that can be physically manipulated and transformed .
Order in Chaos
Tufts faculty have already discovered applications of the new technology .
Mathematics Professor Boris Hasselblatt made a surprising find while viewing a mathematical model of butterfly populations as they fluctuated through successive generations .
The model , used for research in dynamical systems theory , is based on a simple formula and is well - known to anyone familiar with chaos theory .
Visualizing the large population dataset with the 14 - foot - wide , high - resolution graphical display enabled Hasselblatt to detect anomalies impossible to perceive with conventional displays : subtle traces of curving lines that he said indicated irregularities in variations in the population .
The lines extended over different areas of the model and then converged at one distinct point .
Hasselblatt has looked at smaller images of this classic model many times during the last 20 years but had never recognized this convergence .
He has not yet determined the implications of this discovery , but he said the pattern reflects order in what mathematicians have always thought to be a progression of chaotic cycles .
" The pattern is so subtle that it 's imperceptible but in this rendition the resolution is fine enough that I can easily see it , " he said .
Bruce Boghosian , chairman of the mathematics department at Tufts and principal investigator on the NSF grant , said that the VisWall will benefit his study of fluid dynamics .
Visualization capabilities can help him and his fellow researchers better understand fluid flow .
" You can go right up to streamlines in a fluid or dig into a reservoir and see which way it 's flowing , " said Boghosian .
" That 's the direction we would like to move in .
You can imagine all kinds of other uses for something like that . "
Virtual Surgery
The VisWall will also aid Mechanical Engineering Assistant Professor Caroline Cao .
Her goal is to develop more robust laparoscopic surgical training systems in which 3 - D computer simulations enable surgeons in training to feel as well as see .
She and her team , including senior Kyle Maxwell , have already developed software that enables users to remove a " tumor " during a simulated procedure .
With the haptic device , these virtual surgeons receive force feedback when touching a hard surface , such as a tumor or bone , and a soft , deformable surface , such as tissue .
The reaction is determined by the parameters provided by the model , which is based on real material properties .
Cao , who is director of the human factors program in the School of Engineering , said she wants to develop more anatomical features in the models .
She also hopes to develop software that will simulate more complicated virtual procedures like heart surgery and colonoscopy .
The VisWall 's size , resolution and 3 - D capability will greatly help in her work .
" Imagine the difference between simulating a virtual environment on a computer screen and one on a visualization wall -- the difference is tremendous , " she said .
" That 's what large - scale visualization gives us , a capacity to create a richer immersion experience . "
From Particle Physics to the " Lord of the Rings "
Similar benefits could be gained by physicist Austin Napier .
His work in high energy physics relies on the ability to process huge streams of data from organizations like Switzerland 's CERN , the world 's largest particle physics laboratory .
Tufts '
VisWall will enable him to visualize on a single display what would otherwise require multiple computers .
Tynan said she expects the VisWall to become a resource for the broad range of academic disciplines at Tufts .
She envisions scientists and engineers collaborating with faculty from the arts or humanities .
Boghosian brings up the example of the character Gollum in the " Lord of the Rings . "
Actor Andy Serkis ' movements were tracked and translated to the digital rendering of the creature in the film .
Similar technology is now available through the VisWall , which goes beyond traditional 3 - D rendering to create a true virtual reality environment .
" Imagine taking the ability to do something like that and applying it to drama and dance , " Boghosian mused .
" Imagine taking the ability to do something like that and trying to use it for facial recognition or occupational therapy or many other fields .
We have n't really even begun to explore those kinds of things yet . "
###
Tufts University , located on three Massachusetts campuses in Boston , Medford / Somerville , and Grafton , and in Talloires , France , is recognized among the premier research universities in the United States .
Tufts enjoys a global reputation for academic excellence and for the preparation of students as leaders in a wide range of professions .
A growing number of innovative teaching and research initiatives span all Tufts campuses , and collaboration among the faculty and students in the undergraduate , graduate and professional programs across the university 's schools is widely encouraged .
Publication - quality images are available .
The 12th Congressional District of California seems to have a preference for representatives who have faced death and lived to tell about it .
From 1980 until early this year , the district was represented by Tom Lantos , who survived the Holocaust by escaping from forced - labor camps in Nazi occupied Hungary not once , but twice .
His death in February prompted a special election that briefly attracted an Internet icon but he ended up yielding to Jackie Speier , a former state senator who was endorsed by Mr. Lantos in his final weeks of life .
Now that Ms. Speier has won the seat overwhelmingly , national headlines are focusing on her extraordinary experience in 1978 , when she was among those ambushed at an airstrip in Guyana by a cult that became infamous for drinking the Kool - Aid .
A few years ago , The San Francisco Chronicle retold the striking story :
Lawmakers Call for Crackdown on Bodies Exhibits Bill would prohibit importation of " plastinated " human body parts into the U.S .
May 21 , 2008  --
Click here to read an update on this story .
Twenty - one members of Congress have sponsored a bill that would strike a major blow to the multi-million - dollar industry that puts human bodies on display because they say the bodies could be from executed Chinese prisoners .
Republican Rep. Todd Akin of Missouri introduced the bill that would prohibit the importation of any " plastinated " human body part into this country .
Atlanta - based Premier Exhibitions uses " unclaimed " Chinese bodies infused with silicone through a process called " plastination " for display across the nation in an exhibit called , " Bodies … The Exhibition . "
" This is a human rights issue about affording human dignities to people around the world , " said Rep .
Akin , adding that he is concerned that the Chinese people in the exhibit did not give permission for their bodies to be on display .
" We cannot verify the source of each body coming from China , so we decided the best approach was to say that in our country , you cannot import plastinated bodies , " he said .
Rep . Mike Turner , R - Ohio , is one of 21 co-sponsors of the bill .
" I am not confident that the people whose bodies are in this exhibit consented , " he said .
" China 's record on human rights should give us pause in any issue involving human remains imported from that country . "
Premier Exhibitions says that the " unclaimed " bodies on display were legally obtained from Dalian Medical University .
ABC News ' " 20/20 " reported earlier this year that the bodies did not come from the university but instead from a private , for - profit lab about 30 miles away .
" 20/20 " interviewed someone who said he was a former participant in the black market , in which , he said , bodies were sold to that lab for $ 200 to $ 300 each .
Dalian Medical University told ABC
News that it severed its ties to the plastination lab several years ago .
Premier 's former CEO Arnie Geller , who is still on the company 's Board of Directors disputed the allegations on " 20/20 . "
He said that his suppliers assured him that " these are all legitimate , unclaimed bodies that have gone through Dalian Medical University . "
He also said he was appalled at the allegations that some of the bodies from his Chinese suppliers might be those of executed prisoners .
" If these can actually be attributed to even the people that we 're doing business with , we would have to do something about that immediately , " Geller said .
Premier general counsel Brian Wainger said the company has another exhibit called " Bodies Revealed " that they say exhibits only donated bodies from China .
He said the company still uses plastinated " unclaimed " bodies for exhibitions and is working with the same suppliers .
Human rights activists and protesters of the exhibit say that " unclaimed " in China could mean anything .
" In the U.S. we have very specific laws as to what constitutes ' unclaimed . '
Premier 's use of ' unclaimed ' is ' unknown , ' " said Sarah Redpath , who runs a Web site protesting the exhibit out of her home in North Carolina .
Redpath also argues that there should be more government regulation over the importation of plastinated bodies .
" We need our elected officials , not profiting entertainment companies , to regulate this industry , " she said .
U.S. Customs has said that since the plastination process changes the nature of the human remains , plastinated body parts can be imported as plastic objects , not as human bodies .
Akin is outraged .
" That is the same rhetoric that oppressive governments around the world have used to dehumanize people .
This is a human body .
Just because you infuse plastic into it does not change that , " he said .
Akin 's bill would not affect current shows because the remains are already here .
It does not single out any particular bodies exhibit or company that performs plastination .
Under the bill , only bodies donated and plastinated domestically would be legal to display .
Penalty for importation of plastinated bodies would be a fine of up to $ 10,000 per violation .
Other companies that would be affected include Corcoran Laboratories , a Michigan - based company that imports plastinated body parts from China and advertises them on their Web site to the public .
They also sell the plastinated parts to medical schools for teaching purposes .
Gunther von Hagens who invented the plastination process puts on another show featuring plastinated bodies called " Body Worlds . "
He , too , would be affected as his plastination factory is located on the German - Polish border .
Von Hagens says all his bodies are donated and that he no longer works with corpses obtained from China .
The bill has been referred to the House Ways and Means Committee .
No hearings have yet been scheduled .
California and Pennsylvania state representatives have introduced bills requiring the exhibitions to provide documentation proving that each body on display comes from a person who legally consented .
The Pennsylvania bill has been assigned to the House Judiciary Committee while the California bill is on the State Senate floor .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
According to Ms Hammerling these animals were slaughtered .
She said the systematic " overproduction of animals " at zoos , designed to attract more visitors , was to blame .
Ms Hammerling said she also knew of several tigers and leopards from Berlin that ended up in a tiger breeding farm in China that promoted itself as a purveyor of traditional potency - boosting medicines made from big cats .
She alleges the animals ' remains were turned into drugs .
Mr Blaszkiewitz , who became something of a personality after the polar bear Knut was born at his zoo in December 2006 , strongly denies the charges .
The bear 's popularity bumped up visitor numbers and profitability .
Responsible for 23,000 animals and credited with turning the Berlin zoo into the city 's most popular attraction , Mr Blaszkiewitz believes his detractors are spreading " untruths , half - truths and lies " .
" The stories of slaughter have been invented .
We only work with respectable zoo dealers , " he said .
He added that while animals were sent to China in the 1990s , their transfer was approved by the federal office for nature protection .
Rearing animals was central to his work and visitors should have the chance to observe the rearing process , he said .
He denied claims that money making was the motivating factor .
However , at Nuremberg zoo , the deputy director , Helmut Magdefrau , has been reported as saying : " If we cannot find good homes for the animals , we kill them and use them as feed . "
At Nuremberg recently an antelope was fed to caged lions as visitors watched in outrage .
A spokeswoman for Ms Hammerling said the MP was prepared to press charges over the Berlin zoo .
Prosecutors will soon announce whether the case goes to court .
The zoo has been unable to shake off the charge that it has been encouraging animal births to boost visitors keen on " cute offspring " .
The phenomenon has been labelled " Knut - mania " , after the cub became one of the biggest moneyspinning animals in history , thanks largely to marketing offshoots .
Knut products now range from cuddly toys to credit cards .
The Nuremberg zoo now has its own celebrity polar bear cub , Flocke , which ventured outdoors for the first time on Thursday .
■ The Australian black swan Petra , which made headlines by falling in love with a swan - shaped pedal boat , had been building a nest at Muenster zoo with a white swan called Bruce .
But zoo officials say Bruce has now left Petra - so they are planning to reunite her with the pedal boat .
Guardian News & Media , Australian Associated Press , Associated Press
Along with its poll on the Oregon Senate race , Survey USA has also now released its finding in the Democratic presidential contest in Oregon .
Not surprisingly , Barack Obama leads Hillary Clinton , 52 percent to 42 percent .
I say not surprisingly , because other polls showing test matchups against Republican John McCain also had put Obama ahead of Clinton in Oregon .
Plus , it fits with what both campaigns have been telling me about the status of the race here , and they have the most extensive polling of all .
Also not surprisingly , there is a big gender split , with Clinton doing better among women and Obama doing better among men .
And younger voters are more likely to side with Obama .
Voters who say they are primarily concerned about the economy are almost equally split between the two .
But those who say their top concern is the war in Iraq lean heavily toward Obama .
Overall , the race is close enough so there is an incentive for both sides to campaign hard here - and that 's exactly what seems to be happening .
Hillary Clinton has been burning up the airwaves with a series of dubious claims lately in an effort to advance her cause to win the Democratic nomination .
First there was her misspeaking about coming under sniper fire in Bosnia , her sad tale of a woman without health insurance , and a strange claim about opposing the War in Iraq before her Democratic rival Barack Obama .
Hillary is such a sympathetic figure that I thought it was my duty to save her the trouble of coming up with these and develop a system for her to generate them at the push of a button .
I bring you , Hillary Clinton 's Tall Tale Generator .
Refresh the page for another tall tale .
– Zack " Geist Editor " Parsons ( @sexyfacts4u )
Good news for phans of phun : the Phun physics simulation software is now available for Windows , Linux and Mac OS X !
Here 's a video demonstration ( with music , so watch out ) of what Phun is all about :
How to have Phun :
Download and install the software Check out some of the pre-made demos ( File ... Load scene ) .
Make your own .
" Clear scene " then use the Plane Tool to make the ground .
Press the green " Play " button to make the scene active .
Switch to the brush tool and make a triangle .
Make sure to close the loop or it wo n't appear .
Make a big board , like a see - saw on top of the board .
Use the brush tool to put " rocks " on either side of the board .
Use your scroll wheel to pan in and out .
Drop a big rock on one side of your see - saw and watch all the little rocks fly around .
Left - click on the sky to pan the world around , and left - click on an object to ' do ' stuff to it -- change the big rock into water , for instance .
If you screw up any of this , control - Z is Undo .
Use it early and use it often .
This is the kind of thing I wish existed when I was teaching high school .
If you have kids , or if you know kids , or if ( like me ) you are just immature and like to knock things over , you should check this out .
~ Jeff
TEL AVIV , ISRAEL — Physicians for decades have grappled with ways to block further tissue damage in patients who suffer heart attacks .
They have tried everything from drugs to cell therapy — all with little luck .
But promising new research indicates that a biogel made from seaweed may have the healing powers that have thus far eluded them .
The first clinical trial in humans recently began of an alginate - based biomaterial that , when injected into animals , helped their hearts repair themselves .
The therapy is set to be tested over the next year in 30 patients in Germany , Belgium and Israel who have suffered severe heart attacks ; if successful , the trial will be expanded to include a few hundred U.S. heart patients , and the experimental biogel could be on the market by 2011 .
" This could revolutionize the treatment of patients recovering from a massive heart attack , " says Jonathan Leor , director of the Neufeld Cardiac Research Institute at Tel Aviv University 's Sheba Medical Center , who helped develop the potentially heart - saving therapy .
A heart attack , or myocardial infarction , occurs when blood flow to the heart is cut off , killing part of the muscle due to lack of oxygen .
The severity of the damage depends on the amount of time that elapses before blood flow is restored .
Once damaged , heart tissue never regenerates ; if a patient survives , necrotic ( dead ) tissue is replaced by scar tissue .
The scar wall is thinner than that of surrounding healthy tissue .
Damage to the region worsens and spreads when inflammatory cells ( that rush to the scene as part of the body 's immune response ) secrete enzymes that erode the exposed extracellular matrix , the natural scaffolding that supports heart cells .
As the scar gets larger , the wall gets thinner .
To compensate , the remaining healthy muscle works harder to pump blood , swelling as it does so .
For about 10 to 20 percent of heart attack survivors , this overexertion may lead to arrhythmia ( irregular heartbeat ) , future heart attacks , heart failure and even death , according to Leor .
Leor has spent the past fifteen years researching potential ways to prevent this deterioration .
He initially tested therapies incorporating stem cells , which he thought might spawn new heart cells or prompt hobbled hearts to regenerate their own .
The results were disappointing : most of the stem cells died , and those that survived failed to spur new tissue growth .
He says he then discovered that the damage was related to the extracellular matrix .
That is , the progressive thinning of the scaffolding put a strain on the healthy areas of the heart .
Rebuilding this support would not only give a boost to remaining muscle mass , he reasoned , but would also provide more real estate on which cells could live and replicate .
" I thought maybe we could prevent that [ deterioration ] " by using a biomaterial as a substitute for the lost natural tissue , Leor says .
At the same time , Smadar Cohen , head of the Department of Biotechnology Engineering at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Israel , was exploring the potential of a biomaterial to fix damaged hearts after having successfully used it to repair liver tissue .
Cohen wanted to design an implant on which cells replicated by surrounding healthy tissue could set up shop ; she believed that once there , the cells would excrete extracellular material that would thicken scar tissue as well as prevent its expansion .
She initially considered using polymers ( large molecules comprising repeating units ) made of natural human proteins such as collagen or synthetic ones made from degradable polyester .
But neither material was up to the task , which prompted her to consider alginate , a seaweed - derived polymer , which has a similar molecular structure to natural extracellular material and has been used by the food , drug and medical - device industries .
Cohen froze the alginate solution to form water crystals , which she then flash - dried .
The result was a porous substance on which cells could grow and link to one another .
Cohen formed the material into a Band - Aid–like patch , which she applied directly to the hearts of rats ( and later pigs ) after inducing heart attacks .
Blood vessels grew into the patch , and heart cells from neighboring areas settled and reproduced on it , secreting their own extracellular material that beefed up the scar tissue .
After six weeks , the alginate disintegrated and the remains were excreted in urine — leaving behind tissue in the rats and pigs that was significantly healthier than that in those that did not receive the implants .
The problem was that the patch could only be inserted via risky open - heart surgery , limiting the likelihood of volunteers for human trials , Leor says .
In an effort to lower the risk , Cohen stitched the alginate polymers into an injectable solution that would turn into a sticky gel when it came into contact with calcium ions ( the electrically charged form of calcium atoms that circulate in the bloodstream ) that congregate at the site of heart muscle damage .
The gel proved so promising in rats that in 2005 , BioLineRx , Ltd. , an Israeli start - up created to bring promising early - stage therapies to clinical trials , selected Cohen 's process from among hundreds of potential treatments .
It continued to test the biogel , which it dubbed BL - 1040 , in pigs ( which are anatomically similar to humans ) — with the same success as Cohen had with the patch .
Leor says that no negative side effects were observed .
But he notes the results may have been skewed , because the animals were young and healthy ( until researchers induced their heart woes ) , whereas most heart attack victims are elderly and have other diseases and complications .
" The challenge , '' he says , " is to show that our approach will be effective in real patients . "
Timothy Gardner , president - elect of the American Heart Association and medical director of the Center for Heart & Vascular Health at Delaware 's Christiana Care Health System , is cautiously optimistic .
" This addresses a real problem , and if [ the human trials ] are successful , " he says , " it will be an important additional therapeutic option . "
In an “ industry guidance ” document it issued in 2001 , the commission said that in deciding whether to punish a broadcaster with fines or license revocations , it would consider “ whether the material dwells on or repeats at length descriptions of sexual or excretory organs or activities . ”
That document said that “ the full context in which the material appeared is critically important . ”
The approach changed soon after that , when the NBC broadcast of the 2003 Golden Globe Awards drew complaints for the expletive that the singer Bono used as an adjective to express his delight at receiving an award for best original song .
The commission overruled its own Enforcement Bureau , which had denied the complaints on the basis of the existing policy , and found that the fleeting expletive fell within the definition of indecency , because it “ invariably invokes a coarse sexual image ” that made its broadcast “ shocking and gratuitous . ”
The commission did not impose a penalty against NBC , because the network “ did not have the requisite notice ” of the new approach , the commission said in its “ Golden Globe Awards Order ” in 2003 .
Complaints about two other broadcasts , of the Billboard Music Awards on the Fox network , eventually led to the case the justices accepted Monday .
The entertainers Cher , in receiving an award , and Nicole Richie , in presenting one , both used common expletives that generated complaints .
Once again , the commission did not impose a sanction , but it made the new policy official and put broadcasters on notice there would be future penalties .
A coalition of broadcasters challenged the new policy in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit , in New York , raising constitutional and statutory objections .
In a 2 - to - 1 ruling last June , the appeals court did not address the First Amendment challenge directly .
Rather , it held that the commission had violated ordinary principles of administrative law by making “ a dramatic change in agency policy without adequate explanation . ”
The appeals court vacated the commission ’s order , instructing the F.C.C. to “ articulate a reasoned basis for this change in policy . ”
Composition © Geoff Lawrence
Placing the elements of your picture within the frame and deciding what to leave out .
In our modern world of automatic cameras , which focus for us and adjust the exposure in an ever more perfect way ( most of the time ) , the biggest difference between a good photograph and a mediocre one is the compositon .
In every photograph we take , we can decide where the boundaries of that photo will be , called the cropping .
We can also choose the viewpoint .
If we are taking pictures of people or movable objects then , often , we also have the opportunity to arrange them into the shapes we want .
If you are shooting landscapes or other immovable objects then you must compose the picture by moving yourself and deciding where to place the point (s ) of interest in your picture .
There are various compositional rules ( I prefer to think of them as guidelines ) to help you .
These rules will help you to compose pleasing pictures , however , you will often find that a really striking picture will show a blatant disregard for the rules .
Once you are aware of the rules then break them as often as you want but , at least , know you are breaking them and why .
Rule of Thirds Landscape photographers are particularly fond of this one , but it works well for many types of subjects .
The rule of thirds simply says that , instead of placing the main focus of interest in the centre of the frame , which gets a little boring , that you look to position it on an intersection of the thirds .
That is to say one third up and one third in or two thirds up and one third in etc .
Here 's a ' thirdsy ' sort of picture , hold your mouse over the picture to see the grid .
Placing the boat near the top of the picture tells the viewer that what they are supposed to be looking at is the reflection .
We could take the boat out altogether , of course , this would focus our attention even more on the reflection but the picture might then be a little too minimalist .
Also the mast is almost exactly on the ' third ' line .
There is a little space to the right of the bow of the boat which helps to give the impression that , although the boat is not moving , it has somewhere to go .
Although a nice illustration of composing ' on the thirds ' this picture falls foul of another ' rule ' in that it has very light corners , escpecially at the top right and , coupled with the yellow stripe , the effect is to lead the viewer 's eye out of the picture .
We 'll talk about this more later .
Using Diagonals
Setting your subject matter on a diagonal will almost always make for a more dynamic picture .
Even if this is an invisible diagonal that draws your eye between two points .
Move around the subject ( not too close in the case of my crocodiles ) and look for a diagonal .
Cropping
What to leave out , what to put in and where to put it .
Tip -
One of the easiest ways to improve your photography is with careful attention to framing .
Look into the corners of the viewfinder to see what is there .
Do you need all that background ?
Can you get closer to your subject or zoom in ?
Would the picture look better as an upright or landscape ?
The most common mistake people make when taking pictures is not filling the frame with the subject .
If it 's a photo of granny waving from the doorstep , let 's just see granny and the door , not half the houses in the street with a small granny shaped blob in the middle .
I think the culprit for this phenomenon is the focusing aid in the centre of the viewfinder .
Most cameras have some sort of circle or rectagle etched onto the glass and we are inclined to think , in our less thoughtful moments , that this is the whole picture area .
Take a moment to glance around the viewfinder to see what you have got at the edges and especially in the corners .
Watch out for clutter in the background , that lampost growing out of granny 's head .
Make sure that everything in the viewfinder is there because you want it to be .
Landscape or Portrait ?
A lot of people never , ever turn their camera on it 's side and shoot an upright picture .
Yes , it can be a little awkward to hold until you get used to it but , what a difference it can make to the picture .
If you are taking a picture of one person then it is essential to shoot upright , you waste so much of the picture area at the sides if you do n't .
Close cropping for maximum effect
The picture on the left is a typical snapshot , two miles of coastline with a pink blob in the middle .
Turning the camera on its side and moving in a little closer , as in the picture on the right , gives us a much better picture of the girl and we can still see enough background to get the message that we are on the beach .
For the sake of good layout on the page , I have made these two pictures the same height .
In fact they are the same size , if you can imagine them in their original dimensions the girl is ten times bigger in the photo on the right .
Even when you are shooting landscapes , you will find that , sometimes , the picture will look more dynamic with an upright frame .
Always think , with every picture you take , should this be an upright or a horizontal view ?
Usually the answer is obvious and dictated by the shape of the composition but sometimes , for instance when the composition is square , the best choice is not obvious .
In this case take two pictures , one of each .
Can't I leave the cropping ' til later ?
If you are printing your own pictures then you get a second chance to get the cropping right but , do n't rely on this to make up for sloppy camera technique .
If you crop your pictures afterwards in the computer or in the darkroom , you are throwing away quality .
You are wasting some of those precious pixels that you paid so much for .
What 's the point in having a camera with five million pixels if you are only going to use three million of them ?
Cropping Example
Here are three photos of a rusty old boat winch on Brighton beach .
Having decided to photograph it , I have to decide what I want to say .
Basically I want to say ' here 's an intersting old bit of metal and it's rusty ' .
In the top photo I have filled the frame with winch edge to edge but does it really show the decay ?
We cannot reallysee the rust in sufficient detail .
In the second photo we can see much more decay and really see the texture , which I think is the thing which attracted me to the object in the first place .
When we look with our eyes we tend to see details like this and our brain filters out what is on the edge of our vision .
When composing we must be aware of the edges so we can tidy them up .
Too close ?
Well that 's up to you though it does have a certain impact .
There are no hard and fast rules , only suggestions .
A walk around the subject to look at it from different angles will always pay dividends .
Use the zoom to compose the tightest possible crop that still shows everything you want .
If you do n't have a zoom lens then just get a little closer .
Viewpoint Selecting your viewpoint , the position from which you photograph the subject , is a very important part of composition and one that some people pay very little attention to .
When taking a photo of a group of friends , how often do you move around the group looking for the best angle ?
The first , most obvious difference between one viewpoint and another is the background .
If you are photgraphing a subject that cannot easily be moved , the only way to change what is in the background is to choose a different viewpoint .
The subject itself can look quite different viewed from different angles .
Photos can be made to take on a whole new dynamic by selecting an extreme angle of view .
I shoot a lot of pictures , especially sports shots , laying down , getting the camera as close to the ground as possible .
Also the perspective can change quite drastically , especially with wider angled lenses .
If you photograph a person full length with a wide angle lens from a standing position , their head will be too big in proportion to the rest of their body .
If , on the other hand , you kneel down and shoot the same picture from waist height , you will see that the whole picture is better proportioned .
When shooting outdoors , the viewpoint you choose also affects how the light from the sun falls on your subject .
This is a whole new can of worms which is fully discussed under lighting .
Here are a couple of examples exploring the effects of high and low angle viewpoints .
Two full length shots from fairly extreme angles .
A moderately wide angle lens gives a certain amount of perspective distortion , the first shot in particular makes her feet look very big in proportion to her head .
This distortion enhances the effect of the flared jeans and the big shoes , whereas in the second shot the distortion of the shooting angle is working against the effect of the big shoes and flares balancing the picture .
If we use a wider angled lens and shot from even closer , the distorted effect would be even more pronounced .
In both cases you can see that the choice of angle has given us a nice plain background as a bonus .
These two shots were taken from more or less the same position as the first shot but , as we zoom in , the effect of the low angle is lessened .
Less distortion but a pleasing angle giving us a slightly ' larger than life ' feel to the picture .
When shooting against a bright sky like this you need to pay careful attention to the exposure , the automatic metering system will render the face too dark so you need to compensate for this .
Take a few shots with the exposure compensation at different settings or , better still , meter manually taking a reading from close in to the face .
The shot on the right metered correctly because the face fills the frame more and is lit by the sun .
These two shots were taken from the same postition as the top right and show the same lessening of distortion as we zoom in .
What I did n't bargain for until I saw these two pictures side by side was that the apparent height of the camera changes with the angle of the head .
I think you 'll agree that the picture on the left appears to have been taken from a greater height than the one on the right .
Weird !
Leave the comments ,
or discuss this article in our forum .
Published with the permission of the author .
Original article can be found here : http://www.geofflawrence.com/composition.htm
By SIR ROY STRONG
Last updated at 21:06 14 March 2008
There 's nothing new about diets .
In a unique experiment a historian put three of them - from very different eras - to the test .
So which one worked the best ?
Hands up those of you who have never attempted to lose weight ?
Practically no one , I guess , in this era of universal flab - panic .
I took myself in hand at the close of the Seventies , when I was director of the V&A museum and growing so large my trousers were starting to pinch .
Scroll down for more ...
One of the diet guinea pigs is measured up as part of the experiment
Within a few months I had shed a stone by eating less , taking up jogging and joining the gym .
Indeed , the weight loss was so marked that my trousers began to drop off me , and I had to have them taken in by a friendly tailor I knew in the costume department at the Royal Opera House .
Ever since then I 've kept a close watch on what I eat , with the result that , although I 'm in my 73rd year , a doctor has just told me my metabolic age is only 57 - a full 16 years younger than my age .
I discovered that only when I began making a TV series on the history of dieting .
It is part social history , part reality show , with nine flab - laden members of the public volunteering to enter a fictional " Institute of Physical Culture " where , for 24 days , they are subjected to three of the most extreme diets from history .
My role was to act as the head of the institute , dressed in a frock coat and top hat to preside over the whole process like some Victorian version of Gillian McKeith .
Together with the other " staff " - who were all experts in different aspects of health and wellbeing - I had to enforce the correct food intake and the appropriate exercise programmes from three eras : Victorian , Edwardian and the roaring Twenties .
To do this , we were all incarcerated in a country house in the middle of nowhere from which there was no easy means of escape .
Obesity crisis : Tricia Ford and David Jordan tried the Victorian diet
And looking at the brutal regime our volunteers were subjected to , it 's a miracle the rest of them were n't chewing the carpet by the time we let them out .
Although the resulting programmes are hilarious , they are also intriguing and informative - teaching us a great deal about our modern - day attitudes to food .
Until I embarked on these programmes I had no idea that our obsession with dieting went back further than the Fifties , when I recall my mother getting slimming pills from the doctor which only seemed to make her grow fatter .
In fact , dieting goes back to the Victorian age when the new middle classes , waited on by servants , had blown up in size as a consequence of consuming the contents of Mrs Beeton 's celebrated cookbook .
So could our modern - day volunteers learn something from the methods used by our ancestors to shift those extra pounds , just as modern - day celebrity chefs still turn to Mrs Beeton for inspiration in the kitchen ?
The three dietary regimes I subjected our guinea pigs to all had one thing in common : they demanded extreme commitment and discipline , which was anathema to most of the tubby participants .
For me , that was the most fascinating part of the whole exercise .
For the truth is that we would not need diets at all if people relearned simple discipline .
We 've had two generations where there has been little discipline , in the home or the school .
And if you want to lose weight , it 's fundamental .
Before they entered the " institute " , our nine participants had to pledge they would adhere to their strict regimes and observe set meal times , without fail .
Drawn from all ages and walks of life , they included a special needs teacher , Madame Tussaud 's guide and gas meter reader .
Yet as soon as they embarked on our rigorous regimes , it became clear that the idea of formal mealtimes was new to them .
They all belonged to the " me " generation : " I have what I want , when I want . "
In their normal lives , most of them simply grazed on snacks , or sat munching something from the take - away as they gawped at the TV .
When questioned about what they would normally eat for breakfast , they gave me replies such as " a glass of water and two fags " .
The idea of sitting at a table and talking to other human beings came as a total culture shock to them .
That did n't surprise me , ever since I learned from a nursery school teacher that most children arrive in her care never having sat at a table or held a knife and fork .
In fact , some of our participants had to be taught precisely that .
This lack of discipline , combined with the availability of cheap ready - to - eat food , means that most of us eat far more than our ancestors , while exercising less .
They walked , we drive .
They did hard manual work ; we mostly sit on a chair in an office .
Our sedentary lifestyle extends into the home , where machines do virtually all the tasks that once had to be done by hand .
Similarly , our houses are heated while in the past they were cold .
All these changes mean that we burn far fewer calories than the average Victorian .
It 's no wonder we have an obesity crisis .
But what also struck me was the selfishness of the reasons given by our participants for wanting to lose weight and be fitter .
The answers were without exception self - centred , ranging from " I want to be able to wear skinny jeans " , to " I want to look good nude for my wife " .
In the past , slimming and fitness was viewed as part of good citizenship so that you would be ready for action in time of war , serve the state in peace and , as a woman , bear healthy children .
It was an era which produced the Boy Scouts , Boys ' Brigade , New Health Society and Women 's League Of Health And Beauty .
Today , such notions of civic duty have vanished , as not one of our participants said they wanted to be lean and fit so as not to be a burden to their families or avert adding to the cost of the NHS .
What we have is an obesity crisis , but minus the moral framework of our ancestors , who decried fatness as being the result of gluttony and loose living .
It 's no use blaming the problem on the food manufacturers or retailers who are going to have to label their food with colour - coded calorie warnings .
As I said , it all comes back to one thing : self - discipline , the ability to control yourself , eat less and , when offered more , utter the words : " No thank you " .
•
• The Diets That Time Forgot begins on Channel 4 on Tuesday at 9 pm .
In1863 an undertaker called William Banting , who had made the Duke of Wellington 's coffin , published what was in effect the first book for slimmers .
It was called A Letter On Corpulence and became a bestseller .
Indeed right into the 1920s , if you were on a diet you would say that you were " banting " .
At 65 , Banting had found himself weighing 14st6 l b ( sylph - like compared with many of today 's men ) .
At that weight , he could only climb upstairs backwards and could n't reach down to tie his shoelaces .
More seriously , the explosion of fat was putting pressure on his hearing and he had started to go deaf .
Over the years , he tried various methods to shift the pounds : rowing , riding , purgatives and Turkish baths .
None succeeded .
So in desperation , he visited an ear specialist - a man who was in contact with his peers in Paris , at that time the centre of advanced medicine .
The specialist prescribed a straightforward diet free from starchy and sugary foods , based on lean meat , boiled eggs and green vegetables .
The result was extraordinary : Banting lost 21 / 2st in ten months - inspiring him to write his account of how he had done it .
His formula meant eating huge quantities of lamb , beef , poultry and game , even for breakfast .
Alcohol was allowed but the essence of the diet was careful portion control .
By the time of Banting 's death in 1878 , his book had sold 58,000 copies - in Victorian terms a blockbuster .
But it was another man , Dr Robert Atkins , whose own version of the same dieting concept would become a global phenomenon more than a century later , forming the basis of a diet empire that was at one time worth more than £ 50 million .
Perhaps the most revolting diet in history , this regime from Edwardian times required participants to chew everything precisely 32 times , before tilting the head backwards to allow the masticated food to slide down .
This idea was first put forward by an American , Horace Fletcher - a marksman , athlete and painter , who had become so fat he was refused life insurance in 1895 .
By then he weighed more than 141/2st , but after just four months of using the chewchew method , he had shed more than 40lb .
Fletcher believed food must be chewed to be absorbed into the body 's system healthily .
Hasty eating , he believed , resulted in undigested food clogging up the system , which led to constipation and the colon becoming a dangerous cesspool of bacteria .
This was an era obsessed by the evils of constipation .
Fletcher 's great friend was John Harvey Kellogg , who in 1906 launched the staple of most people 's breakfasts even today - cornflakes .
This daily intake of roughage was intended to oil the system and Kellogg 's bran was designed to scour the intestines .
Kellogg also ran a sanatorium where people went to lose weight , through cold rain douches , sweating packs and plunge baths , along with rigorous exercise .
Interestingly , on Fletcher 's diet you can eat anything - and as much of it as you like - but chewing takes so long , the desire to eat diminishes and you eat less .
Revolting , it may be .
But it 's certainly effective .
In 1919 an overweight Californian lady called Dr Lulu Hunt Peters published Diet And Health , With Key To The Calories .
This was so successful in the Twenties ran into 16 editions and was still in print in the 1940s .
Initially , Dr Peters advocated a calorie limit of just 1,200 a day but by 1928 she had revised her advice to just 600 to 750 per day ( modern guidelines recommend 1,940 calories for a woman , and 2,550 for men as part of a normal diet ) .
The key to her book 's success was that she had compiled a list of the calorie content of particular foods .
Almost 90 years on , this is still the standard means of achieving and maintaining weight loss .
Of our three historical diets , this was undoubtedly the most gruelling .
It is an essay in total denial .
No alcohol is allowed at all and breakfast can consist of two apples and tea only .
After a week or so , the mere sight of yet another heap of celery sticks produced
paroxysms in our volunteers .
I pass over the screams which went up at the sight of yet another pile of lettuce and grated carrot .
It may be brutally effective but , in reality , calorie dieting to the extreme degree that Dr Peters suggested is basically just a form of starvation , leading not only to violent hunger pangs but emotional mood swings .
Deprivation on this scale probably explains why , by the 1930s , people were looking for other means of losing weight by taking various forms of amphetamines designed to curb the appetite .
For the first time , cosmetic surgery also began to emerge as another possibility for weight loss , paving the way for today 's billion - pound industry .
And the winner is ...
The Victorian Undertaker 's diet produced a decent amount of weight loss , but who'd want to weigh their food every mealtime or eat lamb chops at breakfast ?
More manageable , and more effective in the long term , was the Roaring Twenties calorie - counting programme .
One participant lost 2st and with it his double chin , but you can't do it without a calorie count book and calculator .
No , I 'm sorry to say it was the dreaded chew - chew diet that won the day , producing the highest weight loss .
You could eat what you fancied but every meal became a chewing nightmare - like watching cows with the cud .
Ultimately , whichever of the three you choose - if any - I 'm sorry to tell you that curtailing food intake has to be a life sentence to be any good .
You have been warned .
Applications Ship - sinking monster waves revealed by ESA satellites
21/07/2004 85723 views 150 likes
Once dismissed as a nautical myth , freakish ocean waves that rise as tall as ten - storey apartment blocks have been accepted as a leading cause of large ship sinkings .
Results from ESA 's ERS satellites helped establish the widespread existence of these ' rogue ' waves and are now being used to study their origins .
Severe weather has sunk more than 200 supertankers and container ships exceeding 200 metres in length during the last two decades .
Rogue waves are believed to be the major cause in many such cases .
Mariners who survived similar encounters have had remarkable stories to tell .
In February 1995 the cruiser liner Queen Elizabeth II met a 29 - metre high rogue wave during a hurricane in the North Atlantic that Captain Ronald Warwick described as " a great wall of water … it looked as if we were going into the White Cliffs of Dover . "
And within the week between February and March 2001 two hardened tourist cruisers – the Bremen and the Caledonian Star – had their bridge windows smashed by 30 - metre rogue waves in the South Atlantic , the former ship left drifting without navigation or propulsion for a period of two hours .
Damage done by a rogue wave " The incidents occurred less than a thousand kilometres apart from each other , " said Wolfgang Rosenthal - Senior Scientist with the GKSS Forschungszentrum GmbH research centre , located in Geesthacht in Germany - who has studied rogue waves for years .
" All the electronics were switched off on the Bremen as they drifted parallel to the waves , and until they were turned on again the crew were thinking it could have been their last day alive .
" The same phenomenon could have sunk many less lucky vessels : two large ships sink every week on average , but the cause is never studied to the same detail as an air crash .
It simply gets put down to ' bad weather ' . "
Offshore platforms have also been struck : on 1 January 1995 the Draupner oil rig in the North Sea was hit by a wave whose height was measured by an onboard laser device at 26 metres , with the highest waves around it reaching 12 metres .
Giant wave in Bay of Biscay Objective radar evidence from this and other platforms – radar data from the North Sea 's Goma oilfield recorded 466 rogue wave encounters in 12 years - helped convert previously sceptical scientists , whose statistics showed such large deviations from the surrounding sea state should occur only once every 10000 years .
The fact that rogue waves actually take place relatively frequently had major safety and economic implications , since current ships and offshore platforms are built to withstand maximum wave heights of only 15 metres .
In December 2000 the European Union initiated a scientific project called MaxWave to confirm the widespread occurrence of rogue waves , model how they occur and consider their implications for ship and offshore structure design criteria .
And as part of MaxWave , data from ESA 's ERS radar satellites were first used to carry out a global rogue wave census .
ERS satellite " Without aerial coverage from radar sensors we had no chance of finding anything , " added Rosenthal , who headed the three - year MaxWave project .
" All we had to go on was radar data collected from oil platforms .
So we were interested in using ERS from the start . "
ESA 's twin spacecraft ERS - 1 and 2 – launched in July 1991 and April 1995 respectively – both have a Synthetic Aperture Radar ( SAR ) as their main instrument .
The SAR works in several different modes ; while over the ocean it works in wave mode , acquiring 10 by 5 km ' imagettes ' of the sea surface every 200 km .
Example of an imagette from ERS - 2
These small imagettes are then mathematically transformed into averaged - out breakdowns of wave energy and direction , called ocean - wave spectra .
ESA makes these spectra publicly available ; they are useful for weather centres to improve the accuracy of their sea forecast models .
" The raw imagettes are not made available , but with their resolution of ten metres we believed they contained a wealth of useful information by themselves , " said Rosenthal .
" Ocean wave spectra provide mean sea state data but imagettes depict the individual wave heights including the extremes we were interested in .
" ESA provided us with three weeks ' worth of data – around 30,000 separate imagettes – selected around the time that the Bremen and Caledonian Star were struck .
The images were processed and automatically searched for extreme waves at the German Aerospace Centre ( DLR ) . "
Giant wave detected in ERS - 2 imagette data Despite the relatively brief length of time the data covered , the MaxWave team identified more than ten individual giant waves around the globe above 25 metres in height .
" Having proved they existed , in higher numbers than anyone expected , the next step is to analyse if they can be forecasted , " Rosenthal added .
" MaxWave formally concluded at the end of last year although two lines of work are carrying on from it – one is to improve ship design by learning how ships are sunk , and the other is to examine more satellite data with a view to analysing if forecasting is possible . "
A new research project called WaveAtlas will use two years worth of ERS imagettes to create a worldwide atlas of rogue wave events and carry out statistical analyses .
The Principal Investigator is Susanne Lehner , Associate Professor in the Division of Applied Marine Physics at the University of Miami , who also worked on MaxWave while at DLR , with Rosental a co-investigator on the project .
" Looking through the imagettes ends up feeling like flying , because you can follow the sea state along the track of the satellite , " Lehner said .
" Other features like ice floes , oil slicks and ships are also visible on them , and so there 's interest in using them for additional fields of study .
" Only radar satellites can provide the truly global data sampling needed for statistical analysis of the oceans , because they can see through clouds and darkness , unlike their optical counterparts .
In stormy weather , radar images are thus the only relevant information available . "
So far some patterns have already been found .
Rogue waves are often associated with sites where ordinary waves encounter ocean currents and eddies .
The strength of the current concentrates the wave energy , forming larger waves – Lehner compares it to an optical lens , concentrating energy in a small area .
Giant wave in a wave tank
This is especially true in the case of the notoriously dangerous Agulhas current off the east coast of South Africa , but rogue wave associations are also found with other currents such as the Gulf Stream in the North Atlantic , interacting with waves coming down from the Labrador Sea .
However the data show rogue waves also occur well away from currents , often occurring in the vicinity of weather fronts and lows .
Sustained winds from long - lived storms exceeding 12 hours may enlarge waves moving at an optimum speed in sync with the wind – too quickly and they 'd move ahead of the storm and dissipate , too slowly and they would fall behind .
" We know some of the reasons for the rogue waves , but we do not know them all , " Rosenthal concluded .
The WaveAtlas project is scheduled to continue until the first quarter of 2005 .
Still together after 80 years , Britain 's oldest married couple celebrate their ' oak ' wedding with a simple kiss
As with any married couple , there are times when Frank and Anita Milford do n’t quite see eye to eye .
But they have never let the odd disagreement get in the way of their love for each other and their dedication to their marriage .
To prove it , Frank , 100 , and Anita , 99 , today celebrate their 80th wedding anniversary , equalling the record for England ’s longest - ever marriage .
Frank and Anita Milford are celebrating their 80th wedding anniversary
They say the secret to a lasting marriage is to iron out your arguments before bedtime and share a kiss and a cuddle every night before bed .
Mrs Milford said : ‘ It ’s our golden rule .
Couples these days do n’t last long because they often do n’t take enough time for each other .
' Our advice to young couples would be to make time for a little romance every day . ’
Mr Milford added : ‘ To win over your sweetheart you need a dose of old - fashioned chivalry and do n’t let your standards slip .
We do everything together even after 80 years . ’
The couple met in 1926 and got married in 1928
The pair met in 1926 at a YMCA dance in their home town of Plymouth .
They married two years later , on May 26 , 1928 , and after the register office ceremony popped to the cinema to catch a Charlie Chaplin film .
Shortly after they moved to a bungalow in the city ’s St Budeaux district , where they lived until 2005 .
Mr Milford worked at Devonport Dockyard until retiring at 60 .
The couple have two children , Marie , 78 , and Frank , 73 , five grandchildren and seven great grandchildren .
Mr Milford said : ‘ We ’re proud of what we have achieved .
When we started we had low wages and worked very hard .
‘ The war years were tough - a bomb even dropped on our house .
But we have come
through it . ’
Since moving to a nursing home , the couple have taken up a range of hobbies .
They have just received a letter from the Queen congratulating them on their ‘ oak ’ anniversary .
Their 80 years together equals the English record set by Percy and Florence Arrowsmith of Hereford in 2006 .
Mr Arrowsmith died a fortnight after celebrating the anniversary .
Guinness World Records says the longest British marriage was that of Thomas and Elizabeth Morgan of Caerleon , South Wales , who were married for 81 years 260 days until her death in 1891 .
The couple say the key to a happy marriage is to share a kiss and a cuddle before bed
That was the year that was - 1928
Entertainer Bruce Forsyth is born .
Writer Thomas Hardy dies .
Heavy hailstones kill 11 people as storms sweep the UK .
Mickey Mouse appears in Steamboat Willie - the first cartoon with sound .
Aviator Amelia Earhart becomes the first woman to successfully pilot an aircraft across the Atlantic Ocean American actress Shirley Temple is born .
Content owners are in a curious position : though certainly not wanting to put themselves in a place where they are at the mercy of their distributors ( increasingly , ISPs ) , TV and movie companies continue to oppose network neutrality .
The reason is n't hard to find , either .
The big content companies are generally more interested in convincing ISPs to filter P2P traffic for copyright violations than they are in worrying about how non-neutral ISPs could hold up the stagecoach in the future .
This week , the MPAA 's Dan Glickman made the movie business ' position clear : network neutrality is worse even than a Uwe Boll flick .
At the industry 's ShoWest conference , Glickman gave a passionate speech about the need to stomp out online piracy ... after opening by talking up 2007 's record - setting box office numbers .
( Fun fact : one of Glickman 's favorite movies last year was The Bourne Ultimatum , which " blew my mind ... then almost blew out my knee when I tried to copy some of the moves . )
In his view , network neutrality is nothing more than a code word for " government regulation , " which is of course a bad thing unless the government is regulating your copyright terms upward .
The big reason for the MPAA 's opposition to neutrality is the group 's fear that neutrality rules could prevent ISPs from installing deep packet inspection gear that would attempt to filter the downloading of copyrighted content .
Just say no to regulation
As our recent chat with NBC 's top lawyer showed , content owners are deeply committed to this idea , going so far as to write lengthy FCC filings on the importance of allowing ISPs to block , shape , filter , and degrade traffic .
As that conversation also showed , though , content owners are increasingly turning to P2P as a way to handle the huge traffic loads associated with serving content , a need that will grow more acute as hi-def streams and downloads become the norm in future years .
The movie business also needs to ensure that consumers have good access to its digital products and that ISPs can't start blocking legal downloads or throttling streaming video unless the content owners pay up .
Apparently , though , ISP filtering trumps concerns about ISP extortion , at least for now , and the MPAA has been calling for voluntary filtering for months .
In his speech , Glickman said that " technology increasingly is making new worlds of consumer - centric innovation possible , and it is handing us the opportunity to deal the first real body blow to online piracy , to begin to reach toward the day when we might be able to take it off the table and debug the system .
It simply cannot be the policy of this country to say no to that . "
The LA Times ' points out that the current Markey / Pickering bill on network neutrality only sanctions access to " lawful content , " and so might not pose a threat to filtering anyway .
From an ISP perspective , though , there 's little appetite for this sort of filtering , since interfering so directly with the content flowing over a network has the potential to remove the " safe harbor " protections that ISPs now enjoy .
But there 's a spectre haunting the MPAA , and that spectre is piracy .
It trumps all other concerns .
Illicit file - swapping is going on today , and Glickman wants it stopped at whatever future cost to his own industry ( those battles can always be fought later ) .
" I do n't think movie theaters should be asked by our government to compete with piracy , " he said .
" I do n't think that should be the policy of our country . "
Further reading :
We are a bunch of volunteers and opening a brand new scheme in our community .
Your website offered us with helpful info to work on .
You ’ve done an impressive job
and our entire community will probably be grateful to you .
crackwindows
thans for shear
God bless you
NOVOSIBIRSK , Russia 
In this region of Siberia , long synonymous with gulags and hardship , shoppers mobbed an Ikea store last winter with the vigor of a miners ’ riot .
They loaded their outsize yellow shopping carts with clothes , housewares , appliances and small furniture .
The store and the surrounding Mega mall , opened last year on a bluff beside the Ob River , are expecting 12 million visitors in 2008  bursting with pent - up consumerism and oil rubles , unbothered by the economic uncertainty roiling much of the rest of the world .
Siberia , where Russians waited in long lines to buy food with ration cards not long ago , is the improbable epicenter of a huge mall boom .
As retail businesses shrink in the United States , provincial Russian towns like this one have become targets of retailers and shopping center developers from around the world .
Malls in this area are even poaching managers from as far away as California .
Across the great expanse of Russia  on plots cleared of birch groves and decrepit factories , on the territory of old airports and collective farms  big - box stores are rising at a rate of several a month .
Russia is projected to open twice as much mall space as any other European country this year , and Europe will open more shopping centers this year than ever .
Authorities say gun accidents with hunting dogs are not uncommon
The accident happened after James Harris , 37 , put his gun on the ground to retrieve a fallen pheasant .
One of a pack of hunting dogs following behind stepped on the trigger , and up to 120 birdshot pellets hit Mr Harris in the left calf at short range .
A local official told a news agency the injury was " not life - threatening , but will give him trouble for a long time " .
Alan Foster , a spokesman for the Iowa Department of Natural Resources , told the AFP news agency it was not uncommon for hunters to be shot by their dogs .
" I hear about it a couple times a year , " somewhere in the country , he said .
" They 'll step on the trigger assembly and , if the gun for whatever reason was n't on safety , it does n't take a whole lot to trip a trigger . "
Mr Harris was treated at Grinnell Regional Medical Center and later transported by helicopter to University of Iowa Hospitals in Iowa City , following the accident in Poweshiek County on Saturday afternoon .
An investigation into the accident is under way .
Is there anything more fun than sitting around , growing your hair , drinking a Bud while listening to Jethro Tull and pondering how to change the balance of power in the search world and unseat Google ?
Better search ?
Too subjective .
Better monetization ?
After the fact .
Better User Interface ?
Will we know it when we see it ?
A new and different search ?
Semantic ?
Human powered ?
We wo n’t know till we know .
But what about the Google Index , all the websites that are indexed by Google ?
What is it worth to be in the Google Index ?
What would you , as a website owner require in order to remove your site from the Google Index and no longer be available when someone does a google search ?
It should just be a matter of dollars and cents and sense , should n’t it ?
How many websites would have to recuse themselves from the Google Index before Google Search was negatively impacted ?
Mahalo.com thinks it needs to support the 25 k most common search terms in order to be successful .
What would happen if MicroSoft or Yahoo or a MicroHoo went to the 5 top results for the top 25 k searches and paid them to leave the Google Index ?
A theoretical maximum of 125 k sites , but with overlap , probably closer to 100k or less , times how much per site on average ?
The math starts to get interesting .
At $ 1,000 per site average times 100 k sites , thats only $ 1 Billion Dollars .
The distribution would obviously favor the larger sites , so of that billion dollars , would the top 1 k sites take 500k each and the remaining 99 k split the rest ?
Given the stakes , why stop at $ 1 Billion Dollars ?
Would the top 1 k most visited sites take a cool $ 1 mm each , plus a committment from MicroSoft or Yahoo to drive traffic through their search engines to more than make up for the lost Google Traffic .
After all , once consumers realized that Google no longer had valid search results for the top 25 k searchs , that traffic would most likely go to MicroSoft and Yahoo .
And why we are at it , why not require that these 100 k sites switch from Googles Publisher Network to Yahoo’s or MicroSofts ?
It would start to earn back the $ 1 Billion paid out very quickly .
On top of that , in order to grease the skids even further , why not issue advertising credits to the sites that switched off Google ?
Its soft dollars , that would sweeten the pot and drive more traffic .
IN essence , its no different that any other content aggregation play .
Its paying for content .
But ,
It would take some big ones to go for it and see if it worked .
However , without question , every search engine has some number of core sites , that when removed from its index , destabilizes the value of its search .
The question is how many ?
What would it cost to get that number of sites to turn Google off and stay off , and would the traffic created as users switch from Google more than compensate for the cost ?
Or would Google recognize the risk and jump in and offer more to websites to stay ?
Sure would be interesting to find out .
Moving On Up !
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Description : Since evolution says there is no God , anything goes , right ?
But you still have an appointment with Him .
In humans , faces are an important source of social information .
One property of faces that is rapidly noticed is attractiveness .
Research has highlighted symmetry and sexual dimorphism ( how masculine or feminine a face is ) as important variables that determine a face 's attractiveness .
But why are these traits attractive ?
One idea is that both traits are adverts of genetic quality or some other aspect of quality such as fertility .
An alternative view is that preferences for these traits arise through visual experience and therefore not linked to any underlying biological factors .
Faces certainly have the potential to be advertisements of mate ' quality ' and one way to examine this idea is to look at interrelationships between proposed adverts of quality .
In a study published in the May 7 issue of the journal PLoS ONE , Anthony Little of the University of Stirling and colleagues show that measurements of symmetry and sexual dimorphism from faces are related in humans , both in Europeans and African hunter - gatherers , and in a non-human primate .
In all samples , symmetric males had more masculine facial proportions and symmetric females had more feminine facial proportions .
The findings therefore support the claim that sexual dimorphism and symmetry in faces are signals advertising quality by providing evidence that there must be a biological mechanism linking the two traits during development .
For example , individuals resistant to disease may be able to grow both symmetric and sexually dimorphic .
Such work also suggests that faces may advertise quality across different human populations and even across different primate species .
The researchers are currently collecting data on human perceptions of facial beauty at http://www.alittlelab.com, which also presents more information about their work .
Electronic trail incriminates government in detainee 's cancer death Nick Langewis
Published : Sunday May 11 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Damning electronic evidence has been brought to light that incriminates the federal government in the neglect of a detainee in the months preceding his cancer death .
Having fled his native El Salvador with his family at age 10 , Francisco Castaneda , 36 , was an illegal immigrant , though he had lived in Los Angeles for close to 25 years , and fathered his daughter Vanessa , before a drug possession conviction found him incarcerated and facing deportation .
In March of 2006 , while Castaneda was in custody , his assigned doctor wanted him immediately admitted to a hospital and a biopsy done on a painful lesion on his penis , suspicious that it was cancerous .
Division of Immigration Health Services refused the request , seeking more " cost- effective " treatment options .
An emergency circumcision and biopsy of the lesion , later recommended by a urologist , were refused as " elective " treatment , according to Castaneda 's testimony to Congress on October 4 , 2007 .
The cancer would go untreated throughout 2006 , despite repeated requests for help , and it had visibly spread by the end of the year .
In July of 2006 , hoping to avoid trouble at an upcoming audit , the Washington Post reports that physician 's assistant David Lusche at the Otay Mesa facility , where Castaneda was being held , e-mailed a colleague to " amend " an unheeded grievance to something other than " grievance not resolved , " which would raise concern with the auditors .
" But it is true , unfortunately , " responded Anthony Walker the next day ; " this is a case where his grievance is correct and I do n't blame the detainee . "
Shortly before a biopsy would finally be performed , due to pressure from the ACLU , Castaneda was hastily released before the February 2007 appointment .
Though the only treatment he ever received was in the form of pain pills , antihistamines and extra underwear , DIHS medical director Timothy T. Shack called the care given Mr. Castaneda " timely and appropriate . "
Castaneda 's penis was amputated after the eventual diagnosis of invasive squamous cell carcinoma , and he later died on February 16 , 2008 .
US District Judge Dean D. Pregerson refused the government 's motion to dismiss the Castaneda family 's lawsuit in March , saying that the government knowingly let a sick man in pain suffer as his condition worsened .
" Defendants ' own records bespeak of conduct that transcends negligence by miles , " Pregerson 's ruling reads .
" It bespeaks of conduct that , if true , should be taught to every law student as conduct for which the moniker ' cruel ' is inadequate . "
" I had to be here today , " Mr. Castaneda told Congress , " because I am not the only one who did n't get the medical care I needed .
It was routine for detainees to have to wait weeks or months to get even basic care .
Who knows how many tragic endings can be avoided if ICE will only remember that , regardless of why a person is in detention and regardless of where they will end up , they are still human and deserve basic , humane medical care . "
Defense Secretary Robert Gates testifies before the House Armed Services Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington April 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Wednesday squashed speculation that he might agree to stay on as Pentagon chief under the next president ’s administration .
“ The circumstances under which I would do that are inconceivable to me , ” Gates told reporters .
Speculation had circulated in Washington and at the Pentagon that Sen. John McCain , the Republican nominee for president , would ask Gates to stay for a transition period to ensure continuity in war strategy .
Gates did not comment on that speculation , but said he only planned to stay in his job through January 2009 , when President George W. Bush leaves office .
Stats SA says expanded unemployment rate is now 42 % , but ‘ quirk ’ puts official rate at 23.3 %
SAA suspends operations as funding falls short
The full R10.5 bn could not be secured so all airline operations are to be placed under ‘ care and maintenance ’
National BL PREMIUM
A porn starlet , or perhaps just a " companion girl " paid to be a pretty face at one of the booths ( probably the former considering the amount of attention ) , smiles for the cameras .
Japanese trade exhibitions are notorious for skimpily dressed " promotion girls , " as well as hordes of camera - wielding men with no industry connections , who turn up just to take photos .
Photo : Tony McNicol
Utropicmedia Hosting Solutions manages applications of all sizes : from eCommerce solutions , secure data distribution or custom developed and hosted software .
Our managed hosting and software hosting solutions are engineered to be robust , reliable , and high - performance .
For over ten years businesses have relied on Utropicmedia for their success – let us help make your next project successful .
Jyoti Amge is World 's Tiniest Teenager ( Photos )
is 14 years old and lives in the city of Nagpur in central India .
She stands 23 inches tall and weighs 11 pounds .
She was born with a form of dwarfism called achondroplasia .
In the photo with her classmates above , she could easily fit inside of her pink backpack .
Her parents were not aware of her diagnosis until she was 5 years old .
They assumed she was just tiny and would eventually grow .
With the diagnosis they learned that she would remain the same size .
The teen has all of her clothing and jewelry custom made .
More photos available at Daily Mail .
She has a mini desk and chair in her classroom at school .
Jyoti has gained notoriety because of her mini size and enjoys the specialness of her situation .
Jyoti says she does n't feel any different than her peers .
Like all teenagers , she loves music , talking on her cellphone to friends .
She would love to eventually travel to London and the U.S. and has even given some thought to becoming a Bollywood actress .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The embattled financial sector took another hit on Tuesday as JPMorgan Chase and UBS AG cut their earnings forecasts for Merrill Lynch & Co Inc MER.N and said they expect the Wall Street firm to disclose more write - downs .
A Merrill Lynch sign is seen above the main entrance to its headquarters in New York , January 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
In turn , Merrill downgraded regional banks Bank of America BAC.N , PNC Financial PNC.N and SunTrust Banks Inc STI.N , saying the bursting of the housing bubble will continue to hurt lending and home equity .
The sharply lowered earnings expectations for Merrill stood out , though , dashing whatever confidence had been restored last week after the Federal Reserve helped arrange for JPMorgan JPM.N to take over Bear Stearns Cos Inc BSC.N , avoiding a systemic meltdown among banks .
“ In our view , Merrill Lynch is overexposed to the credit markets , which have been challenging , especially in the areas where Merrill has been most active , ” JPMorgan analysts Kenneth Worthington and Funda Akarsu wrote in a note .
Merrill shares were down 2 percent to $ 47.27 near midday , and the banking sector was the biggest drag on the Dow Jones industrial average .
JPMorgan forecast Merrill would write down an additional $ 2.1 billion of subprime debt , leading to a loss in the first quarter .
Merrill had $ 24.4 billion of mortgage - related write - downs in 2007 , among the most on Wall Street , according to a Reuters tally .
The earnings forecasts for Merrill and the increasingly negative views on banks are a reminder that the financial sector ’s troubles as a result of the crisis of confidence in lending markets are far from over , even after JPMorgan on Monday quintupled its offer for Bear Stearns to $ 10 a share .
Punk Ziegel analyst Richard Bove said the sweetened offer is quite risky for JPMorgan because of the potential losses at Bear .
“ What is most disturbing about this deal is that it uses a great deal of Morgan capital to buy a company that is losing market share , in a series of businesses that are declining in size , with a top management team that is best described as sclerotic , ” Bove wrote in a note to clients .
WEAKER EARNINGS VIEW
JPMorgan cut its first - quarter forecast for Merrill to a loss of 68 cents a share from a profit of $ 1.05 a share .
It cut its full - year view to $ 2.75 a share from $ 5.00 .
UBS , citing more expected write - downs and a likely increase in reserves against monoline insurers , said it expects Merrill to post a first - quarter loss of $ 2.00 a share , compared with a previous forecast for earnings of 59 cents a share .
It cut its full - year forecast to a profit of $ 1.10 a share from $ 3.60 .
Merrill cut its rating on Bank of America and Suntrust to “ sell ” from “ neutral , ” and it downgraded PNC to “ neutral ” from “ buy . ”
“ The downgrades reflect a weaker earnings outlook ( for all three banks ) and a recent rebound in their prices driven by Fed rate cutting and other central banking actions , which should ease the pain , but will not preclude a deep and protracted credit cycle , in our view , ” Merrill research analyst Edward Najarian said in a note .
After the latest wave of downgrades , Merrill has no “ buy ” ratings in the bank sector .
May 20 - 21 event to include 20 - minute feature with interview of director Kaneko
Viz Pictures , the film affiliate of the North American publisher Viz Media , has announced that it will screen the first live - action Death Note film in over 300 American theaters through National CineMedia 's NCM Fathom on May 20 and 21 .
Director Shusuke Kaneko adapted Tsugumi Ohba and Takeshi Obata 's supernatural suspense manga into two movies , the first of which will show on those two May evenings at 7:30 p.m.
( A release for the second film is listed as " coming soon . " )
The screening will include a new 20 - minute featurette that discusses the movie 's production and interviews director Kaneko .
Subscribers of the email newsletter for Viz Media 's Shonen Jump magazine can order advance tickets from April 18 to April 20 .
The general public can purchase tickets starting on April 21 .
The screenings will use NCM Fathom 's high - definition digital presentation system , which was also used for Viz Media 's Naruto movie screenings last June .
In this video , Flickr user Chriswoebken dissolves one of the London Underground 's RFID - based Oyster cards with nail - polish remover , leaving behind nothing but the chip and its antenna — and then gets on and off the tube using nothing but a flimsy bit of electronics , sometimes in his hand , sometimes taped to a sheet of paper .
I 've been trying to come up with a good Oyster killing method since Transport for London made Oysters near - mandatory ( you ca n't get a week - long pass without any Oyster anymore , and the buses are incredibly expensive if you do n't pay by Oyster ) .
In my ideal world , I 'd pay cash for an Oyster card , use it for a couple weeks , trash it , and get a new one , so that there would be no long - term ride history for me on file .
Unfortunately , the ticket - agents have started to charge £ 3 for replacement Oyster cards , which I 'm sure they 'd waive if the card was malfunctioning .
Microwaving the card leaves behind some unfortunate burn - marks .
The nice thing about this video is that it hints at the location of the RFID chip in the Oyster , which appears to be one of the corners .
Anyone know which ?
Link
( via Beyond the Beyond )
We 've told you all about the Raytheon Sarcos XOS exoskeleton , the smart suit of armor that endows its wearer with super - human strength .
Now see it in action , and meet the minds behind both Iron Men—real , and imaginary .
A proposed change in immigration law that could see legitimate asylum claims blocked for up to a decade , has prompted a furious response from politicians and human rights groups .
The new rules , due to come into force in the autumn , will mean that anyone deported from the UK will be barred from claiming asylum in this country for 10 years , regardless of how much their circumstances change .
The legislation has obvious implications for the hundreds of failed Zimbabwean asylum - seekers living in the UK who are now facing return to the crisis - hit country .
The Liberal Democrats ' justice spokesman Chris Huhne said : " As drafted , these rules are offensive in principle and also probably contravene basic human rights law .
It 's simply inhuman to insist that someone needs to wait up to 10 years to reapply for UK residency if they have dependants in the UK or if they are deported to a dangerous country like Zimbabwe . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Under the new law , any immigrant or asylum - seeker who is forcibly removed from the country will be banned for 10 years from re-entering the UK .
For those who leave voluntarily the ban will be between one and five years .
Until now re-entry following deportation was up to the discretion of immigration officers , which allowed for exceptions to be made on grounds of asylum .
The law was originally due to be implemented on 1 April .
However , following concerted lobbying from MPs , this has been pushed back to 1 October , to allow those staying in the UK illegally an extended period to leave voluntarily .
The Liberal Democrat peer Lord Avebury said the move was " part of a government attack on existing migrants " , adding that there would be an appeal against the law on human rights grounds .
" What 's so objectionable is that the same penalties are exacted on everyone , " he said .
" Of course Zimbabweans wo n't voluntarily go back .
If any of the 1,000 Zimbabweans who are now threatened with deportation goes back and gets persecuted , they 'll be stuck because of this 10 - year ban . "
A Refugee Council spokeswoman said such legislation went against the country 's duty to aid those fleeing persecution .
" The UK is a signatory to the Refugee Convention , and as such has an obligation to protect people who are fleeing for their lives " , she said .
Injustice , by Scott David Gray Permission to freely copy and distribute this document is given , provided that the text is not modified or abridged and this notice is included .
I 'd also appreciate hearing where this is being used .
For more information , please check http://www.unseelie.org
Injustice
Scott David Gray
Realizing that youth is the time in which most of our long - standing opinions and personality traits are formed , those of us between the ages of six and sixteen were herded like cattle onto buses .
Many of us had only heard rumors about the place we were going ; we did n't know what these camps were to really consist of .
Most of the parents did n't want to think about the terror we would go through .
A few fought back tears as we embarked on that first ride .
Other , bolder parents , tried to prevent their children from being so humiliated and abused ; and refused to give their children .
But these parents were found guilty of breaking the truancy laws and subjected to the same kinds of humiliation as their children ; being told by the Authorities that the State knew what was best for them .
We were then herded , in a straight line off the bus , into a large classroom ; all thirty of us .
There , we were assured that we would be supplied all the information we would ever need in life ; and that They surely knew what was best for us .
After being told to recite rote poetry in praise of freedom , we were sat down to begin the process of acquiring culture .
When we tried to stand together with friends , they grew nervous .
Intent on breaking up any alliances before they began , many of Them insisted that we change our seating arrangements each period ( for the day was broken up into periods ) .
During recess ( more on that shortly ) we were coerced to spend time with different children each day .
When parents were summoned for conferences -- at which the failure of the student 's family to provide a suitable environment would be discussed -- we were always denied admittance and the right to face our accusers .
The one of us who requested a lawyer was laughed at .
Perhaps most humiliating were the lines .
We were put in line for food .
We were lined up in a row to urinate .
We were lined up to enter and leave the building .
If we needed to perform even the most private acts , we were expected to raise our hands and explain our need to the warden -- with all the other inmates looking on .
Any books , games or other diversions we had with us were stripped away .
We were forced to take periodic tests .
Sometimes , a person fared poorly on the test and was dropped to a lower grade .
When this happened , we rarely ever saw the person again , except glances in the hallways .
Some of us developed secret signals , and passed notes .
We were so destitute of hope that we never seriously dared revolt ; we merely wished to humanize our time together .
This was most frowned upon .
At one period of the day , we were given the opportunity to work off the built up hostility of the day .
Recess consisted not so much in free time to do as one pleased , but in angered frustrated people taking out their aggressions on smaller weaker inmates .
They found all kinds of ways to divide us .
They gave us worthless tokens and trinkets , made up of gold stars and letters one would be forced to wear branded on their papers -- and for all their lives on records about them maintained by the State .
Many fell for this brainwashing , and extolled the virtues of the State ; being held up as examples to the rest of us .
As we grew older , and the physical differences between us and our oppressors disappeared , they began to rely on psychological mechanisms .
The basic fear of authority , and unwillingness to think for ourselves , instilled as youth made us easier subjects as teens .
Though we were still divided ; the drones who bought the whole corrupt system helped perpetrate it , and the rest of us were labeled delinquents .
To help keep us quiet , various tactics of crowd control were brought to bear .
Bread and circuses were given ; a free lunch and high school football .
By this point , some finally found the courage to fight for free speech , free thought , free assembly , privacy and other basic rights .
Those who did were often sent to detention , or labeled " emotionally disturbed " and sent to the " special class " which was only spoken of in whispers .
Those who so vehemently demanded their freedom were thereby ostracized ; and the State would often blame the parents , sometimes sending specialists to " examine the home situation . "
It ended for most of us only after twelve years of humiliation .
We , who were given this punishment -- greater than that received by rapists in this country -- were never accused of any crimes ; let alone found guilty in the courts through due process of law .
We were given certificates to prove that we had served our time -- and done so in a manner satisfactory with the mores of our keepers .
The system is such a corrupting influence that many of the other prisoners -- years after being released -- believe that it taught them useful skills .
Can our culture survive when the only people deemed fit to protect it are trained in such a brutal fashion ?
Tuenti es una red social para universitarios que aún no ha sido presentada oficialmente pero que claramente pretende trasladar el éxito de un sitio como Facebook a España .
Tuenti es Red Social Universitaria , creada por universitarios y para universitarios .
Que no somos otra cosa que personas interesadas en conocer nuevas personas , y pasárnoslo lo mejor posible a la vez que estamos haciendo la carrera .
Tuenti es un proyecto de la empresa Whoiswho Technologies .
Más información en el blog de Tuenti .
Nota : Bernardo Hernandez , Director de Marketing de Google España es uno de los socios fundadores de esta nueva red social .
Today is my birthday .
Let joy be unconfined .
There wo n't be a party .
Too stressful .
The trouble with birthday parties , in my experience , is that you tend to group different friends into different pockets - you have work friends , and college friends , and various groups of random friends you 've picked up along the way ... and since they 're all quite different , you behave differently with them .
I might be a swearing lout with one friend and an urbane sophisticate with another .
Mix them all together in the same room and it gives me an identity crisis : suddenly I do n't know who I am any more , and I panic and smash chairs against the wall until everyone goes home .
So instead of holding a birthday party , I plan to mark the occasion by screaming and crying .
That 's what I was doing the day I was born , so it 's fitting .
And besides , I 've got cause for tears : apparently , I 'm middle - aged .
I 'd always assumed middle age began somewhere in your 40s - the Oxford English Dictionary defines it as " the period between youth and old age , about 45 to 60 " - but today 's ruthlessly youth - oriented Reich has shifted the entry point ever closer , while I 've grown steadily older to meet it .
As I turn 37 , I have to accept that I 'm yesterday 's news .
And just to underline how despicably aged I am , life has dealt me a small yet significant blow .
For a while now , I 've found that it hurts to type .
Within moments of sitting at my keyboard , a headache - like sensation grows in my arm .
The muscles creak .
The elbow feels hollow .
I 'd always assumed that people with RSI were just making it up , the crybabies .
Now I 'm one of them .
So I 've been seeing a physiotherapist .
And , troubled by an apparent lack of progress on my part , she sent me for an MRI scan to see if there was anything going on in my neck .
Having an MRI scan is a barrel of laughs .
First you sit in a waiting room , wondering why everyone else has a ) come in pairs and b ) looks so stressed .
Then you realise they 're probably waiting to find out about life - threatening tumours , while you 're only there for an achy arm .
This makes you feel a bit ashamed and unworthy , like someone simply having a go on the machine for a laugh .
It also makes you contemplate your own mortality , or at least pull a face as though that 's what you 're doing .
Then you get changed , which simply means emptying your pockets and removing your belt , because although you do n't have to be naked for an MRI scan , anything metal will make the machine spark , fizz , and explode , killing all known life forms in a 500 - mile radius .
Next you 're led into a room occupied by a gigantic white machine with TOSHIBA printed on it .
This is undeniably exciting , because you 're going to lie down and go inside the big white tube and everything , like people who are ill on the telly do .
You lie down on a motorised tray .
A chirpy assistant places rubberised ear - mufflers next to your head ( " You 'll hear a loud knocking sound in there " ) , then passes you a tube with a squeezy bulb thing on the end of it .
If you start freaking out , squish it in your fist and they 'll pull you out of the machine .
" Ha ! " you think .
" Why would I freak out in the first place ? "
And then you go inside the machine .
You glide inside surprisingly quickly , to find yourself staring upwards into a universe of featureless white .
And then the noise starts .
It did n't sound like knocking to me : more like an Aphex Twin gig .
A series of stop - start electronic tones , buzzes , rumbles and alarms resonated through my head and neck .
" This is what being a modem must be like , " I thought , gazing into the bleached nothingness .
It lasted about 20 minutes : more than enough time for anyone to start feeling seriously weird .
Soon I became convinced I was having my mind wiped in a sci - fi thriller .
Two minutes longer and I 'd have been squeezing the freak - out teat and babbling about seeing through the Matrix .
On the way out , they give you a CD with your images on it - like a souvenir snapshot from a ride at Alton Towers , except instead of being depicted grinning on a log flume , you 're dissected into slices .
This is a bracing sight , and pretty good for kick - starting far deeper thoughts about your own mortality than the ones you were pretending to have earlier for the benefit of the people in the waiting room .
As such , it makes perfect desktop wallpaper .
Now , every time I minimise a window , I catch sight of my innards and contemplate death .
This keeps me vibrant and alive and characteristically cheerful .
Anyway , the upshot of it all was , the scan revealed that my neck is older than I am .
That is , a combination of bad posture , bad habits , and bad everything means part of my cervical spine appears prematurely clapped out .
If I 'm middle - aged , my neck 's a pensioner .
This is non-reversible , which means the resultant arm pain wo n't go away any time soon .
Instead , I 'll have to work round it , doing neck exercises like a codger .
Age comes to us all , but I 've managed to invite some of it to the party early , simply by not sitting correctly for 37 years .
It 's a humiliating birthday present , not to mention infuriating .
I 'd punch the wall in despair , except that would make things worse .
Perhaps I should hold a birthday party .
After all , at my current rate of decay , next year 's will be a wake , so I 'd best make the most of each remaining moment .
Just do n't expect handwritten invites , OK ?
This week .
Charlie bought a popcorn machine : " It 's my golden tip for anyone quitting smoking .
Get one off Amazon for about 20 quid , and make bowl after bowl of warm , fresh , fat - free , air - popped popcorn .
Ideal for tickling that oral - fixation cell in your brain each time you crave a cigarette , and should n't leave you fat as a house . "
This is awesome .
really looks great , its something you can use to make your friends go “ wow ” .
Well i think there is a camera at the back of the laptop screen .
Love to know how its done
Take a photo behind the screen and set it as wallpaper .
or
take a photo of the computer , use photoshop to modify it
or
hack the screen of the computer , remove the backlight and cut the cover or the screen so you can see through the LCD
Last updated at 16:59 25 November 2007
Manish Rajpurohit has been hailed the luckiest teenager in India after he survived being skewered by a metal pole in a bus crash .
The 18 - year - old student was riding a bus in Andhra Pradesh state when it was hit by a lorry .
The force of the smash rammed the four foot safety rail into Rajpurohit 's forehead and through his skull - only missing his spine by a few millimetres .
Scroll down for more ...
Rajpurohit said : " It struck my head and embedded me into the seat .
I was stuck there crying ' Help me ' as loud as I could . "
Brave Rajpurohit had to slide his head up the pole before he could be cut free from the wreckage , but still could not remove the object .
After an hour 's painful journey on a rickshaw to the nearest hospital , Rajpurohit was told by doctors there was nothing they could do .
Finally , after a further three hour ambulance ride to Bangalore , Rajpurohit underwent an emergency operation to remove the pole from his head .
Bangalore surgeon Dr Sharan Patil said : " The first thing he said to me was ' Get this bloody thing out of my head ' .
It 's remarkable .
It missed every vital part of his brain . "
As you know , I ’ve been on the quest for an affordable sleeper sofa bed .
Yesterday , reader Diane emailed us about this clever sofa bed , that converts into twin bunk beds !
It ’s from a British site called BonBon Trading .
I ’m not sure the price , or if they ship to the U.S. , but I thought you ’d get a kick out of it .
Would be great for families with kids … think how easy all those sleep - overs would be !
Thanks , Diane ! — Angela M.
“ Forthcoming ” : http://jhfowler.ucsd.edu/colbert_bump.pdf from James Fowler in _PS : Political Science and Politics_
Stephen Colbert , the host of Comedy Central ’s The Colbert Report , claims that politicians who appear on his show will become more popular and are more likely to win elections .
Although online discussions cite anecdotal evidence in support of his claim , it has never been scrutinized scientifically .
In this article I use “ facts ” ( sorry , Stephen ) provided by the Federal Election Commission to create a matched control group of candidates who have never appeared on The Colbert Report .
I then compare the personal campaign donations they receive to those received by candidates who have appeared on the program ’s segment “ Better Know a District . ”
The results show that Democratic candidates who appear on the Report receive a statistically significant “ Colbert bump ” in campaign donations , raising 44 % more money in a 30 - day period after appearing on the show .
However , there is no evidence of a similar boost for Republicans .
These results constitute the first scientific evidence of Stephen Colbert ’s influence on political campaigns .
Lawmakers of both parties are proposing amendments to the so - called energy independence bill that would massively subsidize the coal industry to produce liquid coal as a replacement for foreign oil .
( The admirable original bill is designed to increase fuel efficiency in cars and light trucks , encourage production of biofuels , and provide funds to develop technology that will capture carbon dioxide emissions from power plants . )
Senator Jeff Bingaman , Democrat of New Mexico , opposed big subsidies for coal - based fuels until mid-June , when he moved to offer up to $ 10 billion in loans for coal - to - liquid plants .
At the same time , Senator Barack Obama , from coal - rich Illinois , abruptly shifted his support for subsidizing coal - derived fuel production to concentrate on another bill he had been sponsoring that would cut greenhouse gas emissions and reduce carbon content in transport fuel .
The shifting positions of Bingaman and Obama underscore the tension between efforts to reduce dependence on foreign oil and to slow global warming .
Liquid coal — produced when coal is converted into transportation fuel — would at best do little to rein in climate change and would at worst be twice as bad as gasoline in producing the greenhouse gases that blanket the earth and lead to warming .
The conversion technology is well established ( the Germans used it during World War II ) , and liquid coal can power conventional diesel cars and trucks as well as jet engines and ships .
Coal industry executives contend that it can compete against gasoline if oil prices are $ 50 a barrel or higher .
But liquid coal comes with substantial environmental and economic negatives .
On the environmental side , the polluting properties of coal — starting with mining and lasting long after burning — and the large amounts of energy required to liquefy it mean that liquid coal produces more than twice the global warming emissions as regular gasoline and almost double those of ordinary diesel .
As pundits have pointed out , driving a Prius on liquid coal makes it as dirty as a Hummer on regular gasoline .
One ton of coal produces only two barrels of fuel .
In addition to the carbon dioxide emitted while using the fuel , the production process creates almost a ton of carbon dioxide for every barrel of liquid fuel .
Which is to say , one ton of coal in , more than two tons of carbon dioxide out .
Congressional and industry proponents of coal - to - liquid plants argue that the same technologies that may someday capture and store emissions from coal - fired plants will also be available to coal - to - liquid plants .
But even if the carbon released during production were somehow captured and sequestered — a technology that remains unproven at any meaningful scale — some studies indicate that liquid coal would still release 4 to 8 percent more global warming pollution than regular gasoline .
Liquid coal is also a bad economic choice .
Lawmakers from coal states are proposing that U.S. taxpayers guarantee billions of dollars in construction loans for production plants , guarantee minimum prices for the new fuel , and guarantee big purchases by the government for the next 25 years .
Their mantra is that coal - based fuels are more American than gasoline .
But no operating coal - to - liquid plants exist in the U.S. , and researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology estimate it will cost $ 70 billion to build enough plants to replace 10 percent of American gasoline consumption .
Some energy experts worry that the scale of the incentives could lead to a repeat of the disastrous effort 30 years ago to underwrite a synthetic fuels industry .
The country would be spending billions in loans , tax incentives and price guarantees to lock in a technology that produces more greenhouse gases than gasoline does .
This is unacceptable at a time when leading scientists from all over the world are warning that greenhouse gases must be cut by at least 60 percent over the next half a century to avert the worst consequences of global warming .
Instead of spending billions to subsidize a massively polluting industry , we should be investing in efficiency and in renewable energy technologies that can help us constrain global warming today .
A Harvard researcher has accused one of America 's biggest retailers of sneaking privacy - stealing spyware from ComScore onto customers ' machines .
Sears Holding Corporation , owner of Sears , Roebuck and Co. and Kmart , makes the pitch in an email sent to people shortly after they provide their address at Sears.com .
Clicking the " Join " button invokes a dialog that requests the person 's name , address and household size before installing ComScore spyware that monitors every site visited on the computer .
Sears ' leap into the spyware business was first documented by Computer Associates researcher Benjamin Googins , who determined the notice to end users was inadequate .
Yesterday , Harvard researcher Ben Edelman weighed in and came to largely the same conclusion .
It 's not that Sears fails to notify users it intends to spy on them .
Indeed , the email sent to users states that the application " monitors all of the internet behavior that occurs on the computer on which you install the application , including ... filling a shopping basket , completing an application form , or checking your ... personal financial or health information . "
The rub is that this unusually frank warning comes on page 10 of a 54 - page privacy statement that is 2,971 words long .
Edelman , who is a frequent critic of spyware companies , said the Sears document fails to meet standards established by the Federal Trade Commission when it settled with Direct Revenue and Zango over the lack of disclosure about the extent of their snoopware .
" The Sears SHC installation of ComScore falls far short of these rules , " Edelman writes .
" The limited SHC disclosure provided by email lacks the required specificity as to the nature , purpose , and effects of the ComScore software . "
He also criticizes the Sears installation because it identifies the software as " VoiceFive " and later claims it 's coming from a company called TMRG , Inc. " even though a packet sniffer confirms the software belongs to ComScore .
" If SHC used the company name ' ComScore ' or the product name ' RelevantKnowledge , ' users could run a search at any search engine , " he argues .
" These confusing name - changes fit the trend among spyware vendors . "
Responding to the initial CA blog post , a Sears vice president vigorously defends the practice , saying the retailer " goes to great lengths to describe the tracking aspect " of the software .
He also claims a progress bar during the installation of the software gives users an easy way to back out if they change their minds , but Edelman said no such bar was displayed during his tests . ®
This site provides information using PDF , visit this link to download the Adobe Acrobat Reader DC software .
By Thomas Buch - Andersen
BBC News , Copenhagen
Danish diplomats to Muslim countries are preparing themselves for another wave of anti-Danish protests after the government announced it would bar judges from wearing headscarves and similar religious or political symbols in courtrooms .
The dramatic image has sparked debate in Denmark Although the ban will include crucifixes , Jewish skull caps and turbans as well as headscarves , the move is seen as being largely aimed at Muslim judges .
It comes after pressure from the Danish People 's Party ( DPP ) , known for its anti-Muslim rhetoric .
Earlier this month , the party produced a widely published poster showing a female judge wearing an all - encompassing burka .
The accompanying text argues that a Muslim headscarf is more than just a feather - light piece of clothing .
Rather , it suggests , it is a symbol of submission and tyranny .
The final line of text reads : " Give us Denmark back . "
Critics have argued that the burka imagery is misleading as the head covering is already banned from Danish courtrooms .
Cartoon crisis
But DPP leader , Pia Kjaersgaard , said : " Some might take offence because we are using a burka in our campaign .
And so what ? "
Mrs Kjaersgaard is a key ally of the Danish Prime Minister Fogh Rasmussen - a potential candidate for the newly - created position of president of Europe .
She has said that in hospital she would request another doctor were she to be introduced to one wearing a Muslim headscarf .
Since 2005 , when a Danish paper published a controversial cartoon depicting the Prophet Muhammad as a bearded man with a bomb in his turban , there have been a series of protests against Denmark across the Muslim world .
" Denmark has learned from the cartoon crisis .
With Denmark 's tarnished reputation in the Middle East , the debate about headscarves is very likely to be misunderstood , " said Hans Christian Korsholm Nielsen , director of the Danish Institute in Damascus .
Danish diplomats are braced for further protests
He said diplomats were already preparing themselves for a new round of protests .
Danish Justice Minister Lene Espersen says the ban on religious symbols is needed because judges " must appear neutral and impartial " .
But Court President Torben Goldin says the ban is absurd .
" Danish judges go through 15 years of training to ensure that they are only acting according to Danish law and not influenced by their religious or political beliefs , " he said .
He told Danish television that the ban merely had good " entertainment value " .
' Anti-Muslim ' Danish Integration Minister Birthe Ronn Hornbech has said she is opposed to the ban , calling the DPP 's campaign " fanatical anti-Muslim " in tone .
In response , the DPP 's second - in - command , Kristian Thulesen Dahl , agreed , saying : " To a great extent , we are anti-Muslim .
" To a great extent , Islam is practised in a way which gives the Danish society problems . "
However , he denied that the party is fanatical .
Mr Rasmussen is a potential candidate for president of Europe Mr Fogh Rasmussen 's centre - right relies on DPP support in parliament to get legislation through .
That , in return , gives the DPP the power to dictate the immigration and integration policy of the Danish government , commentators say .
The DPP has said it intends to work for a further ban on Muslim headscarves to include school - teachers and medical personnel .
Muslim groups have criticised the ban .
" What 's next ?
The length of my beard ? " said Zubair Butt Hussain , a spokesman for the Danish Muslim Council .
He is backed by Fahmy Almajid , an integration official , who called the ban " unbelievably stupid " .
" It is counter - productive to what we have been working towards for so many years - to get Muslim women to work and to show young Muslims that they are a part of Danish society , " Mr Almajid said .
Symbolic scarf Sabba Mirza , a 25 - year - old female Muslim and law student , told a Danish newspaper that wearing her scarf was a personal choice .
" My headscarf is part of the lifestyle I have chosen , " she said .
" If that prevents me from getting a job in Denmark , I 'll have to move to a country where people are more enlightened and can see past the scarf . "
A survey published in Berlingske Tidende newspaper on Sunday found that 51 % of Danish voters support the outlawing of religious symbols in courtrooms .
However , the survey also showed even stronger support for barring judges as well as school - teachers , nurses and doctors from wearing T - shirts with political slogans , sexually revealing clothing or shorts .
There have been no similar debates in countries like Sweden , Norway and Finland .
British courts accept Muslim headscarves , as well as turbans , in courtrooms .
In France , headscarves and other religious symbols are banned in schools and are unthinkable in courtrooms .
But , so far , the presidency of the Danish parliament , the Folketinget , has said that it will not bar parliamentarians from wearing headscarves when speaking in parliament .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Today 's Washington , D.C. owes much of its unique design to Pierre Charles L'Enfant , who came to America from France to fight in the Revolutionary War and rose from obscurity to become a trusted city planner for George Washington .
L'Enfant designed the city from scratch , envisioning a grand capital of wide avenues , public squares and inspiring buildings in what was then a district of hills , forests , marshes and plantations .
The centerpiece of L'Enfant 's plan was a great " public walk . "
Today 's National Mall is a wide , straight strip of grass and trees that stretches for two miles , from Capitol Hill to the Potomac River .
Smithsonian museums flank both sides and war memorials are embedded among the famous monuments to Lincoln , Washington and Jefferson .
L'Enfant and the Capital
Washington D.C. was established in 1790 when an act of Congress authorized a federal district along the Potomac River , a location offering an easy route to the western frontier ( via the Potomac and Ohio River valleys ) and conveniently situated between the northern and southern states .
President Washington chose an area of land measuring 100 square miles where the Eastern Branch ( today 's Anacostia River ) met the Potomac just north of Mount Vernon , his Virginia home .
The site already contained the lively port towns of Alexandria and Georgetown , but the new nation needed a federal center with space dedicated to government buildings .
Washington asked L'Enfant , by then an established architect , to survey the area and recommend locations for buildings and streets .
The Frenchman arrived in Georgetown on a rainy night in March 1791 and immediately got to work .
" He had this rolling landscape at the confluence of two great rivers , " said Judy Scott Feldman , chairwoman of the National Coalition to Save Our Mall .
" He essentially had a clean slate on which to design the city . "
Inspired by the topography , L'Enfant went beyond a simple survey and envisioned a city where important buildings would occupy strategic places based on changes in elevation and the contours of waterways .
While Thomas Jefferson had already sketched out a small and simple federal town , L'Enfant reported back to the president with a much more ambitious plan .
For many , the thought of a metropolis rising out of a rural area seemed impractical for a fledgling nation , but L'Enfant won over an important ally .
" Everything he said , a lot of people would have found it crazy back then , but Washington didn't , " says L'Enfant biographer Scott Berg .
His design was based on European models translated to American ideals .
" The entire city was built around the idea that every citizen was equally important , " Berg says .
" The Mall was designed as open to all comers , which would have been unheard of in France .
It 's a very sort of egalitarian idea . "
L'Enfant placed Congress on a high point with a commanding view of the Potomac , instead of reserving the grandest spot for the leader 's palace as was customary in Europe .
Capitol
Hill became the center of the city from which diagonal avenues named after the states radiated , cutting across a grid street system .
These wide boulevards allowed for easy transportation across town and offered views of important buildings and common squares from great distances .
Public squares and parks were evenly dispersed at intersections .
Pennsylvania Avenue stretched a mile west from the Capitol to the White House , and its use by officials ensured rapid development for the points in between .
For the rural area to become a real city , L'Enfant knew it was crucial to incorporate planning strategies encouraging construction .
But his refusal to compromise led to frequent clashes that eventually cost him his position .
City commissioners who were concerned with funding the project and appeasing the District 's wealthy landowners did n't share L'Enfant 's vision .
The planner irked the commissioners when he demolished a powerful resident 's house to make way for an important avenue and when he delayed producing a map for the sale of city lots ( fearing real estate speculators would buy up land and leave the city vacant ) .
Eventually , the city 's surveyor , Andrew Ellicott , produced an engraved map that provided details for lot sales .
It was very similar to L'Enfant 's plan ( with practical changes suggested by officials ) , but the Frenchman got no credit for it .
L'Enfant , now furious , resigned at the urging of Thomas Jefferson .
When L'Enfant died in 1825 he had never received payment for his work on the capital and the city was still a backwater ( due partly to L'Enfant 's rejected development and funding proposals ) .
Through the 1800s to the McMillan Commission
A century after L'Enfant conceived an elegant capital , Washington was still far from complete .
In the 1800s , cows grazed on the Mall , which was then an irregularly shaped , tree - covered park with winding paths .
Trains passing through a railroad station on the Mall interrupted debate in Congress .
Visitors ridiculed the city for its idealistic pretensions in a bumpkin setting and there was even talk after the Civil War of moving the capital to Philadelphia or the Midwest .
In 1901 , the Senate formed the McMillan Commission , a team of architects and planners who updated the capital based largely on L'Enfant 's original framework .
They planned an extensive park system , and the Mall was cleared and straightened .
Reclaimed land dredged from the river expanded the park to the west and south , making room for the Lincoln and Jefferson memorials .
The Commission 's work finally created the famous green center and plentiful monuments of today 's Washington .
L'Enfant and Washington Today
Some of L'Enfant 's plans , including a huge waterfall cascading down Capitol Hill , were never realized .
But the National Mall has been a great success , used for everything from picnics to protests .
" The American people really took to the Mall in the 20th century and turned it into this great civic stage , " Feldman says .
" That was something that Pierre L'Enfant never envisioned ... a place for us to speak to our national leaders in the spotlight . "
It has become so popular that officials say it is " terribly overused , " as evidenced by worn grass and bare patches of earth .
John Cogbill , chairman of the National Capital Planning Commission which oversees development in the city , says the Commission strives to fulfill L'Enfant 's original vision while meeting the demands of a growing region .
" We take [ L' Enfant 's plan ] into account for virtually everything we do , " he says .
" I think he would be pleasantly surprised if he could see the city today .
I do n't think any city in the world can say that the plan has been followed so carefully as it has been in Washington . "
By Andrew Walker
BBC News website , Abuja
When she discovered she was pregnant , Faith stole a few thousand naira - about $ 40 - from her mother to pay for a secret abortion .
In Nigeria women can only get an abortion is their life is at risk
The 21 - year - old was n't ready to have a baby , she said .
She does n't have enough money to look after a child as she earns only 300 naira per day , just over $ 2.5 ( £ 1.30 ) .
" They put iron inside me , it pains a lot , " she said in a written answer to questions from the BBC .
" I was vomiting , and felt sad . "
The " doctor " was not trained to perform abortions , and may not have been qualified at all .
Faith is fortunate to be alive .
Figures show that 10,000 women die every year in Nigeria from unsafe abortions , carried out by untrained people in unsanitary conditions .
That is 27 deaths every day .
According to the US - based Guttmacher Institute , that is one sixth of the total number of women who die worldwide from such procedures .
Traditional ' doctors '
In Nigeria abortion is illegal unless the life of the woman would be at risk if she were to give birth .
But the Guttmacher Institute estimates that more than 456,000 unsafe abortions are done in Nigeria every year .
These women are very young .
They are often not married or still in school
Doctor who provides safe - but illegal - abortions
Some women go to traditional healers to terminate their pregnancies .
Methods include trying to break the amniotic sack inside the womb with a sharp stick .
This causes infection and in extreme cases the tissue inside the body can start to die .
" They 're pulling out intestines , " says gynaecologist Dr Ejike Oji , of Ipas , an international organisation working to secure reproductive rights for women .
Another method is to pump a toxic mixture of fiercely hot Alligator chilli peppers and chemicals like alum into their bodies .
" The women go into toxic shock and die , " Dr Oji said .
Taboo Abortion is a taboo subject in Nigeria .
The BBC could n't find any woman who had an abortion willing to speak about it openly .
But 12 women responded to questionnaires about their experiences .
ABORTION IN NIGERIA
About 750,000 women have abortions every year 60 % of those are " unsafe " 20 % are done by a traditional healer or the woman herself
The average cost of an abortion is $ 15 The lowest reported cost was $ 4 20 % of pregnancies in Nigeria are unplanned 50 % of those end in abortion Women in the mostly Christian south as likely to experience unwanted pregnancy as women in the Muslim north Source : Guttmacher Institute
The women were contacted though a doctor who arranges abortions by trained doctors at a medical clinic in the capital Abuja .
" People know I am into women 's issues , " she says , " so when a woman comes to an organisation looking for help , they send them to me . "
The doctor did not want to be identified because she feared the authorities would prevent her from providing a service she says saves lives .
All but one of the 12 women are single , and all are below the age of 27 .
Two are still in secondary school .
All of them earn less than $ 60 ( £ 30 ) a week .
Two women said they had abortions before , and two other women said their boyfriends refused to let them use contraception .
Most of them did not tell their partners or their families they were pregnant , and had to borrow money from friends to pay for the abortion .
At the doctor 's clinic it costs $ 169 ( £ 86 ) for the operation .
In unqualified hands , an abortion could cost as little as $ 4 ( £ 2 ) .
" It 's expensive , but they realise its better than spending 500 naira and then having permanent medical problems or dying , " says the doctor .
She gives the women a pill normally used for treating stomach ulcers .
This causes the womb to contract and start bleeding .
The doctor , with the approval of another consultant , can then go ahead and perform the abortion , because they can say it appeared the woman 's life was at risk .
" These women are very young , " says the doctor .
" They are often not married , sometimes still in school .
There are serious social consequences if they were to have the child .
They might not be able to afford to raise them . "
Even if it was possible to get a legal abortion , many women would not be able to get a safe one
Dr Francis Ohanyido
International Public Health Forum Married women may seek abortions because they already have more children than they can afford .
Two attempts to change the law were stopped by conservative women 's groups .
They say a change in the law would promote promiscuity , and weaken the moral fibre of Nigeria .
" Making more abortions available is not the answer , " says Saudata Sani , a female member of the House of Representatives for Kaduna state , in northern Nigeria .
" Women need to be educated about their rights over their body and given opportunities to plan their families , but it must be done in a way that protects public morality . "
Other medical specialists say that the law is just a part of the picture .
" Even if it was possible to get a legal abortion , many women would not be able to get a safe one , " said Dr Francis Ohanyido , the president of the International Public Health Forum .
" Medical facilities vary widely and it is almost impossible to guarantee quality . "
Cultural taboos mean even if there was a clinic in their town , it would be impossible for most women to go there , he said .
Among the 12 women the BBC questioned , five said they believed it would be wrong to make abortion more easily available .
Sharle , a 25 - year - old university student , who had an abortion so she could continue her education , said she regretted what she did , saying it was against God 's commandments .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
20th May 2008 , 09:29 pm
The post Beautiful differentiation showed some lovely code that makes it easy to compute not just the values of user - written functions , but also all of its derivatives ( infinitely many ) .
This elegant technique is limited , however , to functions over a scalar ( one - dimensional ) domain .
Next , we explored what it means to transcend that limitation , asking and answering the question
What is a derivative , really ?
The answer to that question is that derivative values are linear maps saying how small input changes result in output changes .
This answer allows us to unify several different notions of derivatives and their corresponding chain rules into a single simple and powerful form .
This third post combines the ideas from the two previous posts , to easily compute infinitely many derivatives of functions over arbitrary - dimensional domains .
The code shown here is part of a new Haskell library , which you can download and play with or peruse on the web .
The general setting : vector spaces
Linear maps ( transformations ) lie at the heart of the generalized idea of derivative described earlier .
Talking about linearity requires a few simple operations , which are encapsulated in the the abstract interface known from math as a vector space .
A vector space v has an associated type s of scalar values ( a field ) and a set of operations .
In Haskell ,
class VectorSpace v s | v -> s where zeroV :: v -- the zero vector ( *^ ) :: s -> v -> v -- scale a vector ( ^+^ ) :: v -> v -> v -- add vectors negateV :: v -> v -- additive inverse
In many cases , we ’ll want to add inner ( dot ) products as well , to form an inner product space :
class VectorSpace v s => InnerSpace v s | v -> s where ( <.>) :: v -> v -> s
Several other useful operations can be defined in terms of these five methods .
For instance , vector subtraction and linear interpolation for vector spaces , and magnitude and normalization ( rescaling to unit length ) for inner product spaces .
The vector - space library defines instances for Float , Double , and Complex , as well as pairs , triples , and quadruples of vectors , and functions with vector ranges .
( By “ vector ” here , I mean any instance of VectorSpace , recursively ) .
It ’s pretty easy to define new instances of your own .
For instance , here is the library ’s definition of functions as vector spaces , using the same techniques as before :
instance VectorSpace v s => VectorSpace ( a -> v ) s where zeroV = pure zeroV ( *^ ) s = fmap ( s *^ ) ( ^+^ ) = lift A2 ( ^+^ ) negateV = fmap negateV
Linear transformations could perhaps be defined as an abstract data type , with primitives and a composition operator .
I do n’t know how to provide enough primitives for all possibly types of interest .
I also played with linear maps as a type family , indexed on the domain or range type , but it did n’t quite work out for me .
For now , I ’ll simply represent a linear map as a function , define a type synonym as reminder of intention :
type a :-* b = a -> b -- linear map
This definition makes some things quite convenient .
Function composition , (. ) , implements linear map composition .
The function VectorSpace instance ( above ) gives the customary meaning for linear maps as vector spaces .
Like , ( -> ) , this new ( :-*) operator is right - associative , so a :-* b :-* c means a :-* ( b :-* c ) .
Derivative towers
A derivative tower contains a value and all derivatives of a function at a point .
Previously , I ’d suggested the following type for derivative towers .
data a :> b = D b ( a :> ( a :-* b ) ) -- old definition
The values in one of these towers have types b , a :-> b , a :-> a :-> b , ….
So , for instance , a second derivative value is a linear map from a to linear maps from a to b .
( Uncurrying a second derivative yields a bilinear map . )
Since making this suggestion , I ’ve gotten simpler code using the following variation , which I ’ll use instead :
data a :> b = D b ( a :-* ( a :> b ) )
Now a tower value is a regular value , plus a linear map that yields a tower for the derivative .
We can also write this second version more simply , without the linearity reminder :
data a :> b = D b ( a :~> b)
where a :~> b is the type of infinitely differentiable functions , represented as a function that produces a derivative tower :
type a :~> b = a -> ( a :> b)
Basics
As in Beautiful differentiation , constant functions have all derivatives equal to zero :
dConst :: VectorSpace b s => b -> a:>b dConst b = b ` D` const dZero dZero :: VectorSpace b s => a :>b dZero = dConst zeroV
Note the use of the standard Haskell function const , which makes constant functions ( always returning the same value ) .
Also , the use of the zero vector required me to use a VectorSpace constraint in the type signature .
( I could have used 0 and Num instead , but Num requires more methods and so is less general than VectorSpace . )
The differentiable identity function plays a very important role .
Its towers are sometimes called “ the derivation variable ” or similar , but it ’s a not really a variable .
The definition is quite terse :
d Id :: VectorSpace u s => u :~> u d Id u = D u ( du -> dConst du )
What ’s going on here ?
The differentiable identity function , dId , takes an argument u and yields a tower .
The regular value ( the 0th derivative ) is simply the argument u , as one would expect from an identity function .
The derivative ( a linear map ) turns a tiny input offset , du , to a resulting output offset , which is also du ( also as expected from an identity function ) .
The higher derivatives are all zero , so our first derivative tower is dConst du .
Linear functions
Returning , for a few moments , to thinking of derivatives as numbers , let ’s consider about the function f = x -> m * x + b for some values m and b .
We ’d usually say that the derivative of f is equal to m everywhere , and indeed f can be interpreted as a line with ( constant ) slope m and y - intercept b .
In the language of linear algebra , the function f is affine in general , and is ( more specifically ) linear only when b == 0 .
In the generalized view of derivatives as linear maps , we say instead that the derivative is x -> m * x .
The derivative everywhere is almost the same as f itself .
If we take b == 0 ( so that f is linear and not just affine ) , then the derivative of f is exactly f , everywhere !
Consequently , its higher derivatives are all zero .
In the generalized view of derivatives as linear maps , this relationship always holds .
The derivative of a linear function f is f everywhere .
We can encapsulate this general property as a utility function :
linearD :: VectorSpace v s => ( u :-* v ) -> ( u :~> v ) linearD f u = D ( f u ) ( du -> dConst ( f du ) )
The dConst here sets up all of the higher derivatives to be zero .
This definition can also be written more succinctly :
linearD f u = D ( f u ) ( dConst . f )
You may have noticed a similarity between this discussion of linear functions and the identity function above .
This similarity is more than coincidental , because the identity function is linear .
With this insight , we can write a more compact definition for dId , replacing the one above :
d Id = linearD id
As other examples of linear functions , here are differentiable versions of the functions fst and snd , which extract element from a pair .
fstD :: VectorSpace a s => ( a , b ) :~> a fstD = linearD fst sndD :: VectorSpace b s => ( a , b ) :~> b sndD = linearD snd
Numeric operations
Numeric operations can be specified much as they were previously .
First , those definition again ( with variable names changed ) ,
instance Num b =>
Num ( Dif b ) where from Integer = dConst . fromInteger D u0 u ' + D v0 v' = D ( u0 + v0 ) ( u ' + v' ) D u0 u ' - D v0 v' = D ( u0 - v0 ) ( u ' - v' ) u@( D u0 u ' ) * v@( D v0 v' ) = D ( u0 * v0 ) ( u ' * v + u * v')
Now the new definition :
instance ( Num b , VectorSpace b b ) =>
Num ( a :>b ) where from Integer = dConst . fromInteger D u0 u ' + D v0 v' = D ( u0 + v0 ) ( u ' + v' ) D u0 u ' - D v0 v' = D ( u0 - v0 ) ( u ' - v' ) u@( D u0 u ' ) * v@( D v0 v' ) = D ( u0 * v0 ) ( da -> ( u * v' da ) + ( u ' da * v ) )
The main change shows up in multiplication .
It is no longer meaningful to write something like u' * v , because u' :: b :-* ( a :> b ) , while v :: a :> b .
Instead , v' gets applied to the small change in input before multiplying by u .
Likewise , u' gets applied to the small change in input before multiplying by v .
The same sort of change has happened silently in the sum and difference cases , but are hidden by the numeric overloadings provided for functions .
Written more explicitly :
D u0 u ' + D v0 v' = D ( u0 + v0 ) ( da -> u' da + v' da )
By the way , a bit of magic can also hide the “ da -> ... ” in the definition of multiplication :
u@( D u0 u ' ) * v@( D v0 v' ) = D ( u0 * v0 ) ( ( u *) . v' + (* v ) . u ' )
The derivative part can be deciphered as follows : transform ( the input change ) by v' and then pre-multiply by u ; transform ( the input change ) by u' and then post - multiply by v ; and add the result .
If this sort of wizardry is n’t your game , forget about it and use the more explicit form .
Composition — the chain rule
Here ’s the chain rule we used earlier .
(>-<) :: ( Num a ) => ( a -> a ) -> ( Dif a -> Dif a ) -> ( Dif a -> Dif a ) f >-< f ' = u@( D u0 u ' ) -> D ( f u0 ) ( f ' u * u ' )
The new one differs just slightly :
(>-<) :: VectorSpace u s => ( u -> u ) -> (( a :> u ) -> ( a :> s ) ) -> ( a :> u ) -> ( a :> u ) f >-< f ' = u@( D u0 u ' ) -> D ( f u0 ) ( da -> f ' u *^ u' da )
Or we can hide the da , as with multiplication :
f >-< f ' = u@( D u0 u ' ) -> D ( f u0 ) ( ( f ' u *^ ) . u ' )
With this change , all of the method definitions in Beautiful differentiation work as before , with only the For instance ,
instance ( Fractional b , VectorSpace b b ) =>
Fractional ( a:>b ) where fromRational = dConst .
fromRational recip = recip >-< recip sqr
See the library for details .
The chain rule pure and simple
The ( >-<) operator above is specialized form of the chain rule that is convenient for automatic differentiation .
In its simplest and most general form , the chain rule says
deriv ( f . g ) x = deriv f ( g x ) .
deriv g x
The composition on the right hand side is on linear maps ( derivatives ) .
You may be used to seeing the chain rule in one or more of its specialized forms , using some form of product ( scalar / scalar , scalar / vector , vector / vector dot , matrix / vector ) instead of composition .
Those forms all mean the same as this general case , but are defined on various representations of linear maps , instead of linear maps themselves .
The chain rule above constructs only the first derivatives .
Instead , we ’ll construct all of the derivatives by using all of the derivatives of f and g .
( @. ) :: ( b :~> c ) -> ( a :~> b ) -> ( a :~> c ) ( f @. g ) a0 = D c0 ( c ' @. b' ) wfere D b0 b' = g a0 D c0 c' = f b0
Coming attractions
In this post , we ’ve combined derivative towers with generalized derivatives ( based on linear maps ) , for constructing infinitely many derivatives of functions over multi-dimensional ( or scalar ) domains .
The inner workings are subtler than the previous code , but almost as simple to express and just as easy to use .
If you ’re interested in learning more about generalized derivatives , I recommend the book Calculus on Manifolds .
Future posts will include :
A look at an efficiency issue and consider some solutions .
Elegant executable specifications of smooth surfaces , using derivatives for the surface normals used in shading .
The post Beautiful differentiation showed some lovely code that makes it easy to compute not just the values of user - written functions , but also all of its derivatives ( infinitely many ) .
This ...
Kristin Collins
The News & Observer
May 10 , 2008
No federal law prohibits North Carolina from admitting illegal immigrants to its colleges and universities , officials with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said today .
The statement from federal officials contradicts a letter sent this week by the office of state Attorney General Roy Cooper .
The letter from Cooper ’s office advised the state Community College System that federal law bars the admission of illegal immigrants to public colleges and universities , even if they pay out - of - state tuition .
The letter said that the Department of Homeland Security , of which ICE is a part , was responsible for enforcing the law and offered to ask the department for further clarification of the law .
Read entire article
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
VATICAN CITY ( Reuters ) - The Vatican issued its most explicit decree so far against the ordination of women priests on Thursday , punishing them and the bishops who try to ordain them with automatic excommunication .
Pilgrims attend a mass for the canonisation of five new saints celebrated by Pope Benedict XVI in St. Peter 's Square in the Vatican October 23 , 2005 .
The Vatican issued its most explicit decree so far against the ordination of women priests on Thursday , punishing them and the bishops who try to ordain them with automatic excommunication .
REUTERS / Tony Gentile
The decree was written by the Vatican ’s Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith and published in the Vatican newspaper L’Osservatore Romano , giving it immediate effect .
A Vatican spokesman said the decree made the Church ’s existing ban on women priests more explicit by clarifying that excommunication would follow all such ordinations .
Excommunication forbids those affected from receiving the sacraments or sharing in acts of public worship .
Rev. Tom Reese , a senior fellow at the Woodstock Theological Center at Georgetown University , said he thought the decree was meant to send a warning to the growing number of Catholics who favor admitting women to the priesthood .
“ I think the reason they ’re doing this is that they ’ve realized there is more and more support among Catholics for ordaining women , and they want to make clear that this is a no - no , ” Reese said .
The Church says it cannot change the rules banning women from the priesthood because Christ chose only men as his apostles .
Church law states that only a baptized male can be made a priest .
Proponents of women ’s ordination say Christ was only acting according to the social norms of his time .
They cite the letters of Saint Paul , some of the earliest texts of Christianity , to show that women played important roles in the early church .
Attempts to ordain women priests are highly unusual .
But the archbishop of St. Louis earlier this year declared three women excommunicated after an ordination ceremony in his diocese .
Excommunication is usually “ ferendae sententiae ” , imposed as punishment .
But some offences , including heresy , schism , and laying violent hands on the Pope , are considered so disruptive of ecclesiastical life that they trigger automatic excommunication , or “ latae sententiae ” .
The decree says that women priests and the bishops who ordain them would be excommunicated “ latae sententiae ” .
This was the same excommunication invoked against a renegade African archbishop who also broke Vatican rules when he ordained four married men bishops in 2006 .
The archbishop , Emmanuel Milingo , made world headlines in 2001 for getting married himself in Reverend Sun Myung Moon ’s Unification Church at a mass wedding in a New York hotel .
His union was never recognized by the Catholic Church .
Twitter : @kinaba
12:43 08/04/19
ろんぶん
CIAA 2008 通ったらしい。 ( * AUTHORS *) さんの論文 ( * TITLE * ) が accept されましたっていう テンプレート埋まってないぞ感バリバリのメールが来ました。 初 LNCS ですドキドキです 。
Inorder , no stack
ときどきの雑記帖 i戦士篇
正直そこまで面白いこと書いてない気がするんですが 適当に解説にトライ。 問題は、二分木をinorderでたどったリストを返す関数…要するにこれ
inorder (t ) = if t == null then [ ] else inorder ( t.left ) ++ [ t.value ] ++ inorder ( t.right )
を 「再帰なし、自分でスタック作るのもなし、各ノードにboolフラグ足すのもなし」で実装せよ、というもの。
わりとよく知られてる手続き型の解があるんですけど、それを、できるだけ純粋関数型の範囲で
プログラムの変形手続きで導出しよう。
１ステップ目。これがキーアイデア。 inorder( t.left ) ++ [ t.value ] ++ inorder ( t.right ) は、 inorder ( t. left の右下端に {left=null , value=t.value , right=t.right} をくっつけた木 ) と等しい 。
inorder (t ) = if t == null then [ ] else if t. left == null then [ t.value ] ++ inorder ( t.right ) else inorder ( join ( t.left , build ( null,t.value,t.right ) ) )
build は引 数３つから木のノードを作る関数。これは再帰してない。 join は木の右下端に別の木をくっつける関数。これは普通にやると実装に再帰が必要なので、まだダメ。 この join をなんとかして消さないといけません 。
２ステップ目。それはそれとして、とりあえず末尾再帰にしてみた。
inorder (t , S= [ ] ) = if t == null then S else if t. left == null then inorder ( t.right , S++[t.value ] ) else inorder ( join ( t.left , build ( null,t.value , t.right ) ) , S )
３ステップ目。joinを消すための前準備として、ノードの「右側の子」を得る操作を、
直接 t.right と書くんじゃなくて、関数としてパラメタライズしてみる。デフォルトは普通に.rightを返す処理。
inorder (t , S= [ ] , rt=( fun p -> p.right ) ) = if t == null then S else if t. left == null then inorder ( rt(t ) , S++[ t.value ] , rt ) else inorder ( join ( t.left , build ( null, t.value , rt ( t ) ) ) , S , rt )
４ステップ目。join( l , r ) ってのは「l の一番右端のノードの " right " が r を指すようにする 」 という処理でした。 今" right " を取得する部分を関数でパラメタライズしてあるので、そこをいじれば、 実際のjoin処理なしで、巧くごまかしてやることができます。
具体的には、rt の代わりに「l の一番右端の子孫が引数に渡されたら r を返す。それ以外の場合はrtと同じに 振る舞う 」 という関数を渡してやればOK 。
inorder (t , S= [ ] , rt=( fun p -> p.right ) ) = if t == null then S else if t. left == null then inorder ( rt (t ) , S++[t.value ] , rt ) else let p = rightmost ( t.left ) in inorder ( t.left , S , rt[p=>build(null,t.value , rt( t ) ) ] ) where rightmost ( p ) = if rt ( p ) ==null then p else rightmost ( rt ( p ) ) rt[p => q ] = ( fun t -> if t==p then q else rt ( t ) )
これでjoinはinorderの中に溶け込んで消えてしまいました。使われている再帰関数（inorder , rightmost）は どちらも末尾再帰なので、これで 「 再帰なし 」は実現できたと言っていいでしょう。
まだ問題なのが引数 rt で、これ、木を一段降りるたびに build ( null , t.value , rt(t ) ) っていう情報を 内部に蓄えてってるんですよね。要するにスタックじゃん。てことで、次はbuildを消します。
５ステップ目。build(null,t.value , rt(t ) ) って、left が null なの以外は t と同じです。 なので基本的には inorder ( t.left , S , rt[p= >t ] ) こうしちゃう方針でbuildを消していきます。
ただし、本当にそれだけやると無限ループするので、「rtをいじってできたrightmost(t.left)--->tの辺を
たどってtに戻ってきたときは、leftには進まない」ように工夫します。
inorder (t , S= [ ] , rt=( fun p -> p.right ) ) = if t == null then S else if t. left == null then inorder ( rt (t ) , S++[ t.value ] , rt ) else let p = rightmost ( t. left ) in if rt( p ) == t then -- ループ時はleft==nullの時と同じ inorder ( rt(t ) , S++[ t.value ] , rt ) else inorder ( t.left , S , rt [ p=>t ] ) where rightmost ( p ) = if rt ( p ) ==null || rt( p ) ==t then p else rightmost ( rt ( p ) ) rt[p => q ] = ( fun t -> if t==p then q else rt ( t ) )
６ステップ目。ちょっと証明（と手続き型的に考える時）の都合により、
リストと一緒に終了時のrtも返すようにします。あと、ループから戻った時にrtを元に戻すようにします。 inorder列挙処理自体にはあんまり関係ありません。
inorder (t , S= [ ] , rt=( fun p -> p.right ) ) = if t == null then ( rt , S ) else if t. left == null then inorder ( rt (t ) , S++[ t.value ] , rt ) else let p = rightmost ( t. left ) in if rt( p ) == t then -- ループ時はleft==nullの時と同じ inorder ( rt(t ) , S++[ t.value ] , rt [ p=> null ] ) else inorder ( t.left , S , rt [ p= > t ] ) where rightmost ( p ) = if rt ( p ) ==null || rt( p ) ==t then p else rightmost ( rt ( p ) ) rt[p => q ] = ( fun t -> if t==p then q else rt ( t ) )
これで変形終わり。純粋関数型ゾーン終わり。
で、何？
詳細は略しますが、スライドに書いてあるようにやると、
このアルゴリズムが無限ループしないでちゃんと停止することと、終了時の rt が ( fun p->p.right ) と 関数として等しいことが示せるそうです。
最終形は 、 「 末尾再帰をループに展開 」 「rt の仮想的な変更を、実際の破壊的なポインタ差し替えに変更」を 機械的に実行すると、こんな風な手続き型プログラムになります。
inorder ( t ) = S = [ ] while t != null : if t. left == null : t = t.right S << t.value else : -- p = rightmost ( t.left ) p = t.left while p.right ! =null && p.right !=t : p = p.right if p.right == t : t = t.right S << t.value p.right = null -- rt[ p= > null ] else : t = t.left p.right = t -- rt[ p=>t ] return S
これが完成系。これで、再帰無しスタック無しフラグ無しinorder列挙ができました。
関数型バージョンで証明された「 終了時の rt が ( fun p->p.right ) と関数として等しい」をこっちに当てはめると、
「 色々ポインタ書き換えながら実行してるけど、最後は元通りにちゃんと戻してるよ」ということが証明されてる ことになります。
At 12:01 a.m. on April 7 , 1933 , sirens , fire alarms and train whistles shrieked .
In Chicago , harried bartenders scrambled to serve crowds that stood 12 deep .
At Pabst Brewing Co. in Milwaukee , thousands of onlookers cheered as company employees hoisted barrels and crates onto trucks .
About 800 people stood in the rain outside the White House , watching as a man hopped out of his vehicle and unloaded two cases of beer .
Secret Service agents accepted the goods , a gift for the chief executive from one of the nation ’s brewers .
“ President Roosevelt , ” read a sign on the side of the truck , “ the first real beer is yours . ”
After 13 dry years , legal beer had returned to the United States .
It may seem silly to commemorate that day ’s 75th anniversary .
After all , it ’s only beer , and we ’ve got bigger things to think about .
War. Global warming .
Soaring gas prices .
Crashing home prices .
But that ’s all the more reason to celebrate .
We could use a reminder of the way action inspires hope , and hope inspires action .
In early 1933 , the height of the Depression , nearly 25 % of adults in this country were out of work .
Foreclosure and bankruptcy plagued every community .
A cascade of bank failures had destroyed the savings of millions of people .
Children skipped school for lack of clothes and shoes .
Men and women stood in soup lines , and the homeless and jobless marched in angry protests .
On March 4 , President Franklin D. Roosevelt was inaugurated .
He had campaigned on the promise of a “ new deal ” to repair the economy , a vague plan that was short on specifics but long on ambition .
But he had also made one definite pledge : to repeal Prohibition .
Advertisement
Today , we look back on Prohibition as an exercise in temporary insanity , but the 13 - year experiment in sobriety was rooted in our quintessentially American faith that we can perfect the world .
A broad cross section of people -- men and women , urban and rural , young and old -- supported the ban on alcohol because they believed that it would reduce crime , alleviate poverty , strengthen the family and nurture a more perfect union .
That lofty vision collapsed under the weight of reality .
Prohibition spawned an underground economy devoted to making , shipping and selling booze .
The officials trying to enforce it earned more from bribes , kickbacks and the resale of confiscated alcohol than from their meager salaries .
The poison of such corruption permeated daily life .
It undermined respect for the Prohibition amendment and , by extension , for the Constitution itself .
Worse , Americans realized that in banning the production of alcoholic beverages , one of the nation ’s largest and most heavily taxed industries , they had closed the spigot on a significant source of both jobs and revenue .
By the early 1930s , most Americans were done with the experiment .
Emboldened by Roosevelt ’s election , “ wet ” members of the lame - duck 72nd Congress managed to pass a repeal amendment just days before FDR took office .
But two - thirds of the states had to ratify the measure -- a process that would take months .
So on March 13 , the president asked Congress to legalize beer right away .
The plan was elegant in its simplicity .
The 18th Amendment merely banned “ alcoholic ” beverages ; it did not identify what those were .
That was spelled out in the Volstead Act , which defined an “ alcoholic ” and “ intoxicating ” drink as one containing more than 0.5 % alcohol .
Solution : Rewrite Volstead to categorize “ nonintoxicating ” beverages as ones containing up to 3.2 % alcohol -- the same as most pre-Prohibition beer .
Brewers could reopen their doors , hire workers and start paying $ 5 a barrel in federal taxes .
( Winemakers and distillers would have to wait eight months for the ratification of the 21st Amendment .
Even the most creative congressman had trouble labeling 80 - proof spirits as “ nonintoxicating . ” )
Advertisement
Versions of that plan had been proposed and defeated in every Congress since 1920 , but Roosevelt gambled that he would succeed where others had failed .
It was not the only risk he would take .
A few days earlier , he ’d asked the nation ’s remaining banks to temporarily shut their doors , knowing that might spark more panic .
The economic chaos had spawned cynicism , hopelessness and , above all , fear .
Roosevelt believed that bold leadership and decisive action would nurture trust , that trust would inspire hope and that hope would move the nation .
But many of FDR ’s economic proposals bred their own stew of unease ; no one knew , for example , if the bank holiday would succeed or provoke yet another financial crisis .
The beer bill , in contrast , offered comfort because it would ignite an immediate , predictable and positive result : jobs and tax revenues .
Congress heeded the call .
On March 22 , FDR signed a bill legalizing 3.2 % beer .
Within two days , brewers in Milwaukee had hired 600 workers .
Beer makers in New York announced plans to spend $ 22 million refurbishing their dilapidated plants .
Detroit automakers scrambled to supply brewers and their wholesalers with $ 15 million in new cars and trucks .
In the 48 hours after the beer taps opened April 7 , brewers paid $ 10 million in federal , state and municipal taxes ( $ 155 million in today ’s dollars ) .
Beer alone would not undo the economic disaster or heal the nation ’s spiritual malaise .
But at a moment of despair , FDR ’s words and actions inspired Americans to believe the country could steer a new course .
Over the next few months , the president proposed , Congress approved and millions cooperated in implementing a host of innovative ( and untested ) projects designed to prime the economic pump and get people back to work .
Advertisement
So today , let ’s take a moment to honor the day hope arrived in a glass .
We have assigned a product manager to discuss IBM WebSphere Portal integration with your technical lead .
And the VP of Marketing needs to talk to you .
We have made a commitment to all - singing , all - dancing web services and he needs a forty - minute presentation explaining how your project will be implemented with web services throughout .
You look pale .
Is there a problem ?
A software manager is brought into a doomed project .
It is hopelessly behind , the requirements have changed so often they are now kept on a white board instead of in a document , and the office is wallpapered with Dilbert cartoons .
She ’s replacing the previous manager , who has resigned .
When she gets to her new office , her predecessor is clearing out her desk .
“ I ’ll only be a minute .
By the way , I left you something ” says the old manager before leaving .
After the predecessor leaves , the new manager has a look around , and discovers two envelopes in the top drawer of the desk .
The first envelope is labeled “ Open when in trouble . ”
The second is labeled “ Open when in even more trouble .
” Well , she researches anti-patterns in software project management , has a look around , talks to everyone , identifies the key players , and goes to management with a clear explanation of what the problems are , what ’s realistic to achieve , and what needs to be done .
To her surprise , management seems to go along with things and tells her to make whatever changes she needs .
She institutes daily builds , stand up meetings , rapid iterations , and starts tracking velocity .
Two months later , at the quarterly review , she presents her progress .
The team is producing at 200 % of the previous rate , morale is up , and they ’re going to get 80 % of the previous functionality done with less than 90 days of slip off the impossible schedule .
There is silence , then management tells her that this is unacceptable .
Sure , they agreed she could institute change .
That ’s her job .
However they did not approve any compromise in scope or delivery date .
This is a competitive business , and there are thousands of qualified managers looking for a job who can come in and get things done .
Does she want to admit she ca n’t do her job ?
She goes back to her office in a quandary , then remembers the first envelope .
Wordlessly , she opens it , and inside there is a three by five card inscribed : Blame Me .
She goes back to management a day later with a powerpoint emphasizing how the project was way off track , how the architecture was fubar , how morale was poor , and how requirements were incorrectly documented .
She does n’t blame the previous manager directly , but she does identify various management techniques and “ best practices ” that were not enforced prior to her joining the project .
She says she will work the team to hit the date , but she demonstrates how commitments made by the previous manager were done without actually checking to see whether the team could deliver or making any changes to actually hit the new dates .
After some huffing and puffing , management buys off on delivering 80 % of the promised functionality with a 45 day slip in the delivery date .
Whew !
Well , things go along quite well until two weeks before the original due date .
Management calls her in and asks her to sit on the release planning board , there will be a major customer release in two weeks .
She reminds them of the 45 day slip they negotiated .
“ No , ” they tell her baldly , “ We agreed on delivering 80 % of the functionality on the original date and the remaining 20 % of the functionality 45 days later in release 1.1 .
Furthermore , we are entering into a strategic agreement with IBM and have assigned a product manager to discuss IBM WebSphere Portal integration with your technical lead .
And the VP of Marketing needs to talk to you .
We have made a strategic corporate commitment to all - singing , all - dancing web services and he needs a forty - minute presentation explaining how your project will be implemented with web services throughout .
You look pale .
Is there a problem ? ”
She leaves the meeting aghast .
Well , it ’s back to her office and she opens the second envelope with shaking hands .
The advice on the card is of little comfort : Cercner gjb rairybcrf
This story is often told about baseball manager Billy Martin .
He managed the Yankees five different times , because he was prepared to be fired when things did n’t work out .
The moral of the story :
Do the very best you can .
Do so because YOU want to do so , regardless of whether you will succeed or not .
Regardless of how dysfunctional your organization is , hold your head up and stay true to your values .
Give them at least two chances to change .
Do what you can to help them change .
But if they do not change , move on with dignity .
Update : Someone suggested that the ability to quit your job is a luxury .
I do n’t like to use that word , because it suggests that the job itself is a luxury .
It is possible that the pay cheque is a luxury , but for people who are engaged in their careers , the job is a necessity because their self - actualization depends on doing a good job .
When you put it that way , the question becomes whether people have the luxury of remaining in a job where they do n’t feel good about themselves and what they do .p.s.
Yes , she ’s actually a woman .
Which is why I used the word “ she . ”
When I told my children we were going to stop buying plastic packaging until further notice , they did n't bat an eyelid .
We had been looking at the front page story in The Independent last month which revealed that a " plastic soup " twice the size of the US was floating around in the Pacific Ocean .
" Why do n't we give it up for Lent ? " suggested my eight - year - old , Joel , and my daughters agreed .
( Although my youngest , Alice , confided in me later that she would find a shortage of yoghurt for 40 days quite challenging .
I promised her I 'd make some . )
What they , and I , did n't know was what an impact a plastic ban would have on everyday life in our family of five .
I 'm not talking about refusing plastic bags : I 've been doing that for years .
No , this pledge meant every food item I normally bought for my family would be scrutinised for plastic .
Recycled and recyclable cardboard , jars , tins and glass bottles I deemed acceptable ; anything made of or containing plastic or some other unrecyclable material would be rejected .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The 10 - metre deep vortex of plastic rubbish highlighted by The Independent was first discovered by a sailor , Charles Moore , in 1997 .
It is now the largest mass of rubbish in the world , totalling an estimated 100 million tonnes , and kills hundreds of thousands of birds and animals every year , as well as introducing toxic waste into the food chain .
Some of the plastic in this giant swirling rubbish dump has been there for 50 years , as it does not biodegrade ; toothbrushes , Lego and cigarette lighters are just some of the items that have been found in the stomachs of fish and seabirds .
Plastic is believed to constitute 90 per cent of all rubbish floating in the oceans : the UN Environment Programme estimated in 2006 that every square mile of ocean contains 46,000 pieces of the stuff .
The next day – Ash Wednesday , the beginning of Lent – was my first foray into a supermarket with the intention of buying only unpackaged foods , or at least foods that were not encased in plastic .
Yes , I know that for anyone with a modicum of environmental awareness , supermarkets are not the place to shop .
But between them , Asda , Morrison , Tesco and Sainsbury 's account for three quarters of our grocery shopping in the UK .
My aim was to see how easy it would be as an " average " shopper to reduce the amount of packaging I bought , and Tesco was my first port of call .
My first realisation was that much organic fruit and veg is actually more packaged than non-organic , so it was back to standard loose potatoes , apples and oranges and the rest .
After five minutes in the fruit and veg aisle , my trolley was beginning to look like a greengrocer 's barrow , with things I might – in the past – have bought in a bag , rolling around in a riot of colour .
It looked great to me but I noticed I was getting a few funny looks as I strolled around closely examining packets , shaking and replacing them , with apples , apricots , avocadoes , potatoes and pears parading in all their naked glory in my trolley .
One disappointment was that the paper mushroom bag had a plastic insert – another example of thoughtless over - design .
I left the dairy aisles almost empty - handed :
All the cheeses were in plastic wrapping – some unnecessarily on plastic trays inside plastic wraps .
I settled for an organic cheddar in a sort of greaseproof paper printed with trees , figuring ( hoping ) that it must be bio- degradable and making a note to self to check when I got home .
Out went margarine or spreadable butter in favour of a paper wrapped block of butter – easy .
No yoghurts today , though .
Tins of tomatoes and beans were OK but jars turned out to be a different matter .
Yes , the glass can be recycled , but all those lids !
Some were tin , which I could recycle with the cans , but an amazing number of lids are plastic .
To add insult , many jars also have a " tamperproof " plastic seal around the lid .
Lids on plastic bottles and Tetrapaks were all plastic , so there could be no squash or juice for the kids in that form – or milk .
How would I get round that one ?
Porridge oats in a 75 per cent recycled cardboard box were the only cereal item without a plastic inner bag , so in they went .
Porridge is a staple breakfast in my house anyway , but I wondered how soon the children would get bored of it without the odd morning of cornflakes or Rice Krispies .
Eggs were the answer .
My usual seeded brown bread in a plastic bag was replaced by a French stick in a paper bag , as well as some flour so we could bake our own .
But when I got to the frozen section I realised things were getting tricky .
No frozen peas or sweetcorn – my handy vegetables of choice when the kids are hungry and I have to whip up a meal fast .
I vowed to buy fresh peas and corn from the local grocer , where I could top up my meagre haul with cucumbers , lettuce and other salad items that were not tightly bandaged in plastic .
At the checkout , the sulky teenager did n't bother to hide his annoyance as new potatoes and satsumas rolled off the weighing area .
A couple of days later , I found the same problems in Asda and Morrisons , leaving with a small bag of non-packaged goods to fill some gaps in my food stash .
By this time , I confess , I had given up on finding milk without a plastic lid and bought some ( although my research had revealed that some milk companies are planning to drop the handle on pint and two pint plastic bottles in favour of a more lightweight design ) .
Just as , sometimes , you split up with a partner and then find that every song you hear on the radio is a love song , so I found that now I was trying to avoid plastic it was everywhere I looked .
So I changed my shopping habits radically .
Carrying my organic cotton bag around with me I became a much more random , opportunist shopper .
In the Co-op next to my children 's school , I nipped in when I spotted an unwrapped cucumber .
I bought cheese wrapped in paper at the deli down the road and took the kids to the proper greengrocers , who were happy to tip everything into my bag .
I ordered a local organic vegetable and fruit box with earth still caked to its cargo and cooked vegetables I would n't normally buy such as turnips and celeriac .
By the end of week one I had already fallen off the plastic wagon : an unforeseen shortage meant a visit to our corner shop for recycled toilet rolls – wrapped in plastic that was " recyclable where facilities exist " .
I gave the kids money for ice creams that lovely sunny weekend as we lounged on the beach and they came back with ice lollies wrapped in plastic– did n't they used to be wrapped in paper ?
One day , I also bought a replacement toothbrush for my husband .
Maybe I could have found an alternative , but I did n't have masses of time left over that day .
By the start of week two , the kids , to their credit , had n't complained about the relentless porridge breakfast diet .
But the cats slunk off in disgust when I produced boxed cat crunchies instead of their usual veterinary approved stuff in a big bag .
My larder of existing food was looking depleted , but I was determined to improve on the previous week .
My children 's school ( Brighton Steiner School ) has a policy of no pre-packaged food in lunchboxes , so there was no big change in their lunches .
The school even has a dry wholefood goods shop .
I ordered in bulk to save packaging .
I also wrote something in the school 's weekly newsletter mentioning the " plastic soup " and asking for tips .
A few parents got in touch : one told me she and her partner had not shopped in a supermarket ( bar the more ethically minded Co- op ) for three years .
A friend told me that when she stopped buying fruit and veg in plastic , she was able to put out just one carrier bag of rubbish per week – not bad for a family of four – and that she was getting rid of things such as bubblewrap and jiffy bags through the community swapping website , Freecycle .
Ten days into my crusade , I felt I was making a ( small ) difference .
My children were enjoying cooking with me more , making different types of bread and experimental cakes .
My husband even offered to make pasta ( but the pasta cutter had rusted . )
I asked several food companies whether I could recycle their packaging and was mostly fobbed off with the reply that yes it was recyclable " where facilities exist " .
They do n't .
Not where I live , anyway .
I phoned the local council and the " household waste depot " and was told that only plastic bottles could be taken there for recycling .
What is so frustrating is there are so many types of plastic packaging which seemingly can't be easily recycled .
Only the simplest , marked " PET 1 " on most plastic bottles , is taken by kerbside recyclers .
Why has plastic become so widespread as a packaging material ?
All food manufacturers I contacted gave the same reason : plastic has proved the most successful material for wrapping food because it keeps it fresh and is durable enough to prevent leaks and spills during transportation .
Longer distances between food producers and consumers have led to a greater demand for packaging , as has the increase in working families , the spread of microwaves and freezers .
Insufficient packaging is a major contributor to food waste .
A shocking statistic from the Industry Council for Packaging and the Environment is that more than six million tonnes of food from UK households alone goes to waste each year .
The British Plastics Federation , making the case for plastic , says that in Britain , where use of plastic is widespread , food waste accounts for just 3 per cent of food produced – compared with 40 per cent in the developing world .
Meanwhile , plastic is clearly ingrained in British consumers ' buying habits and is unlikely to disappear overnight – or not until the oil runs out , anyway .
But alternatives do exist : London Bio Packaging is one of a handful of new companies that manufacture packaging made from plant materials which breaks down in compost or landfill within six to eight weeks .
Charlie Vaughan - Lee , a director , told me that , having started up two years ago , the company now has 650 companies using its biodegradable packaging , with many London offices using the compostable cornstarch coffee cups .
Mr Vaughan - Lee named M&S as one company that is proactively working to reduce packaging and , on a visit to Sainsbury 's , I discovered that most of its So Organic range of fruit and vegetables uses compostable packaging .
There are also a number of organisations – among them Wrap and Waste Watch – that encourage consumer brands to embrace recycled and biodegradable materials , while the plastics waste management industry has set itself the task of moving towards more environmentally sound practices with its organisation Recoup .
As for us , by week four of our experiment we have got used to living without some things , and I am putting aside more time to make staple items such as bread and yoghurt from scratch .
On day 32 , however , two of my kids tell me that there has n't been enough in their lunch boxes all that week .
I feel terrible and , looking at my vastly depleted larder , I realise there just are n't enough of the everyday things I have taken for granted for so long .
A new Lidl has opened near the school and , that day , I give myself permission to buy some of the children 's favourite things .
It feels like Christmas as I put frozen peas and a big block of emmental into my basket , then choose some breakfast cereal they have n't had for a month .
I also treat myself to some feta .
As I pack away my haul with at least five or six plastic packaged items , I feel that I have in some way failed .
But I also know that my buying habits are unlikely to change back to the way they were before .
I have already proved that I can't live 100 per cent without plastic .
Maybe 98 per cent will do for now .
Plastic : the facts
* Packaging represents the largest single sector of plastics use in the UK , accounting for 35 per cent of UK plastics consumption .
Plastic is the material of choice in nearly half of all packaged goods .
* Packaging accounts for 60 per cent of household waste , and 11 per cent of household waste is plastic , 40 per cent of which is plastic bottles .
* On average , every household uses 500 plastic bottles each year , of which just 130 are recycled .
The UK disposes of an estimated 13 billion plastic bottles per year .
* According to a 2001 Environment Agency report , 80 per cent of post - consumer plastic waste is sent to landfill , 8 per cent is incinerated and only 7 per cent is recycled .
* More than 80 per cent of plastic is used once and then thrown into landfill sites .
More than 60 per cent of litter on beaches is plastic .
* We produce and use 20 times more plastic today than we did 50 years ago
* Plastics consumption is growing about 4 per cent every year in western Europe
* Plastic food packaging uses about 4 per cent of all crude oil .
* Reprocessor demand for plastics outstrips supply three times over
Sources : FOE , Waste Online , Recoup , BPF
Lee Rogers
IntelStrike
April 24 , 2008
The blurring of lines between crime and terrorism continues .
According to section 802 of the Patriot Act , minor criminal offenses can be interpreted as terrorism by government officials .
The recent implementation of Operation Sudden Impact in Memphis and surrounding areas had various people from federal , state and local law enforcement agencies go on a fishing expedition searching for terrorists .
The operation resulted in the issuance of several traffic tickets , the confiscation of a small amount of drugs but failed to catch any terrorists .
It was nothing more than a martial law training operation because the real terrorists are actually funded by high level government black operations .
The U.S. House of Representatives last year passed HR 1955 the Violent Radicalization and Homegrown Terrorism Prevention
Act of 2007 which if gets signed into law will give the government a blank check to potentially classify certain belief systems as terrorism .
As horrible as all of these things are , we now have a candidate running for Sheriff in Florida ’s Orange County using the slogan “ Crime is Terrorism ” .
Malone Stewart proudly displays this slogan on his web site and in his campaign signs .
There is no question that the lines between criminality and terrorism are quickly being erased and if this continues the government will just accuse people who do n’t like what they are doing of being terrorists and haul them away to FEMA run death camps .
Below is a photo of one of Mr. Stewart ’s campaign signs a reader sent to us which shows clearly that he is running his campaign using the slogan “ Crime is Terrorism ” .
Obviously crime is not terrorism , but if we have people in positions of authority that buy into the terror war fraud and believe that crime is terrorism , we are in a great deal of trouble .
The Military Commissions
Act which was passed into law in 2006 allows the government to strip people of their citizenship and hold them indefinitely with no due process if they are accused of being a terrorist .
What better way to hold American citizens who are protesting against the government than by utilizing the powers in the Military Commissions
Act combined with what ’s in the Patriot Act and eventually with what ’s in HR 1955 .
Assuming HR 1955 gets passed , the government will literally have the power to jail American citizens indefinitely for having a belief system that the government disapproves of .
Mr. Stewart ’s campaign slogan automatically disqualifies him from being taken seriously as a candidate for Sheriff .
The war on terror is a fraud designed to setup a police state and to get everybody spying on one another with the notion that everybody is a potential terrorist .
It is clear that Mr. Stewart has bought into this idea with this ridiculous campaign slogan .
If anybody reading this resides in Florida ’s Orange County we encourage you not to support this man for Sheriff .
Crime is not terrorism .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Nursing has meaning , then managers come along with performance targets
A POINT OF VIEW
It pays the mortgage and gets you up in the morning , but these days workers want more from a job - they want meaning .
Just do n't go looking for it , says Lucy Kellaway .
Not long ago a man came to our house to unblock the drain .
He peered into the stinking manhole , stirred the sewage with a stick and gleefully pronounced that there were several months of back - up in there .
He then got to work with a rod and a plunger , and finally with a high - pressure hose - which sent the filthy , stinking mess flying into his face and all over the garden .
While he toiled he cracked jokes , gave me a lesson in the engineering of Victorian drains , and eventually , having cleared the blockage and tidied up as best he could , he got into his van , whistling to himself as he drove away .
We start to demand that our work has a larger meaning .
This almost always ends badly , meaning is a bit like happiness - the more you go out looking for it the less you find
Hear Radio 4's A Point of View Since then I 've kept thinking of this contented sewage man , and wondering what exactly it was that he got from his job that so many people doing grander and cleaner ones do n't seem to get from theirs .
It strikes me that we are in the middle of an epidemic of meaninglessness at work .
Bankers , lawyers , and senior managers are increasingly asking themselves what on earth their jobs mean , and finding it hard to come up with an answer .
As the agony aunt on the Financial Times I get asked all the time by successful professionals - what is it all about ?
The Austrian psychiatrist Viktor Frankl would n't have been in the least surprised by this .
In 1946 he wrote Man's Search for Meaning in which he argued that that our deepest hankerings are not - as Freud thought - of a sexual nature , but are a lust for purpose in life .
Frankl spent five years in Nazi prison camps and during that time he worked out that there are three paths to meaning - work , love and suffering .
Gordon Brown , a man who has been doing a certain amount of suffering of late , seems to think that the answer is to strive harder .
In a speech last week he said " I aspire for everyone to reach for the light - their ambition .
Very simply , I aspire to create an opportunity - rich country where everyone can get on and get up in the lives we live .
Never to level down , always to lift up . "
Stamp of approval
This does n't sound much more profound than James Brown 's song Sex Machine - Fellas , I 'm ready to get up and do my thing - get on up .
' Get up , get on up ' - the Browns ' approach to work
It 's also dreadfully bad advice , as Brown should know from personal experience .
For all those years when Tony Blair was at Number 10 , Brown reached for his ambition - but now that he has got on and got up , has he found the light ?
No , it seems to me that the poor man is floundering around in the dark .
This does n't mean that ambition is a mistake ; it is just that there is no magic to advancement per se .
The status and the money go up , but that 's it .
And then , beset by affluence and by introspection we start to demand that our work has a larger meaning .
This almost always ends badly : meaning is a bit like happiness - the more you go out looking for it the less you find .
So where is the real meaning at work ?
Last week I put the question to various people - starting with our postman .
Do you think your job has meaning , I asked him , as he stuffed a fistful of junk mail through our tiny letter box .
He looked at me and shrugged .
" I 'm trying to pay the bills " .
Getting paid to do a job is surely the most important sort of meaning there is .
Earning enough money to feed and house one 's family might be at the bottom of Maslow 's hierarchy of needs , but the rest of the edifice depends on having this solid base .
Is the job sick ?
As for the work itself , the postman said : " It 's not the best job in the world , but I try to keep cheerful .
I 've always said that if you are unhappy at work , there must be something wrong somewhere else in your life . "
A meaningful job ?
Sometimes it 's just about paying the bills
He may have been on to something here .
In the last few months three people with grand jobs have been involved in three horrible , violent ends .
Mark Saunders , a successful barrister , was killed in a police shoot out ; Mike Todd the chief constable of Greater Manchester police force was found dead on a hill , gin bottle by his side .
And last summer the insurance millionaire Alberto Izaga , suffered a shocking breakdown and ended up beating his two - year - old daughter to death .
It is tempting to conclude - as many columnists have - that there is something about the intolerable stress and emptiness of these top positions that lead people to breaking point .
The jobs are sick and they are making us sick too .
Possibly ; but overall , I 'm with the postman , in thinking that such problems come from us .
I do n't believe that these jobs are terribly sick .
Instead , these were three unrelated personal tragedies that tell us nothing about work at all .
My search for meaning - and for a pint of milk - then took me to the Turkish corner shop where I asked my question to the man behind the counter .
He was looking tired : his shop is open fifteen hours a day so one might think he had no time for meaning .
But he said there was a lot of meaning in what he did .
" I make a living and I like the people who come to my shop . " he said .
Parenting craft A good point , too .
According to a recent survey of work place satisfaction , liking one 's work - mates is as important as money in persuading people not to quit .
Simply by being friendly and chatting by the coffee machine one is creating meaning ... of a sort , which , given how much chatting I do , is quite a comforting thought .
When you have spent a couple of days changing nappies and grilling fish fingers , to be surrounded by adults who do n't want their bottoms wiped seems pretty meaningful
The shopkeeper also said he liked the work itself - he takes pleasure in stacking his tiny premises so high with goods that he has just the thing you want when you find the cupboard is bare at 10 pm .
It 's hard running a successful corner shop , and he 's good at it .
According to Richard Sennett 's new book , The Craftsman , this ability to master a skill and then practice it well satisfies a basic human need .
For Sennett , a craftsman does n't have to make beautiful inlaid cabinets or chisel stone .
He could be a software programmer , a cook or even a parent .
This satisfaction in the job itself seems to me the best sort of meaning there is .
As a journalist , I survive on those rare jolts of pleasure that come when you find just the right words and get them together in just the right order .
Yet this sort of " craft " meaning is n't open to everyone .
Shoving junk mail though letter boxes is n't a craft .
Neither , at the other end of the spectrum , is being prime minister .
Indeed no jobs that involve managing or leading are crafts , which is one of the things that makes it so particularly hard for managers to find meaning in what they do .
Peace with pointlessness
In fact managing is one of the most thankless jobs in the world .
What managers are mainly trying to do is to get other people to do things that they do n't want to .
To work harder , for a start .
Their other primary function is to carry the can , and to get blamed for all sorts of things that probably are n't their fault .
Not only are they creating little meaning for themselves , they get blamed for destroying meaning for people below them .
The craft of making people happy ... through chocolate Sennett describes how the craft of doctors and nurses is spoilt by NHS managers and their punishing targets .
Teachers bleat endlessly that government guidelines are taking all the joy out of teaching .
The other day an RAC man changed my tyre , which he accomplished in about three minutes , and spent the next 10 jabbing data into a hand held computer .
He told me that this new bureaucracy had destroyed his pleasure in the job - a complaint echoed by most workers in most jobs .
The meetings , the second guessing , the pointless duplication , the politics , we all moan .
Just let us do the damned job .
In some ways I 'm with the managers , or I would be if they did n't so often make such a hash of it .
Hospitals and schools both need targets .
Businesses , including the RAC , need to be run efficiently .
People hate change , we naturally suspect all new ways of doing things , we scream that the purpose in the job is going , but that 's too bad .
Maybe the best way of dealing with pointlessness at work is not to worry too much about it .
An acquaintance in advertising tells me how one day he and his colleagues were agonizing over a tiny nuance in a script for a radio commercial .
Suddenly he had a jolt of realisation : this was utterly pointless .
Since then he has made his peace with the meaninglessness of what he does , and enjoys the job rather more as a result .
Another way of finding work more meaningful is to do less of it .
Last week the government extended its plans for flexible working to make it easier for parents to work part time .
When I worked a three day week I found the meaning of work was complemented by the meaning of looking after children .
Or rather , that each provided a refuge from the meaninglessness of the other .
When you have spent a couple of days changing nappies and grilling fish fingers , to be surrounded by adults who do n't want their bottoms wiped seems pretty meaningful .
And by contrast , having half of one 's identity tied up in the rearing of children means that one places fewer impossible demands on the job itself .
A final way of gaining meaning at work is also on the rise : and that is the threat of redundancy .
As a result of the credit crunch 55,000 financial sector jobs have already been lost , and more losses are to come .
While being fired is the ultimate sign that one 's job was meaningless , the relief of escaping the axe could make one so grateful to have work , that one stops asking oneself such awkward questions .
Below is a selection of your comments :
Once again we 're left with blind optimism .
Why are we so terrified of admitting that our jobs really are pointless and meaningless ?
Because the prospect that we 've wasted so long , combined with the fact that we need to do something about it , is so terrifying .
Admit it .
Move on .
Do something worthwhile .
Work for your life , do n't live for your work .
Steven , Bristol I started working at a corner shop 3 1/ 2 years ago just to pay the bills and now if I take any time off I 'm surprised by how many customers say they miss me !
The job just pays the bills but it 's true the people who I serve ( save some unsavoury customers ) and work with make the job worthwhile .
-x -
Natalie Hornshaw , Hull , UK
What a patronising load of old twaddle .
Excuse me whilst I take a break from stuffing envelopes and build a pyramid to fulfil my ' craft ' urges
Steve Wenderby , Basingstoke I 'm a graduate , in my mid 30s .
I work in an area completely unrelated to my degree , on a helpline for people with mental health problems and their carers .
It can be intensely satisfying - people tell me that they did n't know where to turn , were at their wits ' end before they spoke to me - and utterly frustrating .
I know I am making a difference to people who may be at a very low point in their lives .
Yet other ( especially graduate ) friends of mine can't understand why I do n't want to be a high powered manager ; they earn twice , five times and even it one case 8 times as much as me .
I can , at least , feel that I 'm doing something worthwhile , rather than sitting in endless meetings and swimming in paperwork .
Miriam , Leeds
So get back to work plebs !
An article towing the corporate line but to be expected from someone deeply entrenched in the big business merry - go - round .
It 's a cop out to dismiss the demise of Saunders , Todd and Izaga as dysfunctional , isolated anomalies .
Potentially these were healthy human beings reduced by a soul sapping work life and it's irresponsible to disregard this possibility .
We wonder why there 's been such an increase in alcohol related hospital admittances in the last 10 years , not to mention the huge amount of cocaine consumed in the city each year .
We work too hard and are not afforded enough scope to be with our families and to be ourselves .
There are imbalances in the way that we live that this article seeks to sweep under the carpet , to maintain the status quo for the benefit of business .
Russell Brooks , London , UK could n't agree more .
I 've been in the Post Office for 32 years never than in the last 1 or 2 have I ever been so bogged done in measurement , performance targets , individual drivel and i AM THE MANAGER .
I used to believe that I was making a difference to people I worked with , managed and supplied a service for .
Now most of what I do is around meaningless measurement of what people do , in reality things they have been doing for years very well in fact , pointless meetings each day and week going on about seemingly nothing .
And then they make me work until 65 now as the present pension is meaningless !!
Paul Halsall , Southport I often feel bouts of meaningless at work .
However , thinking of the end goal and the reason for our project 's existence helps matters .
Working less ( say a four day week ) would be something to aspire to .
Sometimes I feel I suffer from cash rich and time poor syndrome .
DL , Zurich
This seems a really valid point and should be bought to greater attention , not so much the meaninglessness of what most of us do , that 's just going to be depressing .
rather were forgetting how to appreciate the smaller things in pursuit of greater things .
my 2 " cents "
Qas , UEA
The point of being a " craftsman " is that you do the job " right " .
You know when perfection is necessary - and also when pragmatism is not a problem .
Too often these days you get a culture where people follow a set of rigid rules without understanding the " principles " - or they are totally cavalier , as long as " it looks right " .
ChrisJK , UK
Two of the best pieces of careers advice I ever had were when I was at Sussex University .
First of all try to do what you enjoy doing .
Second , even if you win the rat race that still only makes you a rat .
John Airey , Peterborough , UK A very enjoyable , eloquent and succinct reason to " work to live " .
" Live to work " ... discuss !
David Mahoney , Lymington I really enjoyed short Lucy 's investigation in to the meaning of work and the ideas behind the search for meaning .
The ideas were wonderfully expressed and explored in this insightful programme .
Phil Whittaker , Tonbridge
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
By Maggie Shiels
BBC News , San Francisco
GM is among companies showing a keen interest in Web 2.0 Web 2.0 is set to be embraced by Enterprise 2.0 as businesses prepare to spend nearly $ 5 billion by 2013 on social networking tools .
Over half of the companies in North America and Europe see Web 2.0 as a priority for next year , a report says .
The news comes as San Francisco plays host to the Web 2.0 conference on next generation of the web .
" This is where we see the future of the web , " said conference co-chair Jennifer Pahlka .
" The companies making announcements here are building that future . "
Forrester , the research company which carried out the Web 2.0 survey , believes the technologies being developed and unveiled over the coming days represent " a fundamentally new way " for businesses to communicate with employees and customers .
Priority
The report found that consumer giants such as General Motors , McDonald's , Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance and Wells Fargo Bank will drive much of this growth and have already embraced tools like blogs , RSS feeds , podcasting and social networking .
Analyst Oliver Young estimates that another 56 % of North American and European companies regard Web 2.0 to be a priority in 2008 .
All Web 2.0 eyes are on San Francisco this week " If I wanted to be anywhere in the Web 2.0 economy , I 'd want to be on the enterprise side , " says Mr Young .
Forrester analysed seven Web 2.0 categories : blogs , mashups , podcasting , RSS , social networking , widgets and wikis .
Of these , social networks will attract the greatest levels of investment but even then that will be dwarfed by the multi million dollar revenues the software industry commands .
Mr Young says " Advertising revenue has been hard to come by with even sites such as Facebook finding it hard to monetise their high volumes of traffic .
" Companies are now looking over their shoulder to the business market where even revenues of $ 50 ( £ 25 ) per user per month are looking increasingly appealing "
He also points out that there will come a saturation point and investment will start to slow down as Web 2.0 applications become increasingly prevalent and absorbed into collaborative software packages .
' Disneyland for web nerds '
In the meantime , the world of business will get to see what is on offer in the Web 2.0 world as vendors take the wraps off a raft of products , services and applications during this week 's conference in San Francisco .
Everything from the latest in cloud computing to blogging software and from mobile technology to rich media applications will be on show .
With around 7,000 people expected to attend , some bloggers have already nicknamed the conference a " five - day retreat to the Disneyland for grown - up web nerds " .
Also taking part is a Web Mission from the UK which consists of more than 20 entrepreneurs looking to forge useful business connections and showcase British internet companies .
The businesses , which were selected from over 100 applicants , were chosen because they have the potential to expand into the US .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Foundations of Combinatorics with Applications
by
Edward A. Bender & S. Gill Williamson
Dover ( 2006 ) ISBN 0-486-44603-4
468 pages
Intended audience : Upper division / beginning graduate .
Some ability to construct proofs is assumed .
Background : Some familiarity with calculus and proofs is assumed .
Comments and errata are appreciated .
ebender@ucsd.edu
You may download a copy for personal use from this web page at no charge .
This material is intended for double sided reproduction .
All files start on a right hand page .
ps pdf Preface and Table of Contents
ps pdf Part I : Counting and Listing -- Introduction . . . page 1
ps pdf Chapter 1 : Basic Counting . . . page 3
ps pdf Chapter 2 : Functions . . . page 37
ps pdf Chapter 3 : Decision Trees . . . page 61
ps pdf Chapter 4 : Sieving Methods [ Symmetries and Inclusion - Exclusion ] . . . page 89
ps pdf Part II : Graph Theory -- Introduction . . . page 113
ps pdf Chapter 5 : Basic Concepts in Graph Theory . . . page 115
ps pdf Chapter 6 : A Sampler of Graph Topics . . . page 143
ps pdf Part III : Recursion -- Introduction . . . page 189
ps pdf Chapter 7 : Induction and Recursion . . . page 191
ps pdf Chapter 8 : Sorting Theory . . . page 219
ps pdf Chapter 9 : Rooted Plane Trees . . . page 239
ps pdf Part IV : Generating Functions -- Introduction . . . page 259
ps pdf Chapter 10 : Ordinary Generating Functions . . . page 261
ps pdf Chapter 11 : Generating Function Topics . . . page 297
ps pdf Appendices . . . page 351
Appendix A : Induction
Appendix B : Rates of Growth and Analysis of Algorithms
Appendix C : Basic Probability
Appendix D : Partial Fractions
ps pdf Solutions to Odd Exercises . . . page 383
ps pdf Index . . . page 449
The weakening US dollar is having a big effect on oil prices
Oil prices are hovering close to $ 115 a barrel , having crossed the record mark on Thursday after a US inventory report raised concerns about supplies .
US light , sweet crude oil pulled back slightly to $ 114.86 in New York from the previous day's $ 115.21 high .
Brent crude hit an all - time peak of $ 113.38 before falling back to $ 112.43 .
The weak dollar has helped to draw investors towards commodities , which are cheaper for foreign buyers because they are priced in the US currency .
Nigerian concerns US crude stocks fell 2.3 million barrels in the week to 11 April and petrol stocks fell by more five million barrels , the US Energy Information Administration reported .
This raised concerns about the amount of gasoline available ahead of the fuel - intensive summer driving season in the US .
Until the dollar really stabilizes , financial investors will continue to prop up prices
Victor Shum , Purvin and Gurtz But analysts said it was the dollar 's continued weakness which was really supporting prices .
" The market is driven by investors piling money into oil because of the weakening dollar , " said Victor Shum , from energy consultants Purvin and Gurtz .
" Until the dollar really stabilises , financial investors will continue to prop up prices . "
Producers ' body Opec insists there is more than enough oil in the market and that prices are being forced up by broader economic worries , not specific supply concerns .
But recent supply interruptions in North America and Nigeria acted to push prices higher earlier this week .
Further warnings have been sounded about global oil supplies with the Financial Times reporting that advisers to the Nigerian President believe that its current oil and gas output could fall by 30 % by 2015 .
A lack of investment in energy infrastructure posed a " grave danger to the continued wellbeing of the industry , " the report , prepared for President Umaru Yar 'Adua , concluded .
Uncertainty about the outlook for Africa 's largest oil producer follows recent comments by one of Russia 's largest oil producers that output there may have peaked .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
22 Goofy Movie Monsters
For every great feature creature , there 's another -- like in '' Cloverfield , '' '' Signs , ' ' or '' Robot Monster ' ' -- that only makes you scream with laughter
The dominant web 2.0 business model is the FREE business model .
It comes in many different variants , but the most widely used are the freemium business model ( I always thought Fred Wilson came up with that term , but he says it was Jarid Lukin ) and the free with ads based business model .
With freemium you get a service for fee , but for the real cool features you need to upgrade and pay a subscription .
Flickr uses that business model .
The free with ads based business model lets you use a service for free , but in return you get advertisement .
Facebook is the most obvious example , but many other services use that model as well .
For a much more complete overview of the many different forms of the FREE business model I recommend you read the extensive list compiled by Chris Anderson here .
The driving force behind the FREE business model is the ( web ) technology that enabled us to copy and distribute digital information at almost no cost .
Do n’t assume something is not valuable just because it ’s free .
But the effort to copy and distribute have dropped to zero .
Free has a lot of great advantages .
It lowers the threshold for a user to try out your service .
It lets you distribute easily and helps you create a user community much quicker than with a paid service .
Free lets you provide value to a user while the costs for it are paid by someone else , for example an advertiser .
Because of this 3 - way relationship it becomes easier to distribute your service , making it visible for you potential user groups on all kinds of advertisement networks .
And perhaps most important , most entrepreneurs delivers web 2.0 services for free now , so why charge your users for your service ?
How does all of this work ?
On the web there are currently two main value drivers , attention and reputation .
Attention is measured in page views , how many people looked at this advertisement , how many clicked on them etc .
Reputation is based upon links .
The more links the more value , Google Pagerank uses that measure ( amongst many others ) .
The on - line FREE business model is often executed in a 3 - way relationship .
The user , the service provider , and the 3rd party who pays for the costs of the service , in order to get attention .
But FREE comes at a cost too .
The sun rises every day for free , but for all the other stuff happening on our planet , someone is paying the bill .
In web 2.0 free leads to several related effects which occur due to the way value is calculated right now , attention and reputation .
FREE leads to destination sites with walled gardens
In the FREE business model attention is the most important currency .
The focus of the user needs to be on the service .
The more attention it gets , the more value is generated .
As a result of this a service provider is not likely to let a user leave once he is in .
The service is surrounded by large walls ensuring that the user and the data he produces can’t leave the premises .
The user needs to go to the service instead of the service coming to him .
Attention is measured in pageviews , so if you are n’t there , no value is created .
Reputation is also important .
That is probably why most web 2.0 services try to attract top tech bloggers on their network .
It provides them with credibility for the service .
FREE makes the network more important than the user
Attention is key .
You get more attention if you get more users .
The focus of most free web services is n’t on user value .
It ’s on user addition .
A service need gazillions of users and if you do n’t have at least a few million users on board , you are n’t execution your business model right .
But a service that is driven by new users tends to think less about the current user .
It is n’t the user that is important , its all of his friends , his social graph , his interactions with others that is important .
That is where the value lies .
It also leads to API ’s , third party development and dilution of the original value proposition of the service .
Facebook is an example of that .
While the original value of Facebook was to connect to your friends , it has now become a platform that seems to be driven for advertisers and 3rd party developers .
In other words , the network or social graph has become more important than the individual user .
I ’m not suggesting these services do n’t provide the user with value , there has to be some .
But the main focus is n’t to improve on that , it ’s on user addition .
FREE leads to forced attention on advertisement
FREE can lead to a lot of things ( see the overview at the beginning ) but it often leads to advertisement .
It sounds like a great deal .
You get the service for free , and the costs are covered by the advertisers .
Although it might work well in some cases I believe that in most cases this type of forced attention does n’t provide the user or the advertiser any value .
The click through rates of advertisement are not that high in social networks .
And that is pretty obvious , social networks are for interaction .
And when I interact with friends there is simply no room for advertisement .
Its trespassing .
There is of course one great counterexample to this .
Advertisement does work in search .
It is what made Google the mightiest company on the web .
When I am looking for something advertisement can help .
For this very reason Facebook does n’t perform well on advertisement , while Linked In performs much better .
Can you spot the difference ?
The first platform is about interaction , the second is about search , about business .
A subtle but in my opinion important difference .
FREE leads to customer lock in instead of customer freedom
If I would have to sum it all up then to me FREE leads to customer lock - in .
Instead of setting me free , the business model forces me to come to a destination site , to stay there , to leave my data , to expose my friends to the same mantra .
The service is n’t coming to me , I ca n’t go where I want .
FREE locks us in , and often we do n’t know about it .
I often hear that users do n’t care ( there are millions of people on Facebook right ) , but I refuse to believe that .
There currently simply is n’t a viable alternative to those FREE walled gardens .
If there was and people knew they had a choice , I am betting that a lot would choose a service where the user is more important than the network .
A service that is entirely focused on user value and does n’t enforce walls or attention .
What do you think ?
I asked the following question on both Twitter and Friendfeed : “ Would you pay for a web service that provides you value ? ” .
It was not the best of questions ( too open ) , but I still got a lot of great responses .
The twitter responses were short and to the point .
Erwin
Blom thought it was a strange question , since he pays for many services ( Flickr , Nozbe , Basecamp , Highrise , Mindmeister , Box.net ) .
Many responded that they already pay for services like last .
fm , iTunes , Flickr , Dreamhost , Blockbuster .
Tokerud would pay for Twitter as much as for a professional Flickr account ( $ 25 a year ) .
MarkDykeman , jcvangent and sndrspk would pay for a web service , but only if it would provide significant value .
On Friendfeed there was a bit more discussion ( it allows messages larger than 140 chars ) .
You can find the entire discussion here .
Most people are willing to pay for value , but the value needs to be significant .
The freemium model seems to dominate thinking here A lot of people also mentioned that once a service with a subscription fee is up , it is likely copied by a free with ads version .
Ran has a good point when he says that he would be more demanding if he paid for a service ( A twitter outage of a few days would not be acceptable ) .
Are there possibly viable alternatives to FREE ?
Sure there are .
Kevin Kelly offers a range of great posts on this subject .
I love his 1000 fan post in which he analyzes the long tail and argues that you only need 1000 true fans to make a good living on the web .
He later wonders whether or not 1000 fans is enough , but he believes that its possible with a relative small number .
If you want to conquer the entire world , you will probably need the FREE approach .
But there is a great living to be made that does n’t involve world domination .
Kevin Kelly provides in a post entitled “ Better than Free ” 8 generatives to the FREE model , a must read for anyone interested .
An summary from his article ( but read it , its really good ) :
Immediacy : Getting a copy of something you want immediately , even though it might be free later .
Examples : go to movie theaters to see films on the opening night and pay a premium price for it , access to Beta releases , Hardcover books .
Personalization : A product or service tailored to your personal needs .
Examples : A generic version of a concert recording may be free , but if you want a copy that has been tweaked to sound perfect in your particular living room — as if it were preformed in your room — you may be willing to pay a lot .
Interpretation :
The content may be free , but the interpretation of it not .
Examples
As the old joke goes : software , free .
The manual , $ 10,000 .
Authenticity :
You might be able to grab a key software application for free , but even if you do n’t need a manual , you might like to be sure it is bug free , reliable , and warranted .
You ’ll pay for authenticity .
Graphic reproductions such as photographs and lithographs often come with the artist ’s stamp of authenticity — a signature — to raise the price of the copy .
Accessibility : Having access to your possession ( data for example ) , tidy , up - to - date , orderly , backed up , provides us value that we are willing to pay for .
The fact that most of this material will be available free , if we want to tend it , back it up , keep adding to it , and organize it , will be less and less appealing as time goes on .
Embodiment :
The most obvious example .
A book may be for free , but a presentation by the author is expensive .
Patronage : Kevin believes that audiences WANT to pay creators .
Fans like to reward artists , musicians , authors and the like with the tokens of their appreciation , because it allows them to connect .
But they will only pay if it is very easy to do , a reasonable amount , and they feel certain the money will directly benefit the creators .
Findability —
Where as the previous generative qualities reside within creative digital works , findability is an asset that occurs at a higher level in the aggregate of many works .
A zero price does not help direct attention to a work , and in fact may sometimes hinder it .
But no matter what its price , a work has no value unless it is seen ; unfound masterpieces are worthless .
When there are millions of books , millions of songs , millions of films , millions of applications , millions of everything requesting our attention — and most of it free — being found is valuable .
Conclusion
It is my believe that in general users are always willing to pay for value .
If you can find a proposition that provides true value , then a payed business model is to prefer over a FREE model .
Why ?
because it forces you to think in user value .
It forces you to provide the user the best experience he can get .
It forces you not just to get new users but to keep providing the users you already have with value .
And you do n’t have to be affraid of a competitor offering the same service for free .
You can use the trust and long - term relationship with the customer to innnovate and create new value that your competitors do n’t offer .
In other words , the business model makes the user and delivering value to this user much more important than the network .
This post has become longer than I expected .
Thank you all for the willingness to respond to my question .
Let me know what you think .
Would you be willing to pay for a web service that provides you value ?
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Although warehouse retailers are limiting specialty rice sales , industry experts say U.S. consumers should n't worry that there 's a shortage in the making .
On the contrary , production of U.S. rice - which makes up the lion 's share of domestic consumption - is expected to increase between 3 % to 5 % this year to about 198 million hundred - weight ( hundredweight is a unit of measure equaling to 100 pounds ) .
That 's a sizeable improvement over last year 's mostly stagnant growth , according to Steve Martin , an agricultural economist with the Delta Research and Extension Center at Stoneville , Miss .
Martin said he was " puzzled " by media reports that said both Costco ( COST , Fortune 500 ) , the No. 1 wholesale club operator , and rival Sam's Club , a division of Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) , were restricting how many bags of rice people could buy .
Sam 's Club said Wednesday it was following the lead of other retailers in limiting customers to four 20 - pound bags of " imported jasmine , basmati and long grain white rice . "
The store said there were no restrictions on smaller - size packages , on sales at Wal - Mart stores , or in New Mexico and Idaho .
Costco could not be reached for comment .
Martin and other experts said basmati and other varieties whose sale is restricted represented " specialty " rice , and not the mass - market rice that 's primarily consumed in the United States .
" The mass - market variety is the long , medium and short - grain brands like Uncle Ben 's that 's produced here in the U.S. , " Martin said , adding that there 's no expected shortage in those varieties .
David Coia , spokesman for the U.S.A .
Rice Federation , a trade group that represents the domestic rice industry , offered a similar assessment .
" There is no supply crunch for rice in the United States , " Coia said .
According to Coia , domestically produced rice makes up 88 % of the U.S. market .
And that 's only half the crop - the other half is exported .
" The bottom line is that there is plenty of rice in the U.S. and there 's no need to panic , " Coia said .
So then why did these retailers place these restrictions ?
Martin speculated that the move is tied to global concerns , specifically recent actions taken by major producers such as India to ban some rice exports .
India is the second - largest rice producer after Thailand , and one of the leading producers of the aromatic basmati rice variety .
In early April , the Indian government announced a ban on exports of low - grade , non-basmati rice that 's essentially produced for domestic consumption , in an effort to control a surge in local food prices amid tightening supplies .
" There 's no shortage of rice in India , but our buffer stock of rice has fallen .
This means we could be going into the danger zone , " said Dr. Amit Mitra , secretary general of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry ( FICCI ) .
What 's more , Mitra said this was happening at a time when global commodity prices for grains had " shot through the roof . "
" So India would be reluctant to import rice to supplement its buffer stock because of the high global prices , " he said .
At the same time , Mitra said the forecast for this year 's rice production in India was good , tied to what is expected to be a robust monsoon season in the country .
He said the Indian government had not banned basmati rice exports .
Still , he suspects that U.S. retailers were probably concerned that because of the general rise in rice prices , " these retailers ' ability to get imported rice at cheap prices will be constrained . "
Dr. Robert Zeigler , director of the International Rice Research Institute , a leading rice research center based in the Philippines , told CNNMoney.com that emerging markets such as India , Thailand , Vietnam and China - all major rice producers - have seen sharp surges in consumption driven by economic growth and changes in food consumption patterns .
" But at the same time , these countries have n't really invested in the infrastructure and R&D , and that 's led to plateauing of [ rice ] production growth , " Zeigler said .
" There is a downtick in global rice supply and this could be making these retailers nervous , " he said .
" The bigger challenge is the global food price inflation . "
Meanwhile , makers of some popular U.S. rice brands said they are n't concerned about a supply - demand imbalance in the United States .
" We are not worried about supply , " Bastiaan de Zeeuw , CEO of Riviana Foods Inc. wrote in an e-mail to CNNMoney.com .
The company is the U.S. rice subsidiary of the Spanish firm Ebro Puleva ; its brands include Minute and Carolina Rice .
" We believe the action taken by Costco and Sam's [ Club ] is the result of much higher purchases as people are anticipating substantial additional price increases , " he said .
" You will note that Wal - Mart has not taken the same measures so far in its stores . "
Issue # 1 - America's
Money :
All this week at noon ET , CNN explains how the weakening economy affects you .
Full coverage .
Under the government 's economic stimulus plan , 130 million people will receive tax rebate checks for $ 300 and up , starting April 28 .
What do you plan to do with your check ?
How do you think the stimulus plan will affect the economy ?
Send us your photos and videos , or email us and tell us what you think .
Mohammad al - Qahtani was a suspect in the first capital case at Guantanamo The Pentagon has dropped charges against a Saudi citizen alleged to have been the " 20th hijacker " in the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US .
Mohammad al - Qahtani was one of six Guantanamo Bay inmates charged with murder and war crimes in February .
The Pentagon said the case against the other five defendants would proceed .
Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty against the suspects in a case before military tribunals at the US prison camp in Guantanamo Bay .
' Torture ' A Pentagon official said the charges against Mohammad al - Qahtani had been dropped " without prejudice " , meaning they could be reinstated .
The US military gave no reason for its decision .
But lawyers for the defendant say they believe the charges were dropped because he " was tortured " under interrogation .
The decision could have implications for the other five suspects , whose lawyers claim that similar treatment was meted out to them , the BBC's Adam Brookes reports from Washington .
Authorities say Mr Qahtani failed to take part in the 9/11 attacks because he was denied entry into the US by an immigration official .
He was refused entry at Orlando in Florida in August 2001 and returned to Dubai .
He was later detained in Afghanistan and transferred to Guantanamo Bay .
In 2006 , he recanted accusations he had made against fellow detainees of having links to al - Qaeda .
His lawyer told Time magazine the statements had been extracted under torture .
The Saudi was reportedly submitted to stress positions , sleep deprivation and humiliation at Guantanamo .
Officials said he had been subjected to a harsh interrogation authorised by former US Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
Four planes were hijacked by 19 men in the 11 September attacks .
Two hit the World Trade Center in New York , another the Pentagon in Washington and the fourth crashed in Pennsylvania .
About 3,000 people were killed .
The five suspects still facing trial at Guantanamo include the alleged mastermind of the plot , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Ditching your gas guzzler is a great way to reduce your carbon footprint , but if you really want to do something about global warming , get a used car .
You 'll be putting less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
As Matt Power notes in this month 's issue of Wired , hybrids get great gas mileage but it takes 113 million BTUs of energy to make a Toyota Prius .
Because there are about 113,000 BTUs of energy in a gallon of gasoline , the Prius has consumed the equivalent of 1,000 gallons of gasoline before it reaches the showroom .
Think of it as a carbon debt – one you wo n't pay off until the Prius has turned over 46,000 miles or so .
There 's an easy way to avoid that debt – buy a used car .
The debt has already been paid .
But not just any used car will do .
It has to be something fuel efficient .
Like , say , a 1998 Toyota Tercel that gets 27 mpg city / 35 mpg highway miles .
The Prius will have to go 100,000 miles to achieve the same carbon savings as the 10 - year - old Tercel .
Get behind the wheel of a 1994 Geo Metro XFi , which matches the Prius ' 46 mpg , and the Prius would never close the carbon gap , Power writes .
There are a lot of used cars out there that top 30 mpg , and more than a few that reach into the 40s .
Just about any Ford Festiva or Aspire will deliver 33 mpg .
The mid-'90s Mazda Proteges are good for 30 mpg or so , as are the Dodge Colts of the early '90s .
Go back a little further and the Honda CRX HF models will give you 39 to 45 mpg in a sporty two - seater that 's fun to drive .
If you do n't mind driving the cheapest of cheap econoboxes , the 1985 Chevrolet Chevette got 36 mpg and the ' 87 Chevrolet Sprint got 40 .
You may laugh , but these cars are becoming big sellers .
USA
Today says fuel - misers from the early 1990s are selling like crazy and prices have gone up 30 percent in the past few months .
A rust - bucket Geo Metro with 175,000 on the odometer recently sold for three grand on eBay .
Of course , it can be tough finding a car that old that has n't been beaten like a drum , and Robyn Eckard of Kelley Blue Book tells us most used car buyers prefer something no more than 5 to 7 years old and with fewer than 100 K on the odometer .
No problem .
The auto industry has spent much of the past decade cranking out SUVs , but it has managed to offer a few highly efficient cars as well .
The Toyota Echo delivers 30 mpg or better , as does the Honda Civic .
The Chevrolet Prizm and Mini Cooper come close .
Volkswagen 's diesels are good for mileage in the low 30s .
We 've undoubtedly left some off the list .
But the point is , you do n't need to buy a Prius – or any other hybrid , for that matter – to get great fuel economy and minimize your carbon footprint .
You might feel better driving a hybrid , but you wo n't necessarily be greener .
Photo : Jeremy Brooks / Flickr
Gitでファイル一式をまとめてtar ballにする場合、.gitがあるディレクトリに 移動して、以下のようにします。
1 % git-archiv e -- format=t ar HEAD | gzip > foo.tar.gz
これによって 、Gitの管理下にあるファイル一式をまとめたtar.gzファイルが出来上がります。余談ですが、tar.gzをtar ballと呼ぶのはなんでだろう。
良く使いそうなので、専用のGitコマンドがあっても良いんじゃないかな？
For many investors , the condo hotel may go down as the Pets.com of the real - estate bubble .
Many buyers purchased the hotel rooms from developers hoping to get paid every time the room was rented .
But condo hotels , which account for as much as 10 % of all hotel rooms under construction and a much greater percentage in resort markets such as Orlando , Fla. , and Las Vegas , are coming back to haunt many of the people who bought the units , the developers that constructed the buildings , and the operators hired to run the hotels .
...
This story is by Jean Giono ( 1895 – 1970 ) .
It was written in 1953 .
I first came across it in 1988 when our local public TV station KQED broadcast a short - film version of the story .
The film “ The Man Who Planted Trees ” won numerous awards , including the Oscar for the best animated short film 1988 .
Jean Giono wrote the story after American editors in 1953 asked him to write a few pages about an unforgettable character .
They intended him to write about a real unforgettable character , but he created the fictional Elezeard Bouffier .
When the editors objected that no Bouffier had died in Banon , he donated the story to all humanity .
It was soon after published by Vogue in 1954 .
Many people have assumed that Bouffier is a real person .
[ Source :
The afterword by Norma Goodrich to the story in print .
See end of this page for details . ]
The wonderful thing is that you can watch the animation movie on YouTube .
The animation is by the great Frédéric Back ( 1924 – 2013 ) .
What ’s even better is that you can download the movie from the internet archive .
I recommend the movie ( 30 minutes ) of course .
I also like reading the story .
The Man Who Planted Trees by Jean Giono
FOR A HUMAN CHARACTER to reveal truly exceptional qualities , one must have the good fortune to be able to observe its performance over many years .
If this performance is devoid of all egoism , if its guiding motive is unparalleled generosity , if it is absolutely certain that there is no thought of recompense and that , in addition , it has left its visible mark upon the earth , then there can be no mistake .
About forty years ago I was taking a long trip on foot over mountain heights quite unknown to tourists in that ancient region where the Alps thrust down into Provence .
All this , at the time I embarked upon my long walk through these deserted regions , was barren and colourless land .
Nothing grew there but wild lavender .
I was crossing the area at its widest point , and after three days ’ walking found myself in the midst of unparalleled desolation .
I camped near the vestiges of an abandoned village .
I had run out of water the day before , and had to find some .
These clustered houses , although in ruins , like an old wasps ’ nest , suggested that there must once have been a spring or well here .
There was , indeed , a spring , but it was dry .
The five or six houses , roofless , gnawed by wind and rain , the tiny chapel with its crumbling steeple , stood about like the houses and chapels in living villages , but all life had vanished .
It was a fine June day , brilliant with sunlight , but over this unsheltered land , high in the sky , the wind blew with unendurable ferocity .
It growled over the carcasses of the houses like a lion disturbed at its meal .
I had to move my camp .
After five hours ’ walking I had still not found water , and there was nothing to give me any hope of finding any .
All about me was the same dryness , the same coarse grasses .
I thought I glimpsed in the distance a small black silhouette , upright , and took it for the trunk of a solitary tree .
In any case I started towards it .
It was a shepherd .
Thirty sheep were lying about him on the baking earth .
He gave me a drink from his watergourd and , a little later , took me to his cottage in a fold of the plain .
He drew his water – excellent water from a very deep natural well above which he had constructed a primitive winch .
The man spoke little .
This is the way of those who live alone , but one felt that he was sure of himself , and confident in his assurance .
That was unexpected in this barren country .
He lived , not in a cabin , but in a real house built of stone that bore plain evidence of how his own efforts had reclaimed the ruin he had found there on his arrival .
His roof was strong and sound .
The wind on its tiles made the sound of the sea upon its shores .
The place was in order , the dishes washed , the floor swept , his rifle oiled ; his soup was boiling over the fire .
I noticed then that he was cleanly shaved , that all his buttons were firmly sewed on , that his clothing had been mended with the meticulous care that makes the mending invisible .
He shared his soup with me and afterwards , when I offered my tobacco pouch , he told me that he did not smoke .
His dog , as silent as himself , was friendly without being servile .
It was understood from the first that I should spend the night there ; the nearest village was still more than a day and a half away .
And besides I was perfectly familiar with the nature of the rare villages in that region .
There were four or five of them scattered well apart from each other on these mountain slopes , among white oak thickets , at the extreme end of the wagon roads .
They were inhabited by charcoal - burners , and the living was bad .
Families , crowded together in a climate that is excessively harsh both in winter and in summer , found no escape from the unceasing conflict of personalities .
Irrational ambition reached inordinate proportions in the continual desire for escape .
The men took their wagonloads of charcoal to the town , then returned .
The soundest characters broke under the perpetual grind .
The women nursed their grievances .
There was rivalry in everything , over the price of charcoal as over a pew in the church .
And over all there was the wind , also ceaseless , to rasp upon the nerves .
There were epidemics of suicide and frequent cases of insanity , usually homicidal .
The shepherd went to fetch a small sack and poured out a heap of acorns on the table .
He began to separating the good from the bad .
I smoked my pipe .
I did offer to help him .
He told me that it was his job .
And in fact , seeing the care he devoted to the task , I did not insist .
That was the whole of our conversation .
When he had set aside a large enough pile of good acorns he counted them out by tens , meanwhile eliminating the small ones or those which were slightly cracked , for now he examined them more closely .
When he had thus selected one hundred perfect acorns he stopped and he went to bed .
There was peace in being with this man .
The next day I asked if I might rest here for a day .
He found it quite natural – or to be more exact , he gave me the impression that nothing could startle him .
The rest was not absolutely necessary , but I was interested and wished to know more about him .
He opened the pen and led his flocks to pasture .
Before leaving , he plunged his sack of carefully selected and counted acorns into a pail of water .
I noticed that he carried for a stick an iron rod as thick as my thumb and about a yard and a half long .
Resting myself by walking , I followed a path parallel to his .
His pasture was in a valley .
He left the little flock in charge of the dog and climbed towards where I stood .
I was afraid that he was about to rebuke me for my indiscretion , but it was not that at all : this was the way he was going , and he invited me to go along if I had nothing better to do .
He climbed to the top of the ridge about a hundred yards away .
There he began thrusting his iron rod into the earth , making a hole in which he planted an acorn ; then he refilled the hole .
He was planting an oak tree .
I asked him if the land belonged to him .
He answered no .
Did he know whose it was ?
He did not .
He supposed people who cared nothing about it .
He was not interested in finding out whose it was .
He planted his hundred acorns with the greatest care .
After the midday meal he resumed his planting .
I suppose I must have been fairly insistent in my questioning , for he answered me .
For three years he had been planting trees in this wilderness .
He had planted 100,000 .
Of these , 20,000 had sprouted .
Of the 20,000 he still expected to lose about half to rodents or to the unpredictable designs of Providence .
There remained 10,000 oak trees to grow where nothing had grown before .
That was when I began to wonder about the age of this man .
He was obviously over fifty .
Fifty - five , he told me .
His name was Elzeard Bouffier .
He had once had a farm in the lowlands .
There he had had his life .
He had lost his only son , then his wife .
He had withdrawn into this solitude , where his pleasure was to live leisurely with his lambs and his dog .
It was his opinion that this land was dying for want of trees .
He added that , having no very pressing business of his own , he had resolved to remedy this state of affairs .
Since I was at that time , in spite of my youth , leading a solitary life , I understood how to deal gently with solitary spirits .
But my very youth forced me to consider the future in relation to myself and to a certain quest for happiness .
I told him that in thirty years his 10,000 oaks would be magnificent .
He answered quite simply that if God granted him life , in thirty years he would have planted so many more that these 10,000 would be like a drop of water in the ocean .
Besides , he was now studying the reproduction of beech trees and had a nursery of seedlings grown from beechnuts near his cottage .
The seedlings , which he protected from his sheep with a wire fence , were very beautiful .
He was also considering birches for the valleys where , he told me , there was a certain amount of moisture a few yards below the surface of the soil .
The next day we parted .
The following year came the War of 1914 , in which I was involved for the next five years .
An infantry - man hardly had time for reflecting upon trees .
To tell the truth , the thing itself had made no impression upon me ; I had considered it as a hobby , a stamp collection , and forgotten it .
The war over , I found myself possessed of a tiny demobilisation bonus and a huge desire to breathe fresh air for a while .
It was with no other objective that I again took the road to the barren lands .
The countryside had not changed .
However , beyond the deserted village I glimpsed in the distance a sort of greyish mist that covered the mountaintops like a carpet .
Since the day before , I had begun to think again of the shepherd tree - planter .
“ Ten thousand oaks , ” I reflected , “ really take up quite a bit of space . ”
I had seen too many men die during those five years not to imagine easily that Elzeard Bouffier was dead , especially since , at twenty , one regards men of fifty as old men with nothing left to do but die .
He was not dead .
As a matter of fact he was extremely spry .
He had changed jobs .
Now he had only four sheep but , instead , a hundred beehives .
He had got rid of the sheep because they threatened his trees .
For , he told me ( and I saw for myself ’ ) , war had disturbed him not at all .
He had imperturbably continued to plant .
The oaks of 1910 were then ten years old and taller than either of ’ us .
It was an impressive spectacle .
I was literally speechless and , as he did not talk , we spent the whole day walking in silence through his forest .
In three sections , it measured eleven kilometers in length and three kilometers at its greatest width .
When you remembered that all this had sprung from the hands and the soul of this one man , without technical resources , you understand that men could be as effectual as God in realms other than that of destruction .
He had pursued his plan , and beech trees as high as my shoulder , spreading out as far as the eye could reach , confirmed it .
He showed me handsome clumps of birch planted five years before – that is , in 1915 , when I had been fighting at Verdun .
He had set them out in all the valleys where he had guessed – and rightly – that there was moisture almost at the surface of the ground .
They were as delicate as young girls , and very well established .
Creation seemed to come about in a sort of chain reaction .
He did not worry about it ; he was determinedly pursuing his task in all its simplicity , but towards the village I saw water brooks that had been dry since the memory of man .
This was the most impressive result of chain reaction that I had seen .
These dry streams had once , long ago , run with water .
Some of the dreary villages I mentioned before had been built on the sites of ancient Roman settlements , traces of which still remained ; and archaeologists , exploring there , had found fishhooks where , in the twentieth century , cisterns were needed to assure a small supply of water .
The wind , too , scattered seeds .
As the water reappeared , so there reappeared willows , rushes , meadows , gardens , flowers , and a certain purpose in being alive .
But the transformation took place so gradually that it became part of the pattern without causing any astonishment .
Hunters , climbing into the wilderness in pursuit of hares or wild boar , had of course noticed the sudden growth of little trees , but had attributed it to some caprice of ’ the earth .
That is why no one meddled with Elzeard Bouffier ’s work .
If he had been detected he would have had opposition .
He was undetectable .
Who in the villages or in the administration could have dreamed of such perseverance in a magnificent generosity ?
To have anything like a precise idea of this exceptional character one must not forget that he worked in total solitude : so total that , towards the end of his life , he lost the habit of speech .
Or perhaps it was that he saw no need for it .
In 1933 he received a visit from a forest ranger who notified him of an order against lighting fires out of ’ doors for fear of endangering the growth of this natural forest .
It was the first time , the man told him naively , that he had ever heard of a forest growing of its own accord .
At that time Bouffier was about to plant beeches at a spot some twelve kilometers from his cottage .
In order to avoid travelling back and forth – for he was then seventy - five – he planned to build a stone cabin right at the plantation .
The next year he did so .
In 1935 a whole delegation came from the Government to examine the “ natural forest . ”
There was a high official from the Forest Service , a Deputy , technicians .
There was a great deal of ineffectual talk .
It was decided that something must be done and , fortunately , nothing was done except the only helpful thing : the whole forest was placed under the protection of the State , and charcoal burning prohibited .
For it was impossible not to be captivated by the beauty of those young trees in the fullness of health , and they cast their spell over the Deputy himself .
A friend of mine was among the forestry officers of the delegation .
To him I explained the mystery .
One day the following week we went together to see Elzeard Bouffier .
We found him hard at work , some ten kilometers from the spot where the inspection had taken place .
This forester was not my friend for nothing .
He was aware of values .
He knew how to keep silent .
I delivered the eggs I had brought as a present .
We shared our lunch among the three of us and spent several hours in wordless contemplation of the countryside .
In the direction from which we had come the slopes were covered with trees twenty to twenty - five feet tall .
I remembered how the land had looked in 1913 : a desert . . .
Peaceful , regular toil , the vigorous mountain air , frugality and , above all , serenity in the spirit had endowed this old man with awe - inspiring health .
He was one of God ’s athletes .
I wondered how many more acres he was going to cover with trees .
Before leaving my friend simply made a brief suggestion about certain species of trees that the soil here seemed particularly suited for .
He did not force the point , “ for the very good reason , ” he told me later , “ that Bouffier knows more about it than I do . ”
At the end of an hour ’s walking having turned it over in his mind – he added , “ He knows a lot more about it than anybody .
He ’s discovered a wonderful way to be happy ! ”
It was thanks to this officer that not only the forest but also the happiness of the man was protected .
He delegated three rangers to the task , and so terrorised them that they remained proof against all the bottles of wine the charcoal - burners could offer .
The only serious danger to the work occurred during the War of 1939 .
As cars were being run on gazogenes ( wood - burning generators ) , there was never enough wood .
Cutting was started among the oaks of 1910 , but the area was so far from any railway that the enterprise turned out to be financially unsound .
It was abandoned .
The shepherd had seen nothing of it .
He was thirty kilometers away , peacefully continuing his work , ignoring the war of 1939 as he had ignored that of 1914 .
I saw Elzeard Bouffier for the last time in June of 1945 .
He was then eighty - seven .
I had started back along the route through the wastelands ; but now , in spite of the disorder in which the war had left the country , there was a bus running between the Durance Valley and the mountain .
I attributed the fact that I no longer recognised the scenes of my earlier journeys to this relatively speedy transportation .
It took the name of a village to convince me that I was actually in that region that had been all ruins and desolation .
The bus put me down at Vergons .
In 1913 this hamlet of ten or twelve houses had three inhabitants .
They had been savage creatures , hating one another , living by trapping game , little removed , physically and morally , from the conditions of prehistoric man .
All about them nettles were feeding upon the remains of abandoned houses .
Their condition had been beyond hope .
For them , nothing but to await death – a situation which rarely predisposes to virtue .
Everything was changed .
Even the air .
Instead of the harsh dry winds that used to attack me , a gentle breeze was blowing , laden with scents .
A sound like water came from the mountains ; it was the wind in the forest ; most amazing of all , I heard the actual sound of water falling into a pool .
I saw that a fountain had been built , that it flowed freely and – what touched me most – that someone had planted a linden beside it , a linden that must have been four years old , already in full leaf , the incontestable symbol of resurrection .
Besides , Vergons bore evidence of labor at the sort of undertaking for which hope is required .
Hope , then , had returned .
Ruins had been cleared away , dilapidated walls torn down and five houses restored .
Now there were twenty - eight inhabitants , four of them young married couples .
The new houses , freshly plastered , were surrounded by gardens where vegetables and flowers grew in orderly confusion , cabbages and roses , leeks and snapdragons , celery and anemones .
It was now a village where one would like to live .
From that point I went on foot .
The war just finished had not allowed the full blooming of life , but Lazarus was out of the tomb .
On the lower slopes of the mountain I saw little fields of barley and rye ; deep in that narrow valley the meadows were turning green .
It has taken only the eight years since then for the whole countryside to glow with health and prosperity .
On the site of the ruins I had seen in 1913 now stand neat farms , cleanly plastered , testifying to a happy and comfortable life .
The old streams , fed by the rains and snows that the forest conserves , are flowing again .
Their waters have been channeled .
On each farm , in groves of maples , fountain pools overflow on to carpets of fresh mint .
Little by little the villages have been rebuilt .
People from the plains , where land is costly , have settled here , bringing youth , motion , the spirit of adventure .
Along the roads you meet hearty men and women , boys and girls who understand laughter and have recovered a taste for picnics .
Counting the former population , unrecognisable now that they live in comfort , more than 10,000 people owe their happiness to Elzeard Bouffier .
When I reflect that one man , armed only with his own physical and moral resources , was able to cause this land of Canaan to spring from the wasteland , I am convinced that , in spite of everything , humanity is admirable .
But when I compute the unfailing greatness of spirit and the tenacity of benevolence that it must have taken to achieve this result , I am taken with an immense respect for that old and unlearned peasant who was able to complete a work worthy of God .
Elzeard Bouffier died peacefully in 1947 at the hospice in Banon .
Jean Giono .
= = = = = = = = = = = = =
A couple of pages ( images ) from the afterword by Norma Goodrich to the story .
She went and met Giono in Provence in 1970 , a few months before he passed away .
The images are from the “ Look Inside ” feature of books on Amazon .
Huma Abedin Vogue Photo Shoot , Hillary Clinton Top Aide ( Photos )
is Senator 's right hand woman .
She began as an intern for the White House in 1996 and landed an assignment with the First Lady .
Since then she has risen to the role of personal aide .
Where you see Hillary you can expect to see Abedin in close proximity .
Abedin was born in Kalamazoo , Michigan to an Indian father and Pakistani mother .
The family relocated to Saudi Arabia when Huma was a toddler .
She returned to the United States to attend George Washington University .
Besides her superior intellect , Abedin is also gorgeous .
She posed for Vogue Magazine in 2007 and the pictures are stunning .
She is rumored to be dating New York Rep. Anthony Weiner , a Democrat who is positioning himself to have a run for NYC mayor in 2009 .
According to a short blurb in late January 2008 in the New York Post Page Six Gossip :
Huma Abedin , the traveling aide who is rarely out of Hillary Rodham Clinton 's sight , has been seen with bachelor Rep. Anthony Weiner on the campaign trail .
Shortly before Clinton arrived for a fund - raiser Thursday night at the Hiro club in the Meatpacking District , Abedin was spotted going into the Maritime Hotel around the corner with Weiner .
If they were trying to keep their affair a secret , you 'd think they 'd find someplace where political reporters would n't be walking by .
Abedin and Weiner , 44 , became engaged to be married on May 23 , 2009 .
On July 10 , 2010 , the couple exchanged vows in Huntington , New York in an early evening ceremony , officiated by former PresidentHuma is the long time aide to Secretary of State
Check out more photos below .
Photos : WENN
This is a fitting time to revisit Philip Glass ’s opera “ Satyagraha , ” a landmark work of Minimalism .
I take Mr. Glass at his word that when “ Satyagraha ” was introduced , in Rotterdam in 1980 , he was following his own voice and vision , not firing a broadside against the complex , cerebral modernist composers who claimed the intellectual high ground while alienating mainstream classical music audiences .
Happily , that divisive period is finally past .
Metropolitan Opera patrons , mostly bound by tradition , might not seem a likely source of Glass fans .
But when Mr. Glass appeared onstage after the Met ’s first performance of “ Satyagraha , ” on Friday night , the audience erupted in a deafening ovation .
“ Satyagraha ” ( a Sanskrit term that means truth force ) is more a musical ritual than a traditional opera .
Impressionistic and out of sequence , it relates the story of Mohandas K. Gandhi ’s fight for the civil rights of the Indian minority in South Africa from 1893 to 1914 .
The staging — created by Phelim McDermott , director , and Julian Crouch , associate director and set designer , for the Met and the English National Opera , where it was seen last year — makes inventive use of fanciful imagery , aerialists , gargantuan puppets and theatrical spectacle to convey the essence of a self - consciously spiritual work .
Image Richard Croft , in white , at the Met as Mohandas K. Gandhi in the Philip Glass opera " Satyagraha , " which depicts Gandhis path to spirituality and political activism in South Africa .
Credit ... Sara Krulwich / The New York Times
Without knowing the events of Gandhi ’s struggles in South Africa you would have little idea what is going on , starting from the opening scene .
Gandhi , portrayed by the sweet - voiced tenor Richard Croft in a heroic performance , lies on the ground in a rumpled suit , his suitcase nearby .
The moment depicts an incident when Gandhi , as a young lawyer en route to Pretoria and holding a proper first - class ticket , was ordered to take his place with the Indians on board and , when he resisted , was pushed from the train onto the platform .
This is exactly why we can't have nice release dates .
A webshots user named pallamallawa has uploaded six images of what look to be the map insert for the PlayStation 3 version of Grand Theft Auto IV .
Images include the city itself , complete with descriptions of various locales , the Liberty City subway map , and the controller map for the PS3 .
It 's about as New York as you can get without actually being in New York .
Everything looks rather official , though I 'm going to go ahead and rumor tag this pending some sort of official confirmation .
It 's not that we do n't trust the internet , it 's just ... okay , we do n't trust the internet .
Advertisement
GTA IV Map for PS3 [ webshots - Thanks SUP3R !]
So you think you know the McDonald 's menu like the back of your hand ?
Think again .
From McDonald 's international , here are some menu items you have probably never tried before .
Good morning , welcome to McDonald's .
May I have your order please ?
INDIA
In India , there are no Big Macs because the Hindu people do n't eat beef .
However , they have the Maharaja Mac , which is a Big Mac made of lamb or chicken meat .
There is also a vegetarian burger , the McAloo Tikki .
NORWAY
In fish - loving Norway , they have the McLaks , a sandwich made of grilled salmon and dill sauce .
GERMANY
It 's bottoms up in Germany , where McDonald 's serves - Beer !
CANADA
In parts of Canada , have a lobster dinner with the McLobster lobster roll .
Pardon me - " McHomard " ( in French ) .
JAPAN
Japan totally reinvents McDonald 's with its Ebi Filet - O ( shrimp burgers ) , Koroke Burger ( mashed potato , cabbage and katsu sauce , all in a sandwich ) , Ebi-Chiki ( shrimp nuggets ) and Green Tea - flavored milkshake !
CHILE
In Chile , you can dress your burgers with - not ketchup - avocado paste !
COSTA RICA
In Costa Rica , unsurprisingly , you can order Gallo Pinto , meaning rice and beans .
GREECE
It 's not Greek without pita , so when in Greece , have a Greek Mac , a burger made of patties wrapped in pita .
HONG KONG
Rice - loving Hong Kong , has - of course - Rice Burgers , where the burgers are in between , not burger buns , but two patties of glutinous rice .
ISRAEL
In Israel , McDonald 's has 3 kosher restaurants where cheeseburger and dairy products are not served because Jewish Law forbids serving " the child [ cow / beef ] in its mother 's milk [ dairy ] . "
They have McShawarma , meat in a pita bread roll .
Since 2002 , Sibel Edmonds has been very public with her allegations involving " unclassified " evidence of wrongdoing - these include :
Supervisor Mike Feghali was telling translators to slow down work so they could show Congress a backlog and justify a budget increase .
This was right after 9/11 when agents in the field were urgently requesting translations .
In addition to new leads about 9/11 , one special agent requested retranslation of a document that had been translated before 9/11 , thinking that important information may have been missed in the first translation .
Retranslation revealed that information had been omitted that referred to building blueprints and pictures being sent overseas , as well as information regarding criminal actions in connection with obtaining VISAs through certain mideast embassies .
Feghali decided not to send the new translation to the agent ; instead he sent a note saying the original translation had been correct .
Sibel Edmonds discovered that her co-worker , Melek Can Dickerson , was connected with Turkish agents that were targets of FBI investigations , that had spies operating in the State Department and Pentagon who were passing on military and intelligence secrets .
Dickerson mistranslated and stamped " not pertinent " hundreds , possibly thousands , of documents and wiretapped conversations related to these investigations , and with the help of Supervisor Mike Feghali , forged signatures on documents and stole hundreds of others from the FBI office .
A 10 - year Iranian intelligence asset informed 2 FBI agents and a translator in April 2001 that Osama Bin Laden was planning attacks on 4 - 5 US cities , with planes , that some of the people were already in the country and the attacks would happen in a few months .
The translator , Behrooz Sarshar , translated and documented the info , and the two agents reported it to Special Agent in Charge of Counterterrorism Thomas Frields by filing " 302 " forms .
Frields did nothing with the information before 9/11 , and after 9/11 told them to keep quiet about it .
Sarshar reported this incident to the Deparment of Justice Inspector General .
These are some of the incidents of espionage , corruption and coverup Sibel Edmonds witnessed that are not classified .
In addition , she has repeatedly said there are crimes documented by FBI investigations that were shut down in 2002 but are still classified , and that she 's gagged from speaking about , though she has talked about them in general terms .
October 29 , 2007 Sibel Edmonds , through BradBlog.com , made an open offer to all the US networks : " FBI Whistleblower Sibel Edmonds Will Now Tell All - and Face Charges if Necessary - to Any Major Television Network That Will Let Her " .
None took her up on her offer .
However , in January 2008 the London Sunday Times published a 3 part series based on interviews with her and their own investigation .
According to the 1st article in the series , January 6 , " For sale : West 's deadly nuclear secrets " , Edmonds says senior members of Congress and high - level Pentagon and State Department officials took bribes and arranged security clearances for Turkish and Israeli spies to be planted in academic and military institutions doing nuclear weapons research - and that secrets they stole were sold to Pakistan and resold thru AQ Khan 's nuclear black market network .
The US officials were part of a network that was also involved in arms and drug trafficking , and money laundering .
The Sunday Times said they knew , but were n't publishing , the name of one particular ex-State Dept. official who featured prominently in Edmonds allegations , including arranging for the deportation of 9/11 suspects so they could n't be questioned .
His response to their seeking comment for the article was that the allegations were outrageous .
The name of this official is said to be former State Dept. official and current lobbyist Marc Grossman , by 2 bloggers who 've been following the Edmonds case and investigating the circumstances - Luke Ryland and Larisa Alexandrovna .
Also on January 6 , Sibel Edmonds posted this gallery of pictures on her website : Sibel Edmonds ' State Secrets Privilege Gallery
For names , see : Sibel ' names names ' ( in pictures ! ) by Luke Ryland
The Sunday Times series was picked up by media around the world , but almost entirely ignored by the US corporate media and government .
Now that I 've given you a brief overview of some of Sibel Edmonds allegations , lets go back to 2002 and look at the response of our government and media then .
Edmonds reported these things first to her supervisor , Mike Feghali and his boss , Thomas Frields ; they warned her to keep quiet .
She instead filed a report with the Inspector General of the Justice Department in February and an investigation was opened .
She also faxed information to senior Senators Charles Grassley and Patrick Leahy of the Judiciary Committee and June 17 they had Edmonds and the FBI testify in unclassified hearings .
Following the hearings , Leahy and Grassley sent letters to Inspector General Glenn Fine , Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert Mueller , noting the FBI had confirmed many of Edmonds most serious allegations , and requesting investigation and accountability .
Instead , Dickerson quit the FBI and was allowed to leave the country without being questioned ; Feghali was promoted ; and no investigation was done , other than the limited one by the Inspector General , which found that Edmonds ' allegations were largely the reason she was fired , had basis in fact and were confirmed by other witnesses .
The IG 's investigation only examined the FBI 's handling of Sibel Edmonds ' allegations ; it concluded they were not handled appropriately and recommended further investigation .
October 27 , Sixty Minutes broadcast interviews with Edmonds , Senator Grassley , the FBI and others .
The FBI said Dickerson was a training issue but dismissed concerns she might be a spy .
However , Grassley said of Edmonds , " Absolutely , she 's credible ... and the reason I feel she 's very credible is because people within the FBI have corroborated a lot of her story " and of the FBI he said , " It needs to be turned upside down " .
CBS did n't air her allegations of obstructed 9/11 investigations , even though they had been confirmed by Congress .
Since 2002 Sibel Edmonds has been mentioned in news reporting dozens of times for different reasons , but most reporting either does n't mention her most serious allegations , or puts them in a context that makes them seem less serious .
July 2002 , Sibel Edmonds sued the FBI and Department of Justice for wrongful termination and violation of free speech rights .
In October , Attorney General Ashcroft asserted the previously rarely - used " state secrets " privilege and requested dismissal of the case .
In May , Ashcroft retroactively classified Edmonds ' and the FBI 's testimony at the Senate hearings - and the letters that had been sent by Grassley and Leahy , which had already been in the public domain for 2 years ( this classification was dropped February 22 , 2005 after POGO , who had posted the letters , sued the DOJ ) .
In July 2004 , after 2 years of delay , Judge Reggie Walton dismissed the free speech case in the DC US District Court without ever hearing evidence from Edmonds ' attorney .
The ACLU took her case and Edmonds appealed .
The judges in the DC Circuit US Court of Appeals excluded Edmonds , her attorneys and the media from the courtroom , dismissed her case and did not cite a reason as it would have been classified as a state secret .
Edmonds appealed to the Supreme Court , and 25 public interest advocacy groups and media institutions , such as the Project On Government Oversight ( POGO ) , Government Accountability Project ( GAP ) , Public Citizen , American Library Association ( ALA ) , Federation of American Scientists ( FAS ) , AP , Reuters , New York Times , CNN and the Washington Post signed onto briefs urging the Supreme Court to hear her case due to the free speech and abuse of secrecy issues .
November 28 , 2005 the Court denied cert without citing a reason .
Her other case is still pending .
Edmonds and government watchdog organizations maintain that the State Secrets privilege used to gag her is being used to protect government officials - not to protect national security , and not to serve the public interest .
Indeed , the DOJ has claimed it 's necessary to protect " sensitive diplomatic relations " and " certain foreign business relations " .
Originally the 9/11 Commission declined to hear testimony from Edmonds , but in February 2004 relented under pressure from the Family Steering Committee .
Edmonds testified for 3.5 hours ; the Commission report 's only mention of this is an end note about the FBI needing to improve quality control in the Translation Unit .
This , even though both Congress and the Inspector General had confirmed her allegations , they bore directly on 9/11 and national security , and many prominent people and institutions believed the " state secrets " privilege was being abused in her case .
March 2 , 2005 the House of Representatives Committee on Government Reform held hearings on government secrecy and over - classification ; Sibel Edmonds testified about these things as they related to her case , but did n't address her other allegations specifically .
Members of both sides pledged support for her ; Representative Henry Waxman promised to hold public hearings into her case if the Democrats gained a majority ; now that they have one and he's the Chairman he has not done so , despite substantial public pressure .
To summarize ; Sibel Edmonds is a witness to criminal actions by government officials that amount to treason , our government is not addressing this , and the media have neglected the story while supporting her right to speak in court .
I 'll conclude with a quote from Ms. Edmonds '
House testimony ; " The problems I have reported have serious consequences to our national security ; and have already been confirmed by the Inspector General 's report and the inquiry of Senators Grassley and Leahy .
Translation units are the frontline in gathering , translating , and disseminating intelligence .
A warning in advance of the next terrorist attack may , and probably will , come in the form of a message or document in a foreign language that will have to be translated .
If an attack then occurs , which could have been prevented by acting on information in such a message , who will tell family members of the new terrorist attack victims that nothing more could have been done ?
There will be no excuse that we did not know , because we do know . "
Sibel Edmonds ' website is http://www.justacitizen.com
*** SIBEL EDMONDS :US GOVERNMENT TIMELINE ***
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
One Laptop per Child designer Yves Behar ( watch his TEDTalk ) shares exciting news about the top - to - bottom redesign of the XO laptop — sometimes called the “ $ 100 laptop . ”
He writes :
With the XO ( 1.0 ) , we pushed the boundaries of what a laptop could be by lowering the cost dramatically , being green ( no heavy metals , lowest energy consumption ever ) , and a human - driven unique design approach .
Now , with XOXO ( 2.0 ) , we are challenging what a truly collaborative and creative computing experience could be … a true departure from the traditional keyboard and screen layout , a new way to interface and play with data , information and communication :
– imagine if your learning machine was an un-interrupted screen one could interface with from any direction
– imagine if it was a reading experience just like a book , and at the same time a seamless large visual tablet
– imagine if children could play board games sitting across from each other ( or computer games ) .
The XOXO is a book , a tablet , a board … and yes , a laptop too if that is what you need .
The design is still green and white , but thin , simple , and un-interrupted by keyboards , buttons , speaker holes , input devices and visible connectors .
And it is soft to the touch , like a piece of luggage , everyday luggage you can take anywhere .
Planned for early 2010 , the XOXO should be the next learning object of desire , from Bogota , to Istanbul , to New York .
‘ Wanderlust ’ in 3-D :
This video file is very large , so please be patient while it loads .
Click here if you need 3 - D glasses .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
‘ Wanderlust ’ in 2 - D :
Sometime last year , podcaster Anneke Rudegeair bought three different brands of condoms .
This month , she sat down with TurboTax and listed the cost of rubbers as a deduction .
It was , she believes , a business expense .
Rudegair , 28 , is better known to legions of fans as Soccergirl Incorporated , the self - described " podcasting librarian with big tits . "
Her job , for which she grossed $ 22,000 in 2007 , is to show off her charms on her site and purr about all things sexual in her podcasts .
So there 's an argument to be made that the Future - Condom Challenge she and her boyfriend undertook was part of the gig .
" What otherwise would be your regular life becomes your business life ; that 's been true for podcasting since the beginning , " said Rudegair , of Germantown , N.Y .
" It 's all legitimate . "
Nice work if you can get it .
Which , technically , is the central conundrum of new media pioneers and their accountants at tax time :
In an age when bloggers and podcasters are making a living – or trying to – by blogging and podcasting about their personal lives , what exactly is legitimate ?
And if writing off your personal life is as easy as writing about it online and getting some Google ads , why does n't everybody do it ?
The Internal Revenue Service certainly does n't make it clear .
A request for information was met with directions to a page at IRS.gov entitled Business or Hobby ?
Answer Has Implications for Deductions .
There , the public is informed that " an activity is carried on for profit if it makes a profit during at least three of the last five tax years , including the current year . "
Broadly , the notion is you have to make some money .
But there 's no further details concerning the IRS ' views on how living one 's life in public apply to expenses that are " common and accepted in the taxpayer 's trade or business . "
It 's a topic so new , it confounded a number of legal and tax experts contacted for this story .
A spokeswoman for the Office of Tax Policy Research at the University of Michigan 's Ross School of Business said her experts could n't comment because , " As we move into new technology , it 's really hard to know about some of this stuff . "
" I had n't really thought about bloggers , but they 're basically making their personal lives their businesses , " said John Robinson , an accounting professor at the University of Texas ' McCombs School of Business .
" When you make expenditures that are primarily for business purposes , then it 's deductible .
If it 's primarily personal , then it 's not .
As for the experimental use of a condom , you have to ask , would she have engaged in these extra expenditures were it not for her work ?
I honestly do n't know how I 'd apply that rule .
This is plowing new ground . "
Indeed , those in the field are feeling their way as the mediums mature .
Rudegair said she was nervous the first time she put " podcaster " on the form as her occupation , worried that " they 'll think it 's a made - up thing . "
And Mike Yusi , who produces the twice - weekly music show UCRadio out of his Los Angeles home , illustrated the difficulty defining whether his show is a hobby or a job by indicating that he " would do it whether I could write it off or not , but once the possibility to offset the costs came up , I jumped at it . "
Rob Walch , coauthor of Tricks of the Podcasting Masters and host of Podcast411 , agreed there 's some gray area .
" If you were to go to get a manicure or massage and you blog podcast about it and you are making money on the blog or podcast , you could write it off , " Walch said .
" But that does not mean you will not get audited . "
That 's the rub , said New York blogger Julia Allison , who writes extensively about her personal life at her And Another Thing … blog and in her work for TimeOut New York .
The IRS , she quipped , will audit a podcaster who expenses condoms " just for fun . "
" The IRS does n't understand , is n't interested in understanding that your personal life can sometimes merge with your professional life , " she said .
" It has to be 100 percent business .
If there 's even a small percentage that is for your personal life , you can't expense it . "
Many play it safe .
Dennis Gray of San Luis Opisbo , California , host of the parenting podcast 101 Uses For Baby Wipes , often receives free products for review .
To avoid the tax consequences of receiving those items , he gives them away on the show when he 's done .
" That makes it a wash , an income and expense at the same time , " he said .
" I do n't want to have to declare all that nonsense , book it as income , use it as income , calculate appreciation and turn around and sell it .
So I get rid of it to avoid the tax man . "
For Rudegair 's part , she said she hesitated to deduct much early on but now she puts down such items as those condoms and outfits she buys for her web videos as well as such traditional business expenses as computer equipment , home - office space and travel related to promoting her show .
" I do n't know if I 'm going to get in trouble for this , but it 's defendable , " she said .
" I mean , I 'd love to show the IRS which episode I did what I did in . "
Gallery visitors view the painting through a microscope
The artist took 10 days to create the mini-masterpiece using a single rabbit hair as a paintbrush .
Visitors to a Chinese gallery who wanted to view the tiny artwork had to look at it through a microscope .
Other micro-painters include Russian artist Valeriy Dvoryanov who creates oil paintings of famous people on poppy seeds and grains of rice .
The image was painted with a rabbit hair
His biggest work to date is his 2003 picture of the Titanic , on a 2 mm - long mineral sliver .
One of his works is inscribed with the words : " I have loved the sun all my life and always wanted to paint the sun " in letters a fraction of a millimetre wide , painted using a sharpened human hair .
And in 2002 , Micro-artist Willard Wigan spent months designing , sculpting and painting a miniature figure of Muhammad Ali fighting Sonny Liston on a pin head .
His collection includes a Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs , Tower Bridge and Jesus - each fitted into the eye of a needle .
It also features a minute Statue of Liberty and a boxing ring containing Lennox Lewis and Evander Holyfield .
The return of the last of three Antarctic marine science research vessels marks the culmination of one of Australia 's most ambitious International Polar Year projects , a census of life in the icy Southern Ocean known as the Collaborative East Antarctic Marine Census ( CEAMARC ) .
Australia 's Aurora Australis and collaborating vessels L'Astrolabe ( France ) and Umitaka Maru ( Japan ) have returned from the Southern Ocean , their decks overflowing with a vast array of ocean life including a number of previously unknown species collected from the cold waters near the East Antarctic land mass .
While the French and Japanese ships have been examining the mid and upper ocean environment over the past two months , Aurora Australis had her eyes fixed on the ocean floor , using both traditional and innovative sampling equipment to capture the diversity of life .
Aurora Australis voyage leader Dr Martin Riddle says that their expedition uncovered a remarkably rich , colourful and complex range of marine life in this previously unknown environment .
" Some of the video footage we have collected is really stunning – it's amazing to be able to navigate undersea mountains and valleys and actually see what the animals look like in their undisturbed state , " he said .
" In some places every inch of the sea floor is covered in life .
In other places we can see deep scars and gouges where icebergs scour the sea floor as they pass by .
Gigantism is very common in Antarctic waters – we have collected huge worms , giant crustaceans and sea spiders the size of dinner plates .
advertisement
" This survey establishes a point of reference to monitor the impact of environmental change in Antarctic waters .
For example , ocean acidification , caused by rising atmospheric carbon dioxide levels , will make it harder for marine organisms to grow and sustain calcium carbonate skeletons .
" It is predicted that the first effects of this will be seen in the cold , deep waters of Antarctica .
Our results provide a robust benchmark for testing these predictions . "
CEAMARC Project Leader Dr Graham
Hosie said that researchers are only beginning to understand the complex biodiversity that lies beneath the surface of the Southern Ocean and its importance in local , regional and global ecosystems .
" This research will help scientists understand how communities have adapted to the unique Antarctic environment .
Our work also has wider applications , for example understanding fish community composition and structure is particularly important to explain the impacts of commercial trawling .
" Specimens collected will be sent to universities and museums around the world for identification , tissue sampling and bar - coding of their DNA .
Not all of the creatures that we found could be identified and it is very likely that some new species will be recorded as a result of these voyages . "
CEAMARC is part of the international Census of Antarctic Marine Life , coordinated by the Australian Antarctic Division , which will see some 16 voyages to Antarctic waters during this , the International Polar Year ( 2007 -2009 ) .
The Census of Antarctic Marine Life will survey the biodiversity of Antarctic slopes , abyssal plains , open water , and under disintegrating ice shelves .
The census aims to determine species biodiversity , abundance and distribution and establish a baseline dataset from which future changes can be observed .
Video available at : http://www.aad.gov.au/MediaLibrary/asset/mediaitems/ml_394975880439815_see_ocean_floor_footage.mp4
EC2onRails を使って、既存 のRailsアプリをEC2上で動くようにするための手順のメモです。
EC2onRails を複数アプリ対応にする方法のメモ を適用した状態を想定しています。
config / dep loy.rb を用意 （サンプルファイルはこちら） : server_co nfig_files _root を適当に設定し、指定し たPATH にディレクトリを作る。 Capfileを以下のような感じで用意。 1 load ' deploy ' if respond_to ? ( : namespace ) 2 load ' config / dep loy ' 3 require ' ec2onrails /recipes ' 4 5 set : deploy_to , " /mnt/app/<app_name > " 6 7 8 namespace : deploy do 9 desc << - " DESC " 10 Overrides the default Capistrano deploy : start , directly calls \
11 / etc /ini t. d / mongrel 12 DESC 13 task : start , : roles => : app do 14 run " /etc / init . d/mongrel start #{ applicatio n } " 15 end 16 17 desc << - " DESC " 18 Overrides the default Capistrano deploy : stop , directly calls \ 19 / etc /ini t. d / mongrel 20 DESC 21 task : stop , : roles => : app do 22 run " /etc / init . d/mongrel stop #{ applicatio n } " 23 end 24 25 desc << - " DESC " 26 Overrides the default Capistrano deploy : restart , directly calls \ 27 / etc /ini t. d / mongrel 28 DESC 29 task : restart , : roles => : app do 30 run " /etc / init . d/mongrel restart #{ applicatio n } " 31 end 32 end EC2onRails が上書きしたデフォルトのタスクをさらに上書きして、複数アプリ対応できるようにしています。
3 . 最後に、mongrel_cl usterを使うので、 config/mon grel_clust er.yml ファイルを用意します。 1 - - - 2 cwd : /mnt/app/<app_name>/current 3 port : 8000 4 environmen t : production 5 pid_file : log / mongre l.pid 6 servers : 3 ポート番号はサーバをシェアするアプリ間で適当に割り振ります。
あとは、以下のコマンドを実行してデプロイします。
1 cap ec2onrails : setup 2 cap deploy : col
d
最後に、EC2onRails を複数アプリ対応にする方法のメモに書いてあるような、EC2上のApacheのVirtualHos tの設定と 、ProxyBalan cerの設定を行います。
Constructing Hell How Josef Fritzl Created his Regime of Terror
For 24 years Josef Fritzl led a double life :
Above ground , he played the upstanding family man , while in the basement he imprisoned and raped his daughter .
Details are slowly emerging of how he ruthlessly planned his terrible crime .
“ Greenspan gaveth , and Bernanke hath taken away . ”
Put a different way : “ Ludwig von Mises was right .
The Federal Reserve System is wrong . ”
( This rule is always correct — as Mises used to say , with “ apodictic certainty . ” )
I knew gold ’s decline was near .
Also silver ’s .
How did I know ?
Because I understand Mises ’ theory of the business cycle .
The central bank inflates .
This creates a boom .
This creates sectoral bubbles .
Then the central bank ceases to inflate .
The bubbles will pop .
The economy will go into a recession .
On Monday , March 17 , I posted this article on my website , www.GaryNorth.com: “ How to Short Gold and Still Keep Your Gold Coins . ”
I had asked a specialist in commodity futures to write it the previous Friday .
He sent it to me on Saturday .
I scheduled it for automatic posting at 12:01 Monday morning .
That article must have seemed strange all day Monday .
Gold was at $ 1,005 .
In the aftermarket , it rose to $ 1,029 .
Then it fell back .
Why did I have this article written ?
Because I have believed for months that the Federal Reserve ’s policy of monetary deflation would at last break the commodities market , which I believed had all the characteristics of a bubble .
This was the last remaining Greenspan bubble .
On Friday , March 14 , I wrote this article : “ In December , I Predicted Disinflation .
Now It ’s Happening .
Is Your Portfolio Hedged ? ”
It was posted on Saturday .
I reported on the most recent figure for the Consumer Price Index for February : 0 % price inflation .
I wrote this :
There are good reasons to invest in gold and silver .
Inflation hedging in 2008 is not one of them .
I realize that what I have been saying is opposed to almost everything you have read .
All I can say is that February confirmed my predictions .
We will see if March does .
And April .
Next time someone rants and raves about mass inflation , sit tight .
Be polite .
Do n’t believe it .
Someday , yes .
Not in 2008 or 2009 .
Probably not in 2010 .
This recession is going to see to that .
On that same day , March 15 , I posted this article : “ What Is This Gold Chart Signaling ? ” I wrote :
The general commodities boom is adding fuel to the fire .
Of course , this can reverse along with commodities in general .
Recessions push down commodities prices .
I have discussed this before .
When you buy coins , buy for the long haul .
If you are buying bullion stored off shore , you should be prepared to sell half your holdings — not all at once — if gold moves down .
Pick a price move and stick with it , such as $ 50 .
Sell 10 % of your holdings for every $ 50 move down .
If you are in a gold ETF , the same rule applies .
These articles , posted on Saturday , were the background material for the article on Monday on how to short gold .
On Monday , the base metals fell sharply : copper , zinc , lead , and aluminum .
I wrote an article predicting that gold would be next .
I posted in on Tuesday .
It was titled , “ What Base Metals Are Saying About Gold . ” I wrote :
Hold gold bullion coins .
These are for hedging against disaster .
They are held to pass down to children .
Do n’t buy them as a hedge against inflation in 2008 .
There is neither monetary inflation nor price inflation today .
The CPI in February was flat : 0 % . In a recession , short - term credit is king .
This is why the T - bill rate fell on March 17 to 1.11 % .
If you are not sure which way gold is going , but you want to hold your physical position , you can short gold .
What you lose in one account , you will make in the other .
This is a break - even strategy .
Do n’t sell yet , but get ready emotionally to sell .
If gold falls to $ 949 , sell 10 % of your bullion position , or short enough bullion to protect 10 % of your investment .
Sell 10 % on $ 50 moves downward : daily closing prices .
Consider this : events that would push gold up to $ 2,000 would collapse the stock market .
But a recession could drive down both gold and stocks .
It ’s safer to sell gold and use the money to short stocks .
I do n’t see the stock market rising and gold falling for months on end .
By that point , I was convinced that the bull market in commodities had ended .
Gold would soon follow .
So , I wrote a long essay that explained in detail why I thought that it was time to sell gold or short it .
It was posted on Wednesday , March 18 .
I opened it to the general public , so that everyone could see the logic of my warning .
I titled it : “ Every Investment Strategy Needs an Exit Strategy , Even Gold .
Do You Have One ? “
I made it clear in that article that I was using Mises ’ theory of the business cycle to make my prediction .
I believe in the Austrian School ’s theory of money , including the business cycle .
I have written a short book on this .
I am not so committed to a position proclaiming the ever - rising price of gold that I am willing to abandon Mises ’ theory of the boom - bust cycle in order to hold such a position .
Gold is ideal for Mises ’ inflationary crack - up boom , although not as good as a home with a garden in the country and a few thousand gallons of diesel .
This is not the crack - up boom .
There has to be monetary inflation for a crack - up boom to occur .
Today , there is n’t any .
On that day , gold , silver , and platinum fell like stones .
Gold was down almost $ 50 .
It breached the $ 949 figure .
So , I took my own advice .
I sold a chunk of my gold .
I did not sell all of it .
But I decided that it was time to begin taking profits .
I report all this to let you know that what I am going to tell you here , I told my site ’s members before it happened .
I saw this one coming .
WE ARE IN A DEFLATION
I define deflation as “ a decline in the money supply . ”
Deflation produces price deflation .
Precious metals ’ prices do not normally rise in a deflation .
When they do , it ’s because they are in a bubble .
Deflation will pop the bubble .
Deflation has now popped the bubble .
I have repeatedly warned my readers that the Federal Reserve was deflating .
I have warned for a year that under Bernanke , FED policy had changed , that he was determined to whip inflation , and that the FED was barely inflating — in the range of 1 % a year .
If you have read my reports , you knew about this shift long ago .
I kept saying that all forecasts based on the useless and misleading M3 figure would turn out to be wrong .
M3 has always vastly overrated the rate of monetary inflation .
The FED was correct in scrapping it in 2006 .
So , to make my position crystal clear one last time , I posted this article on February 18 : “ What the Federal Reserve Is Doing to Solve the Credit Crunch .
This Is Getting Little Publicity . ”
I began the article with these words : “ The Federal Reserve is deflating . ”
Then I offered evidence .
I opened this article to the general public .
I realize that you have read article after article about Federal Reserve inflation .
All of them were wrong — not a little wrong or sort of wrong , but completely wrong .
We now see the effects of deflation : a CPI of 0 % and a falling gold market .
Housing is falling .
This has not happened since the Great Depression .
The T - bill interest rate fell to 0.61 % on Wednesday , March 18 .
I have not seen T - bill rates under 1 % in my adult lifetime .
We are seeing a frantic dash to liquidity .
This is a deflationary mentality .
In the Great Depression , T - bill rates fell below 1 % .
WILL THE FED INFLATE ?
Of course the FED will inflate .
But it is not inflating now .
This is why gold is falling now , and why real estate is falling now .
Will gold come back ?
Yes .
The question is : How far will it fall ?
The other question is :
Will you sell gold now and buy back more later ?
I do n’t mean sell all of it .
I mean sell some of it and sell more of it as the price falls .
Then buy gold when you think inflation has returned .
Sell gold mining shares first .
Then sell bullion .
Then sell a few coins .
Sell the coins last , and maybe not at all .
You can short gold to protect the value of your coins .
The money you lose in holding the coins is offset by the profit you make by shorting .
The FED has been in deflation mode ever since last August .
We are now seeing the results .
The equity markets are falling .
Treasury bonds have risen .
It is going to take a complete reversal of FED policy to re-inflate this economy .
The solvency of major firms and investment banks is at risk .
Mere fiat money at ( say ) 6 % per annum will not save them .
The capital markets are unraveling too fast .
I do not recommend getting rid of all your gold because there are still offsetting factors , such as war with Iran , a falling dollar , a major terrorist attack , a major purchase of gold by a central bank .
There is another factor : the bullion banks .
They have borrowed gold from the central banks for an annual interest payment of 1 % per annum .
They have used the money from the sale of this borrowed gold to buy bonds .
Rising gold prices threaten them with bankruptcy .
They do n’t have enough money to buy back the gold and return it to the central banks .
In a deflation , gold falls and bond prices rise .
This two - fold action will save the bullion banks .
These banks are where the elite invest their money .
They will be able to unwind their positions .
They can sell their bonds and re-buy gold if the want to .
If I were them , I would want to .
What is happening is a dream come true for the bullion bankers who borrowed gold to get money to invest in bonds .
If they start buying gold to repay the central banks , this will put a floor under gold .
That ’s why I think gold will not collapse in price to $ 100 or anything like that .
But I think it will fall enough for the carry trade in gold to be unwound quietly .
That ’s why I recommend selling 10 % of your gold in response to $ 50 downward moves .
I do n’t know where the bottom is .
CONCLUSION
This recession is going to be a bad one .
You need to protect your investments against deflation .
I still recommend foreign currencies .
I have for years .
I think your first line of self - defense is your job .
If you lose your job , you are in big trouble .
You will have to sell your assets in a fire sale economy .
You need to do whatever it takes to increase your value to your employer .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
960 Grid System
Download - CSS , sketch paper , and templates for : Acorn , Fireworks , Flash , InDesign , GIMP , Inkscape , Illustrator , OmniGraffle , Photoshop , QuarkXPress , Visio , Exp Design .
Repository at GitHub .
Essence
The 960 Grid System is an effort to streamline web development workflow by providing commonly used dimensions , based on a width of 960 pixels .
There are two variants : 12 and 16 columns , which can be used separately or in tandem .
Read more .
Dimensions
The 12 - column grid is divided into portions that are 60 pixels wide .
The 16 - column grid consists of 40 pixel increments .
Each column has 10 pixels of margin on the left and right , which create 20 pixel wide gutters between columns .
View demo .
Purpose
The premise of the system is ideally suited to rapid prototyping , but it would work equally well when integrated into a production environment .
There are printable sketch sheets , design layouts , and a CSS file that have identical measurements .
More Columns
For those more comfortable designing on a 24 - column grid , an alternative version is also included .
It consists of columns 30 pixels wide , with 10 pixel gutters , and a 5 pixel buffer on each side of the container .
This keeps text from touching browser chrome — helpful for devices like the iPhone , where a lower - case " i " or " l " might be easily missed .
View demo .
Source Order
By utilizing the push_XX and pull_XX classes , elements can be rearranged , independent of the order in which they appear in the markup .
This allows you to keep more pertinent info higher in the HTML , without sacrificing precision in your page layout .
For instance , view the source code of this page to see how the H1 tag has been re-positioned .
Sony Music — 16 col
Drupal — 12 col
Fedora Project — 16 col
5 by5 Studios — 12 col
Hugh Griffith — 12 col
Nick Finck — 16 col
Gantry Framework — 12 col
Trakt — 12 col
51bits — 12 col
Onehub — 16 col
Four Kitchens — 12 col
Sacramento International Airport — 16 col
Tapbots — 12 col
VCU Qatar — 12 col
American Institute of Architects — 12 col
Pulse App — 16 col
Refresh Boston — 16 col
Right From the Heart — 16 col
Black Estate Vineyard — 12 col
Simplified Safety — 16 col
A Better Office — 12 col
Brand Rich Media — 12 col
Pixel Dreams — 16 col
Formalize CSS — 12 col
Code View comprehensive code on the demo page .
To the right is an example of how the code works .
The container specifies how many total columns exist , either 12 or 16 .
For the most part , you will only ever need to specify a class name of grid_XX , where XX represents the column width .
If a grid unit contains grid children , the first child in a row will need a class of alpha and the last child in a row requires the class name omega .
Likewise , if you want to insert empty space before or after a grid unit , use class prefix_XX or suffix_XX .
< div class=" container_12 " > < div class = " grid_7 prefix_1 " > < div class = " grid_2 alpha " > ... </div> < div class= " grid_3 " > ... </div> < div class = " grid_2 omega " > ... </div> </div> < div class= " grid_3 suffix_1 " > ... </div> </div>
Nine - Sixty
All modern monitors support at least 1024 × 768 pixel resolution .
960 is divisible by 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , 15 , 16 , 20 , 24 , 30 , 32 , 40 , 48 , 60 , 64 , 80 , 96 , 120 , 160 , 192 , 240 , 320 and 480 .
This makes it a highly flexible base number to work with .
Credits I drew inspiration from these individuals : Khoi Vinh , Cameron Moll , Olav Bjørkøy , Brandon Schauer , Jeff Croft , Mark Boulton , and Eric Meyer .
Their work spurred me to create my own .
I “ stand on the shoulders of giants , ” so to speak .
Plugins
In addition to design template files , there are app plugins for Photoshop and Fireworks included in the official download .
Additionally , DMXzone has created a Dreamweaver extension , which is available free to members of their site .
Tutorials Web Designer Depot featured an article on writing less code by styling tags directly .
Nettuts has both a tutorial and video .
WooThemes wrote a post entitled “ Why we love 960.gs . ”
There are also articles in Spanish and Swedish [ 1 ] [ 2 ] .
Derivatives
The 960 Grid System is free to use , and may be repurposed to meet your specific needs .
Several projects have already spun off , including versions built to be fluid and responsive .
Additionally , it is has been adapted as a theme for Drupal .
HTML - CSS - 508 — 960 Grid System by Nathan Smith .
Hosted by DreamHost
Google has announced that Android O comes with an improved battery life , a better Notification System and more .
Android O is the upgraded version of Android N and developers have already confirmed that it ’s going to bring some major changes especially in the efficiency area .
Check out some of the most important ones so far .
Better battery
It ’s no news that Androids have a huge problem with the battery life , and you probably carry around a second battery .
It seems that Android O is working intensively to fix this problem .
Android O ’s impressive new battery life has to do with Background Limits – a software upgrade especially created for improving the battery through app use .
It works by reducing the use of apps running in the background and , as a result , the battery will last longer .
Software concerns
David Burke , Android ’s VP of Engineering , says that the new software will bring a few changes .
For instance , the apps ’ functionality in the background has been limited in areas such as background services , implicit broadcasts and location updates .
There have been some concerns regarding the Background Limits and the impact it could have on apps ; it seems that it ’s possible that some apps will stop working properly , and app developers will have to take this into consideration when they ’ll create future Android updates .
Upgraded Notification System
The new Notification System comes with an option that lets you organize notifications into app - defined channels or categories .
This will offer users more control of their screens , and they ’ll also be able to better see what ’s up with each channel as there are some new visuals and grouping available .
The new Notification System will categorize notifications into multiple similar - minded groups and you ’ll be able to customize channels however you want .
Other announced features
PiP displays
Autofill APIs
Font resources in HML
Better connectivity
Adaptive icons
Keyboard navigation
Audi API for Pro Audio
Java 8 Language APIs
WebView improvements
Partner platform contributions
You can become a part of the testing process and all you have to do is download Android O on your phone .
Remember that it might come with flaws , as the software is still unfinished .
But competition to catch the eye of the man who already has everything is fierce , and an entire publishing industry has sprung up to teach the fairer sex how to snare an oligarch - tutoring them in everything from what clothes to wear through to strategies in the bedroom and the divorce court .
See TracChangeset for help on using the changeset viewer .
How to Feel More Pleasure : Crank up the Mystery
When we get a gift from someone out of the blue , alarm bells start ringing .
What do they want ?
What have they done ?
There must be a reason for this unexplained act of kindness …
We naturally like to try and figure out other people ’s motivations ; using rationality to reduce uncertainty helps us make sense of the world .
The problem is that sober and logical reflection seems to kill the pleasure and romance of a moment .
Sometimes it ’s better to be kept in the dark , better to just marvel at the unexpected bounty that has come our way .
Truly not knowing can mean intrigue and excitement .
Do n’t try to make sense of it , just enjoy it !
But is there any evidence for the idea that mystery increases pleasure ?
University of Virginia social psychologist Professor Timothy D. Wilson and colleagues have applied some cool rationality to all this romance and mystery nonsense and discovered there just might be some truth to it .
Here ’s what they did .
A $ 1 present
“ We like to promote Random Acts of Kindness !
Have a nice day !
” Experimenters set out across campus to the library armed with two types of cards , both with dollar coins attached to them ( Wilson , Centerbar , Kermer & Gilbert , 2005 ) .
These two types of cards were almost identical : both had a big smiley face at the top , and next to it was written “ This is for you ! ” .
Underneath there was some text saying : “ The Smile Society , A Student / Community Secular Alliance .
We like to promote Random Acts of Kindness !
Have a nice day ! ” .
On the other card the only difference was that the statements had matching questions of “ Who are we ? ” and “ Why do we do this ? ” .
So both cards had pretty much the same information on them , but one also had corresponding questions .
A preliminary study confirmed that people saw the cards with the questions as providing a better logical explanation of the unexpected gift , whereas without the questions the gift was more mysterious .
They randomly chose people sitting in the library and gave them one of the two cards with the $ 1 attached .
Then , under the guise of carrying out a different study a short time later , they got a measure of their mood .
The results showed that those who were less certain about why they ’d been given a gift remained happier than those who were more certain .
So it does seem that mystery prolongs the pleasure .
Different situations
The experimenters followed up with two further tests of the idea in different circumstances .
In one participants watched an uplifting film based on a true story .
They were then given two passages to read about what had happened to the person after the film .
These were both positive but differed slightly in their details .
One group was told which was the true story , the other group was kept in the dark .
Again , the uncertain group were in a more positive mood for longer after seeing the film .
Those who were uncertain which of the six had praised them were happier with their positive feedback for longer .
In the second situation participants thought they were involved in a study about other people ’s impression of them online .
After interacting with six different people they were given positive feedback about the impression they had made .
In one group participants were told specifically which of the six people had given them feedback , whereas in the other group they were n’t .
As in the previous two studies those who were more uncertain were happier with their positive feedback for longer .
The explanation
It might seem strange that increased uncertainty can maximise pleasure in these situations because uncertainty is often associated with anxiety .
People automatically do their best to avoid uncertainty – it is how we cope with negative emotional events .
Research shows that when people are exposed to traumatic events , the sooner they ‘ make sense ’ of what has happened , the sooner the negative emotion is reduced and they recover .
We try to reduce our uncertainty by explaining positive events and thereby reduce the amount of positive emotion we feel .
Exactly the same process seems to operate for positive emotions .
We try to reduce our uncertainty by explaining positive events and thereby reduce the amount of positive emotion we feel .
It ’s an unfortunate consequence of an adaptive process that normally helps us recover from traumatic and upsetting events .
So , the next time you give someone an unexpected gift and they ask why , just smile mysteriously and let them enjoy the moment for a little longer .
Sometimes explanations really do kill the magic .
[ Image credit : amortize ]
References
Wilson , T. D. , Centerbar , D. B. , Kermer , D. A. , & Gilbert , D. T. ( 2005 ) .
The pleasures of uncertainty : Prolonging positive moods in ways people do not anticipate .
Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , 88 ( 1 ) , 521 .
Steven Tyler Checks Into Rehab
, lead singer of the rock band Aerosmith , has entered the Las Encianas Hospital drug rehabilitation clinic in Pasadena , California .
This is the same facility where the reality show Celebrity Rehab is filmed .
Tyler , who was known many years ago for his hard partying ways , had reportedly maintained his sobriety for 20 years .
Without knowing the story we can only say good for him for getting the help he needs to get back to living a clean life .
Tyler is seeking treatment for substance abuse as reported by TMZ .
We will post additional details as they emerge .
Ever since the announcements began coming out that there were going to be some bailouts to help the mortgage “ crisis ” , I ’ve been a bit ticked off , and according to a recent Yahoo !
Finance article , I ’m not alone .
An Absurd Example
The article talks about one common example that I find absurd :
For example , one subprime borrower had a riskier hybrid adjustable rate mortgage ( ARM ) with a rate of just under 7 percent that was going to reset in December to 10.5 percent .
But last month , as part of a new bailout plan from Countrywide Financial , the lender gave him a rate reduction to 5 percent on his loan , saving him hundreds of dollars a month .
Now wait a minute , 5 percent ?
That is lower than what most people even with good credit can get on a 15 - year fixed mortgage right now !
How on earth do you somehow find yourself getting out of a 7 % to 10.5 % ARM and getting refinanced into something lower than what someone with good credit can even get ?
I could see if the refinancing put the new rate in the ballpark of current rates of 5.5 % - 6.5 % , but to be significantly lower ?
Countrywide said it will refinance or restructure loans or reduce interest for hybrid ARM borrowers whose rates are scheduled to reset .
And no one will have to pony up prepayment penalties for retiring loans early …
The company will administer the program with non-profit community advocate , the Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America ( NACA ) .
Some troubled borrowers will escape with refinanced loans as low as 5.25 percent .
Is This Alternative Better Than the Greater Sin ?
According to Countrywide ’s CEO of loan administration , this is a better alternative of the greater sin of letting the homes go into foreclosure .
He argues that a vacant home in the community would just drive down property values for everyone .
I can see that , and it is a reasonable justification , but is handing out money to the irresponsible really a better alternative ?
All this is doing is encouraging someone to remain in a house that is more than they can afford , even with the slashed rates .
If someone is in a position to require the bailout , they have clearly bit off more than they can chew .
While their mortgage payment may have gone down , they still have an expensive house that requires property taxes , maintenance , higher utility bills , and so on .
This is sending the wrong message to borrowers .
Taxpayers May End Up Funding The Bailouts
If you are a responsible borrower that makes your payments on time and took out a reasonable mortgage , how would you feel if your tax dollars were going to people who are getting their interest rates cut to lower than what you ’re paying just because they bought more house than they could afford ?
As more and more money is required to fund these bailout plans , it will start coming right out of your pocket .
Rewarding Irresponsibility
If people who get in over their head find the government or their lender coming to their rescue to make everything better , what kind of message are we sending ?
If there is no negative consequence for their actions , there is no incentive to act any differently in the future .
This just further promotes the hand - holding that goes on in this country where someone will be there to help you when you mess up .
If someone with a ridiculous mortgage can refinance without fees and get a rate around 5 % , why ca n’t I be able to do the same and refinance to around 4 % ?
What is the reward for acting responsibly ?
There is n’t one , unless you just want to pat yourself on the back for making a sound decision .
[ poll =12 ]
But an employee at the store , Zack Kassim , 19 , said that Bunkless and two friends had entered the store on Sunday night and immediately started shoving cakes , candies and sodas into their pockets .
Mr. Kassim said that when he yelled at the boys they ran behind the cash register and one of them slashed him with a box cutter .
Image William Bovian , standing , at home after his brother was injured .
Bunkless Bovians basketball coach is seated at left .
Credit ... Tyler Hicks / The New York Times
“ They were trying to rob us , ” Mr. Kassim said on Monday , displaying cuts on his left wrist and forearm .
“ They were n’t playing around .
If it was outside , in the store , it would be different .
But when they came behind the counter it was something else . ”
Family members described Bunkless , who lives in a public - housing project near the store , as an avid basketball player with a dresser full of trophies to prove it .
He has three brothers and four sisters and attends Intermediate School 323 , his family said .
They said he was known as Bullaboo .
While his relatives said he was leader to his teammates on the court and a good friend to them when they were not playing ball , some neighbors at the Howard Houses said he was a source of irritation and harassment to the employees at Munchies Grocery .
Marilyn Quintana , a neighbor , said her 10 - year - old son , Raul , was in the store when the fight took place .
She said Raul left his money and a sandwich on the counter and ran home to tell his older brother , Bryan , that one of his friends had been badly hurt .
Aurelia , a female waldrapp ibis who turns four this spring , has had a tough year .
In September , somewhere south of the Austrian Alps , she lost her two offspring and her mate while migrating south .
It was a major blow to one of Europe 's most precarious bird species and to the team of researchers trying to increase their numbers .
Then , last month , she left a bird sanctuary on the Tuscan coast in central Italy along with a male bird , Medea , embarking on the arduous 930 km return journey that , if followed properly , would take them north - east over Italy 's Apennines , along the Adriatic coast , up and over the Venice lagoon and then steadily north - north - east into Austria .
At the end of the line , the two would be able to breed again .
For a tense week , the whereabouts of the birds were unknown until last Monday , when Dr Johannes Fritz , an Austrian biologist specialising in animal behaviour and head of the waldrapp research team , received a phone call from an excited bird enthusiast who came within two metres of Aurelia , solo , in a valley in the Austrian Alps , about 30 km off course .
She was lost in the same spot as last year , about 140 km southeast of the final destination , Scharnstein , Austria - so Dr Fritz 's team collected her and drove her the rest of the way .
She is now safely at the breeding ground ; unfortunately , there is still no sign of Medea , her intended mate .
If they are to survive , the waldrapp ibises , also known as northern bald ibises , need more human assistance than the average bird .
The northern bald ibis is one of the rarest bird species on the planet .
In the wild there remains just one large colony , of about 350 birds , on the Moroccan coast ; less than a dozen more are scattered in a small community in Syria .
They are on the World Conservation Union 's " red list " of threatened species .
As Fritz says , any combination of factors - a nasty virus , an unscrupulous resort developer , a sudden depletion of fresh water or food supplies - would mean instant extinction in the wild .
The birds disappeared from southern Europe about 400 years ago , hunted out of existence by the locals , who developed an appetite for these poky flyers .
Aurelia and Medea are two of a small number of hand - reared ibises that Fritz 's team is attempting to reintroduce to their former habitat .
To be sure , the birds have not evolved well .
If they do n't take flight in the first autumn of their life , they usually settle into a sedentary existence .
And even the mobile ones are far from fleet .
When they are motivated to take flight , they need almost ideal conditions to get anywhere .
A stiff tail wind is best ; a headwind is a deal - breaker .
Generations of poor self - motivation and even poorer stamina ( their top speed is 35 kph , and during migration the young require ample recuperative days off ) seem to have robbed the birds of one crucial instinct : an innate sense of direction .
They still have a powerful migratory instinct ; they just cannot be counted on to find their way .
" Early attempts to study their southerly migratory patterns were a disaster , " says Fritz .
" We had reports of them showing up in the Netherlands , Poland .
One made it as far as St Petersburg . "
The birds seem completely at home on the ground , loitering in one spot , pecking at the occasional grub .
Their jet black plumage , growing spiky and unkempt on top , gives them a distinctly punky , adolescent appearance .
Convincing them to take flight appears to be a major challenge ; even the most devoted conservationist would be tested by the northern ibis ' slacker disposition .
Not surprisingly , while this species is dying out in the wild , it is thriving in zoos around Europe .
" In general , zookeepers have more of a problem getting rid of them than they do in obtaining them , " says Fritz .
Key to the reintroduction in Europe is teaching a dozen or so young ibises to follow the near - 1,000 km route that their ancestors may have taken centuries ago , south from the Alps to Orbetello on the Tuscan coast .
The idea is to program into each generation a migratory route , plus a place to breed , which they can then pass on to the next generation .
If they do n't learn to migrate safely , they will never reach the breeding area and reproduce .
Aurelia and Medea were retracing a route they learned in summer 2004 .
At the time , they had help .
They flew south alongside Microlight aircrafts navigated by Fritz and his team .
It was one of the first successful human - assisted migrations covering such a vast distance .
This spring is the third time Aurelia has completed the northerly journey unaided .
Well , almost .
Fritz and his team fly at roughly the same altitude and at the same deliberate pace as the birds to guide them along the chosen course , which last year started at Burghausen on the German - Austria border .
The odd sight of a small flock of northern ibises trailing behind Microlights is now visible from some of the Adriatic 's beach resorts in late August and early September ; last year the migration included a low - level fly - over of the Lido during the Venice film festival .
The migration is supposed to take about three and a half weeks ; last year it took closer to seven .
The majority of the class of 2007 was unfit for the journey .
Fritz started with 17 young ibises , all born last spring at the waldrapp team 's sanctuary in Austria .
Just five completed the journey .
The others had to be driven to Tuscany .
Another casualty was one of the aircraft .
During the journey , Fritz 's Microlight caught a tricky wind and crash - landed in a field outside Arezzo just after the birds had completed one of the most arduous parts of the journey .
While Fritz tended to his Microlight , he watched in dismay as the birds , showing an uncharacteristic burst of energy , broke free of their human handlers and flew back over the mountains they had just crossed , to settle close to where they had started .
The 300 km day exhausted them ; the team collected the birds in their van the next day and drove them back across the mountains to resume the final leg , after another day off .
Despite the delays , a cost overrun of a few thousand euros , the wrecked Microlight , and the fact that the majority of the ibises watched the migratory route from the back of a van , the waldrapp team regards last year 's migration as an undisputed success .
It is , they point out , how Aurelia learned the route .
Last week , three more ibises started their northerly migration journey from Orbetello .
This time , the birds are equipped with GPS anklets to track their progress .
" It 's a much better start , " Fritz deadpans .
The U.S. government spends $ 7.5 billion to classify its information each year – that 's more taxpayer dollars than we annually put into the Department of Commerce .
But over - the - top secrecy policies are n't just an expensive governmental habit .
They give the President , the military and intelligence agencies powers far beyond what our founding fathers intended .
At least that 's the case made in Robb Moss and Peter Galison 's documentary Secrecy .
Though apparently too heady and subtle for the demands of the marketplace – it has n't caught on with Sundance buyers yet – the film shines valuable light on a particularly troubling trend in American governance .
The apparent goal of Secrecy , which consists of talking heads woven together with bits of archival and impressionistic footage , is to unravel the enormous , knotty and veiled system that keeps sensitive information out of view of American citizens .
Some of the experts , among them former NSA head Mike Levin , former Los Alamos National Lab director Sig Hecker and retired CIA officer James Bruce , argue that the classification system protects Americans , allowing , for example , surveillance on potential bad guys to continue .
Others adamantly describe the U.S. 's secrecy policies as undemocratic .
What 's deemed sensitive info – info that intentionally keeps the public in the dark – is determined entirely at the whim of public officials .
Who decides what 's dangerous info to share and what 's just embarrassing ?
How can citizens protest or resist policies they can't know about ?
Particularly convincing subjects include Washington Post reporter Barton Gellman , who helped break the no-WMDs - in - Iraq stories , and Lt. Gen. Charles Swift , who helped overturn the Bush Administration 's Guantanamo policies .
The methods of secrecy are troubling , and so is the amount of classified material .
Here 's an excerpt from a Galison essay :
The classified universe , as it is sometimes called , is certainly not smaller and very probably is much larger than this unclassified one .
No one has any very good idea how many classified documents there are .
No one did before the digital transformation of the late twentieth century , and now — at least after 2001 — even the old sampling methods are recognized to be nonsense in an age where documents multiply across secure networks like virtual weeds .
...
Some suspect as many as a trillion pages are classified ( 200 Libraries of Congress ) .
That may be too many .
In 2001 , for example , there were thirty - three million classification actions ; assuming ( with the experts ) that there are roughly 10 pages per action , that would mean roughly 330 million pages were classified last year ( about three times as many pages are now being classified as declassified ) .
So the U.S. added a net 250 million classified pages last year .
By comparison , the entire system of Harvard libraries — over a hundred of them — added about 220,000 volumes ( about 60 million pages , a number not far from the acquisition rate at other comparably massive universal depositories such as the Library of Congress , the British Museum , or the New York Public Library ) .
Contemplate these numbers : about five times as many pages are being added to the classified universe than are being brought to the storehouses of human learning , including all the books and journals on any subject in any language collected in the largest repositories on the planet .
Secrecy begins with Pearl Harbor and the growth of the U.S. intelligence infrastructure , and moves briskly through 9/11 , Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo .
The biggest revelation involves a 1953 Supreme Court case .
After a crash that killed nine servicemen , the U.S. Air Force argued that the files needed to remained closed because of national security issues .
The Supremes ruled in favor of the Air Force , and in the years since , the case has been cited in more than 600 state - secrets trials .
But when those once - classified files were opened 50 years later , they revealed no state secrets , only overwhelming evidence of military incompetence and malfeasance .
Our national secrecy system , it turns out , may be based on a single dirty lie created to save bumbling officials from embarrassment .
See also :
The big issues ?
War , hunger , and oppression , of course .
After that , questions of human communication seem pretty important to me .
Especially since the landscape we stand on is shifting .
[ Update :
The comments on this piece are fantastic .
My profound thanks to the contributors . ]
Homo sapiens has been around for 200,000 years , more or less .
Evidence suggests that human language has to be at least 50,000 years old , and there are reasonable arguments ( cf. Chomsky ) that it goes back about as far as we do .
For most of those years , the only way for people to use language was to be in each others ’ presence .
But as time has unfolded we ’ve been fixing that problem .
Not , however at an even pace :
Sorting Them Out ·
As of today , if I want to deliver a message to other humans , I have a whole lot of ways to go about it .
Most of them have the same cost : zero , more or less .
The exception is face - to - face , which can be very expensive ; consider the horrifying number of Sun ’s travel dollars that I burn every year .
I observe this , and questions occur to me .
Have we invented all the communication modes we ’re going to need , or will there be more ?
What needs are going un -addressed ?
And at the meta level : Does all this have a general higher - order structure that might help us think about these things ?
We observe empirically that humans have little trouble deciding whether any particular message is best suited to a phone call , an email , or a Twitter post .
What might be going into those decisions ?
Immediacy ·
You might also say “ latency ” ; how long does it take from a message to filter via language from your mind to mine ?
Face - to - face speech has excellent immediacy , as does a telephone conversation .
The immediacy of texting is somewhat less , and a blog post does n’t arrive until the reader gets around to looking .
Lifespan ·
How long does a message last ?
Modulo the fact that in 2007 everything is being recorded , by default a spoken word lasts only while the air ’s still vibrating , and then becomes subject to the vagaries of human wetware .
At the other end of the spectrum , a blog post potentially persists as long as the Internet ’s memory , which is an unknown quantity but almost certainly longer than the human lifespan .
Audience ·
How large an audience can a message reach ?
Face - to - face is limited by the number of people you can pack into a room ; realistically , more than a couple of hundred and it becomes more like broadcasting .
A telephone conversation usually includes only two people , while blogs and broadcasting can potentially reach , well , everybody .
Sorting Them Out ·
So , I decided to try and illustrate how these things sort out .
I assigned arbitrary Immediacy , Lifespan , and Audience scores in the range 0 - 40 to a bunch of communication modes .
F2 F Phone Text IM IRC Mail Blogs Feeds Twitter Immediacy 40 40 20 30 30 10 5 10 10 Lifespan 3 3 10 10 10 30 40 10 10 Audience 3 3 3 10 20 20 40 30 30
Then I tried graphing it .
I ’m going to keep fooling with this .
You see , if you draw the right graph , maybe you ’ll see the gaping hole in it , the Next Big Thing .
Who would n’t want to expand the human communication spectrum ?
Why are n’t more people thinking about this stuff ?
Adam Selvidge says :
Apparently someone nicknamed " A - Bomb " forgot his briefcase on his car .
04/03/2008 12:35 PM
– At 11:40 a.m. , an FSU parking attendant reported to FSU police that he had spotted a car with a suspicious package on the fourth floor of Parking Garage No. 1 on Woodward Avenue .
FSU police responded immediately and found a white Izuzu car in the southeast corner of the fourth floor with a briefcase that displayed a message about a destructive device .
FSU police set up a command post nearby , cordoned off the parking garage and the street , and evacuated the building .
They also initiated the university 's Alert notification system .
The Tallahassee Fire Department and the bomb squad are on scene .
The bomb squad is currently assessing the briefcase .
04/03/2008 1:45 PM
– At 1:30 p.m. , the FSU Police Department issued an " all clear " and said they had resolved the incident at Parking Garage No. 1 .
A local 17 - year - old high school student returned to his car and accompanied police as they searched the briefcase that had aroused suspicion .
There was nothing inside .
He told them that a message that seemed to suggest a destructive device was inside was actually his nickname , " A - Bomb . "
Officers allowed those who work in the building to return to their offices and held traffic so that drivers parked in the garage could quickly exit .
Surrounding streets were cleared , and the campus returned to normal status .
You can IRC with bad breath , or in coke - bottle glasses , or with a huge pimple and still be a sex goddess
Virtual chocolate does n't cost anything , and it has 0 calories .
You can get online at 4 am to say " I 'm feeling down " without scaring the crap out of anyone , or making them tired before work next day .
You can flirt outrageously and not worry about the guy following you home .
If you get bored , you can leave .
No questions asked .
No " one for the road . "
No " it 'll only take a second . "
You can almost always find someone who has never met or heard of your SO , so you can bitch about him in perfect privacy .
And , most importantly ...
There is no / ignore in real life .
Army doubled felony waivers for recruits in year of Iraq surge Nick Juliano
Published : Monday April 21 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
The Army doubled the number of waivers it issued to allow convicted felons to enlist between 2006 and 2007 , while felony waivers issued to Marine recruits increased by nearly 70 percent , according to newly released numbers from the Pentagon .
The House Oversight Committee released the Department of Defense statistics Monday , and requested more explanation for the increase in criminals who have been allowed into the military 's ranks .
The Army issued 511 waivers in 2007 , compared to 249 in 2006 .
The Marine Corps issued 350 waivers last year compared to 208 the year before .
According to the new data , the Army and Marines have allowed recruits who have been convicted of assault with a dangerous weapn , burglary , drug abuse , sexual assault ; in a few instances recruits were cleared to join after convinctions on terrorism or bomb - threat related charges .
" I understand that there can be valid reasons for personnel waivers and recognize the importance of providing opportunities to individuals who have served their sentences and rehabilitated themselves , " Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) , the Oversight Committee 's chairman , wrote in a letter ( .pdf ) to an undersecretary of defense .
" At the same time , concerns have been raised that the significant increase in the recruitment of persons with criminal records is a result of the strain put on the military by the Iraq war and may be undermining military readiness . "
The military only provided data on felony waivers from 2006 and 2007 , saying information from prior years or about personnel waivers granted for misdemeanor convictions had been lost due to poor record keeping , according to Waxman 's letter .
The committee chairman requested more internal documents about the protocol for granting waivers , whether the increase had to do with meeting tougher recruitment goals and any studies of the effectiveness of recruited felons the military might have produced .
Waxman 's full letter is reprinted blow : The Honorable David Chu
Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness
U.S. Department of Defense
4000 Defense Pentagon
Washington , DC 20301-4000
Dear Dr. Chu :
Thank you for responding to the Committees request for information regarding military personnel waivers issued to U.S. service members .
The data you provided the Committee shows that there was a rapid rise in 2007 in the number of waivers the Army and Marine Corps granted to recruits convicted of serious felonies , such as aggravated assault and burglary .
Some recruits were even granted waivers for felony convictions involving sexual assault and terrorist threats .
I am writing to seek more information about these trends and their implications for military readiness .
In response to our October 18 , 2007 , request , you provided the Committee with statistics regarding personnel waivers granted in 2006 and 2007 to enlistees who had been convicted of felonies .
Your office informed Committee staff that due to poor recordkeeping and maintenance , you are unable to provide similar information for prior years or regarding serious misdemeanors .
According to the data provided to the Committee , the Army and Marine Corps significantly increased the number of waivers they granted for enlistees with felony convictions from 2006 to 2007 .
Army waivers increased from 249 waivers in 2006 to 511 waivers in 2007 , while Marine Corps waivers increased from 208 waivers in 2006 to 350 waivers in 2007 .
Both branches increased the number of waivers they granted for almost every type of felony offense .
In addition , the new data provided to the Committee shows for the first time some of the offenses for which the Army and Marine Corps have granted waivers .
In 2007 , the Army and Marine Corps granted 87 waivers to enlistees who had been convicted of  [ a ] ggravated assault , assault with a dangerous weapon , [ or ] maiming ,  248 waivers to enlistees who had been convicted of [ b ] urglary ,  and 130 waivers to enlistees who had been convicted of  [ n ] arcotics or habit - forming drugs ; wrongful possession or use ( marijuana not included ) . 
The Army and Marine Corps also granted small numbers of waivers for the crimes of [r ] ape , sexual abuse , sexual assault , criminal sexual abuse , incest , or other sex crimes ,  [ i ] ndecent acts or liberties with a child , molestation ,  and [t ] errorist threats including bomb threats . 
I understand that there can be valid reasons for personnel waivers and recognize the importance of providing opportunities to individuals who have served their sentences and rehabilitated themselves .
At the same time , concerns have been raised that the significant increase in the recruitment of persons with criminal records is a result of the strain put on the military by the Iraq war and may be undermining military readiness .
To help the Committee understand these issues , I request that you provide the Committee with the following documents :
Any documents created by the Department of Defense , Army , Navy , or Marine Corps that explain , discuss , or relate to the increased number of personnel conduct waivers since 2001 ;
Any documents created by the Department of Defense , Army , Navy , or Marine Corps that explain , discuss , or relate to the lowering of standards for enlistees and whether this has any relation to meeting recruitment goals ;
Updated 2007 and 2008 data on the Distribution of Conduct Waivers by Offense Type for the Department of Defense , Army , Navy , Marine Corps , and Air Force ;
Any data , studies , or analysis done by the Department of Defense , Army , Navy , Marine Corps , or Air Force on the impact of increasing the number of personnel conduct waivers or on the performance of those enlistees for whom waivers were granted ; and
Documents describing any programs that the Department of Defense , Army , Navy , or Marine Corps have in place to provide additional training , counseling , or oversight to those enlistees for whom waivers were granted .
Please provide these documents and information to the Committee as soon as possible but in no case later than May 20 , 2008 .
In addition to the above documents and information , we also request that you provide a briefing on these issues on or before May 22 , 2008 .
The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform is the principal oversight committee in the House of Representatives and has broad oversight jurisdiction as set forth in House Rule X .
An attachment to this letter provides additional information about how to respond to the Committees request .
If you have any questions regarding this request , please contact Susanne Sachsman of the Committee staff at ( 202 ) ....
Sincerely ,
Henry A. Waxman
Chairman
Pour Reception
by Tore Knudsen , Simone Okholm Hansen and Victor Permild ‘ Pour Reception ’ is a playful radio that uses machine learning and tangible computing to challenge our cultural understanding of what an interface is and can be .
Two glasses of water are turned into a digital material for the user to explore and appropriate .
Links : Tore Knudsen
O is not a letter , it ’s a circle
by Gysin&Vanetti Gysin-Vanetti are an artist duo exploring images and patterns using the type geometries of multipurpose displays .
Using only prevailing forms , Gysin- Vanetti build images , animations and generate patterns .
Links : Gysin&Vanetti , CreativeApplications .
Net
Volume
by Softlab Created by NY based art and architecture collective Softlab , ‘ Volume ’ is an interactive cube of responsive mirrors that redirect light and sound to spatialize and reflect the excitement of surrounding festival goers .
Links : Softlab
komorebi
by Leslie Nooteboom komorebi is a platform that uses a robotic projector and generative projections to replicate the natural reflections and shadows of sunlight .
komorebi can create sunlight filtering through leaves or a dance of light and shadow .
Links : Leslie Nooteboom
Particle Flow
by NEOANALOG Particle Flow is a physical installation comprised of granules driven by gravity and topography forming an analogue particle system .
A moving slanted plane and a grid of motorized stamps control the elements to form infinite variations of behaviours and patterns .
Links : NEOANALOG , CreativeApplications .
Net
Objectifier
by Bjørn Karmann Objectifier empowers people to train objects in their daily environment to respond to their unique behaviours .
Interacting with Objectifier is much like training a pet and it sees and understands its environment .
Links : Bjørn Karmann , CreativeApplications .
Net
Random Access Memory
by Ralf Baecker Created by Berlin based Ralf Baecker , Random Access Memory is a fully functional digital memory .
Instead of operating on semi-conducting components to represent either the binary states of 0 ( zero ) or 1 ( one ) , the memory uses grains of sand as storage material .
Links : Ralf Baecker , CreativeApplications .
Net
Behavioural Complexity
by AADRL The AADRL is a post - professional graduate design programme at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London .
Their research is focused on architectural design that is proto-typical , scenario driven and uses behaviour robotics as a design enquiry .
Links : AADRL , CreativeApplications .
Net
Terrapattern
by Golan Levin , David Newbury , Kyle McDonald , Irene Alvarado , Aman Tiwari , Manzil Zaheer and The Frank - Ratchye STUDIO for Creative Inquiry Terrapattern is a visual search tool for satellite imagery .
The project provides journalists , citizen scientists , and other researchers with the ability to quickly scan large geographical regions for specific visual features .
Links : Terrapattern
By Peter Feuilherade
BBC Monitoring
TV sets are dominant in the home but they are evolving
US researchers found that Americans spend nine hours a day watching TV , using the web or talking on a mobile .
One - third of that time is devoted to using two or more media at once , noted Bob Papper , a Ball State University professor who co-authored the report .
" This is arguably in excess of anything we would have envisaged 10 years ago , " Prof Papper said .
Media mad
The team at Ball State University in Indiana looked at media take - up over 5,000 hours among a small sample of 400 people .
They tracked how consumers used 15 different media and gadgets including television , books , magazines , mobile phones , the internet , instant messaging and e-mail .
Media use was the biggest single activity in each observed day and , the researchers said , was undoubtedly the biggest life activity of all .
Top media activity was still watching TV .
But in second place was the time that people spent with their laptop and desktop computers .
" When we combine time spent on the web , using e-mail , instant messaging and software such as word processing , the computer eclipses all other media with the single exception of television , " said Prof Papper .
However , the medium that reaches most people in any given day , 94.6 % , was the telephone .
Most people , 56.9 % , used media in the home but 21.1 % did so at work , 8.3 % in the car and 13.7 % in other locations .
TV viewing
The study confirms many long - held assumptions about how Americans use the media , including the television set 's dominance in American homes .
Separate figures produced by Nielsen Media Research confirm that American families are watching more TV today than they were a decade ago .
In the 12 months up to September 2005 , the average American family viewed eight hours and 11 minutes of TV programming a day , a 2.7 % increase from the previous year .
A decade ago , from September 1994 - 95 , average total viewing was seven hours and 15 minutes .
But the Ball State study appears to overturn the cliché that younger people are the heaviest users of the web .
It found that 18 to 24 - year - olds spend less time online than any other age group , except for the over - 65s .
A survey earlier this year by the US Pew Internet and American Life project found that on a typical day in late 2004 , 70 million Americans went online , a figure 37 % higher than four years previously .
These numbers are set to rise in the future as new networking technologies , such as Wimax and 3G , reach millions more consumers .
Spending on internet advertising is projected to increase in 2006 by anywhere from 12 to 27 % , according to US media analysts .
But newspapers , despite circulation concerns and competition from the internet , continue to attract more advertising than any other major media , amounting to $ 46.7bn ( £ 26.84bn ) in 2004 .
