Israeli fighter jets continued their sorties over Gaza Sunday night as " Operation Cast Lead " entered its third day .
According to Palestinian reports , seven people were killed in the raids , including a baby and three siblings , one of them an infant .
Israeli warplanes bombed the Hamas - run Interior Ministry in Gaza on Monday , the first air strike that targeted a government building in Israel 's offensive , the Palestinian faction said .
No immediate word was available on whether there were any casualties .
Gaza Terror IDF : Tunnel bombing cripples Hamas Hanan Greenberg Israeli fighter jets destroy 40 tunnels along Philadelphi Route using precision bombs .
Military says strike cut off Gaza terror 's lifeline IDF : Tunnel bombing cripples Hamas
Palestinian sources further reported that the IAF the house adjacent to the home of Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh in a refugee camp near Gaza City .
Haniyeh was not at the place during the strike , as all Hamas leaders have gone into hiding after the IDF operation in Gaza was launched Saturday .
After nightfall , Israeli aircraft attacked a building in the Jabalya refugee camp next to Gaza City , killing a 14 - month - old baby , a man and two women , Gaza Health Ministry official Dr. Moaiya Hassanain said .
Another airstrike in Rafah reportedly left three siblings dead – an infant and two teenagers .
The strike was apparently aimed against a senior Hamas commander who was in the area .
Israeli aircraft also bombed the Islamic University and government compound in Gaza City , centers of Hamas power .
Witnesses saw fire and smoke at the university , counting six separate airstrikes there just after midnight .
The IDF confirmed that fighter jets struck a series of targets in the Gaza Strip , including a military outpost , a weapons manufacturing site and a weapons R&D center .
In a statement issued by the army , the IDF said that two of the buildings attacked served as meeting places for senior Hamas officials .
Rocket injures kibbutz volunteer
On Monday morning , a Qassam rocket fired from the northern Gaza Strip landed within the Sha'ar Hanegev Regional Council .
A mortar shell fired from the Strip exploded in an open area near the border fence in the Nahal Oz area .
There were no reports of injuries or damage .
Gunmen in Gaza continued to fire rockets at Israel during the night .
A Qassam rocket exploded in an open field near a kibbutz in the Eshkol Regional Council , causing no injuries or damage .
Earlier Sunday , one Qassam hit a shed in a kibbutz located in the Eshkol Regional Council in south Israel .
A kibbutz volunteer was treated for very light injuries .
Israeli aircraft struck dozens of Hamas targets Sunday evening .
Al - Jazeera reported that a senior figure in Hamas ' armed wing , the Izz al - Din al - Qassam Brigades , was killed during an aerial strike on his home in east Gaza .
According to the report , the Air Force struck additional homes belonging to members of the armed wing .
Parallelism is a Myth in Ruby
Update : post has been renamed to “ Parallelism is a Myth in Ruby ” …
Why ?
Because concurrency is not parallelism - highly recommend this talk by Rob Pike .
Concurrency is the composition of independently executing things ( which is possible in Ruby ) , and parallelism is the simultaneous execution of multiple things ( which is not possible in MRI , see below ) .
One is about structure , and another is about execution .
Concurrency is a stepping stone towards enabling parallelism in our applications , and threading is , of course , one way to introduce execution parallelism .
But , as it turns out , execution parallelism is not enabled by threading in Ruby ( MRI ) .
Instead , if you are looking for parallelism in your Ruby applications , then you should be looking at process parallelism instead .
Why is that ?
Ruby under the covers : Global Interpreter Lock
To understand what ’s going on , we need to take a closer look at the Ruby runtime .
Whenever you launch a Ruby application , an instance of a Ruby interpreter is launched to parse your code , build an AST tree , and then execute the application you ’ve requested - thankfully , all of this is transparent to the user .
However , as part of this runtime , the interpreter also instantiates an instance of a Global Interpreter Lock ( or more affectionately known as GIL ) , which is the culprit of our lack of concurrency :
Global Interpreter
Lock is a mutual exclusion lock held by a programming language interpreter thread to avoid sharing code that is not thread - safe with other threads .
There is always one GIL for one interpreter process .
Usage of a Global Interpreter Lock in a language effectively limits concurrency of a single interpreter process with multiple threads -- there is no or very little increase in speed when running the process on a multiprocessor machine .
Deciphering the Global Interpreter Lock
To make this a little less abstract , let ’s first look at Ruby 1.8 .
First , a single OS thread is allocated for the Ruby interpreter , a GIL lock is instantiated , and Ruby threads ( ‘ Green Threads ’ ) , are spooled up by our program .
As you may have guessed , there is no way for this Ruby process to take advantage of multiple cores : there is only one kernel thread available , hence only one Ruby thread can execute at a time .
Ruby 1.9 looks much more promising !
Now we have many native threads attached to our Ruby interpreter , but now the GIL is the bottleneck .
The interpreter guards itself against non thread - safe code ( your code , and native extensions ) by only allowing a single thread to execute at a time .
End effect : Ruby MRI process , or any other language which has a Global Interpreter Lock ( Python , for example , has a very similar threading model to Ruby 1.9 ) will never take advantage of multiple cores !
If you have a dual core CPU , you ’ll have to run two separate processes .
JRuby is , in fact , the only Ruby implementation that will allow you to natively scale your Ruby code across multiple cores .
By compiling Ruby to bytecode and executing it on the JVM , Ruby threads are mapped to OS threads without a GIL in between - that ’s at least one reason to look into JRuby .
Process parallelism
The implications of the GIL are surprising at first , but it turns out the solution to this problem is not all that complex : instead of thinking in threads , think how you could split the workload between different processes .
Not only will you bypass an entire class of problems associated with concurrent programming ( it ’s hard ! ) , but you are also much more likely to end up with a horizontally scalable architecture for your application .
Here are the steps :
Partition the work , or decompose your application
Add a communications / work queue ( Starling , Beanstalkd , RabbitMQ ) Fork , or run multiple instances of you application
Not surprisingly , many of the Ruby applications have already adopted this strategy : a typical Rails deployments is powered by a cluster of app servers ( Mongrel , Ebb , Thin ) , and alternative strategies like EventMachine , and Revactor ( equivalents of Twisted in Python ) are gaining ground as a simple way to defer and parallelize your network IO without introducing threads into your application .
A woman practices yoga by the seaside in Mumbai in this May 6 , 2007 file photo .
REUTERS / Punit Paranjpe
KUALA LUMPUR ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Not content with banning women from wearing trousers , Malaysia ’s top Islamic council now wants a ban on yoga , according to a report on state news agency Bernama .
The National Fatwa Council ’s Deputy Director - General Othman Mustapha told reporters after a seminar on Islamic jurisprudence on Thursday that the announcement would be made soon .
Professor Zakaria Stapa of Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia ’s Islamic Studies Centre told the seminar on Wednesday that Muslims who had taken up yoga should stop practising as it could damage their faith , Bernama said .
Last week the Fatwa Council decreed that tomboyish behaviour by girls , including wearing trousers , was immoral as it may lead to the practise of lesbian sex .
Gay sex is prohibited in this country of 27 million people where over half of the population is Muslim .
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
The man sits gently rocking on the bed , one hand clutching a cloth , the other hiding his face from view .
Few patients ever leave Al Rashad hospital , doctors say .
He does n't look up and he does n't want to talk .
His body language screams despair .
Across the tiled room , other men are sitting on thin , filthy mattresses atop metal bed frames .
" Our life is miserable .
It is dirty .
The food is bad .
Life is very bad here , " says one of them , Abu Ismaeil .
" I 'm always hungry .
I do not want to lie .
Shame on me if I lie . "
Yet , in Iraq , these are some of the luckier ones , and even Abu Ismaeil agrees .
Without the hospital .
" I would commit suicide , " he said .
Their clothes and surroundings may be drab , but these mentally ill people are fortunate to be in Al Rashad Hospital , Iraq 's only treatment facility for severe psychiatric disorders .
Watch patients cope with stark conditions »
More than 1,000 patients , most of them suffering chronic schizophrenia , call the bleak buildings home .
Through their individual stories , there is one overwhelmingly common theme -- abandonment .
In a country where life is difficult for the healthy , the mentally ill are seen to bring shame and greater hardship to families .
Dr. Raghad Issa Sarsam , a psychiatrist , says most of his patients have been rejected by their loved ones .
Without the hospital , they would be wandering outside , begging , he said .
" They have no place else to stay but here , " he said .
" Otherwise , they would be on the streets , and I think that would be inhuman . "
But once in the hospital , few ever go home again .
Former English teacher Um Ibrahim has not seen her husband and children in three years , since being admitted .
" I want to go to my family , " she said in the women 's ward .
But they do n't want her , and that is common among the patients , Sarsam said .
" They are already rejected by their families because of their chronic illness .
They do n't want them anymore , even if they become a bit better . "
Doctors at Al Rashad Hospital say the numbers of people needing help will continue to grow because of the nationwide trauma suffered during and since the overthrow of President Saddam Hussein in 2003 .
Some hope that Iraq 's health minister , Salih al - Hasnawi , himself a psychiatrist , might begin to effect change .
The doctors are right to have some cause for optimism , according to Dr. Mohammed Al - Uzri , an Iraqi - born psychiatrist now based in Leicester , England , who was recently with al - Hasnawi in Baghdad for Iraq 's third National Conference on Mental Health that agreed on five themes to make improvements .
" There is so much need , you can make a huge difference without much of a budget .
We have huge human resources [ in Iraq ] and a huge amount of resilience , " said Al - Uzri , who chairs a subcommittee on Iraq for Britain 's Royal College of Psychiatrists .
Al - Uzri acknowledged the huge challenges that lie ahead for the mental health service and broader health system , which suffered through decades of neglect in the Hussein era and continues to do so amid the war .
While he said Iraq did not have to start from scratch , as it had a history of good health care , he agreed that organizing care for the mentally ill remains rare right now .
" Mental health services are providing for a small part of the population .
[ Most needs ] are being met -- or unmet -- by whatever else is available .
Families are taking the burden of that . "
But there is the will to change things , said Al - Uzri , who was able to meet health workers at this month 's conference , which was held for the first time inside Iraq -- itself a visible sign of progress .
And the need for mental health care is likely just to grow and grow , even as Iraq becomes more peaceful , Al - Uzri said .
" We are beginning to see , with the security improving , all kinds of services are needed , " he said .
" A year ago , all people worried about was staying alive and having something to eat .
Now , it 's becoming more and more involved . "
CNN 's Rachel Clarke contributed to this report .
All About Iraq • Mental Health
A Letter to Trotskyists Throughout the World - 1953
By James P. Cannon
21 October 2008
From the 25th Anniversary Plenum of the National Committee of the Socialist Workers Party
To All Trotskyists :
Dear Comrades :
On the twenty - fifth anniversary of the founding of the Trotskyist movement in the United States , the Plenum of the National Committee of the Socialist Workers Party sends its revolutionary socialist greetings to orthodox Trotskyists throughout the world .
Although the Socialist Workers Party , because of undemocratic laws passed by the Democrats and Republicans , is no longer affiliated to the Fourth International – the World Party of Socialist Revolution founded by Leon Trotsky to carry on and fulfill the program betrayed by the Second International of the Social Democrats and the Third International of the Stalinists – we take interest in the welfare of the world - wide organization created under the guidance of our martyred leader .
As is well known , the pioneer American Trotskyists 25 years ago brought the program of Trotsky , suppressed by the Kremlin , to the attention of world public opinion .
This act proved decisive in breaching the isolation imposed by the Stalinist bureaucracy on Trotsky and in laying the foundation for the Fourth International .
With his exile shortly thereafter , Trotsky began an intimate and trusted collaboration with the leadership of the SWP that lasted to the day of his death .
The collaboration included joint efforts to organize revolutionary socialist parties in a number of countries .
This culminated , as you know , in the launching of the Fourth International in 1938 .
The Transitional Program , which remains the keystone of today ’s program of the world Trotskyist movement , was written by Trotsky in collaboration with the leaders of the SWP and at his request was submitted by them for adoption at the founding Congress .
The intimacy and thoroughness of the collaboration between Trotsky and the leadership of the SWP can be judged from the record of struggle in defense of orthodox Trotskyist principles in 1939 - 40 against the Petty - Bourgeois Opposition headed by Burnham and Shachtman .
That record has had profound influence in shaping the Fourth International in the past 13 years .
After the murder of Trotsky by an agent of Stalin ’s secret police , the SWP took the lead in defending and advocating his teachings .
We took the lead not from choice , but from necessity – the second world war forced the orthodox Trotskyists underground in many countries , especially in Europe under the Nazis .
Together with Trotskyists in Latin America , Canada , England , Ceylon , India , Australia and elsewhere we did what we could to uphold the banner of orthodox Trotskyism through the difficult war years .
With the end of the war , we were gratified at the appearance in Europe of Trotskyists from the underground who undertook the organizational reconstitution of the Fourth International .
Since we were barred from belonging to the Fourth International by reactionary laws , we placed all the greater hope in the emergence of a leadership capable of continuing the great tradition bequeathed to our world movement by Trotsky .
We felt that the young new leadership of the Fourth International in Europe must be given full confidence and support .
When self - corrections of serious errors were made on the initiative of the comrades themselves , we felt that our course was proving justified .
However , we must now admit that the very freedom from sharp criticism which we together with others accorded this leadership helped open the way for the consolidation of an uncontrolled , secret , personal faction in the administration of the Fourth International which has abandoned the basic program of Trotskyism .
This faction , centered around Pablo , is now working consciously and deliberately to disrupt , split , and break up the historically created cadres of Trotskyism in the various countries and to liquidate the Fourth International .
The Program of Trotskyism
To show precisely what is involved , let us restate the fundamental principles on which the world Trotskyist movement is built :
1 . The death agony of the capitalist system threatens the destruction of civilization through worsening depressions , world wars and barbaric manifestations like fascism .
The development of atomic weapons today underlines the danger in the gravest possible way .
2 . The descent into the abyss can be avoided only by replacing capitalism with the planned economy of socialism on a world scale and thus resuming the spiral of progress opened up by capitalism in its early days .
3 . This can be accomplished only under the leadership of the working class as the only truly revolutionary class in society .
But the working class itself faces a crisis of leadership although the world relationship of social forces was never so favorable as today for the workers to take the road to power .
4 . To organize itself for carrying out this world - historic aim the working class in each country must construct a revolutionary socialist party in the pattern developed by Lenin ; that is , a combat party capable of dialectically combining democracy and centralism – democracy in arriving at decisions , centralism in carrying them out ; a leadership controlled by the ranks , ranks able to carry forward under fire in disciplined fashion .
5 . The main obstacle to this is Stalinism , which attracts workers through exploiting the prestige of the October 1917 Revolution in Russia , only later , as it betrays their confidence , to hurl them either into the arms of the Social Democracy , into apathy , or back into illusions in capitalism .
The penalty for these betrayals is paid by the working people in the form of consolidation of fascist or monarchist forces , and new outbreaks of wars fostered and prepared by capitalism .
From its inception , the Fourth International set as one of its major tasks the revolutionary overthrow of Stalinism inside and outside the USSR .
6 . The need for flexible tactics facing many sections of the Fourth International , and parties or groups sympathetic to its program , makes it all the more imperative that they know how to fight imperialism and all of its petty - bourgeois agencies ( such as nationalist formations or trade - union bureaucracies ) without capitulation to Stalinism ; and , conversely , know how to fight Stalinism ( which in the final analysis is a petty - bourgeois agency of imperialism ) without capitulating to imperialism .
These fundamental principles established by Leon Trotsky retain full validity in the increasingly complex and fluid politics of the world today .
In fact the revolutionary situations opening up on every hand as Trotsky foresaw , have only now brought full concreteness to what at one time may have appeared to be somewhat remote abstractions not intimately bound up with the living reality of the time .
The truth is that these principles now hold with increasing force both in political analysis and in the determination of the course of practical action .
Pablo's Revisionism
These principles have been abandoned by Pablo .
In place of emphasizing the danger of a new barbarism , he sees the drive toward socialism as “ irreversible ” ; yet he does not see socialism coming within our generation or some generations to come .
Instead he has advanced the concept of an “ engulfing ” wave of revolutions that give birth to nothing but “ deformed , ” that is , Stalin - type workers ' states which are to last for “ centuries . ”
This reveals the utmost pessimism about the capacities of the working class , which is wholly in keeping with the ridicule he has lately voiced of the struggle to build independent revolutionary socialist parties .
In place of holding to the main course of building independent revolutionary socialist parties by all tactical means , he looks to the Stalinist bureaucracy , or a decisive section of it , to so change itself under mass pressure as to accept the “ ideas ” and “ program ” of Trotskyism .
Under guise of the diplomacy required in tactical maneuvers needed to approach workers in the camp of Stalinism in such countries as France , he now covers up the betrayals of Stalinism .
This course has already led to serious defections from the ranks of Trotskyism to the camp of Stalinism .
The pro-Stalinist split in the Ceylon party is a warning to all Trotskyists everywhere of the tragic consequences of the illusions about Stalinism which Pabloism fosters .
In another document , we are submitting a detailed analysis of Pablo ’s revisionism .
In this letter we will confine ourselves to some recent tests that show in the decisive field of action how far Pablo has gone in conciliationism to Stalinism and how grave the danger is to the existence of the Fourth International .
With the death of Stalin , the Kremlin announced a series of concessions in the USSR , none of them political in character .
In place of characterizing these as nothing but part of a maneuver aimed at further retrenchment of the usurping bureaucracy and part of the preparation for a leading bureaucrat to assume the mantle of Stalin , the Pabloite faction took the concessions as good coin , painted them up as political concessions , and even projected the possibility of the “ sharing of power ” by the Stalinist bureaucracy with the workers .
( Fourth International , January - February , 1953 , p.13 . )
The “ sharing of power ” concept , promulgated most bluntly by Clarke , a high priest of the Pablo cult , was indirectly sanctioned as dogma by Pablo himself in an unanswered but obviously leading question :
Will the liquidation of the Stalinist regime take the form , Pablo asks , “ of violent inter- bureaucratic struggles between elements who will fight for the status quo , if not for turning back , and the more and more numerous elements drawn by the powerful pressure of the masses ? ” ( Fourth International , March - April , 1953 , p.39 . )
This line fills the orthodox Trotskyist program of political revolution against the Kremlin bureaucracy with a new content ; namely , the revisionist position that the “ ideas ” and “ program ” of Trotskyism will filter into and permeate the bureaucracy , or a decisive section of it , thus “ overthrowing ” Stalinism in an unforeseen way .
In East Germany in June the workers rose against the Stalinist - dominated government in one of the greatest demonstrations in the history of Germany .
This was the first proletarian mass uprising against Stalinism since it usurped and consolidated power in the Soviet Union .
How did Pablo respond to this epochal event ?
Instead of clearly voicing the revolutionary political aspirations of the insurgent East German workers , Pablo covered up the counter - revolutionary Stalinist satraps who mobilized Soviet troops to put down the uprising ( “ ... the Soviet leaders and those of the various ‘ People ’s Democracies ’ and the Communist Parties could no longer falsify or ignore the profound meaning of these events .
They have been obliged to continue along the road of still more ample and genuine concessions to avoid risking alienating themselves forever from support by the masses and from provoking still stronger explosions .
From now on they will not be able to stop half - way .
They will be obliged to dole out concessions to avoid more serious explosions in the immediate future and if possible to effect a transition ‘ in a cold fashion ’ from the present situation to a situation more tolerable for the masses . ” )
( Statement of the International Secretariat of the Fourth International .
Published in The Militant , July 6 . )
Instead of demanding the withdrawal of Soviet troops – the sole force upholding the Stalinist government – Pablo fostered the illusion that “ more ample and genuine concessions ” would be forthcoming from the Kremlin ’s gauleiters .
Could Moscow have asked for better assistance as it proceeded to monstrously falsify the profound meaning of those events , branding the workers in revolt as “ fascists ” and “ agents of American imperialism , ” and opening a wave of savage repression against them ?
The French General Strike
In France , in August the greatest general strike in the history of the country broke out .
Put in motion by the workers themselves against the will of their official leadership , it presented one of the most favorable openings in working - class history for the development of a real struggle for power .
Besides the workers , the farmers of France followed with demonstrations , indicating their strong dissatisfaction with the capitalist government .
The official leadership , both Social Democrats and Stalinists , betrayed this movement , doing their utmost to restrain it and avert the danger to French capitalism .
In the history of betrayals it would be difficult to find a more abominable one if it is measured against the opportunity that was present .
How did the Pablo faction respond to this colossal event ?
They labeled the action of the Social Democrats a betrayal – but for the wrong reasons .
The betrayal , they said , consisted of negotiating with the government behind the backs of the Stalinists .
This betrayal , however , was a secondary one , deriving from their main crime , their refusal to set out on the road to taking power .
As for the Stalinists , the Pabloites covered up their betrayal .
By that action they shared in the Stalinist betrayal .
The sharpest criticism they found themselves capable of uttering against the counter - revolutionary course of the Stalinists , was to accuse them of “ lack ” of policy .
This was a lie .
The Stalinists had no “ lack ” of policy .
Their policy was to maintain the status quo in the interests of Kremlin foreign policy and thereby to help bolster tottering French capitalism .
But this was not all .
Even for the internal party education of the French Trotskyists Pablo refused to characterize the Stalinist role as a betrayal .
He noted “ the role of brake played , to one degree or another , by the leadership of the traditional organizations ” – a betrayal is a mere “ brake ” !
– “ but also their capacity – especially of the Stalinist leadership – to yield to the pressure of the masses when this pressure becomes powerful as was the case during these strikes . ” ( Political Note No.1 )
One might expect this to be sufficient conciliation to Stalinism from a leader who has abandoned orthodox Trotskyism , but still seeks the cover of the Fourth International .
However , Pablo went still further .
An Infamous Leaflet
A leaflet of his followers addressed to the workers at the Renault plant in Paris declared that in the general strike the Stalinist leadership of the CGT ( main French trade - union federation ) “ was correct in not introducing demands other than those wanted by the workers . ”
This in face of the fact that workers by their actions were demanding a Workers and Farmers Government !
Arbitrarily separating the Stalinist - headed unions from the Communist Party – evidence of the most mechanical thinking or evidence of deliberate design in covering up the Stalinists ?
– the Pabloites declared in their leaflet that so far as the significance of the strike and its perspectives were concerned “ this point only concerned the trade union secondarily .
The criticism to make on this point does not apply to the CGT which is a trade union organization , which must first and foremost act as such , but to the parties whose role it was to point out the deep political significance of this movement and its consequences . ” ( Leaflet To the Workers ’ Organizations and to the Workers of Renault , dated September 3 , 1953 .
Signed by Frank , Mestre , and Privas ) .
In these statements we see the complete abandonment of everything Trotsky taught us about the role and the responsibilities of the trade unions in the epoch of the death agony of capitalism .
Then the Pabloite leaflet “ criticizes ” the French Communist Party for its “ absence of line , ” for simply placing itself “ on the level of the trade union movement instead of explaining to the workers that this strike was an important stage (! ) in the crisis of French society , the prelude (! ) to a vast class struggle , where the problem of workers ’ power would be posed in order to save the country from capitalist swindling and open the way to socialism . ”
If the Renault workers were to believe the Pabloites , all that the perfidious French Stalinist bureaucrats were guilty of was a trace of syndicalism instead of a deliberate betrayal of the biggest general strike in the history of France .
Pablo ’s approval of the policy of the CGT leadership seems scarcely credible , yet there is the inescapable fact staring one in the face .
In the biggest general strike ever seen in France , Pablo blandly puts as “ correct , ” a French version of Gompers ’ bourgeois policy of keeping the unions out of politics .
And this in 1953 !
If it is incorrect for the CGT leadership to advance political demands in consonance with objective needs , including formation of a Workers and Farmers Government , then why is the Socialist Workers Party demanding of the present - day Gompers ' of the American trade - union movement that they organize a Labor Party ?
A Labor Party that would aim at putting a Workers and Farmers Government in power in the United States ?
Pablo ’s rubber - stamp OK appears in a still stranger light when we remind ourselves that the CGT leadership happens to be highly political .
At the slightest gesture from the Kremlin , it is prepared to call the workers out on no matter what wild political adventure .
Recall , for instance , its role in the events initiated by the anti-Ridgway demonstrations last year .
These Stalinist trade - union figures did not hesitate to call for strikes to protest the arrest of Duclos , a leader of the Communist Party .
The fact is that the CGT leadership revealed its highly political character once again in the general strikes .
With all the skill of years of perfidy and double dealing , it deliberately tried to head off the workers , to stifle their initiative , to prevent the workers ’ political demands from breaking through .
The Stalinist trade - union leadership consciously betrayed .
And it is this course of betrayal that Pablo calls “ correct ” .
But even this does not complete the account .
One of the principal aims of the Pabloite leaflet is to denounce French Trotskyists who conducted themselves in the Renault plant during the strike as genuine revolutionists .
It specifically names two comrades who have “ been expelled from the Fourth International and its French Section for more than a year . ”
It states that this “ group has been expelled for reasons of indiscipline ; and the orientation which it has followed , especially in the course of the last strike movement , is opposed to that actually defended by the PCI ( French Section of the Fourth International ) . ”
The reference to the “ group ” is actually to the majority of the French Section of the Fourth International which was arbitrarily and unjustly expelled by Pablo .
Has the world Trotskyist movement ever before heard of such a scandal as officially denouncing Trotskyist militants to Stalinists and providing rationalizations to the workers for an abominable Stalinist betrayal ?
It should be noted that the Pabloite denunciation of these comrades before the Stalinists follows the verdict of a workers ’ tribunal acquitting the Trotskyists in the Renault plant of slanders leveled at them by the Stalinists .
The American Pabloites
The test of these world events is sufficient , in our opinion , to indicate the depth of Pabloite conciliationism toward Stalinism .
But we would like to submit for public inspection of the world Trotskyist movement some additional facts .
For over a year and a half , the Socialist Workers Party has been engaged in a struggle against a revisionist tendency headed by Cochran and Clarke .
The struggle with this tendency has been one of the most severe in the history of our party .
At bottom it is over the same fundamental questions that divided us from the Burnham - Shachtman group and the Morrow - Goldman group at the beginning and end of World War II .
It is another attempt to revise and abandon our basic program .
It has involved the perspective of the American revolution , the character and role of the revolutionary party and its methods of organization , and the perspectives for the world Trotskyist movement .
During the post - war period a powerful bureaucracy consolidated itself in the American labor movement .
This bureaucracy rests on a large layer of privileged , conservative workers who have been “ softened ” by the conditions of war prosperity .
This new privileged layer was recruited in large measure from the ranks of former militant sectors of the working class , from the same generation that founded the CIO .
The relative security and stability of their living conditions have temporarily paralyzed the initiative and fighting spirit of these workers who previously were in the forefront of all militant class actions .
Cochranism is the manifestation of the pressure of this new labor aristocracy , with its petty - bourgeois ideology , upon the proletarian vanguard .
The moods and tendencies of the passive , relatively satisfied layer of workers act as a powerful mechanism transmitting alien pressures into our own movement .
The slogan of the Cochranites , “ Junk the Old Trotskyism , ” expresses this mood .
The Cochranite tendency sees the powerful revolutionary potential of the American working class as some far - off prospect .
They denounce as “ sectarian ” the Marxist analysis which reveals the molecular processes creating new fighting regiments in the American proletariat .
Insofar as there are any progressive tendencies within the working class of the United States they see them only in the ranks or periphery of Stalinism and among “ sophisticated ” union politicians – the rest of the class they consider so hopelessly dormant that they can be awakened only by the impact of atomic war .
Briefly , their position reveals : Loss of confidence in the perspective of the American revolution ; loss of confidence in the role of the revolutionary party in general and the Socialist Workers Party in particular .
Features of Cochranism
As all the sections of the world movement well know from their own hard and difficult experiences , pressures exist far greater than prolonged war prosperity and the sweep of reaction such as has been bearing down upon us in the United States .
But the factor that sustains cadres under the most difficult circumstances is the burning conviction of the theoretical correctness of our movement , the knowledge that they are the living means for advancing the historic mission of the working class , the understanding that to one degree or another the fate of humanity depends on what they do , the firm belief that whatever the momentary circumstances may be , the main line of historic development demands the creation of Leninist combat parties that will resolve the crisis of humanity through a victorious socialist revolution .
Cochranism is the substitution of skepticism and theoretical improvisations and journalistic speculation for this orthodox Trotskyist world outlook .
It is this that has made the struggle in the SWP irreconcilable in the same sense that the struggle with the Petty - Bourgeois Opposition in 1939 - 40 was irreconcilable .
The Cochranites have manifested the following features in the course of the struggle :
1 ) Disrespect for party tradition and the historic mission of the party .
Hardly an opportunity is lost by the Cochranites to denigrate , ridicule and preach contempt for the 25 - year tradition of American Trotskyism .
2 ) A tendency to replace principled Marxist politics with unprincipled combinations against the party “ regime . ”
Thus the Cochranite faction is composed of a bloc of contradictory elements .
One group , centered mainly in New York , favors a kind of “ entry ” tactic in the American Stalinist movement .
Another group , composed of conservatized union elements , centered primarily in Detroit , sees little to be gained by turning to the Stalinists .
It bases its revisionist outlook on an over-estimation of the stability and lasting power of the new labor bureaucracy .
Also attracted to Cochranism are individuals grown tired , who can no longer stand the pressures of the present adverse conditions and who are looking for a plausible rationalization with which to retire into inactivity .
The cement binding this unprincipled bloc is common hostility to orthodox Trotskyism .
3 ) A tendency to shift the party away from what our main arena must be in America , the politically unawakened workers of the mass production industries .
The Cochranites , in effect , dropped the program of transitional slogans and demands which the SWP has used as a bridge toward these workers and argued that the majority in continuing this course was adapting itself to the backwardness of the workers .
4 ) A conviction that all possibility of the American working class coming forward in radical opposition to American imperialism before the Third World War is ruled out .
5 ) Gross experimental theorizing with “ left ” Stalinism that boils down to the extravagant belief that the Stalinists “ can no longer betray , ” that Stalinism includes a revolutionary side which makes it possible for the Stalinists to lead a revolution in the United States , in the process of which they would absorb Trotskyist “ ideas ” so that the revolution would eventually “ right itself . ”
6 ) Adaptation to Stalinism in the face of new events .
They support and defend the conciliation to Stalinism found in Pablo ’s interpretation of the downfall of Beria and the subsequent sweeping purges in the USSR .
They repeat all the Pabloite arguments covering the counter - revolutionary role of Stalinism in the great uprising of the East German workers and the French general strike .
They even interpret the turn of American Stalinism toward the Democratic Party a mere “ right oscillation ” within a “ left turn . ”
7 ) Contempt for the traditions of Leninism in questions of organization .
For a time they attempted to set up “ dual power ” in the party .
When they were rebuffed by the overwhelming majority of the party at the May 1953 Plenum , they agreed in writing to abide by the rule of the majority and the political line as decided by the Plenum .
Subsequently , they broke their agreement , renewing their factional sabotage of party activities on a more feverish and hysterical basis than ever .
Cochranism , whose main features we have indicated above , was never more than a weak minority in the party .
It would never have amounted to more than the most feeble and sickly expression of pessimism had it not been for the aid and encouragement it received from Pablo behind the backs of the party leadership .
Pablo ’s secret encouragement and support was exposed soon after our May Plenum , and since then Pablo has been openly collaborating with the revisionist faction in our party and inspiring them in their campaign of sabotage of party finances , disruption of party work and preparations for a split .
The Pablo - Cochran faction finally culminated this disloyal course with an organized boycott in New York of the Twenty - fifth Anniversary Celebration of the party , which was combined with a wind - up rally in the New York municipal election campaign .
This treacherous , strikebreaking action constituted , in effect , an organized demonstration against the 25 - year struggle of American Trotskyism , and , at the same time , an act of objective aid to the Stalinists who expelled the initiating nucleus of American Trotskyism in October 1928 .
The organized boycott of this meeting was , in effect , a demonstration against the campaign of the Socialist Workers Party in the New York municipal election .
All who participated in this treacherous , anti-party action obviously consummated the split which they had long been preparing , and forfeited all right to membership in our party .
Formally recording this fact , the Twenty - fifth Anniversary Plenum of the SWP suspended the National Committee members who organized the boycott and declared that all members of the Pablo - Cochran faction who participated in this treacherous , strikebreaking action or who refuse to disavow it have by that fact placed themselves outside the ranks of the SWP .
Methods of the Comintern
Pablo ’s duplicity in presenting one face to the leadership of the SWP while secretly collaborating with the revisionist Cochranite tendency is a method that is alien to the tradition of Trotskyism .
But there is a tradition to which it does belong – Stalinism .
Such devices , used by the Kremlin , were instrumental in corrupting the Communist International .
Many of us had personal experience with all this in the 1923 - 28 period .
The evidence is now decisive that this way of operating is not an isolated aberration on the part of Pablo .
A consistent pattern is apparent .
For instance , in one of the leading European sections of the Fourth International , an outstanding party leader recently received an order from Pablo , directing him to conduct himself as one “ who defends until the Fourth World Congress the majority line and the discipline of the International . ”
Along with the ultimatum Pablo threatened reprisals if his orders were not obeyed .
The “ majority ” to which Pablo refers here is simply the modest label he places on himself and the small minority hypnotized by his revisionist novelties .
Pablo ’s new line is in violent contradiction to the basic program of Trotskyism .
It is only beginning to be discussed in many parts of the world Trotskyist movement .
Not having been backed by a single Trotskyist organization , it does not constitute the approved official line of the Fourth International .
The first reports we have received indicate outrage at his high - handed attempt to foist his revisionist views on the worldwide organization without waiting for either discussion or a vote .
We already have enough information to state that the Fourth International is certain to reject Pablo ’s line by an overwhelming majority .
Pablo ’s autocratic demand to a leader of a section of the Fourth International to refrain from criticizing Pablo ’s revisionist political line is bad enough .
But Pablo did not stop there .
While trying to gag this leader and prevent him from participating in a free discussion in which the rank and file might benefit from his experience , knowledge and insight , Pablo proceeded to intervene organizationally , attempting to crystallize a minority revisionist faction to conduct war on the leadership of the section .
This procedure is out of the foul tradition of the Comintern as it underwent degeneration under the influence of Stalinism .
If there were no other issue than this , it would be necessary to fight Pabloism to a finish to save the Fourth International from internal corruption .
Such tactics have an obvious purpose .
They are part of the preparation for a coup by the Pabloite minority .
Utilizing Pablo ’s administrative control , they hope to impose his revisionist line on the Fourth International and , wherever it is resisted , to reply by splits and expulsions .
This Stalinist organizational course began , as is now quite clear , with Pablo ’s brutal abuse of administrative control in his disruptive campaign against the majority of the French section of the Fourth International more than a year and a half ago .
By fiat of the International Secretariat , the elected majority of the French section was forbidden to exercise its rights to lead the political and propaganda work of the party .
Instead , the Political Bureau and the press were put under the control of a minority through the Cominternist device of a “ parity commission . ”
At the time , we deeply disapproved this arbitrary action by which a minority was used to arbitrarily overturn a majority .
As soon as we heard about it , we communicated our protest to Pablo .
However , we must admit that we made an error in not taking more vigorous action .
This error was due to insufficient appreciation on our part of the real issues involved .
We thought the differences between Pablo and the French section were tactical and this led us to side with Pablo , despite our misgivings about his organizational procedure , when , after months of disruptive factional struggle , the majority was expelled .
But at bottom the differences were programmatic in character .
The fact is that the French comrades of the majority saw what was happening more clearly than we did .
The Eighth Congress of their party declared that “ a grave danger menaces the future and even the existence of the Fourth International ...
Revisionist conceptions , born of cowardice and petty - bourgeois impressionism have appeared within its leadership .
The still great weakness of the International , cut off from the life of the sections , has momentarily facilitated the installation of a system of personal rule , basing itself and its anti-democratic methods on revisionism of the Trotskyist program and abandonment of the Marxist method . ”
( La Verité , Sept. 18 , 1952 . )
The whole French situation must be re-examined in the light of subsequent developments .
The role of the majority of the French section played in the recent general strike demonstrated in the most decisive way that they know how to uphold the fundamental principles of orthodox Trotskyism .
The French section of the Fourth International was unjustly expelled .
The French majority , grouped around the paper La Verité , are the real Trotskyists of France and are so openly recognized by the SWP .
Particularly revolting is the slanderous misrepresentation Pablo has fostered of the political position of the Chinese section of the Fourth International .
They have been pictured by the Pablo faction as “ sectarians , ” as “ fugitives from a revolution . ”
Contrary to the impression deliberately created by the Pablo faction , the Chinese Trotskyists acted as genuine revolutionary representatives of the Chinese proletariat .
Through no fault of theirs they have been singled out as victims by the Mao regime in the way that Stalin singled out for execution the entire generation of Lenin ’s Bolsheviks in the USSR , emulating the Noskes and Scheidemanns of Germany who singled out the Luxemburgs and Liebknechts of the 1918 revolution for execution .
But Pablo ’s line of conciliationism toward Stalinism leads him inexorably to touch up to the Mao regime couleur de rose while putting gray tints on the firm , principled stand of our Chinese comrades .
What to Do
To sum up :
The lines of cleavage between Pablo ’s revisionism and orthodox Trotskyism are so deep that no compromise is possible either politically or organizationally .
The Pablo faction has demonstrated that it will not permit democratic decisions truly reflecting majority opinion to be reached .
They demand complete submission to their criminal policy .
They are determined to drive all orthodox Trotskyists out of the Fourth International or to muzzle and handcuff them .
Their scheme has been to inject their Stalinist conciliationism piecemeal and likewise in piecemeal fashion , get rid of those who come to see what is happening and raise objections .
That is the explanation for the strange ambiguity about many of the Pabloite formulations and diplomatic evasions .
Up to now the Pablo faction has had a certain success with this unprincipled and Machiavellian maneuverism .
But the qualitative point of change has been reached .
The political issues have broken through the maneuvers and the fight is now a showdown .
If we may offer advice to the sections of the Fourth International from our enforced position outside the ranks , we think the time has come to act and to act decisively .
The time has come for the orthodox Trotskyist majority of the Fourth International to assert their will against Pablo ’s usurpation of authority .
They should in addition safeguard the administration of the affairs of the Fourth International by removing Pablo and his agents from office and replacing them with cadres who have proved in action that they know how to uphold orthodox Trotskyism and keep the movement on a correct course both politically and organizationally .
With fraternal Trotskyist greetings ,
National Committee of the SWP
BEIJING , Nov. 11 , 2008 --
Look to southern China to provide a stark illustration of how the global economic downturn and America 's recession is playing out across the world .
The Pearl River Delta has been the manufacturing capital of the world , motherland of the " made in China " brand .
But in the first nine months of this year , 1,300 companies in the region shut down , suspended business or moved their factories out of southern China .
Only 20 percent of foreign - invested firms in the region are seeing a profit , down from 90 percent when the boom was at its peak , according to provincial trade authorities .
Tens of thousands of factory workers are now out of work and social unrest is becoming a real threat with which the central government must contend .
There have been several reports of workers protesting after their companies shut down .
Local governments have stepped in and started paying the workers back wages .
Qin Wei is an 18 - year - old migrant worker who was laid off from BEP in Shenzhen , a factory that produced home appliances for the American brand Cuisinart .
It was his first job , one that he traveled more than 500 miles from his hometown to find .
Now , he has no idea what to do .
The company owes him $ 300 and he is having trouble finding another job as more and more factories close and low - skilled workers flood the market .
" I want to find another job .
I have no money , " Qin told ABC News .
" I can not even feed myself . "
It 's a story heard over and over in southern China .
Wu Xiu Feng is a mother of two who has spent the last 11 years making irons for a factory that just shut down .
She and her husband are desperately looking for work and are worried about having enough money to feed their two children .
Like most factory workers , she is a migrant worker .
" I can't even afford to go home , " she told ABC News .
" I feel miserable . "
The central government is listening and trying to respond both to rising unemployment and pressure from abroad to take action .
A stimulus package has been rolled out .
An estimated $ 580 billion will be spent over the next two years to finance programs in 10 major areas , such as low - income housing , rural infrastructure , water , electricity , transportation , the environment , technological innovation and rebuilding from disasters , notably the May 12 earthquake in Sichuan that killed 70,000 and left millions homeless .
Analysts have likened the plan to China 's version of FDR's New Deal .
China 's Growth Slowed Sharply This Year
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao , according to state media , said the stimulus package was crucial to tiding over the difficulties and maintaining long - term economic growth momentum .
Wen urged local governments to be " quick " and " effective " in carrying out these measures .
China 's government also announced it would extend its value - added tax reform to all industries nationwide beginning in January , which would reduce the tax burden on companies by more than $ 17.6 billion .
This is designed to give a boost to Chinese companies and increase domestic demand .
" It 's a social stability issue , " said Logan Wright , an economic analyst at Stone & McCarthy Research Associates .
" They do n't want large numbers of people rioting at factories …
The government is holding on to growth at all costs . "
China 's growth slowed sharply this year , to 9 percent .
Wright cautions that within China 's new plan , it is unclear how much of the $ 580 billion is new spending and how much had already been planned .
" Chinese authorities are aware that the rest of the world is watching what they 're doing . …
The idea is to demonstrate that the government is prepared to stimulate the economy on a large scale . "
The Shanghai Composite , the domestic stock market , reacted positively to the news , gaining 7 percent Monday , but losing 1.7 percent today .
China 's mainland stock market has a long distance to travel to get anywhere near recovery .
It has lost 70 percent in the last year .
President Hu Jintao will join President Bush and other world leaders in Washington this weekend for the global economic summit .
And China 's new stimulus plan is something Beijing will point to as an example of active participation .
The plan will become China 's front line of defense against the economic slowdown , but it is unclear whether it will be enough to help turn around the global slowdown .
With a helicopter hovering overhead , Indian commandos on Friday morning stormed the Chabad - Lubavitch Jewish center in Mumbai where hostages had been held since it was seized Wednesday by seaborne terrorists .
In the end , six of the hostages were killed , including the Brooklyn couple who operated the center .
As the thump of explosions and rattle of automatic weapons shook the six - story white building , blue - clad commandos slid down ropes from a helicopter to the roof and battled their way inside , according to witnesses .
Thoughout the day , gun battles raged in the building , Nariman House , and Reuters reported that the commandos had blown a breach in an outer wall .
Late in the day , black - uniformed Indian reinforcements moved in , and a van with six medics in surgical gowns and masks was parked close by , apparently in anticipation of casualties .
Israeli officials and Lubavitch elders confirmed later that six hostages were found dead inside .
They were Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg , 29 , of Brooklyn , and his Israeli wife , Rivka , 28 , the Lubavitch emissaries in Mumbai who ran Nariman House ; another rabbi from Brooklyn who was living in Israel , Leibish Teitelbaum ; Bentzion Chroman , an Israeli with dual American citizenship ; an unidentified Israeli woman ; and another unidentified woman , according to Rabbi Zalman Shmotkin , a Lubavitch spokesman in Brooklyn , and The Associated Press .
I once knew a girl that loved her some Nestle Quik .
She was addicted to Quik .
Had to be the pink kind , could n't be regular chocolate flavor ( which I loved . )
She would come outside her house everyday around 4 PM and she'd have a glass of ... Quik .
It was pure marketing genius that brought Quik to our doorsteps back then .
Nesquik , according to Wikipedia , is a milk flavoring mix that was developed in the U.S. in 1948 , and introduced there as Nestlé Quik .
In the 1950s , it was launched in Europe as Nesquik .
In 1973 , the Quik Bunny , an anthropomorphic rabbit cartoon character wearing a large blue " Q " on a collar - like necklace , was introduced as its mascot .
His most famous television jingle has these lyrics ...
" It 's so rich and thick and choco - lick !
But you can't drink it slow if it's Quik ! "
I wonder where she is today ?
She loved her some Quik .
Do you remember the pink Quik ?
The papers said at the time of the photograph , Mr Rajdev had regarded it as no more than a " bit of fun " and joined in all the " office banter " .
The plan includes taxpayer assistance for GM and Chrysler in return for radical restructuring .
Bush announces $ 17.4 billion auto bailout
President George W. Bush stepped in Friday to keep America 's auto industry afloat , announcing a $ 17.4 billion bailout for GM and Chrysler , with the terms of the loans requiring that the firms radically restructure and show they can become profitable soon .
" If we were to allow the free market to take its course now , it would almost certainly lead to disorderly bankruptcy , " Bush said at the White House , in remarks carried live by the national broadcast networks .
" In the midst of a financial crisis and a recession , allowing the U.S. auto industry to collapse is not a responsible course of action .
The question is how we can best give it a chance to succeed . "
Advertisement
Bush said that " bankruptcy now would lead to a disorderly liquidation of American auto companies . "
" My economic advisers believe that such a collapse would deal an unacceptably painful blow to hardworking Americans far beyond the auto industry .
It would worsen a weak job market and exacerbate the financial crisis , " he said .
" It could send our suffering economy into a deeper and longer recession . "
The money will come from the Wall Street bailout passed by Congress , a reversal for the White House .
President - elect Barack Obama and Democrats had long advocated that course , and Bush had resisted it .
Of the total , $ 13.4 billion will be paid out in December and January , administration officials told reporters in a briefing .
The last $ 4 billion is contingent on release of the second installment of the Wall Street bailout funds by Congress .
As it happens — in a source for some potential confusion — this breakdown also corresponds with how the money will be divided between GM and Chrysler , the two major recipients .
Treasury estimates GM will require about $ 13.4 billion in loans ; Chrysler $ 4 billion .
Both companies will share in the first $ 13.4 billion paid out in December and January .
GM will need the last $ 4 billion as well .
The government gets a stake in each company , and can call in the loans on March 31 if the firms cannot prove " viability " by then .
The manufacturers do not have to be profitable immediately but have to be " profitable soon , " a senior administration official said .
The structure largely follows the pattern of legislation that failed in Congress last week in the Senate because of Republican opposition .
Bush made no mention of this fight , but in stepping in as he is , the president risks angering conservatives in his party but the administration felt it had no choice given the fragile state of the economy .
In doing so , Treasury decided not to be tied to the initial bill in Congress that provided only $ 14 billion in loans .
That was always viewed as inadequate to get to March 31 , and the administration opted to go with more realistic numbers .
In doing so , however , it sets up a ticklish situation for Democrats in the new Congress .
With the auto bailout , Treasury will have tapped out all of the first $ 350 billion from the financial markets rescue fund by late January .
That means Democrats must deal with releasing the second $ 350 billion even as Obama will be trying to rally support for a large economic stimulus bill .
On the Republican side , the real dividing point between the administration and bailout critics in Congress has had more to do with the conditions imposed on the loans — not the aid itself .
These differences came to a head in the Senate over the question of how to treat the United Auto Workers , and what pressure should be put on the union to bring down wage levels to match those paid to non-UAW workers at US plants operated by Honda or Toyota for example .
Senate Republican conservatives insisted that the UAW agree to specific wage adjustments by a date certain in 2009 .
When the union rejected this demand as political , Republicans killed the bill .
The White House agreed that wage concessions would be needed but thought the better test should be the viability of the companies — not some fixed formula imposed on management and the union .
There was real discomfort in the administration with what many saw as a regional , anti-union slant as Republicans from the South — where non-UAW , foreign owned plants are more common — demanded concessions that jeopardized aid to an industry so vital to much of the Midwest .
Thus the loan agreements drafted by Treasury take a more flexible approach .
There are “ Restructuring Targets ” to be met in the companies ’ recovery plans , including moving to a more competitive wage structure by the end of 2009 .
But there is also some leeway if alternative savings can be found .
The restructuring report due March 31 “ shall identify any deviations from the Restructuring Targets and explain the rationale for these deviations , including an explanation of why such deviations do not jeopardize the Borrower ’s long - term viability . ”
In explaining his decision Friday , Bush said holding back " would leave the next president to confront the demise of a major American industry in his first days of office .
" The more responsible option is to give the auto companies an incentive to restructure outside of bankruptcy and a brief window in which to do it , " Bush said .
" And that is why my administration worked with Congress on a bill to provide automakers with loans to stave off bankruptcy while they develop plans for viability . "
The announcement immediately affects GM and Chrysler , not Ford , administration officials said .
Ford , which took a line of credit just before financing dried up , has said it does not need immediate federal assistant to stay in business .
Chrysler issued a statement thanking the administration but saying the terms will require " consideration . "
Here are the details of the White House plan :
Fact Sheet : Financing Assistance to Facilitate the Restructuring of Automobile Manufacturers to Attain Financial Viability
Purpose :
The terms and conditions of the financing provided by the Treasury Department will facilitate restructuring of our domestic auto industry , prevent disorderly bankruptcies during a time of economic difficulty , and protect the taxpayer by ensuring that only financially viable firms receive financing .
Amount : Auto manufacturers will be provided with $ 13.4 B in short - term financing from the TARP , with an additional $ 4 B available in February , contingent upon drawing down the second tranche of TARP funds .
Viability Requirement :
The firms must use these funds to become financially viable .
Taxpayers will not be asked to provide financing for firms that do not become viable .
If the firms have not attained viability by March 31 , 2009 , the loan will be called and all funds returned to the Treasury .
Definition of Viability : A firm will only be deemed viable if it has a positive net present value , taking into account all current and future costs , and can fully repay the government loan .
Binding Terms and Conditions :
The binding terms and conditions established by the Treasury will mirror those that were voted favorably by a majority of both Houses of Congress , including :
— Firms must provide warrants for non-voting stock .
— Firms must accept limits on executive compensation and eliminate perks such as corporate jets .
— Debt owed to the government would be senior to other debts , to the extent permitted by law .
— Firms must allow the government to examine their books and records .
— Firms must report and the government has the power to block any large transactions (> $ 100 M ) .
— Firms must comply with applicable Federal fuel efficiency and emissions requirements .
— Firms must not issue new dividends while they owe government debt .
Targets :
The terms and conditions established by Treasury will include additional targets that were the subject of Congressional negotiations but did not come to a vote , including :
— Reduce debts by 2/3 via a debt for equity exchange .
— Make one - half of VEBA payments in the form of stock .
— Eliminate the jobs bank .
— Work rules that are competitive with transplant auto manufacturers by 12/31/09 .
— Wages that are competitive with those of transplant auto manufacturers by 12/31/09 .
These terms and conditions would be non-binding in the sense that negotiations can deviate from the quantitative targets above , providing that the firm reports the reasons for these deviations and makes the business case to achieve long - term viability in spite of the deviations .
In addition , the firm will be required to conclude new agreements with its other major stakeholders , including dealers and suppliers , by March 31 , 2009 .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
The Old School New Body regimen markets itself as a youthfulness method .
Purportedly , the regimen may aid slow down the aging process whilst helping make individuals seem ten years more youthful .
The promises sound terrific , however , does the course truly do the trick ?
In this Old School New Body unbiased review , we ’ll really take a peek at what the process is all about and discover if other people have really witnessed good results .
Read another opinion of Old School New Body at : http://highintensityworkouts.org/
The Old School New Body F4X Solution
The Old School New Body method is also quoted to as the F4X method .
This is a training process made for men and women that are more than the age of 35 .
By means of a mix of strategic diet and workout tips , the system sees through to slow down the aging process and also help clients appear up to a several years more youthful .
Appears to be rather exceptional .
There ’s no doubt that your body begins changing shortly after you reach 35 , and it ’s good to discover a system targeted towards this age .
This one question still remains :
What makes F4X any different from other training programs ?
How exactly does it slow the aging process ?
How Physical Exercise Makes You Age Quicker
Here ’s the idea– the system certainly does reduce down the aging process , but not in the way you may imagine .
See , when you train hard and for a long period of time , your body makes a substantial volume of free radicals .
Free radicals are horrible news , but in small quantities , the body can deal with them quite effectively .
With the F4X technique , you do fast exercises that make fast end results .
All you have to have is 90 mins every week or so .
Long , extended training sessions produce more free radicals than the body can get rid of .
Because of this , your physical body starts aging quicker .
The course takes “ old school ” exercise fundamentals ( hence the name ) and mixes them with a good diet plan to aid you notice results very quickly .
The greatest part ?
Both men and women can easily use Old School New Body and experience great results .
F4X Training Program Review
Phase 1 – Lean : Throughout the Lean phase , your objective is to reduce weight and burn fat .
This is done through diet and workout changes .
You will get to know basic but helpful fitness concepts , and you will not be obliged to spend several hours at the health and fitness center .
Once you meet your target weight , you can determine to stop here and continue to maintenance mode .
Phase 2 – Shape :
If you want to add a few more extra pounds of muscle mass to your entire body , you can proceed onto the Shape phase .
You should only move onto this phase shortly after you have accomplished your objective weight .
Once again , small differences are made to your diet and workout regimen to assist you develop muscle mass .
The F4X exercise system is broken down right into three separate phases : Lean , Shape and Build .
Just the first phase is essential , and many individuals get the physique they really want after the Lean phase .
Let ’s discuss each phase quickly , so you can have an understanding of what this process is all about .
If you ’re in your 40’s , 50 ’s 60’s or slightly older , Old School New Body can really help you continue to be healthy and sustain a healthy and balanced weight all during the course of the rest of your life .
The strength training workouts included in the course will assist avoid muscle and bone loss as you age all while stopping you from increasing unwanted weight .
Phase 3 – Build :
The last phase is created to assist you pack on even more pounds of muscle mass .
This phase continues the same essential foundation that you discover in phase one , but consists of a number of simple modification to your regime and workout blueprint .
Does the System Seriously Work ?
Basically – you bet .
The F4X system can really help you develop muscle mass , reduce weight , get rid of fat and help make you appear much more youthful .
A really good diet regimen and exercise regimen will consistently produce benefits providing you follow it effectively .
What the Old School New Body method does is streamline the process , therefore , all you will need to do is stick to it in small stages .
The developers of the program took the guess work out of health and fitness , so you do n’t need to put in hours of your lifetime searching for physical activities and weight loss suggestions .
Every thing is created for you .
Let ’s admit it– the workout “ standards ” being really preached these days basically do not work .
Training for hrs at a time only hurts your body and triggers you to age quicker .
Whenever you ’re 35 + years of age , the very last thing you intend to do is hasten the aging process .
If you ’re ready to trim down , tone ( or bulk ) up , and reduce the aging process pick up the Old School New Body method right now .
There ’s a reason there are many enthusiastic Old School New Body recommendations from both men and women that have completely transformed their physiques utilizing this program .
You are in complete control using this system , and you can select to quit after the first phase if you hit your specific personal end goal .
Given the massive success of the Wii , there are constantly swirling rumors that both Microsoft and Sony are working on their own Wii remote killer .
The latest rumor stems from a patent application filed by Sony , which shows some sort of break apart motion controller .
From the images provided , it looks like the controller consists of two Wii remote - like devices that can be combined in order to create a more traditional gamepad .
It seems a tad complicated though , as putting the whole thing together requires three different faceplates .
The remotes also look a bit strange , with some sort of small sphere on the top of them .
It also looks like the controller would communicate with the PlayStation Eye camera in some way .
A patent application is far from a confirmation that this controller could actually be manufactured , and Sony is well known for creating strange controllers that never actually see the light of day .
The waning support for SIXAXIS also makes the possibility seem even more remote .
File this one under rumor for now .
Sexy , not trashy preferred .
Anything meant for a child is just ... wrong .
Goofy , dumb or idiotic ... well , they have the rest of the year for that !
Halloween FAIL - 15 Sexy Celebrities Halloween Costume Disasters
Hey All !
Hank here .ﾠ
Anna needed a short break ﾠfrom all this Halloween madness so I thought I 'd write in her blog -- but from a guy 's point of view . ﾠ
Personally , I think Anna takes this Halloween stuff a little too seriously soﾠmy topic today will be . . .
SEXY CELEBRITY HALLOWEEN COSTUME DISASTERS .
Yeah !
We 'll see what Anna thinks when she gets back .
Every year Halloween comes around and the celebrity magazines are full of the worlds hottest glitterati strutting around as vampires , zombies , witches , and sometimes , each other .
Of course , every year those of us who are not quite as hot , popular or wealthy get to mock them mercilessly .
How can these wonderfully attractive celebrities get their costumes so wrong ?
Surely with lookers such as these they could make any outfit work ... right ?ﾠ
What ﾠis my ﾠcriteria ?
Let 's take a look ...1.- The Olsens should be glad that in this case less really is more .
Perhaps this was just another way to underline that they are not kids any more ?
Either way , I am sure they turned heads .
Next time rent a complete costume each girls !
The Olsen Twins
2.- Alyssa seems to have grabbed her costume from the under - fives section of the Disney store ... not that I am complaining ! ﾠ
Alyssa Milano
3.- This is probably the scariest picture of the lot .
Who would n't be afraid being faced by an unhinged bride ?
ﾠ
Mariah Carey
4.- Ms Hathaway falls under the ' it could have been so much better ' category .
An opportunity missed * sigh * .
ﾠ
Anne Hathaway
5.- Poor Elisha , nobody understood what her costume was meant to be !
I for one applaud her for stepping out in Clockwork Orange style .
ﾠ
Elisha Cuthbert
6.- What on earth is Avril dressed as ?
Or is this her usual attire ?
Avril Lavigne
7.- Heidi as the 6 foot tall rat from hell .
Or is she meant to be a cat ?
Wingless vampire bat ?
Heidi Klum
8. - One of the more restrained attempts but she comes off as being dressed like a normal Goth rather than a celebrity in costume .
Really , this outfit would n't look out of place in some clubs any night of the year .
Reese Witherspoon
9.- Another theft from the children 's section , and here we even see the Toys R Us logo to prove it !
She did however manage to squeeze into it .
Valiant shoe horn efforts and robust stitching save the day .
Just .
Teri Hatcher
10 .- A famous party animal , Paris Hilton can be counted on to give a show .
Just not sure how spooky she thought this little Alice in Wonderland number was meant to be .
Paris Hilton
11 .- Poor Britney , I feel bad for all the harsh criticisms she has been forced to take , but man , she does n't make it easy on herself does she ?
Britney Spears
12 .- Christina keeps it classy in the ' Adult Entertainment ' mail order catalogue standard ' sexy nurse ' outfit .
Thankfully she somehow pulls it off despite her lack of creativity .
Christina Aquilera
13 .- Lindsay left onlookers wondering if this is the before or after shot .
Seriously though , was the theme merely substance abuse inflicted bad fashion sense or is there some concept behind this ?
Lindsay Lohan
14 .- Actually , scratch this one , I rather like it !
Hubba hubba ...
Kate Beckinsale
15 .- Is n't this how Fergie always dresses ?
C'mon girl , make an effort !
Fergie
Well , there you have it ... my list of the Sexiest Celebrity Halloween Costume Disasters .
Hope you like .
Now , I 'd better get outta here before Anna comes back .
Ciao !
Behind the jump , there are photos of a Tubgirl Xbox 360 faceplate .
I am warning you , it 's horrible and , obviously , NSFW .
You do n't want to see it .
If you do n't know what Tubgirl is , believe me when I say that in this case , ignorance really is bliss .
But if you really must see the faceplate , which was a gift made by request for Cliffy B. , the brains behind Gears of War 2 ( and 1 for that matter ) , I 'll show it to you .
OK , well , there is n't much else to say , so here it is , you sickos .
Advertisement
I WARNED YOU , WHY OH WHY DIDN'T YOU LISTEN ? [ Hawty McBloggy via Kotaku ]
Producers Brad Fuller and Andrew Form , horror movie veterans , today confirmed to ShockTillYouDrop that the A Nightmare on Elm Street reboot has received the green light with shooting to start in the spring .
Fuller and Form ( The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , The Amityville Horror and the upcoming Friday the 13th remakes ) say the new Elm Street will be Platinum Dunes ‘ next flick and they hope to start production in the spring .
Form said :
“ It ’s our next movie , hopefully shooting this spring … We want to make a horrifying movie .
The concept is so scary , do n’t fall asleep or you ’ll die .
This guy gets you when you ’re most vulnerable , in your sleep .
We love that .
That ’s the basis of the movie .
It ’ll be most similar to the first one but in terms of kills and dreams we ’ll borrow from the entire series . ”
Shooting is expected to take place in the Chicago suburbs , but without Robert Englund in the lead .
Although Fuller is planning to have a cameo for him .
The UFO DATA Magazine International UFO Conference
Please enjoy this video preview from this year 's great weekend .
Jeremy Kyle 's show has been criticised before for its content The Jeremy Kyle Show is a " modern day freak show " which must stop revealing the identity of babies ' parents on air , an MP has said .
Labour MP Kerry McCarthy , who has launched a campaign against paternity tests on TV , told the Commons the practice was " plain wrong " .
She said it was likely children would one day find out about their DNA tests .
ITV said the show adhered to the Ofcom broadcasting code , and its rules and guidance on protecting the under - 18s .
They serve up damaged people and dysfunctional relationships for entertainment
Kerry McCarthy MP
Ms McCarthy , MP for Bristol East , told the Commons that on shows like Jeremy Kyle , couples sometimes " aired their dirty linen in public " with the matter then " being resolved with the result of a DNA test being announced live on air " .
" They serve up damaged people and dysfunctional relationships for entertainment , " she added .
" It 's the modern day equivalent of the freak show . "
Episodes of the programme included one with the title Brother , I 'll Prove I 'm the Father of Your Ex- Girlfriend 's Baby , she added .
She said the chances of the babies in question growing up and finding out what had happened was " fairly high " .
' Exceptional cases '
" People in their neighbourhoods wo n't forget about it , their future schoolmates will find out about it , " Ms McCarthy said .
The Jeremy Kyle Show is a talk show , it is about conflict resolution
ITV spokesman " They risk humiliation , bullying , feeling rejected , feeling hurt . "
A spokesman for ITV said the show took the wellbeing of its guests and their children " very seriously indeed " .
" The Jeremy Kyle Show is a talk show , it is about conflict resolution , " he said .
" Our guests air their views in the hope of finding a solution to their problems and we have a proud record of helping them do that on the programme and in conjunction with our aftercare team , which provides professional support and guidance and helps them access other services . "
DNA tests " proceed only with the fully informed consent of guests after careful discussion between them and our production and aftercare teams " , he added .
" Our current policy is that no children of school age are the subject of DNA tests and particular care is taken in relation to children of pre-school age , with children over the age of 18 months being involved only in exceptional cases . "
In September 2007 , a judge branded the Jeremy Kyle show " a form of human bear - baiting " .
District Judge Alan Berg , sentencing one of the show 's guests in Manchester for head - butting a love rival during filming , said the programme was " trash " and existed to " titillate bored members of the public with nothing better to do " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Protesters in Iceland 's capital Reykjavik have clashed with police during a demonstration over the handling of the financial crisis .
Several hundred protesters gathered outside the city 's main police station to demand the release of a man jailed in a previous demonstration .
Five people were injured when police used pepper spray to disperse the group after some tried to storm the building .
Iceland faces a sharply contracting economy over the financial collapse .
The group outside the police station broke away from a much larger group of several thousand people who had gathered outside parliament to demand the government 's resignation .
Some in the group tried to storm the police building .
The man they wanted to release was later freed , after a fine he owed over a previous demonstration was paid .
There has been a series of protests in Reykjavik calling for the government to resign over its handling of the economy .
The banking system collapsed in October and the currency , the krona , has lost half its value in the past year .
Iceland 's government was forced to take over three of its biggest banks last month when they could not keep up with billions of dollars of debt taken on to finance overseas expansion .
The government has taken out $ 4.6 bn ( £ 3.1 bn ) in loans from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and four of its Nordic neighbours to stay afloat .
What ?
Why ... why is this happening ?
What is Keith Olbermann doing on The View ?
Look , there he is , looking weird and uncomfortable .
He told them all he does n't vote (! ) , and they all yelled at him .
All of them !
Even stupid Elisabeth Hasselbeck yelled at him , for this not voting , and she is actually totally in the right .
Keith does this " not voting is a symbolic stand " thing because he is obsessed with the idea that he is a Big Serious Important Old - Timey News Man .
You know who else makes a big point of saying he is so non-partisan that he does n't vote ?
Len Downie , the former executive editor of the Washington Post .
Len , in the words of Michael Kinsley , " does not even allow himself the luxury of deciding whom he would vote for if he was into that sort of thing . "
We 'll freely admit that it is stupid and unfair to say " Keith Olbermann is a big fat liberal " just because he hates George W. Bush with great intensity .
It is quite possible to intensely hate George W. Bush as a conservative , a moderate , a libertarian , an Anti-Federalist , a Whig , or a fascist .
It is reductive and stupid to equate hatred of George W. Bush and the modern ruling Republican party with any political ideology beyond an affinity for competence and morality in government .
And , you know , genuinely unbiased objectivity does sometimes mean saying " Jesus Christ this administration is terrible . "
That 's not a political statement if it 's true !
But , Keith , it does not make you Serious to say you do n't vote .
It does n't change the fact that you would 've voted for Obama .
It does n't actually fool anyone , either .
None of those View ladies would have any of it !
You disappointed Whoopi .
So we 'll agree that we honestly have no idea what Keith Olbermann 's political leanings are beyond hating George Bush if he 'll stop pretending to be too Serious - Minded to participate in the vast voting conspiracy .
And hey , maybe we 'll get a chance , in an Obama administration , to figure out what Keith Olbermann 's politics actually are !
Because he just signed on through Obama 's re-election campaign , hosting Countdown on MSNBC through 2012 .
NBC even gave him primetime " essays " on the network news and he gets two specials a year on regular NBC .
Man. NBC had to give him network gigs to keep him from taking his show and moving to another channel , supposedly , though there is not a channel left , on the TV , that Keith Olbermann has not already worked at .
And he left nothing but bad blood at all of them .
The most disturbing Halloween accessory this year may not be the spider webs hanging off the shrubbery or the door sensor that emits ghostly screams , but a lone jack - o'- lantern displaying the words : “ No candy at this residence . ”
About 1,200 violent or child sex offenders on probation or parole in Maryland have been ordered to hang these orange pumpkin signs -- or plain ones reading , “ No candy ” -- at their residences today .
If they do n’t , the knock at the door will be from an officer of the law .
Maryland is one of a growing number of states that are expanding restrictions on sex offenders for Halloween , including required signage and curfews .
“ We thought it would be helpful not just to our children , but to our offenders , ” said Wonda Adams , a field supervisor in Maryland ’s Department of Probation and Parole , who is coordinating the program .
“ This is a holiday where individuals are out and about in constant contact with people they do n’t know .
It is just a prime time for our offenders to be accused of involvement in something . ”
Advertisement
Other states , such as Indiana and Missouri , also require some registered sex offenders to hang signs on Halloween .
In years past , officials in New Mexico have asked that signs explicitly say : “ Sex offender lives here . ”
This year , Louisiana lawmakers also prohibited some convicted sex offenders from wearing masks at Halloween and during Carnival just before Mardi Gras .
In California -- where the program is known as Operation Boo -- and other states , officials will conduct nighttime checks on sex offenders to ensure that they are in their homes , without costume and candy and with the outside lights turned off to discourage trick - or - treaters .
A few states have taken these programs further :
In Texas , for example , some sex offenders will be rounded up and detained .
In some cases , these expanded efforts have provoked lawsuits ; in others , laughter .
Advertisement
In Missouri , the American Civil Liberties Union and four unidentified sex offenders sued state officials this year over Halloween restrictions that cover registered sex offenders , including those no longer on probation or parole .
On Monday , a federal judge , ruling that the language was too vague , threw out part of the law that banned sex offenders from “ all Halloween - related contact with children ” and required them to stay inside unless they had a “ just cause ” to leave .
On Thursday , however , the U.S. 8th Circuit Court of Appeals issued a stay , allowing officials to enforce the law in its entirety today .
The ACLU is scrambling to appeal the ruling and get it overturned before tonight , according to Tony Rothert , legal director for the ACLU of Eastern Missouri .
“ Even though this group is not a popular group , they are entitled to due process -- in other words , not being punished repeatedly for the same crime , ” he said .
Then there are those who find the whole thing a bit ridiculous .
Maryland ’s pumpkin sign , for instance , provided ample fodder for late - night comedy shows including “ The Tonight Show With Jay Leno ” and “ Saturday Night Live . ”
Advertisement
“ Sex offenders in Maryland are now required to post signs that read , ‘ No candy at this residence ’ on Halloween or face a possible parole violation , ” Seth Meyers said on “ Weekend Update , ” the “ news ” segment of “ Saturday Night Live . ”
“ They are also being required to take down the signs that read , ‘ Knock if you can keep a special secret . ’ ”
According to Adams , the controversy over the pumpkin prompted officials to distribute conventional signs that read “ No Candy ” in black letters on a colored background .
Offenders must put up signs or face legal consequences .
“ I just think that it has been taken completely out of context , ” Adams said .
“ This is not what we intended . ”
Even though the signs may have changed , the message that states are sending remains the same :
There are scarier things on Halloween than witches and ghouls .
Advertisement
“ Let ’s face it , ” Adams said .
“ These children are coming out knocking on doors , and they do n’t necessarily know who is behind them . ”
--
cynthia.dizikes@latimes.com
Q 101.9 · SA 's Best Variety of the 80's , 90's , and Today
Listen Now on iHeartRadio
NASA boffins believe they have found evidence suggesting that Mars may not have been barren and lifeless for its entire history .
" We have found evidence that not all of Mars experienced an intense , acidic weathering environment 3.5 billion years ago , as has been proposed , " said Bethany Ehlmann of Brown University .
" We 've found at least one region that was potentially more hospitable to life . "
Ehlmann is one of the scientists analysing data from NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) above the Red Planet .
In this case , the information comes from an instrument on the orbiter called CRISM , the Compact Reconnaissance Imaging Spectrometer for Mars .
Some scientists had theorised that Mars has had a highly acidic environment for the last three billion years and more , meaning that life would have had a hard time coming into being .
But now Ehlmann and her colleagues have used CRISM pictures to detect carbonate minerals in the neighbourhood of the Isidis crater .
If Mars had been acidic and lifeless for billions of years , as had been thought , these carbonates should have dissolved long ago .
As the NASA boffins see it , their presence now means that there must have been watery environments present in the past , which would have been much more likely to sustain life .
If there was any .
Truly massive amounts of carbonate would indicate that Mars once had a much thicker atmosphere , according to the scientists , but they do n't think their finds are in that league .
" The carbonates that CRISM has observed are regional rather than global in nature , " says Ehlmann .
" We have not found the types of carbonate deposits which might have trapped an ancient atmosphere . "
According to NASA , the newly - mapped carbonate deposits could indicate places where future landers and rovers might profitably be sent to seek evidence of past life on Mars . ®
By anyone ’s judgement , Arsenal ’s campaign for the 2008/9 Barclays Premier League title looks in serious trouble .
Writing off a member of the so - called elite top four on the first weekend of November might seem either wishful thinking ( should one be a Tottenham supporter , as in this case ) or downright churlish .
Yet the case for the prosecution demanding Arsenal ’s removal from the list of likely champions is both extensive and merited .
Six points – just two wins – behind joint leaders Chelsea and Liverpool might seem little cause for calamity among the Arsenal faithful .
But the devil is in the detail here .
On 20 points , there is a thoroughly justified claim to be made that the ‘ Gooners ’ , in disrespectful Tottenham dialect , have already thrown away a whopping thirteen points this season .
After just 11 matches , that is some profligacy .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But then , can anyone hand - on - heart pretend that they would n’t have backed Arsene Wenger ’s once strolling aristocrats to banish Fulham , Hull and Stoke City to the far winds , especially Hull at home ?
Anything short of nine points from those apparently one - sided contests was unimaginable .
Well , one - sided they proved to be , with Arsenal the common catalyst .
They were n’t good enough to survive a gentle early season day out beside the Thames at Fulham ( lost 1 - 0 ) , never saw the Hull horror approaching ( lost 1 - 2 at The Emirates ) and were simply too vapid to handle Stoke ’s earthy , muscular aerial approach last weekend ( lost 2 - 1 ) .
As if that indictment sheet were not sufficiently lengthy , we can then add on the astonishing brace of points thrown away against Tottenham last week after they had led 4 - 2 in the 89th minute , and the two lost with a dismally uninspired 1 - 1 draw at lowly Sunderland , whose level was brutally exposed by Chelsea in a 5 - 0 rout on Saturday .
I know you ca n’t spend your whole life looking back , but sometimes it is instructive and besides , how do you ever learn if you ignore and forget the past ?
The common denominator here is Arsenal ’s defensive fragility , their tendency to go AWOL in a collective defensive sense and their petulance – aka Robin van Persie ’s stupid sending off at Stoke through a crude physical assault on the Stoke ‘ keeper – when the flow is against them .
Strangely , for a man of such erudition and intelligence , it beggars belief how Wenger defends such idiocy among his overpaid , over - pampered young stars .
A strong dose of reality , words of public condemnation by their chief , might eventually prove of greater long term value than platitudes to sooth egotistical young minds .
Arsenal have become devotees of the aesthetic but little more .
They lack the mental steel to transform so multi skilled a collection of young men into winners .
For in hard times , at places like Stoke , Sunderland and Fulham , carving out a victory of any sort defines ultimate champions .
Arsenal continue to remind us that pleasing patterns and pretty tricks when the flow is with you , is only one side of the footballing coin .
The surprise is that their astute manager has been equally seduced by the beauty , at the cost of long term pragmatism .
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
Men are worried about the possible link between porn and erectile dysfunction .
Over the last few years , scientists have disputed claims watching porn can cause erectile dysfunction .
For men who enjoy porn , it ’s very concerning and worry erectile dysfunction will become an issue for them .
The reality is erectile dysfunction can happen to any man – and – at any age , young or old .
Of course , it ’s said older men are more likely to be affected by erectile dysfunction than younger men ; however , is that true ?
Unsurprisingly , a vast majority of men , especially young men , do n’t talk or admit to have erectile dysfunction .
So , can erectile dysfunction be the result of watching porn ?
The Grey Area of Erectile Dysfunction and Porn
Thousands say watching porn is a direct cause of erectile dysfunction and that is , of course , concerning to the millions who watch it .
Some use it as a form of entertainment , while others as a source of arousal .
It ’s quite a popular industry and increasing by the day .
There have been men who ’ve watched porn and have erectile dysfunction .
However , there are also men who have erectile dysfunction but never watch porn .
So , does that mean erectile dysfunction is n’t caused by watching porn ?
Unfortunately , it ’s a difficult question to answer because it falls into a grey area .
On one hand you have experts who argue studies have shown there ’s a link between watching porn and erectile dysfunction .
On the other hand , other experts say there are no links between erectile dysfunction and watching porn .
Some experts actually say watching porn could help to cure erectile dysfunction .
Visit my Medium Profile for more updates
The truth is that erectile dysfunction is vastly complex .
Men can be affected because of their mention and physical health so there are no definitive answers to it .
What you have to understand is that there are several factors involved with erectile dysfunction .
Porn may be a contributor , depending on the volume or content watched , but that may only be relevant to a small number of cases .
There are many reasons why erectile dysfunction occurs .
How Often Do You Watch Porn ?
As said above , porn may be a contributing factor to erectile dysfunction ; so , how often do you watch it ?
If you are an occasional viewer ( or never watch it ) , it ’s very unlikely porn ’s the reason behind your erectile dysfunction .
However , if you watch it every day and are always aroused by it , you might find moving away to reality difficult .
Essentially , if you can only be aroused by watching porn then yes , that may be a direct cause of erectile dysfunction .
It ’s a possibility and some experts agree on that .
Unfortunately , not enough tests have been carried out to definitively say if porn is a direct link .
Remember , some men wo n’t watch any porn and have erectile dysfunction , so you ca n’t label it the reason behind erectile dysfunction .
Make a Lifestyle Change
Your lifestyle choices can contribute to erectile dysfunction , just as much as watching porn 24/7 can .
For instance , you ’re overweight and a heavy smoker .
Those could be major contributors to erectile dysfunction or even be the underlying cause of it .
By losing a few pounds and cutting back on the cigarettes , it might ease the condition or cure it entirely .
Visit my WordPress Blog for more interesting ideas .
Of course , there are no guarantees it ’ll cure erectile dysfunction .
However , it could reduce the strain put on the body by carrying the extra weight and that again could ease the problem .
It ’s the little changes that make the biggest impact and it ’s something to consider .
Will Viagra Be Useful For Erectile Dysfunction ?
This is probably the most common ‘ cure ’ for erectile dysfunction and the one most men seek out .
Viagra is vastly popular because it can enable a man to get an erection and be able to sustain it throughout sex .
Viagra is often available without a prescription and that makes it even more popular for those who want to keep their condition private .
It ’s an oral drug so essentially , one pill is taken before sex .
However , there are alternatives to Viagra , including :
Stendra
Cialis
Levitra
Staxyn
All of the above are prescribed by a doctor and their effectiveness , including Viagra , will depend on the severity of erectile dysfunction .
Also , most doctors will want to find the root cause of the problem ( which can be a smart idea ) so they can find the best treatment option available for you .
Explore Your Options
Porn might n’t be the reason why you suffer from erectile dysfunction .
Of course , if you only watch porn and are constantly aroused by it , then being aroused in real life might be difficult .
However , it might n’t be the reason why you have erectile dysfunction .
There are many reasons why someone can have erectile dysfunction , including their lifestyle .
So while it ’s easy to blame porn , the problem may lie elsewhere .
Daniel Taylor
Old - Thinker News
October 28 , 2008
For the past several weeks , the media has been buzzing with talk of impending crises and possible domestic unrest .
On September 30th the Army Times announced the deployment of the 3rd Infantry ’s 1st Brigade for domestic operations inside the United States .
The Times reports that , " They may be called upon to help with civil unrest and crowd control … "
CNN ’s Lou Dobbs has raised the alarm over the Brigade ’s deployment .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Adding to the tension , Senator Joe Biden has stated that he believes that Barack Obama will be tested by an international crisis in the early days of his tenure if elected .
" Mark my words .
It will not be six months before the world tests Barack Obama like they did John Kennedy .
The world is looking , " said Biden .
Now , a high level Pentagon advisory panel is warning of a " likely first - 270 - day crisis " to face the new President of the United States .
The Insider , a Department of Defense publication , reports that ,
" The next president is likely to face a major international crisis within his first nine months in office , according to a senior group of business advisers to the defense secretary .
Accordingly , the Defense Business Board says the new administration should set a goal to win Senate confirmation of key Pentagon posts in the first 30 days of the inauguration , in order to have a full team in place to deal with such a contingency . "
What kind of crisis is the United States government expecting ?
A worsening of the worldwide financial crisis ?
Civil unrest during the presidential election ?
A new terror attack ?
A resulting activation of secret Continuity of Government plans ?
On the economic front , Senator Christopher Dodd has warned that the situation could worsen if , " … it turns out that they [ banks ] are hoarding , you ’ll have a revolution on your hands .
People will be so livid and furious that their tax money is going to line their pockets instead of doing the right thing .
There will be hell to pay . ”
Regardless of what kind of crises we will face , the United States is facing very uncertain times .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Enlarge By Max Whittaker , Getty Images Married couple Kim Kelly , left , and Roberta Valdez cheer during a rally Nov. 22 in Sacramento .
LOS ANGELES 
After losing on Election Day , some supporters of gay marriage are using economic boycotts and Internet lists to focus ire on the financial backers of Proposition 8 .
Some on the receiving end say the tactic amounts to a blacklist , a term that conjures memories of Hollywood 's refusal to hire screenwriters and others identified as communists in the late 1940s and 1950s .
" I just hate being pigeonholed as a hate monger or bigot , " says Robert Hoehn , who contributed $ 25,000 to the campaign for Prop 8 , which amended California 's Constitution to exclude same - sex marriage .
" I have friends in the gay community , and I do n't think any of them would say that . "
Hoehn has seen protesters outside his Carlsbad , Calif. , car dealerships , his name and business have appeared on websites publicizing donors , and he has received " the most vitriolic kinds of e-mails , letters and phone calls . "
His discomfort is exactly what some have in mind .
" I want to make it a little hot for these people , " says Fred Karger , a retired Los Angeles political consultant who started the group and website called Californians Against Hate .
Small as well as large donors have felt heat : • El Coyote , a Mexican restaurant in Los Angeles since 1931 , has seen fewer diners and been picketed over a $ 100 contribution by a manager and member of the owning family .
Marjorie Christoffersen told The Los Angeles Times , " I 've almost had a nervous breakdown . " • San Diego developer Doug Manchester , who donated $ 125,000 to put Prop 8 on the ballot , has seen a boycott against hotels he owns , including the Manchester Grand Hyatt on San Diego Bay .
Manchester did not return calls seeking comment .
Sonja Eddings Brown , spokeswoman for the Protect Marriage coalition , which supports Prop 8 , said Manchester 's hotel " has lost several national conventions and conferences . "
• A - 1 Self Storage , with 30 locations across California , has also been targeted by Karger 's group .
Owner Terry Caster and family members donated $ 693,000 .
Caster did not return calls but has a recording on his phone defending the contribution and Prop 8 .
" The homosexual community is trying to change something that has been practiced since the start of our great country , " he says , referring to marriage .
" I simply exercise my right to support that which I believe in . "
Brown says she has received calls from small business owners in Hollywood and West Hollywood who have lost customers because of their donations .
She said she has seen printed lists that name Hollywood studio employees who gave to the cause , an action that " replicates that feel " of blacklists of movie - industry figures who many in Hollywood to this day believe were prevented from earning a living because of their politics .
Some say blacklist is the wrong analogy .
Larry Gross , professor and director of the school of communication at the University of Southern California , said publicizing donors is a legitimate tactic .
He says it is similar to the Montgomery , Ala. , bus boycott of the 1960s in which blacks were protesting segregated seating .
" This is a matter of private citizens saying they do n't want to patronize businesses that have worked against their interests , " Gross said .
But Ron Prentice , executive director of the California Family Council , says it is wrong to compare supporters of traditional marriage to racists .
" I think the general public is recognizing intolerance " of the blacklist , he said .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Pediatric surgeon Mohan Gundeti , MD , at the Da Vinci console .
Credit : University of Chicago Medical Center
A 10 - year - old Chicago girl born with an abnormally small bladder that made her incontinent has become the first patient to benefit from a new robotic - assisted bladder - reconstruction method developed by surgeons at the University of Chicago Medical Center .
The surgeons describe their innovative technique in the December 2008 issue of the journal Urology .
They have now performed the operation , using the DaVinci robotic surgical system , six times , with good results and no significant complications .
The first patient , treated Feb. 21 , 2008 , suffered from a very small , spasmodic bladder , a birth defect that led to gradual kidney damage and loss of urinary control .
" We refer to this condition as neurogenic bladder , " said team leader Mohan S. Gundeti , MD , assistant professor of surgery and chief of pediatric urology at the University of Chicago 's Comer Children 's Hospital .
" Her bladder could barely hold six ounces .
Worse , it produced frequent involuntary contractions , which forced the urine back up into the kidneys , where it slowly but inevitably causes damage , including frequent infections . "
The girl always felt that she urgently had to go to the bathroom .
She stopped drinking juice or soda .
She even cut back on water , to less than two cups a day .
Medication helped a little , but despite two years of trying different treatments , the problem continued to get worse and began to cause kidney damage , which made surgery necessary .
Although Gundeti had performed the operation to enlarge and relax a tiny spasmodic bladder many times , it had never been done robotically -- an approach that has produced quicker recovery , less pain and minimal scars in other procedures .
" This is a major , lengthy operation , " he said , " essentially five smaller procedures done in sequence . "
Known as an augmentation ileocystoplasty with Mitrofanoff appendicovesicostomy , the surgery normally begins with a big incision , about six inches long , from above the navel down to the pubic area , followed by placement of retractors to pull the stomach muscles out of the way .
" The robotic approach enabled us to avoid that entire incision , which causes significant post - operative pain , presents an infection risk and leaves a big scar , " Gundeti said .
Instead , the robotic tools enter the abdomen through five small , dime - sized holes .
In this operation , the surgeons use about 12 inches of intestine to reconstruct a larger bladder , " more than twice the original size , " said Gundeti .
" Plus , it can no longer contract with the same force . "
Then they converted the appendix into a " continent conduit , " a drain for the new , expanded bladder , with one end implanted into the wall of the bladder and the other end leading outside the body through small outlet in the lower abdomen .
A skin flap covers the fleshy appendix opening .
" No one had ever done the full operation this way , " Gundeti said .
" It requires a lot of familiarity with both the open operation and considerable laparoscopic experience . "
This first case took about ten hours , compared to six - to - eight hours for an open procedure .
The team included Gundeti and adult urologists Arieh Shalhav and Gregory Zagaja , as well as follows , residents and the nursing team .
The team was able to reduce OR time in the subsequent cases .
After such a long , complicated operation , " I expected my daughter to be covered with bandages and gauze and tape , to have a big swollen belly with a big wound , " the patient 's mother recalled .
" But there was none of that .
I was stunned .
Her belly was flat and normal , no bandages , not even a band - aid , just a few little cuts that looked like they had been covered with glue .
Oh , I thought , she 's going to like this .
No big scars .
She could wear a bikini . "
" I would not want her to wear a bikini , " she added , " but she could . "
" Patients like surgery without significant scars , " Gundeti said .
" We also hope to show that in addition to the benefit of no big wound to heal , just five small punctures , there is less risk of infection , quick recovery and less pain . "
Pain management for this case consisted of oral medications , rather than the traditional morphine and epidural anesthesia , which is contraindicated in young patients who have had previous spine surgery .
The patient started drinking clear liquids six hours after surgery and eating within 24 hours , which she " greatly appreciated , " Gundeti said .
She went home about four days after her surgery and within six weeks was completely continent , day and night .
" This is a great benefit for the child and her family , " Gundeti said .
Although she still has empty her bladder with a regular catheter , it is now easier to do and is far more reliable at retaining urine .
" She has n't had a leak since then , " her mother said .
" She can drink water , or juice , even soda .
She 's enjoying the freedom she never had . "
Source : University of Chicago Medical Center
Olive oil is obtained from the squeezed olive fruit .
Taking into account olive oil ’s health benefits as well as its importance for various national cuisines in the world , we have decided to depict the oil extraction process to answer numerous questions of interested people .
During olive harvest in November 2007 , we toured a small private Antico Frantoio della
Marina olive orchard owned by Nardone family in a little Italian town Marina di San Vito .
There we were following all the phases of olive oil extraction .
The cold extraction method of olive oil is conducted without additional heat and without any chemical interference , using traditional mechanical equipment .
This allows to preserve natural organoleptical , nutritious and beneficial properties of the final product .
The olives of the “ Gentile di Chieti ” type were gathered by hands with the help of special combs , packed in bags then , and sent for processing to the farm .
The olives were thoroughly washed there .
The first stage starts with grounding and pressing olives using mechanic millstones .
This turns olives into oily paste which is fed through the opening into special porous plates .
Several plates are then stacked together and cold press method is applied .
Pressing forces oily liquid out of plates into special tank and is then fed to separator .
Separator breaks water and juice from oil .
Residual flows into separate tank while out of the other pipe comes fine fragrant Extra Virgin olive oil of perfect taste and 1 % acidity .
This is a virgin oil that tastes and smells like olives it was produced from .
One liter of this oil consumes 10 - 12 lbs of olives .
Apart from its wonderful taste , olive oil is exceptionally healthy .
Olive oil is beneficial for those with heart condition in the first place due to its high fatty acids content .
It is particularly rich in monounsaturated acids that prevent cholesterol deposits in the blood vessels .
These acids lower bad cholesterol levels and increase good cholesterol content which helps against atherosclerosis .
Other health benefits of Extra virgin olive oil :
Phenols ( antioxidant agents ) .
They destroy free radicals and , thus , slowing down ageing of cells and lowering the risk of cancer .
agents ) .
They destroy free radicals and , thus , slowing down ageing of cells and lowering the risk of cancer .
Oleanolic acid ( 80 % content in olive oil ) .
It is essential compound for nervous system development and building of strong bones in kids .
It also benefits adults .
The oil is a good source of vitamin E .
Its major function is to prevent the combustion of polyunsaturated fatty acids .
E. Its major function is to prevent the combustion of polyunsaturated fatty acids .
Pro-vitamin A ( beta - carotene ) is another antioxidant that helps clear blood and prevents thyroid gland disorders .
) is another antioxidant that helps clear blood and prevents thyroid gland disorders .
Chlorophyll helps our cells to increase oxygen uptake , purifies the liver and boost hemoglobin levels protecting from anaemia .
It also helps against piles .
Note :
It would do you good if you drank 1 - 2 tablespoons of extra virgin olive oil every day .
Doing so you get as much nutrients as possible and may stay healthy longer .
Sharing the Good Word comes in many forms .
Pastors are constantly challenged by how they will get through to the masses , to share what God has planned for them in Heaven .
“ 5… 5 Dollar … 5 Dollar Foot long . ”
So how is a Minister supposed to reach out and bring the lost home ?
Apparently it ’s by being completely out of their minds .
As seen below with the …
Top 10 Preachers That Are Batshit Crazy Insane .
STOP !
I lost a contact lense !
Some of these Preachers are from TV , some from College Campuses , and some from inside their churches .
Apparently craziness knows no bounds .
* Please keep in mind that some of these videos are kinda long , please allow them time to load up .*
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
# 10 – “ You Guys Gotta Call Me On Regular Phones , These Cellphones Are Horrible ! ”
# 9 – LOL !
# 8 – “ Are You Using Profanity Son ?
Then You ’re In Trouble With God . ”
# 7 – “ God wo n’t accept … ”
# 6 – “ Mother Nature Do n’t Do That ! ”
# 5 – “ Gaaaaaaaawwwwwwdddddd ! !!!! ”
# 4 – “ SU - PER - S- T- D ! ”
# 3 – “ Get Wasted ! ”
# 2 – “ Satanists Melt Babies Into Candles ! ”
# 1 – “ I Come In The Name Of Jesus , Repeat It After Me Bitch ! ”
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
Just so everyone knows , we at Gremlindog honestly have the utmost respect for anyone that has the guts to be a minister / preacher / pastor / priest .
But geez … these guys are just a little too far gone .
Ever had something like this happen to you on campus , at your church , or have you seen a program like this on TV ?
Tell us about it in the Comments Section !
19th December 2008 , 12:11 am
I realized in the shower this morning that there ’s a serious flaw in my unamb implementation as described in Functional concurrency with unambiguous choice .
Here ’s the code for racing two computations :
race :: IO a -> IO a -> IO a a `race` b = do v <- newEmptyMVar ta <- fork
Put a v tb <- forkPut b v x <- takeMVar v kill Thread ta kill Thread tb return x forkPut :: IO a -> MVar a ->
IO Thread
Id forkPut act v = forkIO ( ( act >>= putMVar v ) `catch` uhandler `catch` bhandler ) where uhandler ( ErrorCall " Prelude.undefined " ) = return ( ) uhandler err = throw err bhandler BlockedOnDeadMVar = return ()
The problem is that each of the threads ta and tb may have spawned other threads , directly or indirectly .
When I kill them , they do n’t get a chance to kill their sub - threads .
If the parent thread does get killed , it will most likely happen during the takeMVar .
My first thought was to use some form of garbage collection of threads , perhaps akin to Henry Baker ’s paper The Incremental Garbage Collection of Processes .
As with memory GC , dropping one consumer would sometimes result is cascading de-allocations .
That cascade is missing from my implementation above .
Or maybe there ’s a simple and dependable manual solution , enhancing the method above .
I posted a note asking for ideas , and got the following suggestion from Peter Verswyvelen :
I thought that killing a thread was basically done by throwing a ThreadKilled exception using throwTo .
Ca n’t these exception be caught ?
In C# / F# I usually use a similar technique : catch the exception that kills the thread , and perform cleanup .
Playing with Peter ’s suggestion works out very nicely , as described in this post .
There is a function that takes a clean - up action to be executed even if the main computation is killed :
finally :: IO a -> IO b -> IO a
Using this function , the race definition becomes a little shorter and more descriptive :
a `race` b = do v <- newEmptyMVar ta <- fork
Put a v tb <- forkPut b v takeMVar v `finally` ( killThread ta >> killThread tb )
This code is vulnerable to being killed after the first forkPut and before the second one , which would then leave the first thread running .
The following variation is a bit safer :
a `race` b = do v <- newEmptyMVar ta <- fork
Put a v ( do tb <- fork Put b v takeMVar v `finally` kill Thread tb ) `finally` kill Thread ta
Though I guess it ’s still possible for the thread to get killed after the first fork and before the next statement begins .
Also , this code difficult to write and read .
The general pattern here is to fork a thread , do something else , and kill the thread .
Give that pattern a name :
forking :: IO ( ) -> IO b ->
IO b forking act k = do tid <- forkIO act k `finally` kill Thread tid
The post - fork action in both cases is to execute another action ( a or b ) and put the result into the mvar v .
Removing the forkIO from forkPut , leaves putCatch :
putCatch :: IO a -> MVar a -> IO ( ) putCatch act v = ( act >>= putMVar v ) `catch` uhandler `catch` bhandler where uhandler ( ErrorCall " Prelude.undefined " ) = return ( ) uhandler err = throw err bhandler BlockedOnDeadMVar = return ()
Combe forking and putCatch for convenience :
forking
Put :: IO a -> MVar a -> IO b -> IO b forking
Put act v k = forking ( putCatch act v ) k
Or , in the style of Semantic editor combinators ,
forking Put = ( result.result ) forking putCatch
Now the code is tidy and safe :
a `race` b = do v <- newEmptyMVar forking
Put a v $ forking Put b v $ takeMVar v
Recall that there ’s a very slim chance of the parent thread getting killed after spinning a child and before getting ready to kill the sub - thread ( i.e. , the finally ) .
If this case happens , we will not get an incorrect result .
Instead , an unnecessary thread will continue to run and write its result into an mvar that no one is reading .
I realized in the shower this morning that there ’s a serious flaw in my unamb implementation as described in Functional concurrency with unambiguous choice .
Here ’s the code for racing two ...
Obama To Get Top Secret CIA Briefing President - elect will be briefed on al Qaeda , Iraq , and Iran .
November 5 , 2008  -- President - elect Barack Obama will learn the full " burdens of office " tomorrow when he receives his first top secret briefing from the Director of National Intelligence , Mike McConnell .
McConnell will be accompanied by the CIA 's top intelligence analyst , Michael Morel , the Director for Intelligence , and two senior CIA briefers , intelligence officials tell ABCNews.com .
Morel will take over the briefing responsibility for the President - elect through the transition after tomorrow 's initial session , officials say .
During the campaign , the CIA director , Gen. Michael Hayden , provided a national security briefing to both Obama and Sen. John McCain .
Vice - president elect Joseph Biden will receive a separate briefing from the CIA , officials say .
Top Obama advisers are eager to begin a strategic shift in counter - terrorism policy with a much greater focus and commitment of resources to going after al Qaeda and Osama bin Laden in the Pakistani tribal region .
Officials say the President - elect will learn the CIA still has no specific information on the whereabouts of bin Laden but has a much better set of leads on the location of bin Laden 's deputy Ayman al - Zawahari .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Updated at 12:45 p.m.
Today ’s jobs report was dreadful — much worse than economists had anticipated — and you will be hearing a lot of comparisons that try to put it in context .
This one may be the most telling :
The share of adults who are working — 61.8 percent — is at its lowest level in 15 years .
And even that , arguably , understates the depth of the problem .
Fifteen years ago , women were less likely to be in the labor force than they are today .
The share of adult men with jobs , which has been gradually falling for much of the last few decades , is now at its lowest level since a two - month period in early 1983 .
Other than that , it ’s the lowest level since the Labor Department began keeping records in 1948 .
( See my note on this below . )
Just about every economist thinks that the labor market will continue to get worse , which means it ’s on a path to be in its worst shape since the painful recession of the early 1980s .
The worst news in the report was tucked away in the details .
Every month , the Labor Department releases an initial estimate of the employment change from the previous month and then updates that estimates as new data comes in over the following two months .
This morning , it said that employers had cut 284,000 jobs in September — almost twice as many as initially thought .
They also cut another 240,000 jobs in October .
The cuts are of roughly the same scale as those in the months immediately after the Sept. 11 attacks .
The one bright spot is that inflation is abating , mostly because of plunging oil prices .
So while the real weekly pay fell 2 percent between September 2007 and September 2008 , it fell only 1.4 percent between October 2007 and October 2008 .
But a drop of 1.4 percent is still pretty terrible .
It ’s a bigger drop than at almost any point during the 2001 recession or in the wake of it .
Back then , households were also able to dip into their rising home values to supplement their incomes .
Not anymore .
No wonder the latest retail numbers have been so dismal .
Note :
My original post incorrectly said a smaller share of men were working last month than in any month since at least 1948 .
The updated version notes that , in fact , the share was lower for two months in 1983 .
Hat - tip to Ben Furnas of the Center for American Progress Action Fund .
For Immediate Release International Witnesses Speak Out from Gaza For More Information , please visit http://www.FreeGaza.org , or see contact details below .
( Besieged Gaza , Palestine - 27th December 2008 ) - Human Rights Defenders from Lebanon , the UK , Poland , Canada , Spain , Italy and Australia are present in Gaza and are witnessing and documenting the current Israeli attacks on Gaza .
Due to Israel 's policy of denying access to international media , human rights defenders and aid agencies to the Occupied Gaza Strip , many of these Human Rights Defenders arrived in Gaza with the Free Gaza Movement 's boats .
FREE GAZA boats have broken Israel 's siege of Gaza five times in the past four months .
" At the time of the attacks I was on Omar Mukhtar street and witnessed a last rocket hit the street 150 meters away where crowds had already gathered to try to extract the dead bodies .
Ambulances , trucks , cars - anything that can move is bringing injured to the hospitals .
Hospitals have had to evacuate sick patients to make room for the injured .
I have been told that there is not enough room in the morgues for the bodies and that there is a great lack of blood in the blood banks .
I have just learned that among the civilians killed today was the mother of my good friends in Jabalya camp . "
- Eva Bartlett ( Canada ) International Solidarity Movement " Israeli missles tore through a children 's playground and busy market in Diere Balah , we saw the aftermath - many were injured and some reportedly killed .
Every Hospital in the Gaza strip is already overwhelmed with injured people and does not have the medicine or the capacity to treat them .
Israel is committing crimes against humanity , it is violating international and human rights law , ignoring the United Nations and planning even bigger attacks .
The world must act now and intensify the calls for Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions against Israel ; governments need to move beyond words of condemnation into an active and immediate restraint of Israel and a lifting of the siege of Gaza " - Ewa Jasiewicz ( Polish and British ) Free Gaza Movement " The morgue at the Shifa hospital has no more room for dead bodies , so bodies and body parts are strewn all over the hospital . "
- Dr. Haidar Eid , ( Palestinian , South African ) Professor of Social and Cultural Studies , Al Aqsa University Gaza " The bombs began to fall just as the children were on the streets walking back from school .
I went out onto the stairs and a terrified 5 year old girl ran sobbing into my arms . " -
Sharon Lock ( Australian ) International Solidarity Movement " This is incredibly sad .
This massacre is not going to bring security for the State of Israel or allow it to be part of the Middle East .
Now calls of revenge are everywhere . "
- Dr. Eyad Sarraj - President of the Gaza Community Mental Health Centre " As I speak they have just hit a building 200 metres away .
There is smoke everywhere .
This morning I went to the building close to where I live in Rafah that had been hit .
Two bulldozers were immediately attempting to clear the rubble .
They thought they had found all the bodies .
As we arrived one more was found . " - Jenny Linnel ( British ) International Solidarity Movement " The home I am staying in is across from the preventive security compound .
All the glass of the house shattered .
The home has been severely damaged .
Due to the siege there is no glass or building materials to repair this damage .
One little boy in our house fainted .
An eight year little boy was trembling on the ground for an hour .
In front of our house we found the bodies of two little girls under a car , completely burnt .
They were coming home from school .
This is more than just collective punishment .
We are being treated like laboratory animals .
I have lived through the Israeli bombardment of Beirut and the Israel 's message is the same in Gaza as it was in Beirut -
The killing of civilians .
There was just another explosion outside ! " -
Natalie Abu Eid ( Lebanon ) International Solidarity Movement ----- Human Rights Defenders in Gaza ( available for interviews ) : Dr. Eyad Sarraj ( Arabic and English ) +972 599400424 Ewa Jasiewicz , Free Gaza Co-Coordinator in Gaza ( Polish , Arabic , and English ) - +972 59 8700497 Dr. Haider Eid ( English and Arabic ) + 972 59 9441766 Sharon Lock ( English ) +972 59 8826513 Vittorio Arrigoni ( Italian ) +972 59 8378945 Fida Qishta ( English and Arabic ) +972 599681669 Jenny Linnel ( English ) +972 59 87653777 Natalie Abu Shakra ( Arabic and English ) 0598336 328
For more information on the Free Gaza Movement ( FREE GAZA ) or the International Solidarity Movement ( ISM ) contact in the West Bank : Adam Taylor ( ISM ) - 972 59 8503948 Lubna Masarwa ( FREE GAZA ) - 972 50 5633044 ###########
The Free Gaza Movement , a human rights group , sent two boats to Gaza in August 2008 .
These were the first international boats to land in the port in 41 years .
Since August , four more voyages were successful , taking Parliamentarians , human rights workers , and other dignitaries to witness the effects of Israel 's draconian policies on the civilians of Gaza .
http://www.FreeGaza.org
.. all because he does n't like how CNN's Campbell Brown treated his PR monkey Tucker Bounds Monday night .
If you can't stand up to Dan Senor 's wife , Senator , how can we trust you to stand up to the terrorists ?
Download Download
Pakistan News , India News , Business News , Sports News , Fashion News , Travel News and much more from Geo News World .
It is not just living organisms that evolve .
Minerals do too , and much of their diversity has arisen in tandem with the evolution of life
Alamy
EVOLUTION has come a long way since Charles Darwin 's time .
Today it is not only animals and plants that are seen as having evolved over time , but also things that involve the hand of humans , like architecture , music , car design and even governments .
Now rocks , too , seem to be showing evolutionary characteristics .
Rocks are made from minerals , which like all matter are composed of individual chemical elements .
What makes minerals special is the way that the atoms of those elements are arranged in lattices which create unique crystalline structures and shapes .
Today more than 4,000 different minerals can be found on Earth .
When the planet began to be formed , however , few existed .
Curious as to how this great variety came about , Robert Hazen of the Carnegie Institution in Washington , DC , and a team of colleagues set out on their own voyage of discovery .
Their study , just published in American Mineralogist , explores the history of minerals by identifying how much of the diversity was created by the rocks alone and how much of it was created by the evolution of life .
Before the formation of the sun and planets , all the chemical elements found on the periodic table were floating around in the primordial dust of the Solar System .
Some elements were more common than others , but everything from argon to zinc was there .
Minerals , however , were almost entirely absent .
Only a handful , like diamonds and olivine , could be found , having been formed far away in exploding stars .
Out of the void
Minerals form from chemical elements in only a few ways .
They can crystallise when molten lava becomes a solid ; they can be left behind as residues when water carrying dissolved elements evaporates , or they can be deposited in water when concentrations of dissolved elements get too high .
In one way or another , atoms of different elements are brought close together to form their crystalline lattices .
And once some minerals are formed , more can be created chemically .
Usually this happens by exposing minerals to agents that rip away electrons , just as oxygen does during oxidation .
As the planets congealed , gravitational forces and particle collisions created the high temperatures necessary to melt metals floating around in space , and minerals began their diversification .
Once the sun and planets took shape , heat became readily available in the form of solar radiation , asteroid impacts , and gravitational pressure .
Magma appeared in abundance and in some locations formed vast molten oceans .
Dr Hazen and his team speculate from meteorite and early rock studies that several hundred mineral species , including zircon , quartz , clay and halite salt crystals , formed during this early period of mineral evolution .
Although Mercury and the Moon never progressed beyond the planetary - congealing stage , volcanic activity on Mars , Venus and Earth created powerful forces that caused further mineral diversification .
Much of it resulted from volcanoes blasting out gases like carbon dioxide and water vapour , which allowed ice ( also a mineral ) to form near the poles of Earth , and possibly on Mars too .
Plate tectonics , the formation of faults and the moving of the continental crust over a molten interior , is a characteristic unique to Earth and it meant that minerals evolved far beyond those on any other planet in the Solar System .
These epic processes melted and reprocessed vast amounts of rock and concentrated chemical elements in new ways .
Massive ore deposits of copper , lead , zinc , silver , gold and other metals formed in this way .
Over 1,500 minerals are thought to have formed on Earth before the beginnings of life some four billion years ago .
Obviously , minerals do not have genes and thus cannot mutate as living things do .
Nevertheless , when life appeared , the evolution of minerals and the diversity of life became entwined .
Microscopic algae , the earliest living organisms , drew carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and expelled oxygen .
Over millions of years this created an oxygen - rich atmosphere that rapidly removed electrons from minerals near the surface , creating rust out of iron and forming thousands of new minerals from other metals like nickel , copper and uranium .
Living stones
In the oceans , as animals with hard parts evolved , their bodies mineralised shells and skeletons for protection and support .
Corals too started combining the calcium and carbonate that was floating freely in the water to construct reefs .
All of the materials that animals made started to litter the sea floor and this vast accumulation of bone , shell and coral got pressed together into a mineral known as calcite .
On the land , plants produced acids around their roots that converted minerals of volcanic origin , like mica , feldspar and pyroxene , into clay minerals that ultimately formed intensely rich soils .
This explains why volcanic islands like Hawaii are so lush .
New minerals created by living things continue to turn up .
One of the most recent discoveries was by Hexiong Yang , who named it Hazenite as a tribute to Dr Hazen , his former teacher .
Hazenite is a mineral formed by microbes in the highly alkaline Mono Lake in California .
Understanding just how dramatically life shapes minerals will play an important role in the exploration of the universe , says Dr Hazen .
Knowing which minerals form at different stages of a planet 's evolution , and which depend upon life to be present , are crucial to understanding the mineralogy of other planets and moons .
With NASA 's Messenger probe now going into orbit around Mercury , Dr Hazen predicts that it will find only 300 or so minerals on the planet .
If there are 500 - 1,000 detected , then it will suggest that there is a lot more to Mercury than anyone originally thought .
And if minerals that depend upon life for their formation show up , then researchers will be flummoxed .
The same is true for Mars and other planets — including the exoplanets that have been known about but which have just been seen for the first time orbiting stars outside the Solar System ( see article ) .
Dr Hazen argues that considering minerals in evolutionary terms is a powerful way to help identify how far a planet has developed geologically .
Moreover it can tell you whether life was present at some point — and even whether it is present now .
( Hat tip to Tara DeMoulin )
Who says debate is dead in America ?
Take a look at these photos of two churches across the street from each other :
( Seven Posts in Seven Days – Day 1 )
I am surprised that some of you are up in arms about my calling Sarah Palin a bitch , or John McCain an ass or even George Bush a jackass .
I read your comments about how I should be more respectable and not call Sarah Palin a bitch .
Some of you are actually praying for me because I called John McCain an ass .
In particular I am struck by the comments that suggest the problem with our country is that we can’t have an intelligent conversation to solve our problems without resorting to name calling like when I called George Bush a jackass .
Well this old broad is hurt .
Clearly I did n’t start this blog to call Sarah Palin a bitch …or John McCain an ass … or even George Bush a jackass .
I am so sorry if I have offended any of you .
What was I thinking when I called Sarah Palin a bitch ?
New rules :
I will stop calling George Bush a jackass when he stops calling me a terrorist :
Either you are with us , or you are with the terrorists .
I will stop calling John McCain an ass when he stops calling Barack Obama a socialist at every dog and pony show on the Straight Talk Express tour .
I will stop calling Sarah Palin a bitch when she stops calling Obama a terrorist sympathizer .
And I will stop calling Sarah Palin a bitch when she stops calling the parts of the country where I do n’t live more Pro-American than the part of the country where I do live .
And I will definitely stop calling Sarah Palin a bitch when she stops acting like a bitch .
I ’m old enough to remember the Republican party of Barry Goldwater – when the party stood for fiscal responsibility , small government and personal freedoms .
I remember when I could talk with friends about politics and just agree to disagree .
And then religious nut cases decided that if you did n’t agree with them you were immoral .
So they went and elected George Bush President so he could take the Republican Party from being a party full of respectable people to a party filled with asses , jackasses and yes – bitches like Sarah Palin .
I am tired of Rush Limbaugh suggesting that feminism is a dirty word .
How hard did he fight to gain the right to vote ?
Or own property in his own name ?
Or get equal pay for equal work ?
And I am tired of Sean Hannity suggesting I am un-American because I do n’t think that war is the answer to everything .
How many bullets has he taken defending his country in battle ?
And I am tired that Sarah Palin can decide what she wants to do with her body but other women can’t make that decision for themselves .
NEW , New Rules :
If you are not for me , you are against me .
I ’ll get over it .
Now kindly return the favor .
Oh …and one last thing .
Elisabeth Hasselbeck is still a moron .
There is just no way around that , Folks .
Thanks for stopping by everyone .
I am doing fine .
Thanks for asking .
I mean it
Stress and sleep are strongly bound together .
Lack of sleep can cause stress and stress can be the cause for lack of sleep .
It is important to find ways to manage stress and sleep because this combination can cause serious problems to our mental and physical health .
Stress is how the body and brain reacts in any new or threatening emotional ( exciting ) situation .
Stress is not always harmful but it is sometimes helpful because it gives you more energy which may help you experience physical challenges , solve problems and reach / achieve objectives / goals .
When stress continues without interruption for long periods can cause insomnia ( lack of sleep ) , headaches , back pain , anorexia , fatigue , depression and other physical symptoms .
Problems with lack of sleep and stress
It is known that lack of sleep ( insomnia ) causes problems in thinking and concentration .
It is also capable of causing stress and serious health problems .
First of all , it should be noted that chronic lack of sleep increases the risk of type 2 diabetes .
This increases cortisone which is a stress hormone that regulates glucose in the blood .
The prolonged lack of sleep ( insomnia ) makes your body to constantly inject cortisone in the blood .
The cortisone in term increases blood glucose .
This obliges the body to express and inject in the blood more and more insulin in an attempt to reduce blood glucose .
If this situation lasts over time , the gradual increased production of insulin leads to insulin resistance .
The resistance to insulin may lead to type 2 diabetes .
At the same time the increase of insulin in the blood promotes the storage of fat in the body thereby increasing the risk of obesity .
Also , another adverse effect of stress and lack of sleep is the weakening of the immune system by making people more prone to infections and colds .
Finally , chronic sleep deprivation speeds up the mechanisms of ageing .
When someone does not sleep enough the brain does not produce normal amounts of hormones but it produces quantities similar to those of elderly people .
In brief the biggest risks brought by lack of sleep and stress are :
Type 2 Diabetes
Obesity
Infections
Cancer
Ageing
Reducing mental capabilities and performance
Accidents and road accidents
Ways to manage stress and sleep
A black and white copy of an episode of the BBC 's classic comedy Dad's Army has been restored to its original colour .
Many episodes were wiped in the 1970s so the videotapes could be reused but copies of all colour episodes have since been returned except one which survived only as a black and white film recording .
Now with the help of computer technology it has been given back its colour .
Stephen Smith reports .
Now that the Grand Old Party has come to an end , Republicans across the land are finding new things to do with their time .
Mike Huckabee has a talk show , Sarah Palin is perfecting the art of stand - up - governorship , Mitt Romney ’s a Brylcreem salesman and the Republican National Committee ’s Online Communication Manager , James Richardson has become a blogger .
We mention the last one because Richardson ’s been using his digital hitching post to say some crazy , unorthodox things about gay adoption .
The case of Frank Martin Gill , a gay Florida man raising two foster children gave Richardson pause when a judge ruled that banning gay adoption is unconstitutional .
Richardson took a look at the lay of the land and realized that maybe this anti-gay thing is n’t the way to win votes after all .
He writes :
“ My support for gay adoption will surely be met with hostility and , no doubt , charges of RINO ’ism by many of my colleagues , but the Grand Old Party is at a crossroads and now is not the time for an echo chamber .
Homosexual demagoguery is not the answer to the Party ’s woes , particularly when gay men and women represent the only demographic in which John McCain bested President Bush ( 27 % to 19 % based on exit polling ) .
And as Daniel Blatt notes , gay - hostile rhetoric no longer resonates in suburban areas with soccer moms , many of whom have gay friends or family members , and plays even worse with young voters , 61 % of which voted against stripping gay couples of the right to marry .
To my dissenters , let me be clear , I am not advocating some sort of radical “ judicial activism . ”
I maintain that judicial resolution to these matters ( adoption , marriage , etc ) typically leads to protracted and bitter legal battles , but , what is perhaps equally as distressing is our collective failure as a Party to hold a candid discussion on the emerging role of gays in the Party and society at large – not as outcastes , but as equals . ”
Every moderate blog in the universe jumped on the story , including Sully , Hot Air , Poligazette and The Moderate Voice all congratulating this one lone Republican for suggesting that the Republican Party reexamine their stand on gay rights .
They also all commented on how James Richardson ’s dissidence would prompt all sorts of angry attacks by the far right blogosphere , which has n’t happened – because now that the election is over far - right loonies do n’t have to pretend that John McCain campaign staffers are actual real Republicans anymore and can go back to ignoring all their talk of electability and “ changing with the times . ”
The far - right ’s response to November ’s losses has been to entrench deeper into the cultural Maginot Line , hoping that they can whip up support by calling gays “ terrorists ” or “ anarchists ” and making everyone believe Newt Gingrich is relevant again .
These folks do n’t blog ; they scratch their missives on the bodies of their defeated opponents and hang them in the public square for all to see .
The question is , who will dominate the next iteration of the Republican Party ?
Will it be the Bitters or will new voices like Richardson show the G.O.P. a way out of the “ Angry Old Man ” forest ?
Washington
WHEN President Bill Clinton pardoned a billionaire fugitive from justice on his last day in office , even usually loyal Democrats were dismayed .
Representative Henry Waxman of California called it “ bad precedent ” and “ an end run around the judicial process . ”
He said it appeared to set a double standard for the wealthy and powerful .
The billionaire was Marc Rich , a commodities trader , and his pardon is a subject of discussion again because Eric Holder , Mr. Clinton ’s deputy attorney general at the time and a key figure in the clemency process , is reported to be Barack Obama ’s choice for attorney general .
In the years since the Rich pardon , Mr. Holder has said he “ never devoted a great deal of time to this matter . ”
He also told an interviewer that , in hindsight , he wished that the Justice Department had been “ more fully informed ” about the case .
As someone who helped cover the story for The Washington Post , I think the issue is far more complicated and deserves more scrutiny if Mr. Holder is to become our top law - enforcement official .
A little history first .
In 1983 , Marc Rich was indicted along with his partner , Pincus Green , and their companies on 65 counts of defrauding the I.R.S. , mail fraud , tax evasion , racketeering , defrauding the Treasury and trading with the enemy .
( The last of these was for an oil deal with Iran while it held American hostages . )
On hearing that they were about to be prosecuted , they fled to Switzerland .
For the next 17 years , Mr. Rich ducked extradition requests as well as attempts by federal marshals to arrest him in France , England , Finland and elsewhere .
Mr. Rich ’s lawyers tried repeatedly to reach a deal with federal prosecutors in New York that would keep him out of jail if he returned .
Though his companies pleaded guilty and paid $ 200 million in fines and other penalties , Mr. Rich insisted that the case against him was weak .
The prosecutors offered to drop the racketeering charges and to let Mr. Rich free on bail ( without a passport ) if he would return .
Mr. Rich refused .
Finger length may be an indication of sexual orientation , a controversial study has shown .
Scientists from California found that lesbian women have a greater difference in length between their ring finger and index finger than straight women do .
The same pattern was also found for homosexual men - but only when the researchers looked at those males that had several older brothers .
The scientists from the University of California at Berkeley were testing a theory that higher levels of androgen - male sex hormones - in the womb influence both finger length and sexual orientation .
They did this by looking at the hands of 720 men and women on the streets of San Francisco .
The volunteers had their fingers measured and were asked questions about their sexual orientation and the number of older brothers and sisters in the family .
In women , the ring finger and index finger tend to be about the same length .
In men , however , the index finger is usually the shorter of the two digits .
' Masculine ' pattern
What the study showed was that lesbian women also tended to have the more " masculine " arrangement - that is , they had shorter index fingers .
But the ratio of finger sizes in men was more complicated .
Comparisons between all men showed no differences .
Only gay men with several older brothers had an unusually " masculine " finger ratio - in other words , they had significantly shorter index fingers .
Having a large number of older brothers had previously been established as a factor predisposing men to homosexuality , and like finger length reflects prenatal androgen exposure .
Homosexual men without older brothers had finger length ratios indistinguishable from heterosexual men , indicating that factors other than hormones - such as genetic influences - also contribute to sexual orientation .
" The results in men are more complicated but also more interesting , " Dr Marc Breedlove , one of the researchers , told the BBC .
This is because they suggest younger brothers are being exposed to higher levels of androgen in the womb than their elders .
Womb ' memory '
" We think it is inescapable that the mother 's body is remembering how many sons she has carried before , and somehow she is then increasing the amount of androgen that each subsequent son sees before birth .
So the fascinating questions are : where is the memory being stored in the mother 's body and what is she doing to change amount of androgen that each subsequent son sees . "
The Berkeley study has been published in Nature .
Scientists in the UK have given it a cautious reception .
They say far more work is required to back up some of the ideas contained in the research .
" I think this is a possibility , " said Dr Richard Sharpe , of the human reproductive science unit at Edinburgh University .
" But no - one has actually measured the levels of androgens in foetuses or the womb - you can imagine it is difficult to do - so this is all speculation .
It may be informed speculation , but I think when we get on to a subject as touchy as sexual orientation we need to clearly define what is speculation and what is fact . "
Dr Sharpe said animal studies had shown how female sex hormones could affect sexual differentiation in the brain and regulate sexual behaviour , but this had still to be proved in humans .
It could well be different , he said .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) -
When a Russian sociologist wrote a newspaper column last month suggesting the global financial crisis could cause social unrest , the state media watchdog advised the paper not to spread extremist sentiments .
A woman looks at magazines at a newspaper stall in Moscow in this November 26 , 2008 .
The financial crisis is presenting Russia 's ruling elite with the most serious challenge to its power in a decade .
The Kremlin has responded by offering a bailout package and economic stimulus measures between them worth over $ 200 billion .
But journalists and critics say the Kremlin has deployed another weapon too : using its grip on the media to try to prevent ordinary people from finding out how bad things really are .
Picture taken November 26 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Denis Sinyakov
“ This is censorship , ” said Yevgeny Gontmakher , the author of the column and the head of the Academy of Science ’s Social Policy Center .
“ The situation in the country is changing ; you can no longer utter the word ‘ crisis ’ . ”
The financial crisis is presenting Russia ’s ruling elite with the most serious challenge to its power in a decade .
The Kremlin has responded by offering a bailout package and economic stimulus measures between them worth over $ 200 billion .
But journalists and critics say the Kremlin has deployed another weapon too : using its grip on the media to try to prevent ordinary people from finding out how bad things really are .
Russia ’s sovereign debt was downgraded by Standard & Poor ’s for the first time in 10 years on December 8 , stocks have lost about 70 percent of their value since May , and the central bank has spent $ 160.3 billion in a bid to support the rouble .
A reporter for a major Russian newspaper said editors told staff at morning meetings to exercise care when reporting on the impact of the crisis inside Russia .
“ It comes from the top , via the meetings the top editors have with the government and the Kremlin , ” said the reporter , asking not to be named because he feared he could lose his job if he spoke publicly on the issue .
“ The reasoning is to prevent panic from spreading inside Russia .
We can still report on the crisis but we have to be very careful of how we term things , so it is a way of reporting rather than an outright ban . ”
At the end of last week Russia ’s chief macroeconomic planner was overruled by Prime Minister Vladimir Putin after saying Russia was already in a recession .
Within hours , Putin told a different story , trumpeting growth of around 6 percent for 2008 and predicting Russia would weather the financial storm .
CRISIS ... IN RUSSIA ?
Asked to comment on allegations the government was dictating how the crisis should be reported , Dmitry Peskov , the chief spokesman for Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said : “ That is absolutely not true . ”
Russian officials are not ignoring the crisis .
President Dmitry Medvedev has acknowledged problems on the financial markets will spread to the real economy and Putin says the downturn will test the country ’s mettle .
Vigorous debates on the topic can be found on internet blogs and in some newspapers .
Some of the reporting holds little back , with unsourced details about firms ’ financial health that in many other countries may spur a legal challenge .
But on the three main television stations -- the principal source of news for most Russians -- the crisis is often treated as a problem that is happening somewhere else .
On November 24 last month , when U.S. President - elect Barack Obama formally set his economic team with a pledge to act “ swiftly and boldly ” to avert recession , the 9:00 p.m. bulletin on Russia ’s most - watched television station Channel
One only directly referred to the crisis six items into the broadcast , in an item about the threat of layoffs in the United States .
It did not mention that on the same day , the central bank had conceded it would have to let the rouble depreciate for the second time in two weeks as investors fled the currency .
“ It ’s amazing .
You do n’t hear anything about the crisis , ” said former world chess champion Garry Kasparov , now a vocal Kremlin critic . ”
“ It is a total virtual reality .
There is a crisis in America , the United Kingdom , ( but ) Russia ? ” Kasparov told Reuters in an interview .
A spokeswoman for Channel One , which is controlled by the state , denied the existence of any government orders on how to cover the crisis .
PATRIOTISM
Russia is not the only ex-Soviet state where the financial crisis is testing the limits for freedom of speech .
In energy producer Kazakhstan , hit by falling prices for oil and a liquidity crunch in its banking sector , one senior official concerned about undermining confidence suggested that President Nursultan Nazarbayev stop using the word “ crisis . ”
In Belarus , accused by the West of squeezing democracy , the central bank advised commercial banks last week to call in the police if they heard any customers inside branches talking loudly about the bank ’s liquidity .
Police in European Union member Latvia jailed an academic for two days for saying in an online debate people should not trust the banks , and launched a case against a singer who made similar comments at a concert .
But the crisis is especially sensitive for Russia , because it may spell the end of a decade - long economic boom that allowed many people to feel a sense of national pride again after the humiliations of the Soviet collapse .
Putin , who served eight years as president before stepping down in May , promoted that feeling of resurgence with steps such as reviving Soviet - era military parades on Red Square and urging officials to quote figures in roubles , not dollars .
Sergei Polonsky , chairman of property developer Mirax , wrote an open letter to journalists on behalf of the troubled construction sector , telling them negative coverage could destroy his industry .
“ Look around you and think how much Russia has been transformed over the past 10 years , ” he wrote .
“ Now imagine that construction comes to a halt ...
It ’s a frightening picture . ”
One senior foreign exchange trader in Moscow said he did not want to comment on the central bank ’s efforts to support the falling rouble because if he did , it would add to the bad news surrounding the currency .
“ I am a Russian patriot and I would not like that , ” he said .
Contents Laws grant monopoly Oncosec medical ( nasdaq: oncs ) Important business assets Front page ) information Patent - pending spanish ingredient …
A patent is an exclusive right granted for an invention , which is a product or a process that provides , in general , a new way of doing something , or offers a new technical solution to a problem .
To get …
In 2019 , consumers spent $ 601.75 billion buying from US merchants online — up 14.9 % in 2018 .
Sales are growing fast , creating plenty of opportunities for aspiring entrepreneurs .
With planning and a bit of work , you can create your own successful ecommerce business .
Keep reading for five tips for building an ecommerce website for your business .
1. Research and Choose Your Niche
Do n’t make the mistake of believing you can get rich selling just anything on the internet .
Your online store must have a niche to stand out .
Pick a focus by researching which areas are competitive .
If there is no competition for your desired niche , it ’s safe to say there is n’t a market for it either .
You also ca n’t pick an overly crowded niche or try to sell products dominated by successful brands .
The more specific you are about what you sell , the less competition you ’ll likely face .
Once you ’ve identified your niche , you ’ll start itching to find products to sell — not so fast .
It would help if you thought about your target audience .
You ca n’t choose items to sell if you do n’t know who you ’re selling to .
To identify your store ’s target persona , ask yourself the following questions :
Who are you ?
What does your store represent ?
Who are your ideal customers ?
Do your best to present a consistent brand image , and you ’ll gain loyal customers .
3. Do n’t Skip the Basics
An online store may seem easier to run than a physical one , but you should n’t neglect your business plan .
Creating a solid business plan allows you to iron out the details such as product sourcing , staffing , logistics , breakeven point , and marketing budget .
While you ’re setting your business plan , do n’t forget to apply for the appropriate licenses and permits .
Check with a local attorney to see which licenses you need .
Get any licenses approved before you start operating your online store .
4. Choose the Right Platform
When it ’s time to create your online store , make sure you choose the platform that best meets your needs .
You do n’t need an expensive development company to design your ecommerce solution .
Just use a pre-built theme from an existing platform such as BigCommerce , WooCommerce , or Shopify .
Each platform will have several pricing tiers and options .
For example , Shopify offers two platforms : Shopify and Shopify Plus .
They ’re the same solution with these differences that provide enterprise - level companies additional options .
5. Invest in Online Marketing
You ca n’t create a store and expect people to come without investing in marketing .
If you do n’t have the funds to invest in online marketing right away , get to work researching the marketing industry .
There are plenty of resources out there for digital marketing tips — subscribe to marketing newsletters or digital marketing podcasts and take notes .
Ready to Start Your First Ecommerce Store ?
Creating your own ecommerce store does n’t have to be a struggle .
If you put in the time and effort , you could launch a profitable website for only a few hundred dollars per month .
For more trending tech news , tips , and hacks , take a look at the rest of our website .
There is a load of noise being generated right now about Wikipedia being filtered by six of Britain ’s largest ISPs because of instances of child pornography being found on certain articles .
In a rather opportune coincidence , I came across the effect of this filtering mechanism a little over a week ago because of problems accessing some Ning networks that I am members of / operate with – importantly none of these are child pornography sites but are engineering and software coding related ones including the Ning Developer and Network Creator networks .
I am not an apologist for those despicable scum , just someone who managed to get a written explanation of the transparent caching mechanism that is used by one of these ISPs – Plusnet .
I thought it would be useful to post the description in full for those like Cory Doctorow , so they could understand the mechanism better rather than have to reverse engineer it .
My problems stated when I received posting timeouts on trying to sign up to the Ning Developer network , which produced the interesting error message of :
( 104 ) Connection reset by peer
An error condition occurred while reading data from the network .
Please retry your request .
Generated Tue , 25 Nov 2008 11:08:54 GMT by pcl-iwfcache02.plus.net ( squid )
and in the end this message was being generated by problems in the Ning network configurations , which they resolved but it acted as the canary for revealing the transparent caching solution which was operating .
Why it was operating was not particularly clear .
After the error went away with Ning , I thought nothing more until a Tweet response came back from someone else on Plusnet who operated Nings , to which I replied with a comment about Plusnet and transparent caching .
Now Plusnet , like other ISPs , are now on Twitter and there was an immediate response and a reference to a new update on my open ticket to Plusnet about my problems .
The response was :
Dear Mr Nock ,
Apologies for the confusion but all of your traffic does not pass through these proxies .
Their purpose is to prevent access to websites that are listed on the Internet Watch Foundations child abuse lists – http://www.iwf.org.uk/
Our routers firirstly check the IP address of the server that ’s hosting the URL you ’re trying to access .
If they determine that the IP address is also used to host one of the websites on the IWF list then your request is passed to the IWF proxies .
A lookup is then done and if the address you ’re trying to access matches one on the list then the request is denied .
If it does n’t match , then the request should be honoured and you should n’t experience any problems .
Here ’s a visual depiction – http://community.plus.net/wp-content/uploads/2008/12/iwf_process_flow.png
This is n’t foolproof though and we have seen issues akin to what you ’re experiencing with other shared sights like Yahoo profiles and Flickr .
The URL you ’re trying to access will be perfectly safe ( and wo n’t be on the IWF list ) but the process is breaking down somewhere .
I ’ll do some playing around with ning on a test line and assuming I can replicate the problem I ’ll raise it internally so we can fix it for you .
Kind regards ,
*** ******
For those interested , here is the visual depiction referenced above :
I was initially concerned that all my content was passing via this transparent cache – a privacy and performance concern – but as described above this does not happen unless I hit the criteria set by the ‘ suspect list ’ .
However it seems that the suspect list is a little suspect , particularly for shared sites like Ning , Flickr , and now as we see Wikipedia .
David Geffen is no dummy .
When I called him today , he knew exactly what I wanted to talk about : " Maureen 's column , right ? " he said before I could finish a sentence .
I guess you do n't get to be a fabulously successful media mogul without having a sixth sense of what on someone 's mind , whether they 're a famous filmmaker or a tongue - tied reporter .
When historians start looking for turning points in the trajectory of the Obama campaign for the presidency , they will inevitably turn to Feb. 21 , 2007 , the day that the New York Times ' Maureen Dowd ran a column where Geffen blasted then - Democratic presidential front - runner Hillary Clinton .
He did n't just say he disliked Hillary , he dismissed her as " the easiest [ candidate ] to beat . "
He called Hillary overproduced and overscripted .
" It 's not a very big thing to say , ' I made a mistake ' on the war , and typical of Hillary Clinton that she can't . "
Geffen added that after eight years of George W. Bush as president , " I do n't think that another incredibly polarizing figure , no matter how smart she is and no matter how ambitious she is -- and God knows , is there anybody more ambitious than Hillary Clinton - - can bring the country together . "
Geffen 's indictment of Clinton caused a firestorm .
It 's easy to forget that back in the winter of 2007 , Hillary was n't just the front runner -- she was considered inevitable .
The entire Clinton campaign was based on a sense of her invincibility .
Clinton operatives were telling deep - pocket party supporters -- you better sign on now .
The train is leaving the station and you do n't want it leaving without you .
Geffen broke the spell .
Having soured on the Clintons after raising huge sums of money for Bill and sleeping in the Lincoln bedroom - - twice -- Geffen found himself enamored of Obama from the first time he saw him on TV , giving a speech at the 2004 Democratic National Convention .
" I thought he was a remarkable guy , " Geffen told me today .
" After I heard him give that speech , I called him up and said , ' You 're going to run for president and I 'm going to support you . ' " Geffen says Obama laughed and said he was very flattered , but that he was n't running .
Cut to two years later .
" He called me one day and said with a laugh , ' David , I guess you 're right .
I am running for president and I 'd like your support . '
And of course , I said , ' You have it . ' "
What is the private Obama like ?
And how did Dowd get Geffen to finally go public with his complaints about Hillary ?
Keep reading :
This story was updated to inlclude additional reporting .
To read the latest story , click here .
Despite warnings to businesses about the dangers of skipping Windows Vista , many IT managers and CIOs are standing firm that the risks of migrating to Vista outweigh the benefits .
The recent press coverage regarding performance efficiencies seen in the Windows 7 pre-beta ( delivered at Microsoft 's recent Professional Developers Conference ) has dimmed the spotlight on Vista a bit .
Also , Vista sales have fallen short of expectations lately :
For the fiscal first quarter of 2009 , Microsoft 's Windows client division revenue increased a mere 2 percent in year - over - year growth , while operating income dropped by 4 percent .
Mike Nash , corporate VP of Windows product management , was asked recently if he expects users to bypass Vista and wait for Windows 7 .
He referenced the progress made in Vista SP1 , but added that " customers are going to make their own decisions . "
Yes , they are .
Whether they are spitefully , wholeheartedly skipping Vista or doing it for straightforward budgetary reasons , the decision on what to do ( or not to do ) with Vista still weighs heavy on the minds of IT managers .
IT pros and CIOs we talked to for this story have some old concerns regarding Vista , starting with its ROI , and some new ones , such as how they 'd handle a Vista upgrade for users who 've now decided based on months of negative publicity that Vista 's a bad choice .
What they have in common is clear :
They 're sticking with XP , at least until Windows 7 arrives .
XP Works Just Fine , Thank You
The old expression , " If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it " , rings true for IT managers .
Many do not see enough demand for Vista at their companies and XP is giving them everything they need .
To upgrade would be to unnecessarily complicate their infrastructures , they say .
John Halamka , CIO of Harvard Medical School , says he has not been able to justify upgrading to Vista for his user population of doctors and nurses , citing the PC hardware requirements of Vista and the stability of XP .
" The hardware lifecycle in health care is five to seven years , and Vista requires more modern hardware then we have , " Halamka says .
" Simplicity , ease of use and performance are key drivers for us .
XP addresses these needs better than Vista . "
Steve Berg , VP of IT at Taser International , heads up an XP shop and plans to stay that way until Windows 7 .
" My rationale is that XP is running our applications very well and is extremely stable on our hardware , " he says .
Taser rolled out a few Vista installs internally , Berg says , and saw " instability issues and applications running much slower than they run on XP . "
Another big concern Berg has with Vista : Significant training would have to take place to get his users comfortable with a different look and feel , he says .
Hard to Justify Vista ROI
Any upgrade is an investment , and like any new Microsoft operating system , the Vista upgrade comes with multiple costs including new hardware , new drivers , possible compatibility problems and training of staff .
Will there be a sufficient return on these IT budget investments ?
Some IT managers are still dubious .
Aron Smetana , CIO of Headlands Asset Management / Paul Financial in San Francisco , questions the tangible benefits of upgrading to Vista .
" The features do n't justify the costs of upgrading to Vista , which include upgrading and replacing hardware , the user learning curve , and the initial maintenance , " Smetana says .
His IT team tried out Vista , Smetana says , and although no one disliked it , " no one kept using it on a daily basis ... there was n't a compelling case for individuals to keep using it . "
Having key business applications that are not certified on Vista is often a roadblock as well .
Gasper Genovese , VP and CIO of Republic Media , a media consulting company in Phoenix , says he can't implement Vista because of application certification .
But he adds : " Even if that was not the case , there is no ROI on the training and disruption cost of making the change [ to Vista ] .
Given the state of the economy , we need to focus on projects that will move us forward , not allow us to do the same thing differently . "
Stephen Laughlin , Director of IT at the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences , says he feels no pressure to upgrade because , " XP will be able to be used for a long time . "
Laughlin feels an upgrade to Vista would be too elaborate for his company 's needs .
" It means also upgrading to Office , and possibly Exchange , and now Windows Server — there 's too much cost , time and energy , " he says .
Negative Vista Press on my Mind
Whether Windows Vista deserves all of the negative press it 's received is debatable , and even now , you do n't have to look far to see that debate unfold on any tech news site or blog .
But the public perception of Vista , true or not , is that it 's a failure .
This perception tends to get into the heads of IT managers and affect purchasing decisions .
Smetana of Headlands Asset Management contends that Vista has been worn down by being knocked hard in the press .
" While my feeling is that it 's not as bad as people think it is , that 's hardly a glowing endorsement , " he says .
" I can also tell you that lots of people , from power - users to Microsofties on my team , really wanted to like it , but no one felt compelled . "
Smetana adds : " When an end - user would ask us what was different or cool about it , almost everyone pointed to the Aero screen flipping and the new built - in desktop wallpaper .
When that 's the biggest thing you can show someone , it makes for a tough sell to provision the budget to upgrade to Vista , and combined with the bad press , it 's a major uphill battle . "
Berg of Taser International also cites negative perceptions of Vista and says he does n't want to deal with the potential risks .
" We are on an Enterprise Agreement with Microsoft , so it would n't cost us anything extra to upgrade .
But I just foresee headaches and complaints from my user community . "
OTTAWA ( Dow Jones Newswires ) , October 31 , 2008
Once the archetype for runaway cost inflation , companies operating in Canada 's oil sands may be sparking a global effort to rein it in .
Many companies there have made announcements either postponing investment outlays or delaying investment decisions .
The latest was Royal Dutch Shell PLC , which on Thursday said it was pushing back the decision on whether to expand output from the oil sands , Alberta 's vast reserve of tarry impurity - rich crude that 's expensive and difficult to extract .
The Anglo - Dutch major said it will wait until costs fall to give the green light to boost output at its Athabasca project by 100,000 barrels a day , following an ongoing expansion that will bring production to 250,000 barrels a day in 2010 .
Across the energy spectrum , company executives are pointing the finger at costs , hinting that they will need to fall significantly as oil prices have more than halved from July 's all - time highs above $ 145 a barrel .
Natural gas and crude oil producers are targeting their contractors , who did n't hesitate to raise prices when labor markets were tight and costs of materials were skyrocketing .
And costs may already be easing .
Last week , ConocoPhillips ( COP ) Chief Executive Jim Mulva noted that costs for the industry were already starting to moderate on the slide in oil prices , including " softness " in rig utilization costs .
The company , along with ExxonMobil Corp. ( XOM ) and Chevron Corp. ( CVX ) , has indicated it is sticking to existing spending plans .
Waiting For Calm
Oil sands companies were the first to feel the pain of plunging oil prices and the credit crisis .
Mining tar - like bitumen and shipping it to refineries costs more than extracting hydrocarbons from more conventional fields , bumping up the oil sands ' price threshold .
Analysts estimate some projects may need a long - term oil price of $ 100 a barrel or even higher to make a decent return .
The high upfront capital costs often lead to heavy reliance on the credit markets , especially for start - up firms with no independent cash flow .
But this option has slammed shut amid the global liquidity crisis , and oil sands developers have already started rejiggering project plans as a result .
Suncor Energy Inc. ( SU ) got the ball rolling last week , slashing capital expenditures and delaying part of its project , and Petro - Canada ( PCZ ) is likely to do the same .
Nexen Inc. ( NXY ) and OPTI Canada Inc. ( OPC.T ) are also pushing back a decision to expand its newly minted Long Lake development .
These extra barrels may not immediately be missed given the dismal demand outlook in the U.S. , where nearly all of Canada 's oil exports are destined .
But cutbacks to new and existing energy ventures may threaten future oil flows and cause a spike in prices down the road , as oil executives play a game of brinksmanship with their suppliers .
In the meantime , the slowdown may cool scorching inflation rates in Alberta - estimated at 10 % a year - as fewer projects compete for the same limited pool of labor , aided by tumbling steel prices .
And the turnaround will likely give producers more clout as they negotiate deals with their contractors .
" You 're going to have some leverage on some suppliers , not necessarily today but six to 12 months from now , that we have n't had in the last five or six years , " Suncor Chief Executive Rick George said last week .
" What I 'm really hopeful for is we can get Fort McMurray to calm down . "
The remote Fort McMurray , the hub of the oil sands industry , has seen soaring housing prices and strained infrastructure as people from all over Canada and beyond have poured into the boomtown .
' A Highly Sticky Issue '
Five years ago , the capital cost of building a project that mined bitumen and processed it into high - quality crude was around C$ 40,000 per barrel of production , reckons Andrew Potter , a UBS Securities analyst .
The same project today could cost C$ 180,000 per barrel , or around C$ 18 billion for a typical 100,000 barrel - a- day development .
Soaring raw material prices , notably for steel , have played a big role .
Oil sands will likely find some relief here :
Steel prices have slumped three - quarters from summer highs as major consumers - China in particular - rein back demand amid fears of a global economic slowdown .
But the main culprit is labor .
As the oil sands became increasingly profitable on rising crude prices and technological advances , companies flocked to Alberta to exploit the biggest oil reserves outside Saudi Arabia .
But labor was and still is limited , especially experienced labor , a result of the mass layoffs during the oil price slump of the 1980s .
Companies found themselves fighting over a shrinking pool of labor , offering huge wages even to recently qualified workers , whose lack of experience slowed progress and often led to delays and yet higher costs .
" You saw a lot of competitive bidding - guys going from camp to camp to camp for what seemed to be incremental gains , " said William Lacey , an analyst at Calgary 's First Energy Capital .
" And while trying to persuade people to take lower wages is a highly sticky issue ... with the slowdown , hopefully you 're going to get some rational behavior happening in the market . "
The Elusive Green Light
The collective impact of project delays may work out rather well for companies that still decide to push ahead .
Through its affiliate Imperial Oil Ltd. ( IMO ) , ExxonMobil is still sticking to schedule for the C$8 billion Kearl oil sands mine .
" [ While ] some of the other oil sands projects may be slowing down or whatever , that could actually provide some benefit to us in respect to lower cost , both for raw material and services , " David Rosenthal , ExxonMobil 's vice president of investor relations , said on a conference call Thursday .
Imperial is expected to make the decision to go ahead with Kearl in the first quarter of 2009 .
But as delays and even outright cancellations tamp costs over the medium term , oil demand is expected to rebound when economies around the world shake off the current downturn .
And as projects are taken off hold , costs will come straight back up , though perhaps not as much as before .
" Companies indicated they were comfortable with costs around C$ 100,000 ( per barrel of production ) but when we started getting estimates of C$ 160,000 or C$ 180,000 , then we heard a collective gasp , " First Energy 's Lacey said .
" That 's when investors put their foot down and said , ' Enough . ' "
Copyright ( c ) 2008 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
Friday , 07 Nov , 2008 Current Events
Shocking results of a recent analysis , carried out by the drug agency of the European Union , show that Britain leads the list of the countries with the worst drug abuse in Europe .
It was found that young people living in Britain are the biggest fans of cocaine , Ecstasy and amphetamine in Europe .
The report showed that youngsters in Britain are using cocaine in larger quantities and more frequently than any other country in the world , not considering the United States .
Cocaine is popular among teenagers aged 15 and 16 .
Statistics show that 1 in 20 schoolchildren have used cocaine , that makes 200,000 teens aged 15 and 16 .
The death - rates from drug use in Britain are also some of the highest in European Union , surpassing some of the major countries in EU .
Luxembourg , Estonia , Norway and Denmark are the four nations that registered the highest number of deaths from drug use in EU .
Deaths from drug use in Britain were twice those registered in Germany and four times higher than in France .
According to the report of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction , a European agency with headquarters in Lisbon , the use of Ecstasy " remained consistently higher in the UK compared to other countries . "
The report stated that British teens , who previously used amphetamine , are now switching to cocaine .
They are using cocaine with higher frequency and in large proportions .
The figures of the report show that four European countries surpass Australia in terms of cocaine abuse .
It is worth mentioning that Australia is considered to have the highest rates of cocaine use .
However , only Britain shows " a lifetime prevalence estimate " that is comparable to that of the United States .
Five percent of British young people use more cocaine than the young people in Spain , which became one of the leading European drug centers in recent years after building connection with South Africa .
The report showed that the use of cannabis in Britain decline , mentioning that the country had one of the highest rates of cannabis use in the mid-1990s .
Currently , however , Britain ranks third .
Youngsters who previously used cannabis reported lack of interest to the drug .
The drug report was developed as a reproach to ministers who attempt to show that the drug use in Britain is declining among teenagers .
It 's worth noting that the British Crime Survey reports a decreased use of drugs in Britain for the past several years , which comes in contradition with the new report .
According to Shadow Home Secretary Dominic Grieve , the highest rate of cocaine use among teens aged 15 and 16 is due to the chaotic , confused and unworried approach to drugs of the Labor .
Currently cannabis is in class C category , where , according to David Nutt , Professor of Psychopharmacology and Head of the Department of Community Based Medicine at the University of Bristol , Ecstasy should be included ( currently being considered class B drug ) .
Ministers are to consider placing cannabis in the class B category after the use of drug led to schizophrenia and a number of other mental illnesses .
However , police chiefs say that they will not arrest those who possess cannabis , which means that the reclassification of the drug will not have a considerable effect .
KANSAS CITY , Mo. , Dec. 2 ( UPI ) -- Vitamin D deficiency is an unrecognized , emerging cardiovascular risk factor , which should be screened for and treated , a U.S. researcher says .
Dr. James H. O'Keefe , cardiologist and director of Preventive Cardiology at the Mid America Heart Institute in Kansas City , Mo. , said it is estimated that up to half of U.S. adults and 30 percent of children and teenagers have vitamin D deficiency .
Advertisement
Vitamin D deficiency also alters hormone levels and immune function , which can increase the risk of diabetes , a major contributor to cardiovascular disease , O'Keefe said .
Recent data from the Framingham Heart Study suggest patients with vitamin D levels below 15 nanograms per milliliter were twice as likely to experience a heart attack , stroke or other cardiovascular event within the next five years compared with those with higher levels .
" Restoring vitamin D levels to normal is important in maintaining good musculoskeletal health , and it may also improve heart health and prognosis , " O'Keefe said in a statement .
" We need large randomized controlled trials to determine whether or not vitamin D supplementation can actually reduce future heart disease and deaths . "
Vitamin D can also be consumed through supplements and food intake .
Natural food sources of vitamin D include salmon , sardines , cod liver oil , and vitamin D - fortified foods including milk and some cereals , O'Keefe said .
The findings are published in the Dec. 9 issue of the Journal of the American College of Cardiology .
So as you may remember , back in May Monster Cable pulled one of its sad bully tactics and sued a company called Monster Mini Golf , claiming that the glow - in - the - dark putt - putt outfit was somehow harming its trademarks -- a nonsensical brand of idiotic evil we were so tired of implicitly condoning that we held a vote on whether or not we 'd even continue to cover Monster at all .
Not surprisingly , 60 percent of you responded in the negative , and we 've dutifully ignored the company , its ridiculous cables and overblown power strips ever since -- and , to be honest , we 've been fine with it .
Well , it looks like Monster 's trying to rehab its image : the company 's put up a site today called " Monster Mini Golf Truth " that apparently makes public a proposed settlement agreement between Monster Cable and Monster Mini Golf .
As you 'd expect from a company as ham - fisted and reflexively nasty as Monster Cable , it 's basically another attempt to exert a death grip on the word " Monster . "
Monster Cable says it 's dropping the lawsuit and that the mini golf people can still be called " Monster Mini Golf , " but only if they pay a $ 100 / month license fee and agree that Monster Cable owns the mark outright .
In turn , Monster Cable will donate $ 100 each month to two different charities , including one that gives Segways to disabled veterans .
Sure , it sounds nice , but it 's notable that Monster Cable is trying to settle this in public rather than in the conference room of a law firm -- Monster Mini
Golf stands a fair shot of winning this one in court , and we'd bet they 've already turned this offer down privately .
We do n't know how this one will end , but we do know you probably should n't have the CEO of your company saying things like " We 're not some big corporate Mongols " in a video designed to sway public opinion .
It 's after the break , in case you were wondering why the ban on Monster still stands .
As one astute reader 's pointed out , Monster Cable is asking for $ 100 per month , per franchise .
With twenty - two franchises , that adds up to $ 2,200 a month .
Anti-war veterans deploy 4,171 toy soldiers at gas station David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday November 17 , 2008
Print This Email This
In a daring guerrilla raid earlier this fall , members of the Los Angeles chapter of Iraq Veterans Against the War ( IVAW ) infiltrated a local gas station to deploy a battalion of 4171 toy soldiers , together with a sign reading , " Price of Gas : 4171 U.S. Soldiers . "
The project was initiated by designer Andrew Wilcox , who served as art director , and photographer and former marine Jonas Lara .
According to Wilcox , it also involved " 6 Iraq War Veterans who wish to remain anonymous . "
A video of the action , carried out in the early morning hours of October 11 , has now been posted on YouTube and Digg and featured at the IVAW website and on several blogs .
One blog commented approvingly , " There are many reasons this campaign succeeds .
It begins with IVAW 's authority on the matter .
These are n't just a bunch of liberal college kids .
...
They served the country ; they saw the flaws and inequities first - hand , from the inside or the front lines .
Then they spoke out to dramatic effect .
However , the video is also gaining notice from right - wing sites , one of which suggested caustically , " These wannabe jihadists are members of the moonbat cult Iraq Veterans Against the War .
Here they put their military skills to use as best they are able by arranging toy soldiers in front of gas pumps to express their dog-eared and cretinous motto , No War for Oil .
Good thing these clowns are n't over in Iraq , where they could get themselves and ( more importantly ) real soldiers hurt . "
This video is from IVAW.org , posted Nov. 11 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Do n't look down !
Climbers explore the murky abyss of 3,100 ft deep underground shaft in China
Hold on to your specs while peering down here .
You'd have a long climb to the bottom if they fell off .
This rocky chasm in China is one of the world 's deepest underground shafts .
It stretches down for an astonishing 3,100 ft , or 1,026 metres .
An international team of cave explorers who discovered the cave , near the village of Tian Xing , are seen descending into the abyss .
The 3,100ft underground shaft near the village of Tian Xing in China where climbers spent two months exploring for four to five days at a time
The abyss :
The cave is said to be one kilometre deep
The picture was taken by photographer Robert Shone , 28 , of Manchester , who spent two months with the climbers documenting - their explorations .
Camping underground for four to five days at a time , the team were able to explore the extensive network of caves and tunnels .
Mind the gap :
An explorer watches a waterfall from a slippery perch
Photographer Robert Shone spent two months documenting the team 's underground discoveries
Though unimaginably deep , the Chinese caves are actually dwarfed by others across the globe .
The world 's deepest cave is Krubera in Georgia , which is 6,822 ft deep ( 2,080 metres ) , followed by Lamprechtsofen in Austria ( 5,354ft or 1,631 metres ) and Gouffre Mirolda in France ( 5,335 ft or 1,626 metres ) .
As an interesting comparison , the world 's tallest peak , Mount Everest , is 29,029ft ( 8,848 metres ) high .
Between a rock and a hard place : Explorers crawl through the cave network
Breathtaking :
The team , below , were able to explore the network of cave and tunnels in the underground shaft
rawstory / afp
President George W. Bush , already facing scant public support , saw his approval rating slump to a new record low , according to a new survey released Monday .
The CNN television / Opinion Research survey found that just 24 percent of respondents believe Bush is doing a good job , against 76 percent who said that was not the case .
One percent had no opinion .
Bush ’s troubling popularity number was down from 28 percent in a CNN poll taken between October 31 and November 1 .
It was the lowest approval rating since Harry Truman ’s 67 percent in January 1952 .
The poll of 1,246 adult Americans was taken November 6 - 9 .
The poll comes as the US president met Monday with his successor , president - elect Barack Obama , at the White House .
( Source )
Have some non-FreeBSD related questions , or want just to chit - chat about anything that is not related to FreeBSD ?
This is the forum for you .
Note : this is NOT a forum for technical questions about non-FreeBSD operating systems !
Hey , this Sunday 's Times Magazine features an awesome " Domains " interview with everyone in the world 's favorite tee vee pundit Rachel Maddow !
We read an advance copy and can officially break the news that Rachel Maddow is totally cool .
She lives way out in western Massachussetts with her partner Susan ( pictured ) .
She is seemingly the most normal and charming and totally well - adjusted cable news host in America .
Seriously !
Totally without the crippling ego of everyone else on every other cable network !
She still has no television of her own , she is annoyed at having to dress like " an assistant principal " in order to be allowed on tv , she identifies with Wally Cleaver , and after learning her favorite hobby we decided conclusively that we want to be her friend :
I am a hobbyist bartender .
I have a liquor cabinet .
I research classic drinks from the golden age of American cocktails and I make them for me and Susan .
Then she names her favorite " obscure liquor . "
Rachel Maddow , rational and down - to - earth Lesbian who enjoys making alcoholic beverages , we salute you .
Image Via . Related : Why Rachel Maddow Never Made It On Fox News [ NYO ]
Crystal Cathedral Hour of Power : Robert H. Schuller Fires Son Robert A. Schuller
, 82 , the founder of the Crystal Cathedral and patriarch of the Sunday morning Hour of Power broadcast , has removed his only son54 from his preaching duties on the weekly televised program .
In a prepared statement that was read by church president Jim Coleman to the 450 member congregation , it appears father and son have had a serious falling out .
" Robert H. Schuler and Robert A. Schuler have different ideas as to the direction and the vision for this ministry .
For this lack of shared vision and the jeopardy in which this is placing this entire ministry , it has become necessary for them to part ways . "
The Hour of Power will move away from just one or two voices and will now " serve as a platform for the greatest preachers in the world . "
The elder Schuller turned over the Hour of Power and the Crystal Cathedral church ministry to his son Robert A. Schuller in January 2006 .
The father and son have always had divergent preaching styles .
The senior Schuller is said to be heavier on psychological reference and lighter on scriptural reference .
The younger Schuller emphasizes scripture as a ' primary teaching ' that often veers from Christian to secular .
He founded his own church in Orange County before joining his father at the Crystal Cathedral seven years ago .
It is yet to be determined if Robert A. Schuller will continue in his role as senior pastor of the Crystal Cathedral church ministry in Garden Grove , California .
John Charles , a church spokesman , was asked what had happened to create the rift between father and son .
He responded , " I tried to get that answered today and there 's really no answer .
The two principals would have to explain that and they 're not . "
UPDATE January 31 , 2010 --
The Hour of Power has been canceled in some areas of the country as part of a cost cutting measure by Crystal Cathedral .
UPDATE July 11 , 2010 -- Rev. Robert H. Schuller retires again - turning things over to daughter Rev. Sheila Schuller Coleman .
UPDATE : October 17 , 2010 : The Crystal Cathedral has filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy , after struggling with debt for the past two years .
The church is estimated to be $ 50 - $ 100 million in debt .
Their immediate problems involve $ 7.5 million owed vendors for advertising and services .
They have attempted to make repayment arrangements but many have filed lawsuits .
According to a church spokesman , Crystal Cathedral 's Sunday services and weekly - telecast Hour of Power will continue for now .
Photo below :
Photos : WENN
Major Source of Online Scams and Spams Knocked Offline
A U.S. based Web hosting firm that security experts say was responsible for facilitating more than 75 percent of the junk e-mail blasted out each day globally has been knocked offline following reports from Security Fix on evidence gathered about suspicious activity emanating from the network .
For the past four months , Security Fix has been gathering data from the security industry about McColo Corp. , a San Jose , Calif. , based Web hosting service whose client list experts say includes some of the most disreputable cyber - criminal gangs in business today .
On Monday , Security Fix contacted the Internet providers that manage more than 90 percent of the company 's connection to the larger Internet , sending them information about badness at McColo as documented by the security industry .
On Tuesday afternoon , I heard back from Global Crossing , one of McColo 's major Internet providers .
Their spokesman declined to discuss the matter , except to say that Global Crossing communicates and cooperates fully with law enforcement , their peers , and security researchers to address malicious activity .
Two hours later , I heard from Benny Ng , director of marketing for Hurricane Electric , the Fremont , Calif. , company that was the other major Internet provider for McColo .
Hurricane Electric took a much stronger public stance : " We shut them down , " Ng said .
" We looked into it a bit , saw the size and scope of the problem you were reporting and said ' Holy cow !
Within the hour we had terminated all of our connections to them . "
As of this writing , McColo 's Web site is no longer available .
In fact , I pinged no fewer than three different researchers who have tracked activity at McColo for many months :
None could find a single Internet address assigned to the hosting provider that was still reachable .
Officials from McColo did not respond to multiple e-mails , phone calls and instant messages left at the contact points listed on the company 's Web site before the site was taken offline .
There 's more to come with details about this story later tonight or early tomorrow , but I wanted to get this post published before we got scooped on our own story .
QR Code Link to This Post
And every day I return here , looking for . . .
I do n’t know what .
Me ?
Do I hope to spot myself ?
Or someone I know ?
Or maybe to hear a story – someone who actually met their missed connection .
In my head someone sees a description of themselves on Craigslist ( ‘ Wait , I was that barista ’ or ‘ Hey , I was shopping at that Dominic ’s at 6 PM last night ’ ) .
Tentatively , that person sends an email to the anonymous address .
Details are compared , pictures are exchanged .
The two flirt over email , bemused by how needle - in - a - haystack the odds of having found each other again are .
They meet at Starbucks for coffee .
Yes , of course they go to Starbucks .
Coffee leads to dinner which leads to a fiery affair .
Days of laughter and nights of passionate sex .
As the days drag on , though , the two discover little things about each other that annoy .
He wears his dirty shoes on her new carpet .
She ’s never on time .
And the little things were just the beginning .
Suddenly issues arise over family and race and the two are n’t having sex , like , ever .
Before you know it , the relationship is over .
What can I say , sometimes the glass is half empty .
And sometimes the half - empty glass is more interesting .
But , I digress .
The reason I am writing is about my own quest for a missed connection .
Put simply , I want , and please notice my effort to establish my credibility by displaying my familiarity with Craigslist parlance , an MC.
So I started hanging out at what appear to be the most likely places one might have an MC .
Starbucks , of course .
But my barista barely notices me in the morning and everyone else seems too busy ordering their half - caf double skim no - whip whatevers to even notice me , let alone indulge in some lingering eye contact .
The El platform seemed promising , especially given the fact that I get on in the heart of Lincoln Park , but everyone is reading .
I made the Lincoln Park / Lakeview / Wrigleville bar circuit , and while I met some interesting women , it does n’t seem to count as a “ missed ” connection when you end up with a phone number .
I walked down Michigan Ave .
There I did make eye contact with a very attractive woman .
Our eyes lingered as I approached her .
Could this be it ?
But then she said , “ stop staring , ” and so I do n’t that that counts .
I shop at Whole Foods and Dominics and Jewel and have never once almost met someone in the frozen foods section .
I do n’t belong to Bally ’s , so I guess I could try that , but to be honest I kinda like the gym I ’m at .
So , anyway , if you ’d like to be my missed connection , drop me a line .
Maybe we could arrange to be at opposite sides of an El platform at a certain time or something .
At this point I ’m willing to try anything .
今年、南部先生、小林先生、益川先生がノーベル賞に輝かれた。
そのニュースを実験室で知り「おお、このメンバーなら誰も文句がつけられない。つけられるとしたら遅かったことくらいだ。」と思った。ただ、組み合わせが少し妙なので「何で?」と思い、確認すると「自発的対称性の破れ」とある。なるほど〜。
しかし、これは難しい。特に南部先生の業績は説明できる気がしない、というかそれ以前に説明できるほどきちんと分かっている自信がない*1、笑。実際にテレビ局から電話がかかってきた。私はにやりと笑ってこういった。「おう、おまえか。言いたいことは分かる。だが、これは相当難しいぜ。」ざっと説明するが頭を抱える彼。「明日の朝までに、また聞きなおすよ。」
集まり NHK のニュースをみる。いかにも分かってそうな顔で「自発破れ」といっているのがちょっと面白かった。
そして、問題の益川先生の発言である。
「 いや、大してうれしくないです。 」
皆様なにか勘違いされているようだが、この「大してうれしくない」はおそらくは益川先生の本音だ。小林先生も似たようなものだろう。なんとか小林先生が自分のプライドと世間体のバランスを取ろうとしているのにアナウンサーは全く空気が読めていない。そんなにうれしいと言わせようとするのは実に非礼だ。
小林先生・益川先生はそろそろ敬称を失う方々である。つまり小林・益川と呼び捨てにしないと私のような下っ端には何となく落ち着かない、ということだ。これは足利尊氏を足利尊氏様と呼んだら「おまえ何」という感じがするのと同じである。
先に小林益川理論を知りその後に「彼らがご存命であることに驚愕する」学生はそれなりにいると思われる。それくらいの方々なのである。
インタビューを受けている小柴先生から流れる微妙な空気もこれを反映したものだ。「もらって当然だと思いますよ。」といっているのは文字通りなのだ。野依先生は多分大して分かってない。ぎらぎらした方らしいから自分の箔付けに使えるとでも思ったのだろう。
#これは余談だが、コメントを政治家に求めるなら有馬朗人さん( 東大理物)とか不破哲三さん( 東大理物)とか菅直人さん( 東工大応物)とか志位和夫さん(東大物工)とかに聞かないのだろうか。たぶん、内容まで踏み込まれたら有馬先生以外全員困るだろうけれども。予想だと現役の大物政治家なら鳩山由紀夫さんが一番まともにコメントできるんじゃないか。さすがに無理かな。
南部先生はさらに格が上だ。
そのことは、受賞は 「大してうれしくない」とおっしゃった益川先生が「南部先生と共同」であるところには感極まって泣かれたところに如実に現れている。これがどれほどまで異常な事態なのかを少し考えてみてほしい。*2
学科の同期は以下のような趣旨のことを述べていた。
「 南部先生にノーベル賞が出せるとはノーベル賞も箔がついたなあ。」
おそらく半ば冗談でもこう口にした人はそれなりにいるのではないだろうか。
「 南部先生 ?
まあ、いつとっても不思議はなかったけれどもどうやって与えるのさー。漸近的自由性(2004)も出ちゃっているし、いまさら下手に出したら委員会、格好悪いということになるぞ。」昨日の時点で研究室ではそんな話もでていた。
南部先生 が 「実はちょっと驚いたわけですけれどもねえ」とおっしゃっているのは「私なんかが受賞していいんですか」という意味ではない。どちらかといえば「いまさらかよ」という突込み、あるいは「もうちょっとしてから別の誰か(ヒッグスあたり)と一緒にするのかと思ってた」というほうが近いだろう。
つまりだ。これは三人ともいえるが彼らはノーベル賞が来たことによって自分たちの研究が評価されたことが分かるレベルの人々ではないのだ。それどころか、ノーベル賞をとっていないことによってノーベル賞を物理学会の最高の賞と呼ぶには躊躇するよね、と思わせるほどなのである。
物理の世界での彼らの評価が受賞によってあがることはない。せいぜい社会的に有名になるだけなのである。このことが物理と無関係な多くの仕事を呼ぶであろうことを思えば、単純にうれしいと喜んでいるわけではないのではないかな、とも推測できる。
私は 「これで三年間は東大の優秀な学生がことごとく物理学科へ吸われるか」ということが頭を掠めた。陽な仕事の他にもこういう陰な仕事もなさることになるのだろう。
さて。
ここまでの前提をもって、もう一度インタビューを聞きなおしてみてほしい。
驚くほど違ったように聞こえること受けあいだ。
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/nuc/20081007/
でノーベル賞関連のエントリーが一ページでみられます。
P.S. 物理の院生の方々へ
誰か解説記事を書いてみませんか。院生くらいが一番くだけた説明が遠慮なく出来ると思うんです。
追追伸
http://d.hatena.ne.jp/DOISHIGERU/20081007、The 2008 Nobel Prize in Physics - 砂浜で遊ぶ子供、このあたりのブクマ数の少なさは驚きだ。また、南部陽一郎の講演でスヤスヤ寝ていた私がノーベル賞研究を解説する準備をはじめてみる
- Active Galactic : 11次元と自然科学と拷問的日常を期待して待っている。惹きこまれる文を書く方で以前から気になっていたので。*3
Future Hockey star , Team Canada ’s John Tavares may have scored the goal of the year .
Watch as he juggles the puck in the air , he shoots and then he scores .
Source : YouTube Videos , Yahoo.com
With all the superficial distractions like a historic vote electing the nation 's first African American president , you may have missed a really important story :
How actor Tim Robbins will do almost anything to cast his ballot .
( See photo . )
He apparently had difficulty voting in one lower Manhattan precinct on Nov. 4 because his name was n't on the voters list , so he rejected a paper ballot and called an official a " corrupt scumbag " and sued immediately to let him pull the lever anyway , which he did .
Thank goodness for Tim .
And America !
Well , as it turns out , Robbins was not on that precinct 's list of voters because Timbo is registered in another precinct .
Oh , never mind .
But now , in a clever little bit of institutional PR pointed out by our pals over at TMZ.com , New York City 's Board of Elections has asked the angry actor to help it with some public service ads .
" We also recognize and applaud that passion Mr. Robbins exhibited with regard to his election day experience , " a board announcement says .
" Therefore , to harness the passion of Mr. Robbins , and to further the purpose of the NYC BOE , we hereby extend our invitation to Mr. Robbins to join the NYC BOE to produce voter - participation service announcements . "
TMZ has the full story here .
-- Andrew Malcolm
Do n't miss a single new Ticket item .
Register here to have alerts sent to your cellphone .
Precincts do n't matter here .
State Of New Mexico Also Involved In Project
Space took a giant leap closer to Earth Friday , following the launch of a new joint venture between Rocket Racing , Inc. ( RRI ) , Armadillo Aerospace and the government of New Mexico .
With a goal of sending adventurers into suborbital space with a target price of $ 100,000 per ticket or less , the three companies unveiled plans to field a fleet of reusable Vertical Take - Off and Landing ( VTOL ) vehicles ( RLV ) that will take flight from Spaceport America near Las Cruces , NM .
Each ship is slated to provide a cabin where passengers can float weightless with a 360 - degree view of space .
To date , other companies in the commercial space industry have promised rides to similar altitudes featuring small porthole - sized views for more than $ 200,000 .
" I am honored that Rocket Racing , Inc. and Armadillo Aerospace have chosen New Mexico to set up shop , " said Governor Bill Richardson .
" Spaceport America and the State of New Mexico are proud partners and together we are writing the next chapter of space transportation . "
Under the terms of the partnership , Armadillo Aerospace will develop the reusable launch vehicles and provide ground support and equipment .
The State of New Mexico will supply launch facility infrastructure and resources .
Rocket Racing Technology Development , a wholly owned subsidiary of Rocket Racing Inc. , will provide financing for , and business and operational management of , the partnership .
Reservations , experience marketing , customer training and the coordination of the passengers ' overall experience will be managed exclusively by a third partner company that will be announced when marketing efforts begin .
" The price of space is coming down to earth , " said Granger Whitelaw , CEO of Rocket Racing , Inc .
" And thanks to Armadillo 's ships and New Mexico 's spaceport , human beings will be treated to the most stellar views in the galaxy . "
While the venture owes its wings to technologies that have spent decades in development , its launch is made possible only through their recent combination .
Armadillo 's eight years of research and development on a dozen different flying vehicles is contributing engines , software , and operational capabilities .
Meanwhile , the company 's ground and flight test programs for the Rocket Racing League over the past year has resulted in flight research data that will be applied to allow for superior vehicle tracking and passenger safety .
Beyond suborbital space tourism , Rocket Racing Inc. also plans to deploy its vehicles to serve in a variety of payload transport initiatives .
Target missions include micro-gravity experiments , astrophysics observations , reconnaissance and high - altitude scientific and meteorological measurements .
The companies plan to fly evolutions of existing vehicles to space and fabricate an initial manned vehicle prototype in 2009 and perform initial manned flights to space in 2010 .
Ruby Richards , the shelter 's manager , said : " It 's been crazy here .
People are very upset and some people have just been crying on the phone . "
Exclusive to STR
November 25 , 2008
I returned from the ' End the Fed ' rally at the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta , and zapped on the news to hear the tag end of a story on enormous nationwide protests ( about Prop 8 ) .
If 30 - word columns ever got published , it'd be tempting to leave it there , with the quick ironic reflection of an obvious key question -- just how memetically challenging is the eradication of a central bank ?
That was already an expected theme as I approached the Atlanta Fed on 11/28/08 ( End the Fed protest day ) , and ( rather unexpectedly ) started to hear demonstrators from almost two blocks away .
What would I pick , if the chant was up to me ?
' Down with artificial credit created entrepreneurial error ? '
Or maybe , ' Hey , hey , ho , ho , negative real interest rates have got to go ? '
Again , not an easy handle .
Most demonstrators went with , ' End the Fed ! ' , and sometimes optimistically , ' We Will End the Fed ! '
I asked a Campaign for Liberty coordinator what organizations were represented .
Other than Campaign for Liberty , he did n't seem too sure .
' We tend to be individualists here , ' he concluded pleasantly .
End the Fed has a website , but apparently not a formal structure .
( Restore the Republic and Campaign for Liberty appear to be providing some organization for the demonstrations . )
An End the Fed pamphlet starts out , ' The Federal Reserve Bank is the Cause of our Economic Crisis . '
Pithy , true , and getting remarkably little traction so far .
From demonstrator signs , the story emerges a little more : ' No fiat currencies ' ; ' Lawful money is only gold and silver ' ; ' No more banker bailouts . '
And a couple of my favorites : ' Irony is Andrew Jackson on a c- note ' ( I think that 's giving him a promotion , but either way it is ironic ) ; and Ben Bernanke quoted saying , ' Inflation is a tax . '
( The sign maker explained that Rep. Ron Paul got this admission from Fed Chairman Bernanke during congressional testimony . )
There 's also a sign with a picture of Bernanke and Paulson , apparently only one sign but it seems to be everywhere , which says , ' Wanted for Treason . '
( I might have found a less patriotically charged way of putting it , perhaps only , ' Wanted for first degree criminal tunnel vision , ' but I may not be asked to take charge either of a future demonstration signage team , or a Bernanke / Paulson defense team . )
Georgia End the Fed organizer Michael Frisbee talked to me for a few minutes on clearly one of his favorite topics -- Federal Reserve history .
I get a little nervous about histories of the Fed , turning squeamish if the discussion gets too Bilderbergish .
But no , just a nice conversation about history .
Another demonstrator joined to note that he'd heard that President Woodrow Wilson had expressed regret that he'd enabled the ' Creature from Jekyll Island , ' and we tried to figure out if , what , when .
( A Woodrow Wilson quote of regret over the Fed 's creation appears to be at least partly apocryphal , if I 'm understanding what I see now on Wikiquote . )
( With the next pass of the Bernanke / Paulson treason sign , someone has drawn devil horns , Hitler mustaches , and dollar signs in the eyes of the principals .
In my non-existent capacity as Future Imaginary Protest Sign Team Leader , the horns and mustaches seem a little over the top , and the dollar signs spot on . )
At a little after the 1 p.m. scheduled mid-point , I got a head count just shy of a hundred demonstrators .
Michael Frisbee does an interview with Atlanta Channel 5 .
It 's the only media I see ( I 'm told that Atlanta Channel 2 was by earlier ) .
I later looked for the piece on Channel 5 News , but never saw it .
( I did see a good place for it , right between the spot on another in the string of Georgia bank closures , and a piece about strapped consumers and economic malaise . )
Maybe End the Fed will be on the late edition ( which I intend to sleep through ) .
No presence or thoughts about local police , except once when a police car stops to tell pamphleteers to stick to the sidewalk , and once when Mr. Frisbee notices that the ubiquitous dollar - signs - in - their - eyes wanted poster of Bernanke and Paulson has now been propped under the eagle , well onto Atlanta Fed territory , and thus as Frisbee explains , demonstrationally incorrect as far as the police would be concerned .
The wanted poster is forced to retreat .
Overall though , Atlanta Police must have been unconcerned that the Fed might be literally toppled today .
A proper assessment -- the demonstrators generally seem a nice ( and in my biased opinion , smart ) bunch of people .
Ike Hall , a state coordinator for Campaign for Liberty says , ' It may not end until people look at their dollar bills and realize it 's garbage .
I just hope it 's peaceful , and nobody starves . '
Which seems like a good two sentence summary of everything Fed .
Blue footed boobies
In the Galapagos islands there are so many beautiful animals , usually not intimidated by humans .
Walking along a path you might bump into these two !
They make a nice whistling sound to each other with their long beaks .
On Wedding Design
Fancy Cabel Fancy Cabel
After the wedding , sometimes people would ask me if everything feels different or more great now that we 're married .
When I would tell people " actually , not really ! " , I could naturally sense a little bit of romantic disappointment in their faces , like I 'm the Harlequin Grinch .
But I do n't mean " not that different , yawn " — I mean " not that different , because , honestly , it 's always been great . "
[ AWWWW .
MP3 ]
My overall advice : when you know , you 'll know .
Anyway , I do n't want bore you with the personal blah blah blah .
Instead , I 'd like to talk to you about design ...
Wedding design !
( Guys ?
Guys ?
Stay with me here ! )
The Brainstorm I spent a too - long amount of time brainstorming the foundation of our design .
First , I knew I wanted to incorporate Nicole 's love of visual contrast — she who is so fond of a super - dark gray cloudy sky with a burst of a blue showing through , or a beautiful flower popping up through tired concrete .
Second , I knew that the design had to represent both of us , a little piece of each .
I know , right ?
As much as I 'd love to make a wedding invitation with photos of say , photos of the latest flavors of Sun Chips ( " You 're invited to our peppercorn - ranchuptuals ! " ) , it probably would n't play too well outside of , uh , me .
Then , two key words popped into my mind :
Pixel flowers .
Retro 8 - bit quirky and fun but elegant and beautiful and colorful .
Perfect .
I immediately remembered seeing a magazine illustration by the amazing
Save The Date
The first thing we had to tackle was the age - old " save the date " .
Due some tardiness with the art director ( sorry ! ) , we decided to do it electronically to get it out the door instantly .
Otherwise there 'd be no date to save .
Enter friend and artistic genius
The first bit David cranked out was a perfect little pixel illustration of myself and Nicole , that I hoped we could use in a variety of places throughout the project .
It went through some fun variations :
As you can see , we started off super micro ( and I looked a little bit like Gob from Arrested Development about to perform a magic trick ) , then we got super ( super ) deformed , and finally with a bit more nudging I think David nailed it with the last one — it 's cute , with just a dash of disturbing .
Just like us !
Uhh ..
Illustration in hand , it was Cabel 's turn .
A few fonts , some colors , a clean layout , and a little extra something on my t- shirt ( what is that ?
a tri-force ?
I honestly do n't know why I added it ) and it was ready to be e-mailed !
That 's it .
Simple .
To the point .
Fun .
Technical notes : I used e3 Software 's truly excellent Direct Mail application to send it out .
It 's got a great statistics view that can show you how many people opened up the message , assuming their mail reader loads images by default .
Font wise , that 's Metroscript by Alphabet Soup for the logotype , and House Industries ' Neutra 2 for the details .
I used Neutra 2 primary because I wanted to be the last person to use this font .
I love it , but I literally see it everywhere , all day long .
So , sorry , suckers !
You 're not allowed to use this font because I 'm the last guy .
I called it .
It 's done , font closed .
Use something else .
Myself included .
Do n't look at the Coda header .
The Invitation Onto the master illustration itself .
Once I fully explained what was on my mind , David quickly cranked out a sketch of the core idea : an elegant tree , with little pixel flowers on it .
I wanted to take it into more " tree " than " branch " , so I pitched the idea of having it wrap - around to the back of the invitation .
David translated this into a rough layout sketch :
I liked it !
But the tree seemed a little super - wide .
With that in mind , it was time to make it " real " .
Finally , wanting to shed the peach color and fill more space after committing to a text - free cover , we arrived here :
Awesome .
Yay , David !
It was time to start getting print - ready .
Pre -Press I had decided on using letterpress for these invitations .
It 's good for small print runs , and it's also such a visceral , physical technique .
If you ever get a chance to watch letterpress machines in action , it 's mesmerizing and also tinged with danger .
I found a great , local , and now - highly - recommended print shop —
I went through their paper samples and picked one , but ink colors were harder for me — I looked at their stock inks but none of them were quite .
It was time to bust out the Pantone book and pick three spot colors ( for an extra charge , naturally ) .
For the record , it 's Pantone 510U , 5225U , and 5205U !
Then I re-formulated the art to fit the correct paper size , drawing an extra branch here and a flower there .
I was done .
It was printin ' time .
Finished Product
The invitations were now ready to go .
I love the texture , rough print , and embossed feel of letterpress .
It made the " physical " nature of this job even more fulfilling .
There was one final surprise on the finished piece .
Since letterpress creates an actual physical impression in the paper when it stamps the ink , I thought it would be interesting to do one letterpress plate without ink — our pixel selves , subtly debossed on the inside .
As a bonus , since the impression runs deep , we 're also embossed on the outside , and it 's carefully aligned so that it looks like we 're standing under the tree .
Sort -of .
That 's it !
Here are scans of the finished piece :
Custom Stamps
One last stop before the postal office : custom stamps .
We decided to use zazzle.com for this — as should be glaringly obvious .
The giant zazzle advertisement ( zazzvertisement ? ) on every stamp was a huge negative , but a high - quality pixel stamp was hard to pass up .
The Event This fell into Nicole territory — I did the print , she did the space .
But I thought she did a really stunning job designing the venue — the colors , the flowers , the details , everything kept the original idea flowing through to something physical , gussying up an industrial warehouse - style bar / venue with beautiful elegance .
It was , as they say , like a dream .
I 'll let these photos speak for themselves !
Yes .
It 's true .
That is a pixel flower cake .
Making that happen ?
High point of my life so far .
Confidential to those getting married in Portland : the amazing cake came from Bakery Bar , the gorgeous flowers by Francoise Weeks , stunning - to - everyone photography by Robert McNary , and the venue was the accommodating and incredible Holocene .
Oh , and my suit ?
100 % Duchess .
The Photobooth A quick wedding recommendation : for some really fantastic , non-cheesy photographic memories of your guests , look for a local distributor of good old fashioned photo booths .
None of this fancy - pants digital stuff — we 're talking a green , incandescent bulb that says " smile " , little strips of paper sent by an ancient motor into various vats of chemicals , dropped into your hands still wet , a cool little honeycomb texture running through the paper and an ever - so - slight sepia tone .
These are the real memories , four classic frames at a time .
The Gifts As a " thank you " gift to the wedding party , we decided to get some laser - etched Moleskines made .
( Can you tell I enjoyed this project ? )
I sent the art to Joe at
The Ring
The very , very last step in the process : my wedding ring .
A gift from Nicole , it holds a secret inside : a tiny pixel flower .
You 'll never see it , but I 'll always know it 's there .
Finally , Something Cool From Noby
A little bit before the wedding , a special gift arrived from Japan : custom - made chocolates with our little pixel selves printed on the package .
These
Phew
The rest was a blur .
My great friends Alex and
People ate many foods , drank many things , hugged a lot , saw goofy old pictures of both of us in an amazing slideshow my folks put together , danced like crazy to an amazing mix from the
This was a great day .
And in the end , before we knew it , it was time to close the place out and hop in the car , slightly melancholy that possibly the greatest party of our lives was over but more than slightly excited that the rest of everything was starting right then and there , in the middle of the automatic car - wash at the 76 station , in the early hours of the next day , as a shaving - cream " cabel + nicole " was washed off the hood but , really , will always be there .
Totally married .
Totally awesome .
So , exactly four months ago , I totally got married .
This has been a completely great thing , and I highly recommend it .
You know , when you 're ready .
After the wedding , sometimes people would ask me if everything feels different or more great now that we 're married .
When I would tell people " actually , not really ! " , I could naturally sense a little bit of romantic disappointment in their faces , like I 'm the Harlequin Grinch .
But I do n't mean " not that different , yawn " — I mean " not that different , because , honestly , it 's always been great . "
[ AWWWW .
MP3 ]
My overall advice : when you know , you 'll know .
Anyway , I do n't want bore you with the personal blah blah blah .
Instead , I 'd like to talk to you about design ... Wedding design !
( Guys ?
Guys ?
Stay with me here ! ) I spent a too - long amount of time brainstorming the foundation of our design .
First , I knew I wanted to incorporate Nicole 's love of visual contrast — she who is so fond of a super - dark gray cloudy sky with a burst of a blue showing through , or a beautiful flower popping up through tired concrete .
Second , I knew that the design had to represent both of us , a little piece of each .
I know , right ?
As much as I 'd love to make a wedding invitation with photos of say , photos of the latest flavors of Sun Chips ( " You 're invited to our peppercorn - ranchuptuals ! " ) , it probably would n't play too well outside of , uh , me .
Then , two key words popped into my mind : Retro 8 - bit quirky and fun but elegant and beautiful and colorful .
Perfect .
I immediately remembered seeing a magazine illustration by the amazing Nick Dewar of pixelated blossoms somewhere once .
With Nick 's illustration serving as mental inspiration ( thank you , Nick ! ) , it was time to get cracking .
The first thing we had to tackle was the age - old " save the date " .
Due some tardiness with the art director ( sorry ! ) , we decided to do it electronically to get it out the door instantly .
Otherwise there 'd be no date to save .
Enter friend and artistic genius David Lanham , out of the Coda icon .
He graciously found time to to lend his illustrative talents to this project .
The first bit David cranked out was a perfect little pixel illustration of myself and Nicole , that I hoped we could use in a variety of places throughout the project .
It went through some fun variations :
As you can see , we started off super micro ( and I looked a little bit like Gob from Arrested Development about to perform a magic trick ) , then we got super ( super ) deformed , and finally with a bit more nudging I think David nailed it with the last one — it 's cute , with just aof disturbing .
Just like us !
Uhh ..Illustration in hand , it was Cabel 's turn .
A few fonts , some colors , a clean layout , and a little extra something on my t- shirt ( what is that ?
a tri-force ?
I honestly do n't know why I added it ) and it was ready to be e-mailed !
That 's it .
Simple .
To the point .
Fun .
Onto the master illustration itself .
Once I fully explained what was on my mind , David quickly cranked out a sketch of the core idea : an elegant tree , with little pixel flowers on it .
I wanted to take it into more " tree " than " branch " , so I pitched the idea of having it wrap - around to the back of the invitation .
David translated this into a rough layout sketch : I liked it !
But the tree seemed a little super - wide .
With that in mind , it was time to make it " real " .
Finally , wanting to shed the peach color and fill more space after committing to a text - free cover , we arrived here : Awesome .
Yay , David !
It was time to start getting print - ready .
I had decided on using letterpress for these invitations .
It 's good for small print runs , and it's also such a visceral , physical technique .
If you ever get a chance to watch letterpress machines in action , it 's mesmerizing and also tinged with danger .
I found a great , local , and now - highly - recommended print shop — Egg Press — who were happy to tackle the job .
I went through their paper samples and picked one , but ink colors were harder for me — I looked at their stock inks but none of them were .
It was time to bust out the Pantone book and pick three spot colors ( for an extra charge , naturally ) .
For the record , it 's Pantone 510U , 5225U , and 5205U !
Then I re-formulated the art to fit the correct paper size , drawing an extra branch here and a flower there .
I was done .
It was printin ' time .
The invitations were now ready to go .
I love the texture , rough print , and embossed feel of letterpress .
It made the " physical " nature of this job even more fulfilling .
There was one final surprise on the finished piece .
Since letterpress creates an actual physical impression in the paper when it stamps the ink , I thought it would be interesting to do one letterpress plate — our pixel selves , subtly debossed on the inside .
As a bonus , since the impression runs deep , we 're also embossed on the outside , and it 's carefully aligned so that it looks like we 're standing under the tree .
Sort - of .
That 's it !
Here are scans of the finished piece :
One last stop before the postal office : custom stamps .
We decided to use zazzle.com for this — as should be glaringly obvious .
The giant zazzle advertisement ( zazzvertisement ? ) on every stamp was a huge negative , but a high - quality pixel stamp was hard to pass up .
This fell into Nicole territory — I did the print , she did the space .
But I thought she did a really stunning job designing the venue — the colors , the flowers , the details , everything kept the original idea flowing through to something physical , gussying up an industrial warehouse - style bar / venue with beautiful elegance .
It was , as they say , like a dream .
I 'll let these photos speak for themselves !
Yes .
It 's true .
Making that happen ?
High point of my life so far .
A quick wedding recommendation : for some really fantastic , non-cheesy photographic memories of your guests , look for a local distributor of good old fashioned photo booths .
None of this fancy - pants digital stuff — we 're talking a green , incandescent bulb that says " smile " , little strips of paper sent by an ancient motor into various vats of chemicals , dropped into your hands still wet , a cool little honeycomb texture running through the paper and an ever - so - slight sepia tone .
These are the real memories , four classic frames at a time .
As a " thank you " gift to the wedding party , we decided to get some laser - etched Moleskines made .
( Can you tell I enjoyed this project ? )
I sent the art to Joe at Engrave Your Tech , who happened to be here in PDX , and the books were made super - quick .
He also let me individualize each book with the person 's name on the spine .
They turned out amazing .
( Sadly , it looks like Joe 's not engraving them anymore ( yipes ! ) , but I bet he 'll come up with something even better . )
The very , very last step in the process : my wedding ring .
A gift from Nicole , it holds a secret inside : a tiny pixel flower .
You 'll never see it , but I 'll always know it 's there .
A little bit before the wedding , a special gift arrived from Japan : custom - made chocolates with our little pixel selves printed on the package .
These DECOチョコ ( deco- choco ) treats came from Noby , one half of Panic Japan .
Talk about hitting your target audience — I was amazed .
Let this be the best snack food picture I will ever post on this blog !
The rest was a blur .
My great friends Alex and Steve gave killer best - man speeches : embarrassing ( there 's no shortage of Cabel stories ) but also very heartwarming .
( Also , Steve delivered this great line : " If you asked me to describe the business relationship between Cabel and I , in Star Wars terms , I would say he is like the R2 - D2 to my C3PO .
He rolls around , interfacing with computers , solving problems , and making strange beeping noises , while I flap my arms helplessly , and shout ' We 're doomed ! ' " )
People ate many foods , drank many things , hugged a lot , saw goofy old pictures of both of us in an amazing slideshow my folks put together , danced like crazy to an amazing mix from the Juice Team on a tiny stage with the people I love , and talked to friends both old and new .
And there was delicious cake .
So much cake .
This was a great day .
And in the end , before we knew it , it was time to close the place out and hop in the car , slightly melancholy that possibly the greatest party of our lives was over but more than slightly excited that the rest of everything was starting right then and there , in the middle of the automatic car - wash at the 76 station , in the early hours of the next day , as a shaving - cream " cabel + nicole " was washed off the hood but , really , will always be there .
Totally married .
Totally awesome .
© 2009 Cabel Sasser
“ Haunted ” takes the form of 23 short stories , each introduced by a poem identifying the purported writer of the story that then follows .
These are linked by short pieces of narrative .
Although superficially it might appear to be a fix - up ( a collection of individual stories welded together in an attempt to make them seem like a novel ) , in fact the stories in this case are the novel .
At least one of the stories can be seen as a stand - alone work , but none the less this is a unitary novel of exceptional originality .
, author of nine novels , is popular with Hollywood filmmakers .
His books “ ” and “ ” have been turned into movies , while “ ” and “ ” are in development .
Another Chuck Palahniuk book is set for the big screen treatment .
According to Variety , New School Media has optioned the rights to Pahlaniuk ’s 2005 novel , “ . ” Koen Mortier will adapt the novel and direct .
The novel centers on a group of writers who gather for a writers retreat , only to be locked in a dungy old theater and as the characters start to die off , the survivors all vie to be the last one standing .
Craig Robinson did a walk - through backstage to make sure he had the path down at Denver 's Pepsi Center to introduce his sister , Michelle Obama , to the nation .
Before he was ready to go out , he had to make sure his tie was straight .
So , of course , he sought out Michelle .
When he came out of the locker room , the tie was obvious : a bright orange against a dark black suit .
" Those Oregon State colors ? " an ESPN.com reporter asked backstage .
" What do you think ? " said Robinson , laughing as he walked out to introduce his sister on Aug. 25 to open the Democratic National Convention two days before his brother - in - law , Illinois Sen.
Barack Obama , would officially receive the Democratic nomination for president .
Back in Corvallis , Ore. , and in Santa Barbara , Calif . and plenty of other places with Oregon State connections , players and recruits were awaiting Robinson 's speech .
He had sent out a mass e-mail message that he was going to be on national television , on every major network and cable outlet , on prime time .
" I got the text , " Roberto Nelson said referring to Robinson 's e-mail .
Nelson , a combo guard from Santa Barbara High and one of the top recruits in California , committed to the Beavers shortly after the convention .
" I watched it .
It was powerful . "
Robinson did n't know how he was going to give a shout out to Oregon State .
He reacted on impulse once he heard some people chanting his last name .
He looked up toward the Oregon delegates and then just reacted .
" Today , I 'm proud to be the coach of the Oregon State men 's basketball team .
Go Beavers , " Robinson said to the crowd , to the nation , to his current and future players .
Craig Robinson hugs Michelle Obama on Aug. 25 at the Democratic National Convention , where he introduced his sister .
Courtesy of the Robinson family
" It was like it really put us on the map again ; he wore an Oregon State tie , also , and brought us attention , " said Oregon State junior guard Seth Tarver , one of 10 returning players who participated in the Beavers ' historic 0 - 18 Pac - 10 season in 2007 - 08 under Jay John and interim coach Kevin Mouton , who replaced the fired John a third of the way through the Pac - 10 season .
" A year ago , we would walk on campus and everyone knows you have n't won a game ; the only things people say about you is bad , really , " Tarver said of the 2007 - 08 Beavers , who went 6 - 25 overall .
Sitting at home on his couch in Corvallis on Aug. 25 , the man who took a chance on hiring Robinson from the Ivy League -- the man who really had nothing to lose after Randy Bennett of Saint Mary 's and Bill Grier of San Diego turned down what is currently the Pac - 10's worst job -- waited for his gamble to pay off nationally .
" All of a sudden , kind of out of the blue , comes this ' Oregon State , Go Beavs , ' " said athletic director Bob De Carolis , who resembles actor Bob Hoskins in his looks and spirited manner .
" And I jumped off the couch and gave a fist pump and went ' Yes !
This is awesome ! ' "
De Carolis added , " At the end of the day , he still has to coach some games .
We hired him as a coach , not a politician . "
When Robinson went backstage after the speech , he said he had never been so nervous before , mainly because he had to read from a teleprompter .
But he was n't about to give up his coaching gig for the cutthroat world of politics .
" I like coaching basketball , " said Robinson , a two - time Ivy League player of the year at Princeton in the 1980s who , after a brief professional career in England , worked as a lucrative bond trader in Chicago before giving that up to be an assistant coach at Northwestern in 2000 .
" I 'd much rather be in the gym having practice and talking hoops . "
Throughout the week in Denver , Robinson was put on the rock - star - status plane because of his speech .
Wherever he went , he was approached .
He had a body guard , a press liaison assigned to him for the week and adulation that he never received coaching at a school in the Ivy League , where professors get more pub than coaches .
The attention Robinson has received since he was hired in April is hard to even measure .
Hiring Bennett , Grier or even Portland State 's Ken Bone , a seemingly natural candidate who had taken the Vikings from the Big Sky Conference to their first NCAA tournament appearance , would have made sense from a basketball perspective .
But the fact is that Oregon State would n't have differentiated itself in the offseason -- not this offseason , not with this election dominating the headlines every day for the past six months .
De Carolis was n't thinking about looking to Brown after looking for other candidates in the West , even talking to former Stanford and Golden State Warriors coach Mike Montgomery before he took the Cal job .
But he heard from Rick Giles , who represents Robinson and runs a number of nonconference tournaments such as the CVC and CBE Classics .
Giles , who went to Princeton with Robinson , is now Robinson 's agent and pushed him when he was an assistant at Northwestern to get the Brown job two years ago .
De Carolis said he would give Robinson another look .
After talking to him for hours at the Final Four in San Antonio , De Carolis wanted to fly Robinson out to Oregon .
After interviewing Robinson on campus , De Carolis spoke with Oregon State president Edward Ray .
" Bob says , ' There 's one more thing . '
I say , ' What 's that ? ' "
Ray recalled .
" He says , ' Well , he 's Barack Obama 's brother - in - law . '
And I said , ' You know what , if he does n't win some basketball games , nobody is going to give a damn who his brother - in - law is . "
De Carolis hired Robinson .
Coincidentally , it took place a month before the Oregon primary , something Sen .
Obama noted in jest when the two made a joint campaign stop in Albany , Ore. , and Eugene , Ore. , in May .
" I want to thank my brother - in - law , who had the foresight to move to Oregon right before , right before the primary , " Obama said at the rally in Albany .
Robinson had listed Obama as a reference , but De Carolis said he did n't think he could have reached him by phone .
" I would 've told them you can't do better , " Obama said during a interview with ESPN.com in Dunn , N.C. , last week .
" It 's all upside .
He just has good character , and I think he communicates with his players the need for character . "
Prior to Robinson 's speech in Denver , his mother , Marian Robinson , said she always told her son to step outside his comfort zone .
" This [ speech ] is a piece of cake .
I just hope the basketball season goes well , " Marian Robinson said .
" He 's a hard worker .
I feel bad for the team .
They should have an idea when they hired him , but he 's going to make them work hard .
I felt sorry for the Brown kids . "
Michelle Obama , sitting down with ESPN.com in Allentown , Pa. , in late September , said she understood that her brother could n't turn down Oregon State .
" They did n't win a game [ in the Pac - 10 ] , and some people would look at that and go , ' Wow , I 'll be inheriting a real challenge , ' " said Michelle Obama .
" Craig sees it as a real opportunity .
His view was : I really can start from scratch ; I can build a program because the only place to go is up . "
Robinson was under strict guidelines set forth by Ray that as a state employee he can campaign only on his time , not the state's .
" ... I think ultimately what 's going to make Craig a great coach has very little to do with this [ election ] and it has everything to do with who he is as a man .
He is somebody you would want your kids to know , the kind of role model you would want your kids to be touched by at some point in their life , and I think that becomes clear the minute you talk to him .
-- Michelle Obama
Robinson is proving he 's not a political gimmick .
During individual workouts before the start of practice in mid-October , the rules for the Beavers ' players changed dramatically :
No hats , no earrings , and early - morning workouts and subsequent practices would begin at 5:30 a.m.
Robinson said he learned to get an early start to the day when he worked as a bond trader .
" Our work ethic has changed a whole lot , " Oregon State sophomore Omari Johnson said .
" The outlook of the offense and the team is different .
We 've been working harder in the weight room , running more and doing a lot more on the court . "
Robinson 's success last season at Brown ( winning 19 games and earning a postseason berth in the Collegiate Basketball Invitational ) was rare for the Bears .
He runs a hybrid of the Princeton offense , in which his guards will get plenty of shots .
Brown's top two guards last season , Damon Huffman and Mark McAndrew , took 338 3 - pointers , shooting 43.8 percent .
The rest of the team took 218 3s .
Junior guard Josh Tarver said last season 's experience was " something you do n't want to go through , it 's like the worst experience you know . "
Seeing Robinson in the national spotlight has helped reinforce his persona to his players .
Josh Tarver said every time he turns on the television and sees Obama , he makes a connection to Robinson .
Knowing that attention to the Beavers could be forthcoming -- it has already arrived to some extent -- has these players taking themselves even more seriously .
Robinson has made it clear that he wo n't tolerate any wrongdoing .
He said the nation wo n't be focusing on Oregon State basketball , but he does n't want to grab any negative headlines with troubled players or NCAA violations , especially if Obama were to win the presidency .
Robinson took a chance on guard Dwain Williams , who transferred from Providence but could n't get eligible .
With the commitment of Nelson , Williams is now gone .
The intention now is to focus on this squad and on the recruiting that is already paying dividends .
" I 've got to believe Craig will have the opportunity to talk to young men and families he would n't have had very easy access to , " Ray said of Robinson 's connection to the Obamas .
" But he 's got to seal the deal .
He 's got to convince them once you get past the gloss , that there 's substance there and there 's somebody who 's going to help my son be successful in life . "
So far , the Beavers have a solid recruiting class for a team that did n't win a conference game last season .
In addition to Nelson , Robinson 's goals of going into Los Angeles and getting someone from his hometown of Chicago are being met .
The Beavers have a commitment from West Valley ( Calif . )
High 's Joe Burton , who at 6 - foot - 8 is considered a legit big man once he gets his weight under control ( 290 ) , and Whitney Young ( Chicago ) guard Ahmad Starks .
Michelle Obama attended Whitney Young .
" I think the notoriety of this campaign makes him [ Robinson ] more accessible ; people look at him and say , ' Wow , that guy sounds interesting , ' " Michelle Obama said .
" But I think ultimately what 's going to make Craig a great coach has very little to do with this [ election ] and it has everything to do with who he is as a man .
He is somebody you would want your kids to know , the kind of role model you would want your kids to be touched by at some point in their life , and I think that becomes clear the minute you talk to him . "
Barack Obama put it in basketball terms .
" If I 'm a parent and I 'm thinking about where I 'm going to send my kid to college , obviously if you 've got extraordinary talent you might want to look at North Carolina , UCLA or Duke , " Barack Obama said .
" If you 're not recruited by the top - 10 programs , where do you want to send your kid ?
You want to send your kid to a place where you know the coach is going to treat him with honesty , respect , hard work , persistence , who values academic achievement .
" Those are the qualities I think Craig is going to bring to this program .
It will not only be good for the kids he recruits but the program as a whole .
I think teams with good character end up playing better . "
De Carolis said he hired Robinson because he brought something different -- a disciplined , Ivy League style -- and because he was from both the East and Midwest .
De Carolis said the Beavers compare themselves to Washington State , which has emerged in a league dominated for so long by UCLA and Arizona .
" What we have to do is change the culture from a losing culture to a winning culture , " Robinson said .
" Hopefully , we 're laying the ground work for that and that will lead to winning games . "
Barack Obama , right , signed this photo of him playing with Robinson , second from left : " To Craig -- A brother - in - law who always leads the team ! "
Courtesy of the Robinson family
Certainly , the look of Oregon State is improving -- literally .
Gill Coliseum is getting a makeover .
It needed an extreme one but it 's going through patchwork plastic surgery first .
John had the benefit of a new locker - room area with a video room .
Now Robinson is getting brand new offices , an office that was originally slated for De Carolis .
De Carolis is now in a trailer after giving up his original office to the baseball coach after a second national championship .
( It may be no wonder why De Carolis is candidate for the Indiana athletic director job since he 's such a coach 's AD .
Tom Crean would love this kind of AD who is willing to give up his nicer digs for a coach . )
The outside of Gill is next and then the concourse , which is currently displaying soiled , gray carpeted walls .
The Gill floor and seating are cozy and just fine for the Pac - 10 .
A new video scoreboard is on the horizon .
The 10,400 seats are probably just right for a program and city of this size .
People in the community are hungry for a winner .
Oregon State has plenty of basketball history under Ralph Miller , who took the Beavers to the NCAAs eight times between 1975 and 1989 , including an Elite Eight appearance in 1982 ( which was later vacated by the NCAA ) .
But Oregon State 's last NCAA appearance was under Jim Anderson in 1990 .
" Certainly there are more people who know about Craig Robinson -- who know about Oregon State -- because of Barack and Michelle Obama , and I understand that , " Robinson said .
" I hope that 's the case for the next eight years , if not longer .
I do have the ability to make good use of that , and that 's what we 're trying to do . "
Robinson is a realist .
He said elite recruits are n't going to choose Oregon State for a chance they could meet the president of the United States if Obama were to win .
Robinson is planning a trip to play games in Washington , D.C. ( John had coincidentally scheduled OSU at Howard to open this season on Nov. 14 ) .
" If we can put the White House on the schedule , the capital , then I 'd do it because I 'd want to make it an educational road trip , too , " Robinson said .
" If they get the chance to meet Barack , then I 'd love to facilitate that , too . "
De Carolis said a trip to the White House would be a great opportunity for the institution .
" We 're going to take advantage of whatever this means , " De Carolis said .
" There 's a little East Coast bias out there , but I think this will help us in the long run , absolutely . "
Under NCAA rules , Obama is n't allowed to make recruiting calls on the Beavers ' behalf .
He probably would be too busy as president , and likely would be too busy even if he returned to the Senate .
But the hope is that Robinson does n't need to lean on his brother - in - law for any aid to win from this point forward .
Nelson said he liked Robinson before he knew he was Barack Obama 's brother - in - law and that he made his decision based on the type of person Robinson was , not his relatives .
In the end , Robinson said , it is he who has to deliver on the recruiting trail and on the court .
" I know there were guys who passed this job up for whatever reasons , " Robinson said .
" I just hope that they were all the wrong reasons .
I think this is an opportunity to do something special here . "
Andy Katz is a senior writer at ESPN.com .
Full text is unavailable for this digitized archive article .
Subscribers may view the full text of this article in its original form through TimesMachine .
The experience of Sweden , the only country to stabilize its economy successfully during the world economic depression of the thirties , is that fixing interest rates that discourage saving and allowing wage rates to reduce profits may prolong or intensify unemployment , Dr. Bertil Ohlin declared last night .
View Full Article in Timesmachine »
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : South Anchorage
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
If this interests you , and it should because ITS FREE , you will need to call and schedule to come by and pick it up .
Please remember , I am not a business as it is hard to make a living giving things away .
Please call and let me know when you will be there as I have other things to do .
I will not guarantee anything except you have your work cut out for you .
I will not deliver it , save it , paint it , or take photos of it for you until it is on your trailer .... again ... ITS FREE .
Please call me if you want it .
[ DELETED ] Coleman 411 – 5 Person tubHas CoverPumps , heater , etc did workAir injector pump has been disconnected
The rest is a foam filled crap shoot
Her role at the Dolphinarium is a far cry from the behaviour of her wild counterparts , which spend most of their lives on sea ice in seeking out molluscs to eat .
Georgia Fowler See Through at the Elie Saab Fashion …
Owners of the Xbox 360 version of Team Fortress 2 will be scarfing down sandviches and delivering payloads later this year , as Valve is finally bringing all the updates delivered via Steam to the Xbox Live Marketplace .
That means new , class - specific Achievements , new unlockable weapons for the Pyro , Medic and Heavy , new gameplay modes and new maps , all on your Xbox 360 .
Valve marketing director Doug Lombardi got that piece of business out of the way just before our latest Left 4 Dead demo , saying that the developer wanted to build up a massive update for Xbox 360 users before delivering .
Given that Valve is being forced to charge for the update , they wanted to ensure that 360 owners were getting their money 's worth .
So , how much ?
The price is n't final , but Valve is hoping to go as low as possible , aiming for a ten dollar price tag .
Not too shabby .
Sorry , PS3 owners , no word on when or if Valve will be giving you the same Team Fortress 2 updates .
Advertisement
Enlarge Sony Pictures License to thrill again : Daniel Craig and Gemma Arterton in Quantum of Solace .
While the prestige pictures profess class , other movies will be collecting most of the cash .
Fun tends to out - gross art at the box office , so USA TODAY takes a look at the most promising populist fare .
Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa / Nov. 7
Why we 're watching :
Our favorite talking zoo animals are always good for a family outing .
This time around , the animals ( voiced by Ben Stiller , David Schwimmer and Chris Rock , among others ) try to leave Madagascar , only to find themselves in Africa — and struggling to segue from zoo life to wildlife .
MOVIE SEASON DRAMA : The Oscar race is all over the place PRESTIGE FILMS : Cinema gets serious , hopes for Oscar Role Models / Nov. 7
Why we 're watching : Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott as partying , womanizing youth mentors is funny enough , but 12 - year - old Bobb'e J. Thompson 's turn as a foul - mouthed kid could upstage them both — and make it the Superbad of the season .
Quantum of Solace / Nov. 14
Why we 're watching : James
Bond has always been a tad predictable , but it looks as if this installment is going to shake , not stir , things up .
Gone are the catchphrases ( including " Bond , James Bond " ) as Daniel Craig 's 007 takes a cue from Jason Bourne in his pursuit of the man behind the death of the woman he loved .
Twilight / Nov. 21
Why we 're watching :
The holidays are already special for fans of this wildly popular book series by Stephenie Meyer about young vampires in love .
Kristen Stewart plays Bella Swan , the teen who falls in love with Edward Cullen ( Robert Pattinson ) , a hunk who has it all : athleticism , good night vision , youth — he has n't aged since 1918 .
Four Christmases / Nov. 26
Why we 're watching : Because about the only thing better than getting together with relatives over the holiday season is escaping them .
And this story of a couple ( Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon ) cornered into having four Christmases also has a boffo supporting cast that includes Robert Duvall and Sissy Spacek .
The Day the Earth Stood Still / Dec. 12
Why we 're watching : Sci -fi remakes can be a mixed bag , but if this retelling of the 1951 classic about an alien who visits Earth with his robot pal can re-create some of the magic Steven Spielberg did with War of the Worlds , then star Keanu Reeves and Jennifer Connelly will help keep box - office grosses from standing still .
The Tale of Despereaux / Dec. 19
Why we 're watching :
This children 's book adaptation about three unlikely heroes — a misfit mouse who loves books as much as cheese , a rat who yearns for the great outdoors , and a bumbling servant girl with cauliflower ears — might seem a tad too esoteric for a family cartoon .
But so did Ratatouille , and that has become a classic .
Yes Man / Dec. 19
Why we 're watching :
Any time Jim Carrey can't keep his trap shut ( Liar Liar ; Me , Myself & Irene ) , it usually brings out the best in the frenetic comedian .
So this story of a social dud who decides to say " yes " to everything could be right up his alley .
Bedtime Stories / Dec. 25
Why we 're watching :
Whenit comes to cinematic gravitas , it does n't get much lighter than Adam Sandler .
This story about a hotel handyman whose lavish bedtime stories come to life should be a break from fall 's heavy movies — particularly with a supporting cast that includes Keri Russell , Guy Pearce and Courteney Cox .
Marley & Me / Dec. 25
Why we 're watching : Because it 's overflowing with cute , from stars Jennifer Aniston and Owen Wilson to the nine Labrador retrievers who play the naughty and neurotic dog .
If The Devil Wears Prada director David Frankel can capture any of the magic of John Grogan 's book , moviegoers may want to bring more than a few tissues .
The Spirit / Dec. 25
Why we 're watching : Comic - book movies ruled the summer , so why not the yuletide season as well ?
Gabriel Macht is rookie cop Denny Colt , who returns from the beyond as The Spirit , a New York crime fighter who tackles New York City 's meanest .
Scarlett Johansson and Samuel L. Jackson also star .
Valkyrie / Dec. 26
Why we 're watching : Sure , this Tom Cruise World War II story has had re-shoots , release date changes and a marketing overhaul .
( MGM has been asking the media to take it out of Oscar consideration . )
But Cruise and director Bryan Singer make a tantalizing combination in this story of the final plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
DIGG THIS
It ’s 2:00 AM .
You are aroused from your slumber by the sound of someone ’s pounding on your front door .
You stumble to the door and open it to find three men in expensive , pin-striped suits who haul you off to a warehouse and , under the threat of " sleeping with the fishes , " force you to fork over thousands of dollars to purchase food , clothing , medicine , and other necessities that they promise to donate to the less fortunate — although at that moment you wonder if anyone could possibly be less fortunate than you .
The thugs then return you to your humble abode , warning you that they will return to " help " you engage in further " charity " in the future .
The next night , at about the same time , you are again awakened by knocking on the door .
This time you find three men in cheap blue vests who march you off to Wal - Mart and force you to purchase food , clothing , medicine , and other items that you need .
They then return you home along with your purchases and promise to return to " help " you obtain necessities in the future .
Question :
Which of these acts is a crime ?
The answer , of course , is that they both are criminal acts .
In both cases you were forced to give up your property , which is to say , a theft occurred .
That in one case the result was to provide for the poor and in the other the result was to provide for you is entirely irrelevant .
You were coerced into handing over your rightful possessions against your wishes , and no amount of good intentions on the part of the coercer can alter that .
Now let us stipulate that those interrupting your blissful nocturnal rest are government agents .
Threatening you with fines and imprisonment for failing to cooperate , they take 50 percent of your income , promising to spend it first to assist the poor and second to provide you with necessities such as roads , bridges , schools , police protection , and defense against foreign invasion .
Is there any difference between this scenario and the ones I originally proposed ?
If you ’re like most people , you almost instinctively believe there is some difference , but you ca n’t quite put it into words .
Conservatives and libertarians can generally agree that wealth - transfer programs , even when allegedly undertaken to help the less fortunate , are morally wrong — legalized theft , as it were .
Liberals , while likely disagreeing with this line of reasoning — unless the wealth is being transferred from the poor to the rich — can at least understand it and may even argue that while it ’s a small wrong to rob Peter to pay Paul , the " greater good " provided to Paul outweighs the offense committed against Peter .
But what of the case in which the state is providing genuine necessities , so that Peter is being robbed but getting something he needs in return ?
Is n’t that a different matter entirely ?
As most would have it , it ’s not theft then but merely " the price we pay for civilization . "
Peter is not being stripped of his possessions so much as being asked to pay his " fair share , " much as a group of friends might divide a restaurant tab evenly among themselves .
It ’s not as if his money is just being transferred to someone else with no benefit to Peter .
This is , of course , the direct analogy to my second scenario , in which the blue - vested thugs forced you to purchase all your necessities at Wal - Mart regardless of your desires .
Perhaps you did need that loaf of bread they foisted upon you ; but maybe you did n’t want that particular brand , or did n’t like the price , or just plain hate Wal - Mart .
Even if you love Wal - Mart and wanted that brand at that price , you ’d still resent being strong - armed into buying it .
( At least Wal - Mart would let you return it and get your money back if you did n’t want it , which is more than can be said for the state . )
If it ’s theft for private individuals to force people to buy particular goods from particular suppliers , is n’t it also theft for government officials to do the same ?
Arguing that the goods the government forces us to buy are necessities which the market cannot supply — a seeming truism mostly because the government outlaws or greatly impedes any serious competitors — is begging the question .
Joe ’s
Paving can’t build a private road to my house and then charge me for it if I have n’t agreed to it in advance , nor can Barney Fife Security post a guard on my property at my expense without my consent .
Why , then , should the government be able to build roads and operate police departments and then bill me for the cost of doing so without my specifically having agreed to each charge ?
The burden of proof lies with those who favor any state whatsoever to demonstrate that an institution whose very existence is predicated on larceny ought to be permitted to exist and to command our willing obedience and respect .
We have no respect for private gangsters , though we sometimes obey them out of fear .
We ought to have no respect for public gangsters either , and we certainly should not pretend that we are obeying them out of any loftier sentiment than fear for our own safety .
I can already hear the next question from the statists , in response to which I quote the magnificent Joseph Sobran : " u2018 But what would you replace the state with ? ’
The question reveals an inability to imagine human society without the state .
Yet it would seem that an institution that can take 200,000,000 lives within a century hardly needs to be u2018replaced . ’"
Would you replace La Cosa Nostra if it suddenly ceased to exist ?
Theft is still theft even when the government sanctions it and even when its proceeds are put to supposedly beneficent uses , be they " necessities " for those robbed or " charity " for others .
Every theft results in a diminution of freedom , for no one knows to what ends those resources might have been put had they been left in the possession of their rightful owners .
Taxation , with or without representation , is merely robbery under an assumed name .
Indeed , as John Marshall wrote , " the power to tax involves the power to destroy . "
It is long past time to put an end to the state , the one institution dedicated to our destruction .
The Best of Michael Tennant
Speaking to troops in Camp Bastion , in Musa Qala , Mr Brown said : " It is a terrible commentary on the Taliban that they should use a 13 - year - old child to be a suicide bomber to kill some of our British troops .
These men will never be forgotten for what they have achieved on behalf of our country . "
September 14 , 2007 -
This is a test of the news and announcement widget .
This is only a test .
BEEEEEEEEP .
They ’re trying to detect anomalies :
If you have ever wondered how security guards can possibly keep an unfailingly vigilant watch on every single one of dozens of television monitors , each depicting a different scene , the answer seems to be ( as you suspected ) : they can’t .
Instead , they can now rely on computers to constantly analyze the patterns , sizes , speeds , angles and motion picked up by the camera and determine — based on how they have been programmed — whether this constitutes a possible threat .
In which case , the computer alerts the security guard whose own eyes may have been momentarily diverted .
Or shut .
An alarm can be raised , for instance , if the computer discerns a vehicle that has been standing still for too long ( say , a van in the drop - off lane of an airport terminal ) or a person who is loitering while everyone else is in motion .
By the same token , it will spot the individual who is moving rapidly while everyone else is shuffling along .
It can spot a package that has been left behind and identify which figure in the crowd abandoned it .
Or pinpoint the individual who is moving the wrong way down a one - way corridor .
Because one person ’s “ abnormal situation ” is another person ’s “ hot dog vendor attracting a small crowd , ” the computers can be programmed to discern between times of the day and days of the week .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The Israeli military has said it will try by court martial a number of soldiers in connection with the abuse of a blindfolded Palestinian man .
The video , broadcast by Israeli TV after being posted on YouTube , shows the man kneeling near a barrier being forced to repeat crude Hebrew phrases .
The military has condemned the behaviour , which it says goes against its core values and high standards .
Palestinians say contact with troops lead to insults and sometimes violence .
The Israeli Defence Force ( IDF ) launched an inquiry into the incident after it was broadcast last Thursday evening .
" The inquiry regarding the issue is in its final stages , and it has been found that the event occurred 15 months ago in the area of the Gaza Strip , " said an IDF statement , quoted by AFP news agency .
Laughing and jeering
The video shows a bearded Palestinian detainee , blindfolded , and apparently kneeling close to a high concrete barrier .
He is seen repeating phases , some of which refer to the elite Golani infantry brigade .
Others are of a sexual nature .
Around him are a group of Israeli soldiers , some of whom are jeering .
One soldier goads the blindfolded man into repeating what he is saying .
The taunt ends with the words : " Golani will bring you a log to stick up your ass . "
As the man repeats it , the soldiers can be heard laughing loudly .
The BBC's Tim Franks in Jerusalem says it is impossible to know just how frequently such incidents occur .
But a leading Israeli human rights group says " many instances of abuse are not exposed because they have become the norm " .
HARRISONBURG , Va. | Democratic presidential nominee Sen. Barack Obama will showcase his campaign war chest Wednesday night in a 30 - minute commercial to air before the World Series , spending about $ 1 million per spot to communicate directly with viewers across several networks at the same time .
With six days to go until Election Day , the front - runner is badly outspending his Republican rival Sen.
John McCain on television ads across a map of battleground states .
The Republican National Committee has been forced to go on the defensive in traditionally safe states such as West Virginia and Montana .
Mr. Obama ran 1,350 ads to Mr. McCain ’s 331 on Sunday in Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Missouri , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Virginia , according to Nielsen Media Research .
Nielsen reported , however , that Mr. McCain increased his ads in those states , running 1,353 to Mr. Obama ’s 1,528 .
From Oct. 6 through Monday , Mr. Obama ran 64,917 ads to Mr. McCain ’s 25,630 in those seven battleground states , Nielsen calculated .
The Obama campaign would reveal few details about the 8 p.m. ad purchase , only calling it a “ program ” that would offer “ specifics ” on his plans .
“ With this historic election only a week away - and John McCain ’s angry , desperate attacks mounting by the day - we want to make sure every voter heading into the voting booth knows exactly what Barack Obama would do to bring about fundamental change as president , ” spokesman Bill Burton said .
Larry J. Sabato , political science professor at the University of Virginia , noted that this gap in funding , which the half - hour buy reflects , was partially the result of prohibitions Mr. McCain himself championed on “ soft money , ” previously unregulated funds spent by political parties and other groups on behalf of candidates .
Under current laws , the Republican National Committee can help Mr. McCain by paying for some TV and radio ads .
But “ soft money ” - funded outside groups could have helped Mr. McCain and fellow Republican candidates fill the gap in previous years .
“ Obama ’s extra money is the icing on the cake for the Democrat in a year when almost everything has moved in his direction , ” Mr. Sabato said .
“ Obama ’s money advantage has unquestionably forced McCain to scramble furiously around the country , nailing Jell - O to the wall , trying to lock down red states that keep turning purple once he leaves . ”
The spot will air on Fox , CBS , NBC and the cable network MSNBC .
But ABC will go with its regular programming , dramatic comedy “ Pushing Daisies . ”
ABC is doing a promotion , telling viewers they can “ get political with the other networks ” or watch the newest episode of the series .
Republicans mocked the Obama spot , a tactic last used by billionaire candidate H. Ross Perot in 1992 in his failed independent bid for the presidency .
Mr. Obama has outspent Mr. McCain , having raised more than $ 600 million for his presidential bid while Mr. McCain agreed to take $ 84 million in public funds .
The McCain campaign said Mr. Obama ’s stockpile of cash and ubiquitous TV ads underscore the Democrat ’s broken promise to use public financing .
McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds stressed that Mr. McCain has enough cash on hand to remain competitive in the closing days of the race .
Mr. Obama also is maximizing his TV time .
When Obama ads pop up on television , viewers with digital video recorders are given an option to click through to the Obama infomercial channel that plays his longer , specific and positive spots on a loop .
On the stump Wednesday , Mr. Obama continued to give his “ closing argument ” and saying he needs to make sure people actually vote .
He pushed through a morning rally in Chester , Pa. , despite near - freezing rain , rallying 9,000 .
Mr. McCain , meanwhile , canceled his nearby outdoor event owing to the weather .
His campaign also posted a Web video urging supporters to “ ask for the day off ” to volunteer and “ make calls , knock on doors , get out the vote . ”
“ You ca n’t make history ” from your couch or computer , the spot tells supporters .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Donald Luskin Reclaims His Title
by hilzoy
Even Donald Luskin , aka The Stupidest Man Alive ( and inspiration for one of my rare attempts at parody ) , must be regretting publishing an op - ed called “ Quit Doling Out That Bad- Economy Line ” today :
“ ” It was the worst of times , and it was the worst of times . ”
I imagine that ’s what Charles Dickens would conclude about the current condition of the U.S. economy , based on the relentless drumbeat of pessimism in the media and on the campaign trail .
In the past two months , this newspaper alone has written no fewer than nine times , in news stories , columns and op - eds , that key elements of the economy are the worst they ’ve been “ since the Great Depression . ”
That diagnosis has been applied twice to the housing “ slump ” and once to the housing “ crisis , ” to the “ severe ” decline in home prices , to the “ spike ” in mortgage foreclosures , to the “ change ” in the mortgage market and the “ turmoil ” in debt markets , and to the “ crisis ” or “ meltdown ” in financial markets .
It ’s a virus — and it ’s spreading .
Do a Google News search for “ since the Great Depression , ” and you come up with more than 4,500 examples of the phrase ’s use in just the past month .
But that does n’t make any of it true .
Things today just are n’t that bad .
Sure , there are trouble spots in the economy , as the government takeover of mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and jitters about Wall Street firm Lehman Brothers , amply demonstrate .
And unemployment figures are up a bit , too .
None of this , however , is cause for depression — or exaggerated Depression comparisons . ”
He then presents a bunch of data — last quarter , he tells us , real GDP was up 3.3 % .
( He somehow fails to mention that the quarter before , it was 0.9 % , and the quarter before that , - 0.2 % . )
All sorts of things are really very good .
So why do n’t people recognize that ?
He blames Obama .
( Really .
Obama , he says , is “ Patient zero in this epidemic ” . )
His conclusion ?
“ Whatever the political outcome this year , hopefully this will prove to be yet another instance of that iron law of economics and markets :
The sentiment of the majority is always wrong at key turning points .
And the majority is plenty pessimistic right now .
That suggests that we ’re on the brink not of recession , but of accelerating prosperity .
Maybe this will turn out to be the best of times — at least since the Great Depression . ”
Just for giggles , here ’s a compilation of some of Luskin ’s other predictions ( h/t ) .
They include :
* “ So what words are left to describe a really big down day like Thursday ?
How about , “ Stocks became a better bargain than ever ! ” ” — July 27 , 2007 ( DJIA closed at 13,265.47 , 1843.47 points higher than Friday ’s close . ) *
“ If you see any financial stocks that have gotten run over by a bus in the last couple months — and then the bus backed up and ran over them again — you might want to consider taking a flier , and putting some money down by expecting the unexpected . ” — Oct. 26 . 2007 ( see a chart of financials over the past year here , and tell me whether you think Luskin was right .
Best I can tell , they ’ve lost about a third of their value , on average . )
* “ THE BOTTOM IS IN .
Yes , I know I ’ve been too early in saying to buy stocks during the correction from the October highs .
But all the classic signals of a durable bottom are in place now .
Let me count the ways . ” — Nov. 30 , 2007 ( DJIA closed 13371.42 , 1949.43 points above Friday ) *
“ On Wall Street , vultures do n’t go after dead things .
They go after things that are alive and very cheap .
And right now , they ’re going after troubled financial stocks in a big way , which means it ’s time to move in . ” — Dec. 7 , 2007 ( see chart described above .
Buy now , and you ’ve only lost about 25 % , on average , as of Friday . )
Just ten days ago , he truly outdid himself with a column called — I am not making this up — “ GOP ’s Palin Could Be Savior of Stock Market “ .
But here ’s the truly scary part of Luskin ’s op - ed : “ Full disclosure : I ’m an adviser to John McCain ’s campaign ” .
I just hope he ’s their investment advisor .
By Tristana Moore
BBC News , Prora
Old aerial photos show the immense scale of Prora ( photo : Bernd Kuehl )
It has a long , white sandy beach and several miles of beautiful , unspoiled coastline , but Prora , on Germany 's Baltic Sea island of Ruegen , does not feature in tourist brochures .
Perhaps it 's something to do with its history - as a Nazi holiday camp .
But the local authorities in Ruegen think it is time to turn a new page , and have approved plans to turn Prora into a modern tourist resort .
Strolling along the beach , you catch a glimpse of the imposing , concrete buildings which are partly obscured by a pine forest .
When you walk over the sand dunes , you are struck by the sheer scale of Prora , an eerie relic of Germany 's Nazi past .
The sprawling 5 km - long resort now consists of five identical , six - storey buildings ( originally there were eight buildings , but three now lie in ruins ) .
Mass tourism
The Nazis planned mass murder and they also planned mass tourism , as part of their attempt to indoctrinate the entire German population .
With its fine , white sand , Prora is like a Caribbean beach
Kerstin Kassner
Reugen councillor
The vast complex , designed to accommodate 20,000 visitors , was part of the Nazis ' " Strength through Joy " ( " Kraft durch Freude , " KdF ) programme .
The aim was to provide leisure activities for German workers and spread Nazi propaganda .
The plans included a cinema , a festival hall , swimming pools and a jetty where Strength Through Joy cruise ships would dock .
After years of neglect there are renewed hopes for Prora The Nazis started building Prora in 1936 .
But , at the same time , Hitler was making preparations for war .
That took priority , and the massive building project was never finished .
During the Allied bombing campaign , many refugees took shelter here .
After the war , Prora was used as a military outpost for the East German army .
But since German reunification in 1990 , the buildings have stood empty .
Ambitious plans Today , the whole place is still pretty deserted , except for a small museum and disco .
Locals call Prora the Colossus , and you can see why - it is a gigantic monumental structure .
There are hundreds of empty rooms , with many windows smashed by vandals .
After years of debate , the plan now is to turn Prora into a modern holiday resort .
Four of the five blocks have been sold to private investors and the district council of Ruegen .
This is where the Nazis wanted to feed and entertain people , as well as indoctrinate them .
It 's not really a holiday destination
Heike Tagsold
Prora historian
The council wants to build a 500 - bed youth hostel in one block , which will cost around 15 m euros ( £ 13 m ) .
" Prora has one of the most beautiful beaches on the island of Ruegen .
With its fine , white sand , Prora is like a Caribbean beach , " says Kerstin Kassner , a local councillor .
" It is n't nice to have such a large , empty property on the beach , so we have to bring life back to this area , " she adds .
Developers have a new vision .
They want to build hundreds of holiday apartments , with cafes , discos , hotels , sports halls and swimming pools in order to attract thousands of visitors .
" We want to revamp Prora as quickly as possible , " says Horst Schaumann , the mayor of Binz .
" We 'll be able to house 3,000 people here in the future .
We want lots of young people and tourists to come here and enjoy their holiday in this peaceful resort , " he adds .
Mixed feelings Construction of the new resort is due to start next year .
But the idea of turning Prora into a tourist attraction is proving controversial .
In the nearby seaside town of Binz , locals have mixed feelings about the new project .
" We 've got enough tourists here already and we do n't need any more visitors , " one man says .
The Prora museum charts the rise and fall of the Nazi complex " Prora should be left as a reminder of the past and it should n't become a package holiday resort .
We must not forget our history , " Kathrin , a shopkeeper says .
" I do n't think that it is right to build a new resort here , because of what Prora stands for , " says Heike Tagsold , a historian at the Documentation Centre in Prora .
" This is where the Nazis wanted to feed and entertain people , as well as indoctrinate them .
It 's not really a holiday destination .
I can't imagine coming here on holiday , and I do n't think people should enjoy themselves at this place , " she says .
It is not clear whether the museum will remain in Prora once the building work gets under way - but Ms Tagsgold insists it should .
" Far - right groups are powerful in Germany .
We have to make sure that people understand what happened in Prora , so we need to keep this museum , " she says .
The plans for the new resort are still up in the air and the local authorities and developers have still not decided the museum 's fate .
" We wo n't ignore the history of Prora .
It 's a listed property so the building 's facades will be preserved , " said Guedrun Reimer , from Binz council .
But whether Prora can be transformed into a popular holiday destination remains to be seen .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In the months leading up to the election , Stephen Baldwin did everything he could to get some headlines .
First , he claimed to be so afraid of Barack Obama he said if Obama won the election , he was going to move to Canada .
President - elect Obama became a reality on November 4th , and on the 5th we were all waiting for Baldwin to start looking at some real estate in The Great White North .
But suddenly , Stephen Baldwin is just a crazy jokester , and anyone who thought he was just crazy needs a sense of humor .
“ The liberal Democrats who did n’t get that I was joking need to lighten up , ” the born - again Christian told Page Six .
“ Obama is obviously talented and intelligent , and I have great respect for the man .
He ’s got my full support , and I ’m gonna be praying for him and his administration . ”
[ From Page Six ]
Damn .
I was hoping Stephen Baldwin would be the first to live up to the cliche ’
Hollywood threat and actually move out of the country .
If for no other reason than the publicity it would garner .
I ’m not even sure how Baldwin hangs on to his SAG card these days , I have n’t seen him in anything since his remarkable portrayal of Barney Rubble in Viva Rock Vegas .
Upon viewing his wikipedia entry , it seems if I watched Christian programming or the SciFi Channel , I might have seen more of him .
But he could have done all that from Canada , could n’t he ?
So , Baldwin was joking about expatriating , was he joking when he called Obama a “ cultural terrorist ” and said how he ’d beat the Democrat right out of him .
What you really meant was that Obama is a great man and you respects the hell out of him , huh , Stephen ?
A month ago he ’s got you running for the border , today , he ’s got your prayers .
Not so the gays , though .
After declaring his love and devotion to Obama , Stephen Baldwin made sure he got the press by saying , “ If they legalize gay marriage in all 50 states in my lifetime , I ’ll get a Billy Ray Cyrus tattoo on my butt to go with the Hannah Montana one . ”
Weird , I thought his Hannah Montana tattoo was on his arm .
A 15 - year old girl ’s pretend name tattooed on the shoulder of a 42 - year old man is creepy , but a tattoo of her dad on his butt would be all kinds of weird .
Let ’s hope we get some equal marriage rights here soon so we can see if Baldwin is joking about that , too .
Stephen Baldwin is shown campaigning on 11/2/08 .
Credit : WENN
I have many memories of being sick as a child .
I remember lying on the couch watching movies with our rented VCR and putting sympathy stickers given to me by my older sisters in my sticker book .
I remember stopping by the meat market to buy a BBQ burger and bag of Cheetos before heading home to my sickbed , a spot on the living room couch .
I have some vivid memories of being cooped up for days at a time .
Once my teacher even called to invite me to the movies since I missed the last few weeks of school because of one of my latest spells .
From pneumonia to the shingles to the flu , I was n’t one to win the perfect attendance awards handed out at the end of the year .
In contrast , my best friend M , seldom missed school .
When she came down with something , strep throat was the usual culprit , she was whisked off to the doctor , started on a round of antibiotics , and then returned to school later that day or the next at the latest .
Even today , when M or her children get sick she follows her usual protocol , a quick visit to the doctor , the appropriate medicine and all is well .
The difference in our getting - well - routines no doubt had something to do with the fact that M ’s mother worked outside the home whereas my mother was a stay - at - home mom .
Of course , I now understand how difficult it is to take off days , not to mention weeks , at a time to take care of a sick child .
My mother had the luxury of letting my body heal itself , when it would comply , because she was n’t having to use up precious sick days .
Because of my childhood I ’ve always hesitated to use medicine .
Not always a blessing , this has caused me some problems when medicine has truly been the best course of action for one ailment or another .
But besides from my belief that in many cases the body can heal itself is my weariness at the possible negative effects of taking this or that drug .
Once again I blame my childhood because I was known for having reactions to numerous drugs : hives , bruises , etc .
So when articles such as , Antibiotics account for 19 % of emergency department visits in US for adverse events and Antibiotics may be linked to risk of cancer , are released my anxiety increases dramatically .
Whereas many people would shrug off articles like these , I examine the facts trying to make heads or tails of the significance of the findings .
And in these cases , both articles provide good information about antibiotic usage .
The first article discusses the fact that about 19 % of ER visits are related to adverse events related to antibiotics .
Many of these cases , about 80 % , have to do with allergic reactions while some are caused by overdoses or errors .
In the second article , researchers have found some evidence that antibiotics may increase the risk of certain types of cancer .
The results are far from concrete though and researchers note that :
… the observational design of the study means that they cannot say whether antibiotic use causes cancer or whether other factors , such as infectious agents or behavioral factors , explain the findings .
The most useful information is related to the use of antibiotics for respiratory tract infections .
John Bartlett , a specialist in infectious diseases at Johns Hopkins University , Baltimore notes that many respiratory tract infections are not due to bacterial infections and therefore are not going to respond to antibiotics .
In those cases of course , using antibiotics would not be the smart choice .
Both studies seem to add fuel to the already current idea that prescribing antibiotics should not be done recklessly .
But even though this overriding attitude has been standard for a few years now , many people still think of antibiotics as the answer to their aches and pains .
And , like my friend M , there are reasons for this that are far - removed from any medical implications .
Allowing your body to heal itself is not necessarily a quick process .
And in today ’s fast paced world , that is an unpopular notion .
References
R. Dobson ( 2008 ) .
Antibiotics may be linked to risk of cancer BMJ , 337 ( aug21 3 ) DOI : 10.1136/bmj.a1381
B. Roehr ( 2008 ) .
Antibiotics account for 19 % of emergency department visits in US for adverse events BMJ , 337 ( aug15 2 ) DOI : 10.1136/bmj.a1324
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
12/08/2008
The sanctity of Kern marriage : For better or worse anti-gay rhetoric
by Jeremy Hooper
" We have to get rid of that and start curing those sinners .
It ’s past time that this nation stopped placating sin and start putting them in education programs .
Courts can force drug offenders into treatment centers and violent people into anger management .
There ’s no reason our courts ca n’t do that with homos . "
According to the Gossip Boy website , the above quip was uttered by one Pastor Steve Kern , husband of infamous Oklahoma Lawmaker Sally Kern .
Go read Gossip
Boy for the full story / claims / alleged chat transcript / implications this could have for Oklahoma politics :
RACE TO BE GOVERNOR PUTS CORNETT IN ANTI - GAY FRENZY [ Gossip Boy ]
So if true , this tells us that in the Kern household , gays are considered terrorists who need to go to Homosexualists Anonymous .
Christian values at work , kids !
** UPDATE : On behalf of those who might be skeptical about the authenticity of this chat , we wrote the Gossip Boy site to get more info .
A site editor assures us that they used " the standard journalism technique of putting it on speaker phone and having the conversation listened to by two credible witnesses and a transcriber . "
Your thoughts
Not all Christians are like this .
My Christian values have made me accept everyone who does not harm me or my loved ones .
In Liberal Christian beliefs some of us look on this as the evil in people pretending to be righteousness .
Sadly , it confuses way to many people .
I understand though that it seems like this is the only face of Christianity to some .
These people are SOO DAMN LOUD !!!
As a Lutheran I was raised to be quiet " Live your faith " my dad tells me .
I have started to be louder lately because I am tired of idiots like this giving me a bad name .
Posted by : Piper | Dec 8 , 2008 1:34:10 PM
Wow .
I 'd be shocked if I had n't heard this whale shit a million times already .
Posted by : RainbowPhoenix | Dec 8 , 2008 1:39:51 PM
Piper :
Of course not all Christians are like this , and we would hope everyone here has an understanding of that .
The problem is that the ones , like Sally , who preach their " values " the loudest are so often the ones who need schooling on the meaning of the term .
I say , " rise up and speak out ! "
Posted by : G - A - Y | Dec 8 , 2008 1:42:17 PM
It 's always interesting to read things like these , especially when you consider that these are the same people who keep trying to say they 're the one 's being persecuted and forced out of the public sector .
Posted by : Jarred | Dec 8 , 2008 2:21:54 PM
Hey , Piper ! Liberal Lutherans unite !
I agree with each of you , G - A - Y & Piper , a little bit .
I think it 's worthwhile to continue to note and speak out as affirming and open Christian groups .
We need to get out there and educate our brothers and sisters as to why the gay - hatin ' just can't continue , why it 's counter - productive and counter to our values .
I 'm working with a few other folks to try and get some dialogue going here at my university among groups at our multifaith spiritual center ( where the religious groups all meet and have our offices ) .
It 's that kind of personal conversation ( instead of argument in the abstract ) that can help to chip away at attitudes , or at least form the first cracks .
And while , G - A-Y , I do think that most , if not all , here know that and recognize it , there are often times when the rhetoric gets very down on any and all religion .
We do n't much care for it when people group us all into a homogenous lump .
Now , I do n't think the commenters actually think that all Christians or religious folk are like this , but I also think sometimes we , as human beings ( myself included ) , can get carried away into rhetorical excess .
As frequent victims of just that we should be very reluctant to do it to others .
( Not saying this happened here -- it did n't .
Just that I see a comment or two to that effect on other posts sometimes . )
Posted by : PSUdain | Dec 8 , 2008 2:27:48 PM
abandon all religion .
Posted by : schm3cky | Dec 8 , 2008 4:55:00 PM
Thank you Sally Kern for making Oklahomans look stupid .
Like we do n't need any more good press , we got tornadoes , bridge collapses , methamphetamine , McCain voters , Tim McVeigh and the Murrah Bombing , Republican legislators that wo n't pay their taxes , Jim Inhofe , Frank Lucas , Prayin ' Ernie Istook .
Just shut the hell up Sally and Husband .
Posted by : Rick Cain , Tulsa , OK | Dec 8 , 2008 9:25:28 PM
Hey
I do n't think that you think that all Christians are like that , and I am starting to be louder , mostly at home , up here it 's not as difficult , as more people in Washington agree with me compared with Texans .
I 'm only 23 , my mom is in her 60's and is finally starting to yell a bit about these things !
You should see her , I am so proud .
This is a woman who volunteered with my dad at an AIDS hospice in Houston during the 80's { The entire church were volunteering there , as one of my godfathers died in that hospice} and during this time tried to undo the negative effects that the conservative church had one her friends when they repeatedly tried to commit suicide because they were gay , she has finally had enough and is starting to yell back at the people that ahve done this to her friends and family , While I wish she had started earlier , I am so proud she is doing it at all PSUdain , are you a University student or faculty ?
I 'm up at PLU as a fifth year senior .
I love seeing other liberal Lutherans , it makes my heart smile !
Posted by : Piper | Dec 8 , 2008 11:07:41 PM
We are so used to these theofascists spouting ... but the point of the article that worried me was 1 ) That HORRIFIC pictures of OCity Mayor Mick Cornett !!
He looks so much like Hubbard it is scary ( without the hair though ) .
2 ) That they are trying to load the LIBRARY Board so they can throw out all the books they do n't like !
Cornett and Steve Kern , pastor of the Olivet Baptist Church and husband to State Rep. Sally Kern , are being accused of teaming up to rid the library system of all gay and lesbian materials , as well as those their church - based philosophies find objectionable .
A source close to Cornett alleges , “ The Mayor is looking to become Oklahoma ’s next governor in 2010 .
With the conservatism rampant in the state , he feels now is the time to fully side with fundamentalist Christians in order to get their backing .
He believes one way of doing that is going on an all - out assault on gay citizens .
Even if things are done that would later be overturned in court at a great cost to the City , he will walk away a hero to certain people . ”
But they do note that ISTOOK is returning from the Heritage Foundation to run for GOV agains ( He lost in 2006 33 % to 66 % to current Gove . ! ) ... and that Istook has the ' conservative base ' locked up so Cornett has to get the fringies !
So glad I do n't live in OK , I know a few of the PHB commentors do .. and it is scary !
Posted by : LOrion | Dec 8 , 2008 11:49:21 PM
As good an example of why religion is evil that I know of .
Ignorance combined with intolerance .
Posted by : darter 22 | Dec 8 , 2008 11:53:34 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
By Christopher Landau
BBC religious affairs correspondent
Muslims , Jews and Christians are among the attendants Leaders from the world 's religious traditions have signed a manifesto urging tough action on climate change .
Around 1,000 delegates are meeting at the Interfaith Climate Summit in Uppsala , Sweden , at the invitation of the Swedish church .
The manifesto , signed by 30 religious leaders , calls for " rapid and large emission cuts in the rich world " .
It argues in favour of a reduction in carbon emissions of at least 40 % by the year 2020 .
Leaders are also calling on individual followers of religious traditions to recognise the importance of caring for the environment .
They also place an emphasis on the world 's more prosperous nations shouldering the burden of responsibility over the issue .
Rich countries , the manifesto states , " should pay for international cuts in addition to their own domestic initiatives .
These payments should be obligatory . "
The signatories also urge the sharing of technological expertise to mitigate the effects of climate change .
' Human emergency '
Some have questioned what role religious leaders have in an issue that already preoccupies scientists and politicians .
The Archbishop of Sweden said that the hope offered by religious traditions should be recognised alongside the fear some people justifiably feel about the impact of climate change .
' Rampant ' society upsets order " I am convinced that the issue of climate change is not an issue best left only to politics , natural science or the market , " he told delegates .
" Our faith traditions provide a basis for hope and reasons for not giving up ... despite our shortcomings . "
Delegates have also conceded that some religious traditions have been slow to recognise the importance of climate change .
One prominent participant is the Anglican Bishop of London .
He says that religious communities must learn to speak out on the issue .
" Here is a major human emergency , " he said .
" Have the faiths of humankind got anything to say about this challenge ? "
" Many of our constituencies regard this still as a peripheral second - order issue - it 's got to be moved up the agenda . "
' Moral perspective '
What is undeniably unique about this gathering is the breadth of cultures and backgrounds represented .
Delegates were welcomed by HRH Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden .
During the opening ceremony in Uppsala 's cathedral , a packed congregation listened to a performance of " Bridge over troubled water " , before singing the Christian hymn , " All things bright and beautiful " .
Afterwards , a Taiwanese Buddhist nun rubbed shoulders with an American Indian ; a Palestinian Christian chatted with a Muslim from Wales .
Political leaders were also present , including Vice - President of the European Commission Margot Wallstrom .
She said that it made sense to hear the views of religious leaders , given the influence they can have over their communities .
The inter - faith summit would " bring another perspective to the climate change debate , an ethical and moral perspective , and a debate that many politicians might not be willing to engage in " , she said .
The religious leaders who have travelled to Sweden believe that their ethical contribution to the climate change debate is vital .
The lasting question is whether their contribution will make a real impact - both on their own religious communities and the wider world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Industrial design
The Storm is a striking device .
From the second you lay eyes on it , it 's clear that a lot of time and care went into crafting this phone .
The majority of the front panel is display , a large 3.25 - inch ( 480 x 360 ) touchscreen sitting just shy of flush with a silver bezel that runs around the sides , top , and bottom of the device .
The bands seem to be plastic , not metal , and trace the outline of the moderately thick ( 0.55 - inch ) phone , looping around the back , while the rest of the surface is a high gloss , piano black plastic .
Below the screen are four familiar BlackBerry keys ( phone , menu , back , and end / power ) , along the left is a convenience key and a micro USB port ( RIM has eschewed the more common mini USB slot for the lower profile of the newer variation , though that seems to be the way the industry is headed ) , and on the right side is another convenience key , volume rocker , and ( yay ! ) 3.5 mm headphone jack .
Around back , the battery cover is made from solid piece of brushed aluminum , and the camera and flash sit atop the plate , covered by a glossy plastic strip .
Along the top of the phone there 's a single LED to the right , and lock and mute keys incorporated into either side of the casing like soft rockers -- a nice touch .
Generally , the construction of the hardware and components used seem higher in quality than previous devices from the company , with buttons that click tightly and a heft that tries ( and succeeds ) to communicate an understated class .
Touchscreen
the
Software
Phone / Data
sweet
Camera / GPS / Battery life
Wrap-up
It 's not completely rainbows and unicorns , however .
We noticed backlight leaking in through the sides of the screen , which partially killed the continuity of the design ( and had us raise eyebrows at build quality ) , and the screen sort of slides around when it 's pressed down and held ( more on that later ) .
No deal breakers , but certainly a couple minor niggles we wish we had n't seen .
The touchscreen is where most of the attention on this phone will be focused , and rightfully so .
Unlike similarly stacked competitors ( the iPhone and Instinct come to mind ) the Storm does n't just boast a capacitive touch display , it also utilizes a completely unique " click " technology called SurePress which actually allows you to click the screen down like a mouse button .
The purpose of this technology , ostensibly , is to provide two aspects to touch screens which are currently lacking in most devices : the ability to " hover " without selecting or moving an on - screen element , and the physical sensation of " clicking " when you type or navigate .
The Storm 's screen certainly provides those two things in spades , but our question is whether or not they actually improve the experience of using this sort of device -- and in our opinion , they do not .
Before we plunge into why we feel the hardware does n't work here , we need to preface it with some information about the software .
You can't really talk about one without the other .
What you first should know is that the operating system used on this phone is almost identical to previous BlackBerry OSs -- notably 4.6 , as seen on the Bold .
The main reason for stating that is because you must understand the basis for the UI design .
All modern BlackBerrys use a QWERTY or SureType keypad coupled with a trackball for navigation , in addition to heavy emphasis on a pop - up menu accessible by the " menu " key from pretty much every section of the OS .
The difference in 4.7 is not a paradigmatic shift away from this approach , rather , the company has added touch and multitouch functionality to take the place of trackball movements .
What this means is that unlike the iPhone , which is most certainly the closest competitor on the market to this phone , the Storm 's UI is not custom built for touch navigation -- touch navigation is added after the fact .
Things which flow naturally on an iPhone -- flicking through lists , scrolling for a contact , moving around in a webpage or looking through photos -- feel inelegant and uncomfortable on the Storm .
There 's no inertia to movement , no assurance that your finger is the lynchpin to control of the device .
The screen is sensitive enough , surely , but how its software reacts to those touches makes all the difference , and here the feeling is that you 're never completely in charge of the phone .
BlackBerrys have garnered an almost mythic stature asphone for email and messaging .
One of the components of RIM 's success for that model has been the inclusion of QWERTY keypads ( and more recently the halved QWERTY SureType keyboards ) on their phones .
As any email addict will tell you , very few devices can compete .
The slant from RIM's PR on the Storm is that the new clickable touchscreen delivers another high caliber typist 's dream to their roster -- but that could n't be further from the truth .
Rather than the click making things easier , it actually makes them more difficult .
As you press down to engage a " key , " you 're required to release before moving to another , which means that you can only type so quickly .
In our tests , we were constantly frustrated by the staggering , laggy movement when trying to type with any speed .
You have to let the click depress before you can strike another character , and that makes for a stuttery input process .
Additionally , hovering over characters is represented by a blue glow , which looks nice when moving around , but in practice does n't do a very good job of letting you know what key you 're touching .
We had spelling errors aplenty .
All of this would be helped greatly by an intelligent software component that guessed what you meant to type -- much like the iPhone 's predictive element .
Unfortunately , what RIM provides is more of a glorified T9 , which means if you type " fo , " it does n't know you meant to type " do . "
Ultimately we found ourselves slowly and carefully pecking out messages that should have taken less time to put together , clicking screen or not .
Otherwise , there are a few great implementations of the screen -- copying and pasting , which is the norm on RIM phones , is fully represented here with elegant multitouch functionality .
You just grab the beginning and end of a section of text you want to snag with two fingers , and a menu pops up along the bottom for copy / paste duties .
In the browser , you can hover above a link with your finger before clicking it ( a big help on crowded pages ) , and you can double tap ( not click ) to zoom into pages , though there 's no way to back out other than hitting the minus magnifying glass .
We do n't think the technology used for the screen is a dead - end by any measure , but it has a long way to go before it 's honestly competing with the iPhone for virtual keyboard domination .
Right now it 's a nice idea with less in the way of usability than we need .
If speed is n't a concern , you 'll probably find it manageable , but for BlackBerry addicts and those accustomed to typing on the iPhone , this will be a disappointment .
Besides the new technology behind the display , the screen itself is fairly tremendous .
Colors are rich , and contrast is solid .
The brightness is n't quite as eye - searing as the iPhone at full tilt , and does n't even approach the supernova 8830 we 've got here , but frankly , how bright do you need it ?
Everything looked sharp and clear , though we 've gotten a little spoiled by the Bold 's incredible pixel density , and now other phones seem to pale in comparison .
As we said , 4.7 is n't a huge step up over 4.6 , but there are a number of improvements worth mentioning .
Navigating through menus and the home screen is still very much a typical BlackBerry experience though .
The phone has two levels of " application " screens , the initial landing screen , which gives you eight app icons of your choosing , and a deeper level which displays all of your folders and programs .
You can use the touchscreen to hover ( or select ) each of the icons , giving it that blue glow , but we found it annoying that you could n't drag your finger across the selections and have the glow follow you ( as it does when typing ) .
It gets stuck on the first thing you touch , and you have to re-press to move to another icon -- it seems like it would be more convenient to have the selection follow your movements , but the phone does n't seem to know the difference between a quick flick up or down and a selection .
You click down on the screen to launch an app or make a selection in a list , and you can swipe up and down to move through the list of apps , though it 's not nearly as smooth as it should be .
BlackBerry fans used to a real keyboard and shortcuts might find themselves a bit lost here when trying to get around quickly -- you can set one of the convenience keys to pop open the virtual keyboard , but it does n't seem to recognize long presses , shortcuts , or find - as - you - type contact searches like traditional RIM devices ( typing on the Storm just takes you to the dialer , why we do n't know ) .
Most components of the UI which require scrolling do n't seem drastically changed , but you can now jump through lists by up - down gestures .
Again , we found that the lack of inertia made this seem stiffer than expected , though it worked well enough when moving around the phone .
RIM has added a few visual tweaks to the OS on the Storm , like crossfades and sideways swipes of pages which admittedly give it a bit more polish , although they seem largely superfluous ( do n't worry , we feel the same way about the iPhone 's zooms and scrolls ) .
Overall , transitions between screens and inside of apps do seem a bit more sluggish than the performance on the Bold , but whether this is due to those new effects or a higher CPU load given the touch recognition and screen size , we can't say .
We did find ourselves missing the speedy response of a traditional BlackBerry , and also felt like responses lagged behind our movements enough to be annoying .
There seemed to be a few noticeable bugs floating around , and at least one that ground the phone to almost a halt -- when quitting the browser on a page that was still loading , it turned the navigation on the home screen to molasses .
Another flaw we had crop up was accelerometer related , an irksome bug that rendered the portrait - to - landscape switching ( and vice versa ) non-existent .
We can't say if that was hardware or software related , but the details count , and those little snags take points away .
Thankfully the browser has been considerably updated .
If you have any experience with RIM 's last attempt at mobile browsers ( the Bold ) , then you know what manna from heaven any fixes would be .
4.6's browser is , in a word , unusable .
Load times are painful , rendering is only sometimes accurate , and mostly it 's just a tortuous mess to get around in .
We can honestly say that the Storm 's implementation is leaps and bounds beyond what the company has previously offered .
Pages load quickly and are generally formatted correctly , navigation is much snappier ( zooms do n't take hours to redraw ) , and scrolling is tolerable , if not as buttery smooth as we prefer .
And ultimately , that 's a point that must be made -- while the browser is much better than earlier versions , and is an admirable attempt , it 's still a bit behind Mobile Safari and the G1's Webkit - based " Chrome light , " lacking support for more advanced features like multiple tabs .
Why RIM does n't build something from scratch ( or buy a license from Opera ) is a question for the ages -- we can't imagine anyone has any real affection for this experience .
Still , for casual tasks and most browsing , you could certainly do worse , and it 's nice to know that a lot of energy went into this update .
On the messaging and email front , very little has changed here from earlier RIM phones , save for some of that visual flair .
Particularly when it comes to email , the use of screen real estate and selection of fonts seems dated when compared with the iPhone .
We wo n't complain about the email service itself , delivery of messages was rock solid ( of course ) , but a quick glance at the iPhone versus a quick glance at the Storm provides a strong juxtaposition of design languages .
Reading email on the BlackBerry was an inconsistent experience , and highlighted the feeling that not too much trouble had been taken to freshen up this UI and format it for the bigger screen .
Under the hood , we found account management simple enough , but those looking for solid Gmail integration ( like , say , all the people Verizon and RIM hope to lure away from Apple 's camp ) will be seriously let down .
There does n't seem to be any decent alternative for getting Gmail the way you 're used to , save for Google 's own app ( which is remarkably good save for a few issues ) .
On that note , third - party software is still a bit weak for the platform , and essentially non-existent for the Storm itself .
It does n't look like using this phone will break any ( or most ) of the software already out for BlackBerry devices , but there 's also not much taking advantage of the new format and screen real estate .
In particular , something like the Facebook application -- which Verizon and RIM are pushing hard with the launch of the Storm -- is a poor stand - in for the iPhone offering , sporting exactly the same functionality it does on an older RIM device .
Reps from the company assured us that their version of the App Store was coming , and they do have a tidy application manager on the phone already , so we 're hoping that third parties really step up their game with the introduction of the Storm .
Because the phone is being marketed as a convergence device , it 's got an extra emphasis on media functions .
In truth , the media players / browsers are almost identical to 4.6's options , though again there 's some nice visual flair added .
The bigger screen allows for larger artwork to be shown off , and it's a match made in heaven for video playback .
Management of media is still pretty standard -- we copied files back and forth between the microSD card ( 8GB is included with the phone ) , but there 's no flashy Cover Flow or anything .
In fact , we noticed a slight graphic glitch when moving from portrait to landscape , which might be nothing , or may be due to the fact the phone has no hardware acceleration for graphics .
All in all , the software feature - set the phone ships with is incredibly strong .
There 's a broad selection of applications , including the " To Go " suite that allow you to view and edit Word , PowerPoint , and Excel documents .
Average ( and even not so average ) users will be hard pressed to find something that 's missing , and RIM makes it easy enough to grab key software if someone wants it .
You have to hand it to them , they cover pretty much all the bases ... save for one nasty omission .
We were a bit stunned to find out that we could n't sync the Storm with our Mac out of the box .
We do n't mean " hey we could n't sync with iTunes " ( we 're not insane ) , we mean , " hey , we can't sync this , at all , in any way . "
For the few Mac users that also happen to dig BlackBerrys , there 's a piece of software RIM offers free of charge called PocketMac , which does a half decent job of at least throwing your contacts , calendars , and other assorted must - haves onto your device -- but you 're out of luck if you buy a Storm .
Apparently , the software needs an update badly , and if you expect to enjoy the same service it provides to something like a Bold , you 'll be surprised and annoyed ( as we were ) to find this does n't let you sync your data .
For that , right now , you 're going to have to go download ( and pay for ) something like Missing Sync .
It 's pretty outrageous to us that in crafting a device so obviously aimed at the iPhone 's marketshare no one thought to make it accessible to Apple users even a little .
Look , we know it 's not a huge segment of the market , but it 's there , and if history has taught us anything , it 's a segment to be reckoned with .
When it comes to sound quality and reception for making actual phone calls , you can't beat this combination .
RIM phones generally have loud and clear earpieces and speakerphones , and Verizon -- love it or hate it -- has a great network .
Those two facts are certainly apparent when it comes to the Storm .
We found the earpiece to be plenty loud , and the speakerphone equally booming .
If we had a complaint , we 'd say the mid-range was a bit shrill on the phone .
The Bold , by comparison , has a much warmer , well - rounded output .
Still , that 's a pretty minor complaint , and if you 're looking for sheer network - clutching goodness , this is a pretty damn good choice .
In addition to Verizon 's CDMA , EV- DO , Rev . A madness , the Storm sports a GSM radio ( a number of them ) , so you can grab HSPA in the rest of the world , and truck on some sweet , EDGE here in the States .
Speaking of that EV - DO , the download speeds and network stability of the Storm seem pretty tight .
Although the phone omits WiFi , as long as you stay inside decent Verizon coverage areas , you wo n't feel that sting too badly .
In general , picture quality was excellent on the camera , which offers a healthy 3.2 - megapixel resolution .
The only problem we had -- and it was a big one -- was the fact that it took ages to focus and snap a shot .
There were numerous times when trying to photograph something that we lost the shot because of the length of time it took the camera to kick in .
In broad daylight , things fared a slight bit better , but when using the flash , it was pretty hard to get good results .
This seems like something that could take a simple software tweak to fix -- we know the camera looks nice , we just need it to take photos faster .
A lot faster .
One of the nice things about the Storm is that it 's not just capable of doing still photos , but can shoot video as well .
Results are mediocre , allowing capture up to 320 x 240 , with quite a bit of heavy artifacting .
Still , knowing that you can pull this out to grab something reminds us -- yet again -- that this is a necessary basic for modern cellphones .
Using the device for navigation garnered excellent results in terms of signal reception and tracking , but having to slug through the abysmal Verizon Navigator software is n't exactly joyous ( dudes , that intro animation is the worst thing we 've ever seen ) .
It would be nice to see some third party options on the device for PND duties , though at least Verizon tries to throw a lot of content into the mix ( movie times , traffic , local search ) , no matter how heavy handed it feels ( real , real heavy handed ) .
Since we had a very , very limited time to test the phone , we can't really give you solid figures on battery life .
In casual use , however , the Storm seems to be going strong even after a heavy workload : browsing , media player , and phone calls .
We 've had the phone on and chugging all day , and it 's only seeing about about a 30 percent drop in life so far .
If this keeps up , you can color us officially impressed with the juice you can pull out of this thing .
It 's clear from the device itself and the massive promotional push that both RIM and Verizon are giving the Storm that they view this as a proper threat to the iPhone 's dominance in the smartphone market .
Over the last few weeks we 've been bombarded with commercials , leaks , press releases , and special events all celebrating the arrival of the Storm , both here and abroad .
So it seems fairly obvious that yes , the companies believe they have a real contender on their hands -- and in many ways they do .
The selling points are easy : the phone is gorgeous to look at and hold , it 's designed and backed by RIM ( now almost a household name thanks to their prevalence in the business and entertainment markets ) , and it 's packed with features that , at first glance , make it seem not only as good as the iPhone , but better .
The only hitch in this plan is a major one : it 's not as easy , enjoyable , or consistent to use as the iPhone , and the one place where everyone is sure they have an upper hand -- that wow - inducing clickable screen -- just is n't all that great .
For casual users , the learning curve and complexity of this phone will feel like an instant turn off , and for power users , the lack of a decent typing option and considerable lagginess in software will give them pause .
RIM tried to strike some middle ground between form and function , and unfortunately came up short on both .
Going into this review , we really wanted to love this phone .
On paper it sounds like the perfect antidote to our gripes about the iPhone , and in some ways it lives up to those promises -- but more often than not while using the Storm , we felt let down or frustrated .
Ultimately , this could be a great platform with a little more time in the oven , but right now , it feels undercooked -- and that 's not enough for us .
CIRCUMLUNAR MISSION
Only 24 people have ever left Earth orbit and journeyed close to the Moon .
The last people to walk on the Moon were Gene Cernan and Harrison Schmitt , who left the Moon ’s surface on December 14 , 1972 and returned to Earth in their Apollo spacecraft .
Since then no one has been closer to the Moon than low - Earth orbit .
We will change that .
Using flight - proven Russian space vehicles we will fly two private citizens and one professional cosmonaut on a free return trajectory around the far side of the Moon .
They will come to within a few hundred kilometers of the Moon ’s surface .
If you chose to join this Circumlunar mission you will see the illuminated far side of the Moon , and then witness the amazing sight of the Earth rising above the surface of the Moon .
Mankind can only progress to become a space faring race by taking the small steps necessary to reduce the costs of access to space .
This mission will be one of those small , but very significant steps .
“ This mission is a unique opportunity for a private citizen to become one of the great explorers of the 21st Century . ” – Buzz Aldrin
The toddler - known as Baby P - suffered more than 50 injuries and was on the child protection register but was allowed to stay in the care of his mother , her boyfriend and their lodger .
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE IT SNOW
youtube.com -
Girl sobs in a car about setting off the fire alarm while her friend tries to control her own laughter .
One of the funniest things I 've seen in a long time !
" So many people do bad things , and I did n't mean to "
" Maybe I 'll just sweep ...
I'LL SWEEP THE FLOOR !! "
" I just wanted to make it snow ! "
** Back Story **
Apparently , she wanted to make the hallway appear that it had snow in it , so she decided to use a fire extinguisher ( this is something that her dad has successfully done in the past ) .
Instead of there just being a " little poof " , the entire hallway filled with chemicals that caused the fire alarm to go off in the middle of the night during finals week .
Now this is her in the car upset that everyone at Alpha Chi ( the sorority she wants to be in and presumably those who live where the fire alarm went off ) hates her .
She explains how she is n't a bad person and it was just an accident .
We wrote about the store Robot Galaxy opening last year .
See our previous post here .
Robot Galaxy has just opened a third 600 square foot store inside the Times Square Toys “ R ” Us .
The basic premise is you select different parts to build your custom robot .
Then you go to a workstation and put together your robot .
Once you get the robot home you can connect him to your computer and do things online in the same manner as Webkins .
The robots are popular with young boys and for birthday parties .
They cost anywhere from $ 27 – $ 70 .
Shown here is the robot Carson .
See a video about the store here or another one here .
Send us photos of your robot and we will post them here !
Finally , some amusing quotes from the Robot Galaxy website of people who have visited one of the stores .
My son wo n’t go to bed without his robot !
West Nyack , NY
Finally , a place for boys !
Freehold , NJ
Link via ( Crain’s )
41 shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Pocket
Flipboard
Guam is a territory of the United States in the Pacific Ocean .
This is just one of five territories of the US with an established government .
In fact , those who are born in Guam are considered US citizens .
Guam is also the largest of the Marianas Island group in the northwest Pacific .
Travel to Guam is quite popular ; in fact , more than 1 million people visit annually .
Magellan Landing Monument – Guam
The initial settlers in Guam are the indigenous Chamorros .
They settled in the island roughly 4,000 years ago .
It was Portuguese explorer Magellan who discovered the island during the 16th century .
Over the period of the 16th to 18th century , Guam was right smack in the middle of the Spanish - American war until the US gained control of Guam in 1898 .
Currency : US Dollar
Official Language : Guam has two official languages : English and Chamorro .
WiFi Availability :
It is easy to get connected in Guam .
Most hotels offer free Wi-Fi to their guests .
Airport/s : The Antonio B. Won Pat International Airport is the main hub for flights that travel to Guam .
Visa Required :
The visa requirements for travel to Guam is the same as any other US territories .
However , citizens of the United States are still required to present a valid passport to gain entry .
For other citizens , you need to have a US visa to be able to travel to Guam .
Driving :
In Guam , driving is on the right - hand side of the road .
International Driver ’s License Accepted ?
You can drive using your foreign driver ’s license in Guam .
Crime :
The level of crime in Guam is quite high .
The main issue involves people using or dealing drugs .
Property crimes and corruption are also prevalent issues in Guam .
Locks at Two Lovers Point – Guam
Electrical Adapters :
In Guam , they use the standard 110 volts at a frequency of 60 Hertz .
Trivia :
There are two major industries that support the economy of Guam : tourism and the United States Armed Forces .
Cuisine in Guam
There is enough variety of food options available in Guam .
But if you must immerse in the Guam culinary experience , here are the must - try dishes :
Red Rice – Rice is one of the staples in Guam ’s cuisine .
However , Guam is distinct in its preference for red rice .
This was introduced by the Spaniards to the indigenous people of Chamorros that first inhabited Guam .
Kelaguen –
This is the signature local dish in Guam , which was innovated by the Chamorros .
It has its similarities to ceviche , wherein the meat is cooked in lemon juice .
But unlike the typical ceviche that uses fish , they use a variety of meat such as seafood , beef , and chicken .
Kadon Pika –
This dish is a spicy stew that typically uses chicken .
It is a salty dish with a hint of sweetness and creaminess ( with the addition of coconut milk ) .
My Stories on Guam
Travel to Guam Resources
About The Author Steven Snell is a Web designer and blogger .
In addition to maintaining his own blog and writing for a number of other top design blogs , he also manages an … More about Steven Snell …
The Ultimate Collection Of Custom Photoshop Shapes
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Photoshop users are able to benefit from the vast amount of high - quality resources that are freely available to the community .
Brushes get a lot of attention , but custom shapes are also extremely useful in the right situations .
Finding a custom shape that has already been created can save you some time and headaches in your design , and fortunately there is a very wide variety of custom shapes available .
Photoshop users are able to benefit from the vast amount of high - quality resources that are freely available to the community .
Brushes get a lot of attention , but Photoshop shapes are also extremely useful in the right situations .
Finding a custom shape that has already been created can save you some time and headaches in your design , and fortunately there is a very wide variety of custom shapes available .
This post highlights 80 different sets of custom Photoshop shapes - over 2,500 individual shapes - in several different categories .
If you plan to download and use any of these shapes be sure to check to terms and conditions set by the creator of the shapes .
[ Updated Oct/31/2016 ]
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
1. Nature
Greenhouse Shapes ( 67 ) ( affiliate link )
Animal Shapes & Sunbursts ( 16 ) ( affiliate link )
Mountain Shapes ( 36 ) ( affiliate link )
Wreath Shapes ( 24 ) ( affiliate link )
Feathers Shapes ( 4 )
Butterfly Shapes ( 7 )
Photoshop Fish Shapes ( 30 )
Photoshop Custom Shapes Bugs ( 20 )
Feather Custom Shapes ( 7 )
2. People and Parts
Lavas Custom Shapes ( 26 )
Glasses , Lashes and Staches ( 8 )
Heads ( 45 )
Tumbling ( 2 )
Stock girls Shapes ( 8 )
3. Lovely
Hearts Shapes for Photoshop ( 20 )
My Valentine Shapes ( 11 )
Doodle Journal Shapes ( 15 )
Kiddy Stuffs ( 20 )
. Hearts Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 55 )
4. Signs and Labels
Public Signs Shapes ( 11 )
Red Faction Guerrilla Shapes ( 25 )
Auto Gauges ( 8 )
Label Shapes ( 12 )
Viking Rune Shapes ( 24 )
5. Icons
Pretty Texture Icons ( 35 )
E-Commerce Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 50 )
Plus , Minus Photoshop Shapes ( 6 )
Social Networking Icons ( 24 )
Tick Shapes ( 30 )
Email ( Envelope ) Photoshop Custom Shapes ( 8 )
Pretty Chat Photoshop Shapes ( 12 )
CD Disc Photoshop Vector Shapes ( 25 )
80 + Badge Icons ( 80 )
Cookware / Tableware Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 30 )
Zoom ( Magnifier ) Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 6 )
Blenke Shapes ( 200 )
Cake Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 10 )
Beautiful Coffee & Tea Cup Photoshop Custom Shapes ( 5 )
Shapes Icons ( Vector ) ( 90 )
Photoshop Cup Shapes ( 16 )
Christmas Brushes for Winter Holidays ( 35 )
Heraldic Shield Coat ( 20 )
Cities Icons ( 11 )
Car Silhouettes ( 11 )
6. Circles and Rounded Shapes
Photoshop Circle Shapes – Designer Essentials ( 23 )
Sunburst Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 33 )
Speech Bubble Shapes ( 6 )
Custom Shapes ( 10 )
Sacred Geometry Symbol Photoshop Brushes ( 7 )
Circular Design Custom ( 30 )
Abstract Circle PS Shapes ( 4 )
Abstract Circles ( 20 )
Badge Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 35 )
Wavy & Spiral Sunburst Shapes for Photoshop ( 25 )
7. Random Shapes
Holiday Shapes ( 20 )
Font Awesome Shape Pack ( 112 )
Ribbon Photoshop Custom Shapes ( 3 )
Photography Themed Shapes , Camera Tripod , Memory Card ( 13 )
Nautical Photoshop Custom Shapes ( 18 )
8. Arrows
Arrow Shapes ( 9 )
Smooth Arrows ( 56 )
Arrows Photoshop Shapes ( 120 )
Hand Drawn Arrows Shapes ( 70 )
Photoshop Arrow Shapes ( 120 )
9. Various
Picons Social ( 75 )
Free Photoshop Glass Shapes ( 12 )
Eiffel Tower Shapes ( 3 )
Abstract Shapes ( 4 )
Paint Edges ( 4 )
Water Drops Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 16 )
Paperclip Photoshop & Vector Shapes ( 7 )
Link ( Chain ) Photoshop Shapes Icons ( 2 )
S&T Vintage Shapes ( 4 )
Photoshop Custom Shapes Stars ( 7 )
10 . Military and Tech
US Army PS Vector Shapes ( 19 )
Star Trek Tech Custom Shapes ( 6 )
Half Life 2 Weapon Shapes ( 12 )
Rocket ( 21 )
Atom and Molecule Photoshop ( 12 )
11 . Horror
Free Splatter Custom Shapes ( 6 )
All Hallow ’s Eve ( 11 )
12 . Clocks
Clocks Photoshop Custom Shapes ( 12 )
Photoshop Square Clock Shapes ( 12 )
Photoshop Alarm Clock Shapes ( 9 )
If you ’re interested in learning more about the basics of custom shapes , how to load them , and how to create your own , try the following resources .
( al )
December 20 , 2008 at 12:34 Tags Articles , Pygame tutorial
This is part II of the " Writing a game in Python with Pygame " tutorial .
Welcome back
In the first part of this tutorial we 've created a simple simulation of " Creeps " - round creatures moving around the screen and bouncing off walls .
Not much of a game there , but a good start nonetheless .
In this part , we are going to extend this simulation , making it much more game - like .
It is not the final step , of course .
The final product of this part is still going to be far from a real , interesting game , but many useful game programming concepts will be introduced , and the simulation will definitely have much more feeling of a game in it .
Here 's a teaser screenshot of the final product of this part :
The code
The full code for this part can be downloaded from here .
As before , it is highly recommended to download it , run it and have it open in the editor while reading this tutorial .
Goals for this part
In this part I 'm going to cover : A prettier background for the game
Responding to user events
A more complex internal state for the creeps
Simple animation
Rendering text
So let 's get started .
Background
In the first part we 've just splashed a bucket of greenish swamp - like color onto the screen and called that a background .
Since we want the game to be a bit more appealing , this wo n't do any longer .
We 'll now tile a pretty background image onto the screen , and create a bounded " game field " for the creeps to roam in .
What is tiling , you ask ?
Tiling , in simple terms , is taking a small surface and repeating it in a pattern until a larger surface is covered .
In our case , we 'll take this image :
And tile it in a simple repeating - row pattern .
The code doing it is in the draw_background function : def draw_background ( screen , tile_img , field_rect ) : img_rect = tile_img.get_rect ( ) nrows = int ( screen.get_height ( ) / img_rect.height ) + 1 ncols = int ( screen.get_width( ) / img_rect.width ) + 1 for y in range ( nrows ) : for x in range ( ncols ) : img_rect.topleft = ( x * img_rect.width , y * img_rect.height ) screen.blit( tile_img , img_rect ) field_color = ( 109 , 41 , 1 ) draw_rimmed_box ( screen , field_rect , field_color , 4 , Color ( ' black ' ) )
The loop does the tiling .
The last line of the function creates the playing field - a dark - brown filled rectangle to which the creeps will be restricted .
The field is drawn using the utility function draw_rimmed_box - it 's very simple , and you can study it on your own .
In the game screenshot above you can also see another box with some text on the right .
This is drawn separately , and we 'll get to it soon enough .
Hey , you 've clicked me !
So far the only user event our game has responded to was closing closing the game window .
Not much interaction there , so we 'll pump it up .
Here 's the new event handler in our main loop : for event in pygame.event.get ( ) : if event. type == pygame .
QUIT : exit_game ( ) elif event .
type == pygame .
KEYDOWN : if event.key == pygame .
K_SPACE : paused = not paused elif ( event. type == pygame .
MOUSEBUTTONDOWN and pygame.mouse.get_pressed ( ) [ 0 ] ) : for creep in creeps : creep.mouse_click_event(pygame.mouse.get_pos ( ) )
A couple of things were added .
First , there 's a handler for the user 's pressing the space key on the keyboard .
This flips the " paused " state of the game - try it now .
The second handler is only slightly more complex .
When a left mouse button is clicked inside the application , each creep gets its mouse_click_event method called with the mouse click coordinates .
The idea is simple : creeps have health , and we can decrease their health by successfully clicking on them .
A health bar is drawn above each creep showing its health as a proportion of red to green ( click on some creeps to see their health decrease ) .
The implementation is also quite simple .
Here 's the mouse click handler of a creep : def mouse_click_event ( self , pos ) : " " " The mouse was clicked in pos . " " " if self ._point_is_inside(vec2d(pos ) ) : self ._decrease_health( 3 ) You see that when the click was found to be inside the creep , its health is decreased .
Let 's see how the click inside the creep is detected : def _point_is_inside ( self , point ) : " " " Is the point ( given as a vec2d ) inside our creep 's body ? " " " img_point = point - vec2d ( int ( self .pos .x - self .image_w / 2 ) , int ( self .pos.y - self .image_h / 2 ) ) try : pix = self .image.get_at( img_point ) return pix [
3 ] > 0 except IndexError : return False
This method detects if the click is inside the creep .
More specifically , inside the solid area of the creep 's image .
Clicking inside the creep 's bounding box but outside its body wo n't result in True .
Here 's how it 's done :
First , the click point is recomputed to be relatively to the creep 's image .
If the point is n't inside its image on the screen , there 's nothing to talk about .
If it is inside , we still do n't know if it's in the solid region .
For this purpose , the pixel at the point of the click is examined .
If the alpha constituent of the point is positive , this is part of the creep 's body .
Otherwise , it 's just part of its bounding box but outside the body ( see ) .
Drawing the health bars is very simple , and you should be able to understand the code of the draw method ( which replaces blitme from the code of part I ) that implements this .
Simple animation
What happens when the creep 's health goes down to 0 ?
I hope you 've already experimented with the game and saw it , but if you did n't , here 's a screenshot :
If you 've played with the game , however , you 've surely noticed that the explosion the creep undergoes is animated - it 's changing with time .
What is an animation ?
In its simplest form , it is a sequence of images that are drawn one after another in the same location , creating the appearance of movement .
It 's not unlike our creeps moving on the screen ( you can see the whole game as an animation , really ) , but for the sake of this part I 'm specifically referring to a static animation that stays in the same place .
The animation is implemented in the module simpleanimation .
py which you can find in the downloaded code package .
You can experiment with it by running it standalone ( the module uses Python 's if __name__ == " __main__ " feature to allow stand - alone running ) .
The code should be very simple to understand , because there 's nothing much to it .
The SimpleAnimation class receives a list of image objects and draws them to the screen with the given period and duration .
Note how the explosion is simulated by taking the same image , rotating it by 90 degrees and using SimpleAnimation to change the two in rapid succession .
Back in creeps.py , our creep uses SimpleAnimation to show its own explosion after its health has reached 0 : def _explode ( self ) : " " " Starts the explosion animation that ends the Creep 's life . " " " self .state = Creep.EXPLODING
pos = ( self .pos.x - self .explosion_images [ 0 ].get_width( ) / 2 , self .pos.y - self .explosion_images [ 0 ].get_height ( ) / 2 ) self .explode_animation = SimpleAnimation ( self . screen , pos , self .
explosion_images , 100 , 300 ) It 's very straightforward , really .
Creep state
The creeps of this part are much more complex than of part I .
They have health which can decrease , and they can explode and disappear .
To manage this complexity , we 're going to use a state machine .
What states can the creep be in ?
A normal state , when the creep is roaming around , an exploding state in which the creep is replaced by the explosion animation , and an inactive state , in which the creep no longer functions .
These are coded as follows : ( ALIVE , EXPLODING , DEAD ) = range ( 3 ) See the code of update for state management - the creep is updated differently , depending on which state it 's in .
The same is true for the draw method .
It 's a good idea now to search for self .
state throughout the code , taking note of where the state is modified , and where it is used .
Displaying textual information
When you run the game ( or in the large screenshot at the top of this part ) , you 'll see a simple scoreboard in the top right corner of the screen .
It counts the amount of active creeps on the screen , and will also display an exciting message when you 've killed all the creeps .
This display is implemented in the function draw_messageboard - study its code now , it should be quite simple to understand in conjunction with the docs .
Sprites and sprite Groups I hope you 've noticed that in both parts of the tutorial , the Creep class derives from pygame .
sprite .
Sprite .
Sprite is a utility class of Pygame that implements some useful common methods for managing the animated images that represent the actors of the game ( known in game programming jargon as sprites ) .
In the first part I did n't use any of its capabilities at all .
Here , I 'm using its capability of being collected into sprite Groups .
The list of creeps in the main function has now turned into a sprite group .
The cool thing is that whenever a sprite is added to a group , it keeps track of which groups it's in , so calling self . kill ( ) in a sprite causes it to be removed from all the groups and thus from the game .
The update method of Creep calls kill ( ) when the explosion has ended .
This way , the main loop does n't have to explicitly keep track of which sprites are active in the group - they do it themselves .
That said , I 'm still not sure I 'm going to use the full capabilities of Sprites .
For me , they 're just a guideline , not a must .
Perhaps I 'll find out later that my code can be structured better with them .
Or perhaps I 'll see I do n't need them at all .
We 'll see .
Wrapping up
All the goals stated in the beginning of this part were achieved , so that 's it , for now .
We 've turned the simplistic creeps simulation into something resembling a rudimentary game .
True , it 's more likely to pave your way to severe RSI than cause you any serious fun , but it 's a simple game nonetheless .
Not bad for just 450 lines of Python code !
In future parts of this tutorial , we 'll continue developing the code on our way to a real game , so stay tuned .
Oh , and give the exercises a go , I guarantee you they will make your understanding of the material much deeper .
Using the pretense of my pre-recount audit analysis I 've incorporated the initial recount returns into the regression mechanism .
For a more complete explanation of the process used , please refer to my initial post on the subject .
The following two graphs depict the number of votes gained or lost with respect to the total votes recorded for each precinct that has completed their recount .
Each dot represents the change between the originally certified result and the post recount tally in a given precinct with x number of total votes :
And the current functions used in conjunction with the regression :
Now again using those functions , the following two graphs further illustrate the regression interpolation .
The graph below illustrates the regression on precincts whose vote totals are less than 2,668 ; the largest precinct that has completed a recount .
The graph below goes further and fits the regression onto all 4,130 precincts statewide ; this forces 214,813 additional votes , that lie in precincts that surpass the 2,668 vote threshold , into the predetermined trend .
Using the previous two graphs , and the functions they represent , a projection can be made for the cases covered .
The first case simply includes precincts with 2,668 or less , while precincts above and beyond that figure are entirely ignored .
For each precinct , the total vote total is taken and applied to the listed function for each candidate .
The result is then added to that candidate 's sum , and the next precinct is calculated .
This process is done using precinct results from the final certification .
Coleman Gain : -407.600629299817 (+/- 2.4 ) Franken Gain : -194.977755790799 (+/- .62 ) Franken Net : 212.622873509018 (+/- 3.02 )
Franken nearly makes up the pre-recount deficit of 215 votes , while 214,813 votes are entirely ignored .
If those additional votes are applied to the process , Franken takes a decisive lead :
Coleman Gain : -540.336882632741 (+/- 4925 ) Franken Gain : -237.764374574729 (+/- 6342 ) Franken Net : 302.572508058013 (+/- 11267 )
As of right now ( 4:16 AM CT 11/20 ) , after 15.49 % of all votes have been recounted , Franken stands poised to become Minnesota 's next Senator .
Later today , after the second day of recounting is over , and the officially unofficial results are posted at the SOS site , I 'll post another article with the new data included in the analysis .
As each day goes by , the graphs , and projections should begin to converge .
If Franken gains another 40 votes throughout the upcoming day , Team Coleman is definitely in trouble .
The only way to find out is by counting the votes .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Aerial footage appears to show Los Angeles police beating a protester in their custody at a rally against the banning of same - sex marriage .
It was one of a handful of arrests connected to the demonstrations in West Hollywood , California .
Voters in California have chosen to ban same - sex marriage , months after it was legalised by the state 's top court .
photo © 2008 Donna H. Chiarelli
We are wishing everyone a joyous solstice today !
The winter solstice marks the shortest day and the longest night of the year .
The sun appears at its lowest point in the sky , and its noontime elevation appears to be the same for several days before and after the solstice .
Hence the origin of the word solstice , which comes from Latin solstitium , from sol , “ sun ” and - stitium , “ a stoppage . ”
Following the winter solstice , the days begin to grow longer and the nights shorter .
How wonderful !
More light .
Something to celebrate for sure .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Posted in Nature , Photography
A 50 - metre outcropping is seen from a ship as a Japanese ship sails , off the shore of Okinotori island , about 1,700 km ( 1,056 miles ) south of Tokyo and in the Pacific Ocean in this May 20 , 2005 file photo .
Asia -Pacific nations have agreed to cut their catches of bigeye tuna by 30 percent by 2011 in order to help preserve the fish that is popular in the region served raw as sushi and sashimi .
REUTERS / Issei Kato
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - Asia -Pacific nations have agreed to cut their catches of bigeye tuna by 30 percent by 2011 in order to help preserve the fish that is popular in the region served raw as sushi and sashimi .
The deal , announced late on Friday , calls on the 25 members of the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Commission to implement cuts of 10 percent a year on bigeye tuna from 2009 to 2011 .
The group met this week in the South Korean city of Busan .
The group , which includes South Korea , Japan and the United States , also agreed to place limits on the fishing season and ban fishing of bigeye tuna in international waters , according to a summary of the meeting provided by South Korea ’s fisheries agency on Saturday .
Western and Central Pacific tuna stocks are the largest in the world and account for more than half the tuna consumed .
A decline in bluefin stocks has increased demand for bigeye tuna , which is fished in the Indian and Atlantic oceans and the Western and Central Pacific .
Worldwide stocks of bigeye tuna , a prime source for Japanese restaurants serving sushi and sashimi around the world , are on the verge of collapse from overfishing , conservationists say .
In November , the European Union and nations such as Russia , Japan and South Korea that fish the Atlantic and Mediterranean , cut bluefin tuna quotas by 30 percent to 19,950 tonnes in 2010 .
Ask chef Jose Andres to describe the flavor of Spain , and he erupts in an impromptu ode to his homeland :
“ Spanish food will taste like the beautiful smell of the seaside when the water is heating the rocks and you have this perfume of sea salt .
Spain will taste like that , ” says the restaurateur and host of PBS ’s “ Made in Spain . ”
But he ’s just getting started .
“ I could even argue that Spain would smell , not like heavy smoke , but the smell and taste of the forest with the humidity and a touch of smoke in the air , ” Andres muses as he shops the Penn Quarter farmers market in Washington , D.C. , for his restaurant , Minibar .
“ And , I would say it smells of history , like beautiful old cookbooks . ”
Despite its integral role in the early history of the New World ( remember the Niña , the Pinta and the Santa Maria ? ) , Spain , for many Americans , might as well be an undiscovered country .
Andres aims to change that .
He currently shares the PBS schedule with Mario Batali , best - known for his Italian - themed restaurants , books and television shows .
Batali’s “ Spain . . .
On the Road Again , ” pairs him with Oscar winner Gwyneth Paltrow , New York Times writer Mark Bittman and Spanish actress Claudia Bassols as they gallivant around the Iberian Peninsula , drinking , eating and looking beautiful ( the women , anyway ) .
Although they both celebrate the foods of the Iberian Peninsula , the shows differ in tone .
The Batali -Paltrow show feels a little like hanging out with the popular kids in high school , except the bus is a Mercedes Benz and the cafeteria is a Galician vineyard .
Lest the viewer think this is a beautifully filmed exercise in vanity , both Batali and Paltrow lived in Spain as teenagers and their return road trip is a homecoming of sorts .
Their delight , along with Bittman ’s role as resident gruñon ( grouch ) and Bassols ’ gusto tempers the feeling that the viewer has intruded on an exclusive vacation .
It ’s tempting to set up a rivalry between the two shows , but neither host will bite .
In fact , Batali celebrated his birthday at Andres ’ six - seat Minibar recently .
“ Jose has the passion and the ability to translate to the home cook in his show , ” says Batali by cellphone from an airport ( on his way to play golf with Tiger Woods — seriously ) .
“ Both of them are going to succeed . ”
Andres the Spaniard agrees , but makes it clear that he got there first .
“ My show started airing in February , ” says Andres , who spent nearly three years shooting his show , which is in its second season now .
“ We were in different seasons waiting for saffron to open , waiting for the tuna to come or for the harvest of olive oil .
Probably for a cooking show we were very ambitious . ”
Ambition and a sincere desire to share his native cuisine has propelled Andres ’ career since he crossed the Atlantic 19 years ago to work in New York after a stint with the famed innovator Ferran Adriu at elBulli in northeastern Spain .
With a successful television career in Spain , five restaurants in Washington , D.C. , and The Bazaar in the new SLS Hotel opening in Beverly Hills this month , Andres still has a sense of mission about his work .
“ My wife said , ‘ You can go to Spain and be a TV boy or go to America and use TV to spread your message . ’
It ’s the ultimate way to tell the story of my country through cooking , and not only in the kitchen .
It ’s about how powerful Spanish gastronomy is , town by town , product by product .
What I wanted to do was to plant the seeds and make people want to know more . ”
Both shows aim to pique viewers ’ interest in traveling to Spain , as they are sponsored in part by the Spanish tourism office .
And they ’re sure to stimulate interest in exploring Spanish flavors here at home .
Something about the landscape inspires the poet in Batali too .
“ Things that grow together go together , ” he says as he grills rosemary - and lavender - seasoned lamb chops over grapevine clippings at Valdubon Vineyard in one episode .
“ Everything about this whole dinner is from 250 yards from here .
That is poetry on the planet . ”
Batali , best - known for his Italian repertoire , says Spanish food shares the region ’s cultural and geographic roots .
“ It ’s similar in its Mediterranean - ness to Italian , Greek and southern French food .
They just rely on rice more than pasta .
Spanish food has a smokier flavor .
Olives and olive oil .
Almost more of the soil , that ’s what distinguishes it from Italy . ”
Kristen Browning - Blas : 303-954-1440 or kbrowning@denverpost.com
Local Spanish tastes
For the closest Denver comes to Spain , try The Ninth Door , a tiny LoDo restaurant that knows the meaning of tapas .
Chef Kevin Marquet imports many of his ingredients straight from Spain , including the olives , almonds , chorizo , goat and sheep cheeses , and serrano ham .
“ The serrano is similar to prosciutto — it ’s salt - cured for a year , ” says the chef .
“ I put it in quite a few of my dishes .
And we use a lot of pimenton , or paprika .
We have a smoked one and a spicy one . ”
When partners William Kennedy , Dan Woodward and Pat Henry opened the restaurant about three years ago , they asked David Huertas , chef at El Meson in Santa Fe , for advice .
“ He said everybody ’s doing fusion , so you should stay traditional .
People might not get it at first , but they will , ” says Kennedy .
Chef Marquet gets it , and says Denver diners do , too .
“ Spanish food has very simple flavors , you do n’t want to mess with it too much . ”
The Ninth Door , 1808 Blake St. , 303-292-2229
Tapas and more
Rioja , 1431 Larimer St. , 303-820-2282 .
This Mediterranean restaurant features Spanish flavors such as orange - garlic marinated olives , sheep ’s milk cheeses and sangría .
Baca , Inverness Hotel , 200 Inverness West Drive , Englewood , 303-397-7222 .
Spanish - inspired Colorado cuisine : chorizo potatoes , tomato - rubbed toast with serrano ham , and Catalan flatbread with morcilla sausage and smoked pepper sauce .
Solera , 5410 E. Colfax Ave. , 303-388-8429 .
Warm neighborhood restaurant with wine tastings ( often Spanish wines ) 5 to 7 p.m. Wednesdays .
Appetizers include Spanish cured meats , Manchego cheese with membrillo and marcona almonds .
Also : paella with mussels , clams , chorizo and saffron rice .
The Mediterranean , 1002 Walnut St. , Boulder ,303-444-5335 .
Extensive hot and cold tapas , paella and steamed mussels in a pan-Mediterranean menu .
Kristen Browning - Blas
Spain on the small screen
“ Made in Spain ” and “ Spain … On The Road Again ” air on KRMA Channel 6 and KBDI Channel 12 .
CHANNEL 12
“ Made in Spain : Surf and Turf ”
3:30 p.m. Friday
Jose Andres turns Spain ’s sparkling wine , cava , into a light dressing for oysters and a refreshing mimosa cocktail .
Also : mushroom hunting in the Catalan mountains , pork sausage with wild mushrooms , fishing for shrimp , and Catalan seafood .
“ Made in Spain : Earth , Wind and Fire ”
3:30 p.m. Sunday
Basque cheese , red and white wines , and baby squid with caramelized onions .
“ Spain … On The Road Again : From the Sublime to the Surreal ”
6 p.m. Saturday
REM ’s Michael Stipe joins the trip .
Barcelona ’s La Boqueria market .
A 3 - star Michelin kitchen .
Historic Jewish Quarter in Girona .
Dalí museum .
Cooking Catalunya ’s seafood at culinary hot spot Roses .
“ Spain … On The Road Again : A Sultan ’s View of Andalucía ”
9 p.m. Monday
Moorish history at the Alhambra , the legendary hilltop palace in Granada , the Andalucían coast and Cordoba .
CHANNEL 6
“ Made in Spain : Seas of Delicacies ”
1:30 p.m. Saturday
“ Spain … On the Road Again : Rockstar Surprise in Catalunya ”
6 p.m. Sunday
Spain Cookbooks
“ Spain : A Culinary Road Trip , ” by Mario Batali with Gwyneth Paltrow .
Recipes and postcards from the TV series .
“ Made in Spain : Spanish Dishes for the American Kitchen , ” by Jose Andres with Richard Wolffe .
Recipes and helpful tips from the series .
“ A Day at elBulli , ” by Ferran Adriu .
528 pages dedicated to photos of one day at the “ best restaurant in the world . ”
“ Cooking from the Heart of Spain : Food of La Mancha , ” by Janet Mendel .
In in - depth look at the Moorish and Sephardic roots of Manchegan food .
“ The New Spanish Table : 300 recipes of spain in all its glory , ” by Anya von Bremzen .
Tapas bars of Madrid to Mediterranean paella shacks .
“ Spain and the World Table , ” by the Culinary Institute of America .
From the 2006 conference on Spanish cuisine .
“ The Basque Table : Passionate Home Cooking from Spain ’s Most Celebrated Cuisine , ” by Teresa Barrenechea .
Foods from the Pyrenees .
“ 1080 Recipes , ” by Simone and Ines Ortega .
Spain ’s “ Joy of Cooking . ”
Vuze , formerly known as Azureus , will soon launch version 4.0 of their BitTorrent client .
Inspired by feedback from users , the user interface has been completely revamped .
The client itself seems to move towards an all - in - one solution , with built in search and a built in media player .
The first version of the Java based BitTorrent client Azureus was more than 5 years ago , and a lot of things have changed since then .
Azureus was renamed to Zudeo , and later to Vuze .
Backed by millions of dollars in venture capital the company launched its own distribution platform , which alienated some of its early users .
With the latest release , 4.0 , Vuze once again introduces quite a few changes .
The difference this time is that they emphasize more on the BitTorrent experience than their Vuze Network .
The UI is more lightweight , less cluttered , and should appeal to both novices and hardcore BitTorrent users ( old UI is still supported ) .
The most interesting change they made is to include BitTorrent search in the application .
This allows users to search all their favorite BitTorrent sites from within the application .
Mininova and BTjunkie are included by default , but any site can be added to the search , including private BitTorrent trackers .
We had the chance to discuss some of the major updates to the client with Vuze CEO , Gilles BianRosa .
TF : What was the reason to update the user interface of the client , and how is this new release an improvement to its predecessors ?
Gilles :
Our new UI has been directly inspired by the feedback of our users , who told us loud and clear that our previous UI was confusing and a little schizophrenic — with core torrent functionality they loved , and new features bolted on in odd places .
So we ’ve done a few things .
First and foremost , we ’ve tried to have the application reflect our core functionality , and that ’s what you ’ll see across the top of the global toolbar : Find , Download , and Play .
Second , you ’ll see an intuitive left - nav framework that users have responded to extremely well , since it provides direct and persistent access to all of the product features .
And finally , you ’ll see improved category navigation within the Vuze HD Network , to enable our users to browse directly to the type of content that interests them .
Vuze search results
In terms of functionality , there are two key things users will appreciate in this release .
First , there ’s the new subscriptions , and second , there ’s now private tracker login support for the meta - search functionality that we launched back in June .
TF : How do these new subcriptions work , and how are they different from the regular RSS feature most BitTorrent clients have ?
Gilles :
The new subscription feature enables users to request that specific content be sent to them automatically .
Just click the orange Subscriptions button associated to content in your Library .
You can set your subscriptions to download automatically , or simply to notify you when new items are available .
The big innovation here is that these subscriptions are initially created by users ( usually power users ) and then made available to everyone .
This removes entirely the complexity associated with RSS for torrents , which tend to return lots of unwanted or duplicate results .
Just click Subscribe !
TF : The latest release seems to offer an “ all in one ” solution where users can search , download and play content .
Do you believe this approach will appeal to both advanced and new users ?
Gilles :
For the uninitiated , the BitTorrent ecosystem is a confusing one .
In order to get up and running , a person has to find a tracker site , choose and download a torrent client , download a video player , and then figure out how each one works and how they all work together .
For the new user who is n’t shown how it works , it ’s almost impossible to figure out .
So , for new users , we ’ve created an all - in - one BitTorrent client , that enables them to Find , Download , and Play high quality and HD content , all in one easy - to - use application .
We think advanced users will like it too , since Vuze has all of the features it ’s known for , plus some great new functionality like torrent meta - search with support for private trackers , and Subscriptions .
As we ’ve user tested the new Vuze , new and advanced users have found the all - in - one functionality to be both intuitive and powerful .
TF : You said before that you listened to feedback from users .
How has this helped to develop the client ?
Gilles :
This release has been directly inspired by feedback from users .
We ’ve surveyed our users in multiple ways , talked with them on the phone , and watched them as they used the last version of Vuze client , as well as prototypes for this new one .
We ’ve talked to power users , casual users , and non-users .
All of that is reflected in this release .
That said , this release is just a foundation for the great things we ’ve got in the development pipeline .
Vuze was scheduled to be launched today , but the release has been postponed for 48 hours .
Torrent Freak readers who want to play around with an unofficial early release can grab it from Vuze ( Win / Mac ) .
Virginia ( TGW ) – Researchers at the University of Virginia are creating solar cells with tiny nanoscale surface textures using lasers making the cells cheaper and more efficient .
Current solar cells reflect about 30 % of the light that hits them – the tiny nanoscale textures will reduce that number to about 1 % over the entire solar spectrum and irrespective of the angle at which sunlight strikes the cell .
The use of lasers could also lower manufacturing costs .
Because lasers are already used in the manufacturing of solar cells , the texturing process can be automated , eliminating the need for dangerous chemical treatments currently used to reduce reflectance .
The 30 % reflective efficiency gain could lead to a 2 to 3 % overall efficiency gain .
Via :: Alternative Energy Info :: Press Release
( CNN ) --
A candidate for the Republican National Committee chairmanship said Friday the CD he sent committee members for Christmas -- which included a song titled " Barack the Magic Negro " -- was clearly intended as a joke .
The title of the song about President - elect Barack Obama was drawn from a Los Angeles Times column .
" I think most people recognize political satire when they see it , " Tennessee Republican Chip Saltsman told CNN .
" I think RNC members understand that . "
The song , set to the tune of " Puff the Magic Dragon , " was first played on conservative political commentator Rush Limbaugh 's radio show in 2007 .
Its title was drawn from a Los Angeles Times column that suggested President - elect Barack Obama appealed to those who feel guilty about the nation 's history of mistreatment of African - Americans .
Saltsman said the song , penned by his longtime friend Paul Shanklin , should be easily recognized as satire directed at the Times .
The CD sent to RNC members , first reported by The Hill on Friday , is titled " We Hate the USA " and also includes songs referencing former presidential candidate John Edwards and the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , among other targets .
According to The Hill , other song titles , some of which were in bold font , were : " John Edwards ' Poverty Tour , " " Wright place , wrong pastor , " " Love Client # 9 , " " Ivory and Ebony " and " The Star Spanglish Banner . "
Saltsman was national campaign manager for former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's presidential bid in 2007 and 2008 .
Before that , he held a variety of posts , including a number of positions under former Sen. Bill Frist of Tennessee .
All About Republican National Committee • Barack Obama
A self proclaimed otaku kickboxer , 長島☆自演乙☆雄一郎 / Yuichiro Jienotsu Nagashima , has won a crushing victory at a major Japanese kickboxing championship , receiving the champion ’s belt ; he entered the ring cosplaying Hatsune Miku , and has on previous occasions appeared variously as Haruhi and a Sailor Moon character .
The event Nagashima triumphed at was none other than “ Start of New Legend XIII ” , held by the New Japan Kickboxing Federation – his entry was for the super welter weight competition .
His impressive victory was comprised of 11 bouts , all of which he won , and with seven of the victories being KOs .
As you can see , his Hatsune Miku costume is actually rather good , beating even hopeful lady Miku cosplayers .
The fight in question :
Unsurprisingly , though nonetheless disappointingly , the ota - boxer did not fight in costume – this is doubtless unavoidable if we consider the problems inherent in cosplay boxing , though surely there is an untapped niche there .
His supporters distinguish themselves by cheering him with cries of “ 乙 ” , otsu , 2 chan slang for “ otsukaresama ” , or well done .
Indeed , he seems quite the 2channer , enthusiastically employing a variety of specialist 2ch language .
Via Itai News .
You can also visit his rather effete blog .
Wednesday , 12 Nov , 2008 Science
A pretty face might seem to attract everyone .
However , scientists discovered that fertile women rate women with attractive looks much lower than women who entered menopause .
It must be all about competition , researchers say .
The study carried out by scientists at Aberdeen University , UK , attempted to analyze how fertility alters competition for mates within sexes .
It would be interesting to note that previously scientists performed studies aimed to analyze the way fertility influenced women 's preferences for men's faces , bodies and voices .
The study 's lead researcher Benedict Jones , who works as a psychologist at Aberdeen University , UK , and his team , analyzed 97 pre- and post - menopausal middle - aged women , who were shown images of men and women .
Pictures were digitally manipulated , adding more masculine or feminine features .
The software used by researchers systematically enhances male characteristics , such as for example wide jaw and heavy brow .
Among female features the software uses such attributes as wider eyes and eyebrows that are somewhat arched .
" It 's not going into Photoshop and mucking about to make the jaw a few pixels wider and the eyes a few pixels bigger , " said Jones .
Women aged between 40 and 64 then had to choose between masculinized and feminized types of 40 men and women .
Both , menopausal and pre-menopausal women picked men with more masculine features .
However , the choices split when women were shown pictures of other women .
Women of childbearing age have chosen images of women with less attractive faces while the other category of women picked images of women with more attractive appearance .
Scientists say that the best explanation for this is competition .
" It 's quite well established that as women go through menopause they shift from a mating - oriented mindset to more family - oriented mindset , " said the lead researcher .
According to Mark Prokosch , an evolutionary psychologist at Elon University in North Carolina , this study is an important first step in understanding how fertility influences women .
At the same time Prokosch is not fully convinced that rating other women represents the most objective method to capture sexual rivalry among women .
" It 's still a question of whether rating a face as being less attractive equates to this heightened sense of competition , " said the psychologist .
A slightly simplified version of the software used by the researchers in their study is available here .
Senate legend Robert Byrd said he would voluntarily give up the chairmanship of the Senate Appropriations Committee with the new Congress .
Byrd will voluntarily give up chairmanship
Senate legend Robert Byrd , approaching 91 this month and hailing a “ new day in Washington , ” said he would voluntarily give up the chairmanship of the Senate Appropriations Committee with the new Congress .
“ To everything there is a season and a time for every purpose under heaven , ” said Byrd , who had fended off earlier challenges this past spring and summer .
“ Those Biblical words from Ecclesiastes 3:1 express my feelings about this particular time in my life .
Advertisement
“ I have been privileged to be a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee for 50 years and to have chaired the committee for ten years , during a time of enormous change in our great country , both culturally and politically , ” Byrd continued in a statement released by his office .
“ I have learned that nothing is quite so permanent as change .
It is simply a part of living and should not be feared . ”
Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D - Hawaii ) , who is 84 , will take over for Byrd on the powerful panel , which oversees hundreds of billions of dollars annually in federal spending .
Byrd will officially hand off the gavel on Jan. 6 , 2009 .
Byrd ’s announcement today provides a graceful ending for him and Democrats to what had become an increasingly tense situation over his ability to manage the panel given his age and failing health .
After protecting Byrd earlier this year from calls for his ouster , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) had been prepared to force the issue , when the party met to organize for the 111th Congress this month , but had always hoped that the chairman would first act voluntarily without being pushed .
This is what happened , Byrd ’s staff told Politico , and it is a rare act , in fact , since elderly chairmen are often famously resistant to giving up power in such situations .
The late Rep. Jamie Lee Whitten ( D - Miss. ) fought efforts to replace him as House Appropriations Committee chairman in the early 1990s , and 82 - year - old Rep. John Dingell ( D - Mich . ) is campaigning to keep his job as the chairman of the powerful Energy and Commerce panel .
“ My Democratic colleagues and I accept his decision with tremendous gratitude for his outstanding tenure as chairman , ” Reid said in a Friday afternoon statement .
“ When the 111th Senate commences work in January , Senator Daniel Inouye will be the new Chairman of the Appropriations Committee .
There is no question that Sen .
Byrd ’s decision was eased by the knowledge that the gavel will continue to be in such capable hands . ”
Inouye told Reid recently that he wanted to take over the committee , after giving mixed signals last year when the issue of ousting Byrd was first raised .
Inouye ’s willingness to take up the gavel is seen as critical in Reid ’s decision in pushing Byrd to step down .
In a brief statement Friday night , Inouye said he was “ humbled ” by Byrd ’s recommendation that he succeed him as chairman and only hoped “ that I am sufficiently prepared to succeed my mentor who has assisted and guided me over the past 30 years . ”
In fact since he has been on the panel since 1971 , few doubt Inouye needs more schooling .
And much as he was careful to defer to the full Democratic caucus which must officially decide on the chairmanships , Byrd and Reid ’s blessing should seal the matter .
But Inouye has attracted some private criticism from his Democratic colleagues in recent weeks over his public supported for now - convicted Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - Alaska . ) .
Inouye testified at Stevens ’ public corruption trial , and he released a statement just two days before Election Day saying he would seek to block Stevens ’ expulsion from the Senate if a resolution was brought to the floor .
Inouye and Stevens have served together in the Senate for decades , and the two World War II veterans call each “ brother , ” their relationship is that close .
Inouye ’s ascension to the chairmanship of the Appropriations Committee will set off a chain - reaction among other Senate panels .
Inouye currently chairs the Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee but will have to give up that post .
Sen. John D. Rockefeller ( D - W.Va . ) is next in line on Commerce and could take over as chairman .
If Rockefeller takes the Commerce gavel , that means he has to give up his chairmanship of the Intelligence Committee .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) is next in line on that committee , and Democratic sources said she is interested in becoming chairwoman .
Rockefeller ’s office would not comment on his future plans .
Feinstein , for her part , chairs the Rules and Administration Committee , and would have to give it up .
Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) could end up as chairman of that panel , since the other senators who are more senior to him there already wield gavels on other committees .
Byrd will remain a member of the Appropriations Committee and expressed hope that he will continue to chair the Homeland Security subcommittee .
In making his announcement , Byrd had kind words for Barack Obama .
“ To be serving in the Senate at such a momentous time in our history fills me with enormous pride , ” Byrd said .
“ I endorsed President - elect Obama because I believed that we had taken the wrong course both at home and abroad .
I am delighted with his victory .
I was an early critic of the war in Iraq , as was the president - elect , who decried this war even before he was running for a United States Senate seat .
I wish our new president every success with his commitment to unite us as one people . "
In addition , Byrd will remain president pro tempore of the Senate by virtue of his seniority as the longest serving Democrat .
That will mean he still remains third in line for the presidency , behind the vice president and speaker of the House .
Byrd was famous for his ability to steer billions of dollars in federal spending back to West Virginia , and he has never apologized for his willingness to do so , calling that a critical job for senators and members .
But with a new Congress and a new administration , Byrd says he is ready to move on .
“ A new day has dawned in Washington , and that is a good thing .
For my part , I believe that it is time for a new day at the top of the Senate Appropriations Committee , ” Byrd said .
Tributes and praise for Byrd , a towering figure among his colleagues , began to pour in as soon as he announced his decision .
“ Robert C. Byrd is my friend .
He is an absolute giant of the Senate – he is a living legend whose 50 years of dedicated and passionate service on the Appropriations Committee has been invaluable to our country and our state , ” Rockefeller said in a statement .
“ Senator Byrd taught me , from my very first day in the Senate , that no one person is bigger or more important that the Senate as a whole , ” added Sen. Patty Murray ( D - Wash . ) .
Murray had taken over as floor manager for appropriations bills during the last two years as Byrd ’s health deteriorated .
“ Senator Byrd has always put the Constitution and the Senate ahead of himself .
Today is just one more example of that legendary affection for the Senate .
Byrd is famed for his eloquence on the floor , as well as fierce defense of the traditions and prerogatives of the “ World ’s Greatest Deliberative Body . ”
This is not some embattled lawmaker who needs every last inch of turf .
Byrd is a genuine historic figure who led Democrats for years , wrote Senate histories himself and drew a worldwide Internet audience of millions with his speeches on the Iraq war .
He has already walked the Senate floor longer than any senator in U.S. history and will still command an audience without the chairmanship .
And in ceding the gavel to Inouye , there is a certain justice since the Hawaii Democrat has been loyal to him for years in the Democratic leadership and on the committee .
And in a sense , it is a very Byrd - like move to step aside in favor of Inouye .
After all , Inouye served with Byrd in the leadership for years , only to lose out when he tried to move up after Byrd stepped down as majority leader in 1988 to take the Appropriations Committee post .
In doing so , Byrd stepped in front of Inouye , who would have otherwise succeeded then - Appropriations Chairman John Stennis ( D - Miss. ) , and at 84 , he has waited a long time for some time at the helm .
MARIANNA , Florida ( CNN ) --
Leaning against his cane , Bryant Middleton shuffled toward the makeshift cemetery .
Tears welled in his eyes as he leaned down to touch one of the crosses .
Bryant Middleton kneels by a row of white crosses on the grounds of a former reform school he attended .
more photos »
" This should n't be , " he said .
" This should n't be . "
Thirty - one crosses made of tubular steel and painted white line up unevenly in the grass and weeds of what used to be the grounds of a reform school in Marianna , Florida .
The anonymous crosses are rusting away but their secrets may soon be exposed .
When boys disappeared from the school , administrators explained it away , said former student Roger Kiser .
They 'd say , " Well , he ran away and the swamp got him , " Kiser recalled .
Or , " The gators got him . "
Or , ' Water moccasins got him . "
Kiser and other former students believe authorities will soon find the remains of children and teens sent to the Florida School for Boys half a century ago .
Watch Middleton kneel by the crosses »
On the orders of Gov. Charlie Crist , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement last week opened an investigation to determine if anyone is buried here , whether crimes were committed , and if so , who was responsible .
A group of men in their 60s , who once attended the school , have told investigators they believe the bodies are classmates who disappeared after being savagely beaten by administrators and workers .
The FDLE is just beginning its investigation , so there is no way to know if there is any truth to the allegations .
The investigation will be challenging .
Finding records and witnesses from nearly half a century ago will be difficult if not impossible .
Many of the administrators and employees of the reform school are dead .
Read more about the investigation
Middleton is 64 now , a former Army Ranger .
He was 14 then , a wayward boy .
He was sent to the Florida School for Boys for breaking and entering .
He recently accompanied CNN to the school grounds .
" This is a travesty against mankind and the state of Florida should be ashamed of themselves , " he said , choking back tears .
" It 's as if they were tossed out here like they were nothing but garbage .
And it 's just downright criminal .
Somebody needs to be accountable for this . "
A single - story , nondescript building anchors the other side of the property .
The white cinder block structure looks so simple , so bland , that it is difficult to imagine the pain , terror and torture it conjures up in the men who say their childhoods were ravaged within its four walls .
The building was known as " the white house . "
Watch a former student return to the building »
Middleton said he was brought there six times .
He recalled that his tormentors , including one known as " the whipper , " would turn on a large industrial fan to muffle the screams of the boys who were beaten with long leather straps , reinforced with metal .
See photos from Middleton 's reform school days »
Dick Colon said he went to the white house 11 times during his 30 months at the school .
He 's one of four men known as " the White House Boys . "
Colon , Kiser , Robert Straley and Michael O'McCarthy , the original four White House Boys , spoke out about the 31 crosses and their boyhood abuse and pushed for an investigation .
Colon recalls his visits to the white house as if they were yesterday :
Do n't Miss Reform school probe ordered
He said he was forced to lie face down in a blood - soaked pillow -- a pillow with small pieces of lips , tongue and skin on it from the previous boy .
He 'd clench the metal bar of the bed .
The ceilings were low .
He would hear the strap hit the ceiling and make a " tick " sound before it swung down on him .
" After that tick , you 'd go ' Aaaahh , ' and then you 'd grab that bar , and go ' Ooooohhhhhhh , ' and the spindles of the bed would bounce , and sometimes the bed would come off the ground , " Colon told CNN .
Watch Colon 's face contort as he relives the beatings »
Kiser , a fellow White House Boy , said the beatings provided entertainment for the guards and administrators .
" There were bets , and money changed hands on who could draw blood on the first blow , " he said .
He recalled his reaction when he went into a bathroom to clean up after enduring another beating .
" I looked up into that mirror and I just screamed , " he said .
" I just saw this monster .
I could n't even tell who I was . "
Colon said his reaction was to bury the pain inside .
He told a story about how another boy 's terror left him wrestling with his own best and worst instincts even to this day .
He walked into the school 's laundry room one day and saw a black teenager inside a large tumble dryer that was running .
He wanted to save the boy , and tried to talk himself into being brave .
" I said , ' Do it !
Do it !
Do it ! ' " he recalled , his eyes beginning to tear .
" And then I thought to myself , ' If you do it , they 're gonna put you in there .
You 're gonna be next . '
And I walked away . "
After a long , tearful pause , Colon continued .
" I 've been married to my wife for 42 years , and never told her , " he said , wiping tears away with a handkerchief .
" I do n't know how often in a week I think about that . "
" A chicken s--- , I was , " he sobbed .
Still , Colon 's is ultimately a success story .
At the reform school , he studied to be an electrician and now owns a multimillion - dollar company in Baltimore , Maryland .
Colon founded a scholarship fund for high achievers at the very same school that haunts his memories .
It is called the Arthur Dozier School for Boys , and Colon returns every year to talk to the students about hope and hard work .
" They need to know they can do things and have a future , " he said .
" Many just accept that they will be in prison someday . "
All About Florida Department of Law Enforcement • Charlie Crist
As their economy slides , America ’s policymakers are turning to unconventional devices .
Our first article looks at the bold new steps taken this week by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury .
Our second examines policy in Europe
Illustration by James Fryer
THE Federal Reserve 's interest - rate target is at 1 % .
The recession is deepening .
And the question is being asked repeatedly : when will America 's economic policymakers start using truly unconventional measures to stimulate the economy ?
The answer is that they already have .
Without making any formal declaration , since early September the Fed has expanded its balance - sheet rapidly to counter the credit crunch .
Under the guise of successive new programmes , each with a less memorable acronym than the last , the Fed is substituting its balance - sheet for that of the contracting private financial system to keep the American economy from being starved of credit .
This week the central bank and the Treasury unveiled their latest big initiatives .
America 's financial system is undergoing a radical reassessment of what are acceptable levels of capital , leverage and interest rates .
Some institutions have failed ; those that have not are intent on reducing their leverage ( ie , their volume of loans for each dollar of capital ) .
The Fed has no hope of stopping this : it is merely trying to slow it down , by providing a home for the assets that the financial sector is shedding .
The alternative would be plunging asset values , a complete withdrawal of credit and economic catastrophe .
Ben Bernanke , the chairman of the Fed , has repeatedly promised to use “ all of the powers at our disposal ” to get credit flowing again .
This week 's initiatives are another demonstration of what he means .
The Fed and the Treasury agreed to guarantee $ 306 billion - worth of assets belonging to Citigroup ( see article ) .
They then created a $ 200 billion facility to purchase asset - backed securities .
Most radically , the Fed promised to buy up to $ 500 billion - worth of mortgage - backed securities ( MBSs ) guaranteed by government - sponsored enterprises ( GSEs ) , including the now nationalised mortgage agencies , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , and up to $ 100 billion - worth of their direct debt .
The effect was immediate : yields on the securities plunged by 40 basis points , and the 30 - year mortgage rate fell from a shade over 6 % to 5.8 % .
Paying the Fed
The MBS purchases are significant ; for the first time they turn the Fed into a direct lender to consumers .
Many homeowners , though they do not know it , will be sending their monthly mortgage payments to the Fed .
The Fed will finance these programmes with newly created reserves : that is , it will print money .
Its balance - sheet , which has ballooned from $ 900 billion to $ 2.2 trillion since August , could grow by another $ 800 billion , making it a larger lender than any commercial bank .
It is tempting to look to Japan for a map of where the Fed may be heading next .
Faced with sinking asset prices , insolvent banks , moribund growth and deflation , the Bank of Japan ( BoJ ) eventually lowered its policy rate to zero in 1999 .
In 2001 it announced “ quantitative easing ” : through large - scale purchases of government bonds , it would fill the banks with excess reserves that it hoped they would lend out , stimulating loan growth .
These routes are open to the Fed .
It could cut its federal funds rate target from 1 % to zero , though that would make it hard for some parts of the money market to function .
It may not do much good , since the actual funds rate is already trading well below the target .
To give it more impact , the Fed could commit itself to keeping the funds rate at zero for some time or until the economy or inflation meet some predetermined conditions .
Such a commitment could drag down long - term Treasury - bond yields .
Academics have concluded that Japan 's quantitative easing had little benefit except to buttress expectations that its policy rate would be zero for a long time .
Alternatively , the Fed could target long - term rates via purchases of Treasuries , as it did from 1942 to 1951 .
That strategy could gain in appeal if big government deficits start to press bond yields higher .
Yet these options are not the most appealing for the Fed .
The reason is that while it , like the BoJ , is now involved in a form of quantitative easing , it is doing so with completely different goals and in a very different environment .
One way to see this is to compare Japan in April 1995 , when the BoJ 's policy rate was 1 % , with America in October ( see chart 1 ) .
Core inflation was slightly negative in Japan at the time , against 2.2 % in America last month .
That means real interest rates were significantly higher and conventional monetary policy less stimulative in Japan than in America today , says Tom Gallagher of ISI Group , a broker - dealer , who made the comparison .
Frozen by fear
Where America fares worse is in credit conditions .
In 1995 Japanese corporate - bond yields were just 16 basis points higher than government - bond yields ; the spread in America last month was 350 basis points .
In a nutshell , Japan 's problem was deflation and moribund investment ; America 's is rising fear of default , illiquidity and the need of so many lenders to reduce leverage , which collectively are choking off private credit and blunting conventional monetary policy .
Although the federal funds rate target is far below the 5.25 % of last summer , mortgage rates are only a little lower ( see chart 2 ) .
Corporate borrowing rates are much higher .
The change in the perception of credit risk since the crisis began is similar to the change in the perception of terrorism risk after September 11th 2001 .
What investors once deemed safe levels of capital and liquidity they now consider dangerously thin .
Before , banks “ had just - in - time capital available , just - in - time funding … a lot of liquidity , ” Vikram Pandit , Citigroup 's chief executive , said this week , “ We 've gone from that to , if you really need sizeable funding , you have got to go to a central bank .
If you need to raise a lot of debt , you need an FDIC guarantee . ”
( The FDIC , or Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , is a bank regulator . )
Citi's assets , which peaked at $ 2.4 trillion a year ago , were down to a little over $ 2 trillion by the end of September .
With the Treasury 's injection of equity this past week , Citigroup 's core capital is now almost 15 % of total assets , once an astronomically high ratio but one that many banks will now be expected to attain .
The pressure on investment banks to reduce leverage is even greater , because they rely more on fickle wholesale funding and less on stable , federally insured deposits .
As a firm that depended heavily on proprietary trading and underwriting , Morgan Stanley boasted $ 33 of assets for each dollar of capital a year ago .
By the end of October , the leverage ratio was below 16 , according to the company .
To get it there it both raised new capital ( from sources including the federal government ) and shrank its balance - sheet , to “ significantly less ” than $ 800 billion by the end of October from more than $ 1 trillion in May .
“ Clearly we 're in a world of reduced leverage , ” Colm Kelleher , the firm 's chief financial officer , told investors recently .
The deleveraging of firms like Morgan Stanley and Citigroup creates problems for borrowers throughout the economy because the yields on the assets they sell rise .
Borrowers must fight for a shrinking supply of new credit .
Those that get it must pay far more .
The rest cancel investments , lay off employees and hoard cash .
Initially Mr Bernanke sought to ease the pressure to deleverage by offering to finance banks ' holdings of illiquid securities on easy terms .
But investors began to question the ability of bank capital to withstand a wave of recession - related defaults .
The Treasury 's Troubled Asset Relief Programme ( TARP ) aims to quell those fears by injecting equity into banks so that they can reduce their leverage without shrinking their balance - sheets .
However , there are limits even to this .
The Treasury has stuck to purchasing preferred equity to minimise the risk of loss and avoid having any say in running the bank .
But the high interest rate the Treasury receives on such stock reduces banks ' profits .
And rating agencies and regulators consider preferred stock a less permanent and therefore inferior form of capital to common equity .
Simon Johnson , an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , thinks the Treasury should start purchasing common equity instead , as the British government has done .
With banks ' market values so low , that would leave the government with large stakes , and perhaps majority ownership of some banks .
Mr Johnson suggests creating an arm's length control board to oversee the government 's ownership , free of political meddling .
Still , helping banks recapitalise only partly mitigates deleveraging .
Many large buyers of debt assets have simply disappeared , such as “ structured investment vehicles ” , or SIVs , that used short - term financing to buy up asset backed securities , often from banks seeking to free up capital .
At one point they held up to $ 400 billion in assets .
But , unable to roll over their funding , they have been either reabsorbed by banks or closed .
In October one of the last big SIVs , Sigma Finance Corporation , with $ 27 billion in assets , collapsed .
Its liquidation by creditors is thought to have contributed to the plunge in prices of asset - backed securities which has made it impossible for new securities backed by student , credit - card and car loans to be issued .
When the average person hears the term “ asset - backed securities ” he may well think of some of the crazier structures built on the rickety base of subprime mortgages .
That would be wrong .
Securitisation is decades old , mundane and vital .
Banks and other lenders routinely pool their student , car , small - business and credit - card loans , and residential and commercial mortgages into securities and sell them to investors , leaving room for them to make new loans .
The deleveraging of banks may be inevitable and healthy , but the disappearance of the securitisation market is not .
Without it , “ millions of Americans cannot find affordable financing for their basic credit needs , ” Hank Paulson , the treasury secretary , said on November 25th .
The facility he and the Fed unveiled that day will buy up to $ 200 billion of newly issued , top- rated asset - backed securities .
The TARP will absorb the first $ 20 billion of losses ; the Fed will lend the rest .
It may eventually purchase commercial and residential MBSs that are not guaranteed by a GSE .
The facility may thus eventually do what TARP was meant to : relieve banks of their illiquid assets .
But it does so by in effect leveraging each TARP dollar many times over via the Fed 's balance - sheet .
“ Policymakers seem to have concluded that leverage got us into this mess and leverage can get us out , ” quipped Stephen Stanley , an economist at RBS Greenwich Capital .
“ Is it just me , or can you see a future for these guys running a hedge fund ? ”
The Fed 's decision to purchase MBSs is in some ways even more radical : it represents a direct foray by the Fed into lending to consumers :
Though it has had the authority to buy the MBSs and debt of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac since 1966 , it has not done so since 1997 for fear of conferring government backing to ostensibly private companies .
Those concerns disappeared when the Treasury in effect nationalised the companies in September .
Illustration by James Fryer
The Treasury and the agencies themselves had been buying MBSs but in spite of that the yields continued to rise , in part because of the government 's mixed signals on whether it stood behind the companies .
The Fed 's announcement carries clout because of the size .
There is no reason why the Fed need stop at $ 500 billion ; between them , Fannie and Freddie have $ 4 trillion of MBS outstanding and $ 17 billion of their own debt .
In going further , the Fed would in effect take over the roles of the mortgage agencies itself .
And in theory , it could find creative ways to do the same for the corporate - bond market .
Mr Bernanke is willing to try almost anything .
Yet these strategies do carry risks .
One is inflation .
Having expanded its balance - sheet so rapidly , the Fed may not have the foresight or courage to shrink it fast enough once the crisis passes , and the extra liquidity could fuel an overheating economy .
But with unemployment perhaps heading for 9 % , from 6.5 % now , that risk seems remote .
Another risk is that the Fed and the Treasury have taken on more commitments than they can credibly keep .
With budget deficits that could top $ 1 trillion a year , plus trillions of dollars more in guarantees to mortgages and bank debt , some investors may question America 's ability to shoulder all this debt .
They could react by selling the dollar , although with the entire world in recession , the lack of appealing alternatives makes that less plausible .
More likely , they could just back away from Treasury bonds until the yields rise enough to compensate them for the higher risk of default .
Ireland represents a cautionary tale : since it guaranteed the debts of its banking system , credit - default swaps have widened sharply on its sovereign debt , implying rising concern that the Irish government may one day default .
America is a much bigger country and its currency happens to be the world 's premier reserve currency .
So it can print as much as it likes .
For now , anyway .
According to a source within Senator John McCain ’s camp , McCain ’s Nov. 1 appearance on “ Saturday Night Live ” was something he ’d been hoping to do for a long time .
“ He ’s always been up for going on ‘ SNL , ’ ” said the source .
“ He ’d been wanting to do it for a while , it ’s just tough with the scheduling . ”
Unlike Gov. Sarah Palin’s “ SNL ” appearance , McCain was very involved in the night ’s sketches .
“ He ’s funny , a lot of people do n’t realize that , " the source said .
“ And he was totally up for anything .
He can take a joke — actually the only jokes that can bother him sometimes are jokes about Sarah .
He really defends her . ”
That could , in part , explain what some described as “ frosty ” chemistry between Tina Fey and McCain .
“ It seemed a little awkward , ” said one person who saw McCain and Fey rehearse just before the live dress rehearsal , “ but he really was up for anything , being as involved as the show wanted him to be .
Everyone got along great . ”
Latest on Guy - Madonna battle
It looks like fans — at least the crazed ones — are siding with Madonna over Guy Ritchie as their divorce battle heats up .
Ritchie called security on the set of his new movie “ Sherlock Holmes ” when a Madonna fan reportedly threatened to stab him to death .
According to Britain ’s Sunday Mirror a 16 - year - old boy burst onto the set shouting , “ I ’m Madonna ’s biggest fan !
I ’m gonna kill Guy ! ”
The latest news from this side of the pond comes from the New York Post , which reported that Madonna and Yankee slugger Alex Rodriguez whisked themselves away via separate helicopters to Jerry Seinfeld ’s home in the Hamptons Oct. 21 .
According to a source who spoke to the Post , the two spent four hours at the Seinfeld abode before heading back via the same helicopters that took them there .
Reps for Madonna and A - Rod had no comment .
Could Obama beat out Colbert for an Emmy ?
Stephen Colbert joked during his Oct. 30 show that Barack Obama ’s infomercial , which was watched by more than 33 million viewers , could rob him of an Emmy win ( Colbert has been nominated , and lost , three years running ) .
The joke was made in good fun , but it got some industry types wondering : could the slick , paid - for spot earn the senator a statue ?
The Hollywood reporter looked into it and according to a Television Academy spokesman , Colbert is safe .
" I do n't have a specific reference in the rules that would make it ineligible , " says John Leverence , senior vice - president of awards for the Academy .
" But telethons are eligible only if they are not political .
Though the ad was not specifically for raising money , it would be close enough to the spirit of that rule to be ineligible . "
In the past , Colbert has lost to Barry Manilow ( 2006 ) , Tony Bennett ( 2007 ) , and Don Rickles ( 2008 ) in the individual performance in variety or music program category .
Good luck in ’09 , Mr. Colbert .
Weekend box office
Not much of a shocker here .
“ High School Musical 3 ” took over the number - one spot at the box office for the second week in a row .
While ticket sales were down 55 % over last weekend , the film still earned $ 19 million , bringing its the two - week total to $ 65 million .
Not far behind was “ Zack and Miri Make a Porno . ”
Early estimates put the film at $ 16 million , but even the flick ’s own studio Miramax think that estimate is overblown .
As for the rest : “ Saw V ” came in third , and “ Changeling , ” which had a wider release last weekend , came in fourth with an $ 11 million take .
Courtney Hazlett delivers the Scoop Monday through Friday on msnbc.com .
Ultima creator Richard " Lord British " Garriott flew to space , deposited many gifts of spit , and thundered back to terra firma last week .
A Soyuz TMA - 12 capsule containing Garriott and two other crew members landed safely in Kazakhstan at 9:37 a.m. Friday morning , according to a report by the Associate Press .
" This is obviously a pinnacle experience , " said Garriott to TV crews shortly after landing .
" The ride up on Soyuz was phenomenal .
What a beautiful machine .
Of course , the international space station is astounding . "
Garriott , now the sixth private citizens to venture into the dark void of space , forked over around $ 30 million for the unusual opportunity .
The videogame designer launched into orbit earlier this month and traveled to the international space station .
There he spent 10 days conducting a range of experiments , including some on behalf of different corporate sponsors who contributed funds to his trip .
He also photographed the Earth 's surface to note changes since his father , retired NASA astronaut Owen Garriott , last traveled to space 35 years ago .
Among his various tasks in orbit , the younger Garriott set out to preserve remnants of humanity in the event a violent cataclysm wipes out life on the planet .
With Operation Immortality , he collected messages for the universe and DNA from a broad swath of the populace to deposit onto the station for safe keeping .
The Escapist 's very own section editor Susan Arendt even had the unique opportunity to have her DNA included among the bunch .
Perhaps in the distance future she will be cloned and assimilated in Borg - like fashion into the great consciousness of whatever remains when our civilization eventually falters .
He said : " There is only one Batman in the world .
The American producers used the name of our city without informing us . "
Buttons are on their way out .
Five years from now , it is likely that the mobile phone you will be holding will be a smooth , sleek brick — a piece of metal and plastic with a few grooves in it and little more .
Like the iPhone , it will be mostly display ; unlike the iPhone , it will respond to voice commands and gestures as well as touch .
" So much of how we understand technology is visually driven , " says Rachel Hinman , a strategist with Adaptive Path , a user - experience and design - consulting firm .
" Mobile interface design has to mimic the touch , sight , gesture and auditory feeds that we use to interact with our environment . "
That means speaking to your phone rather than typing , pointing with your finger instead of clicking on buttons , and gesturing instead of touching .
You could listen to music , access the internet , use the camera and shop for gadgets by just telling your phone what you want to do , by waving your fingers at it , or by aiming its camera at an object you 're interested in buying .
Over the last few years , advances in display technology and processing power have turned smartphones into capable , if tiny , computers .
As a result , phones have gone beyond traditional audio communication and texting to support a wide range of multimedia and office applications .
The one thing that has n't changed , until recently , is the tiny keypad .
Sure , there have been some tweaks , such as T9 predictive text input that cuts down on the time it takes to type , a QWERTY keyboard instead of a 12 - key one , or the touchscreen version of a keyboard found on the iPhone .
But fundamentally , the act of telling your phone what to do still involves a lot of thumb - twiddling .
Experts say the industry needs a new wave of interface technologies to transform how we relate to our phones .
The traditional keypads and scroll wheels will give way to haptics , advanced speech recognition and motion sensors .
Touchscreens Everywhere
Until Apple 's iPhone came along , keypads were a standard feature on all mobile phones .
The iPhone paved the way for a range of touchscreen - based phones , including the T - Mobile G1 and the upcoming BlackBerry Storm .
" What 's a shame is everyone 's following Apple now , " says Gus Desbarats , chairman of The Alloy , a UK - based product - design firm .
To take the next step in phone design , mobile - phone companies will have to make radical changes in how they create their products .
" Most user interface experiences today start around a new generation of microprocessor or new screen technology , " says Desbarats .
" Those things are important , but companies need to ask themselves :
What kind of devices do we want people to really have ? "
Take the touchscreen .
So far , even iPhone clones require navigation across multiple screens to complete a task .
That will change as touchscreens become more sophisticated and cheaper .
Instead of a single large screen that is fragile and smudged by fingerprints , phone designers could create products with multiple touch screens .
A prototype from The Alloy shows two touchscreens folded into a clamshell with the keypad and other functionality available on one of the screens and the ability to manipulate photos and other information on the other .
Speak to Me
Users could also interact with their phone by simply speaking to it using technology from companies such as Cambridge , Massachusetts - based
Vlingo .
Vlingo 's application allows users to command their phones by voice .
That could enable you to speak the URLs for web pages or dictate e-mail messages .
Natural speech recognition has long been challenging for human - computer interface researchers .
Most devices with speech - recognition capabilities require users to speak commands in an artificially clear , stilted way .
They also tend to have high error rates , leading to user disenchantment .
Unlike conventional voice - recognition technologies , which require specific applications built to recognize selected language commands ,
Vlingo uses a more open - ended approach .
User voice commands are captured as audio files and transferred over the wireless connection to a server , where they 're processed .
The technology personalizes itself for each individual user , recognizing and training itself based on the individual user 's speech patterns .
" If you say Boston and it shows up as Austin you can correct it on screen , " says Vlingo CEO Dave Grannan .
" And when you make the correction you are training the system . "
It also means no need to memorize a list of commands or change the way you speak .
The technology has already found a major partner in Yahoo , which offers voice - enabled search on BlackBerry phones .
Vlingo's completely voice - powered user interface is also available on Research In Motion phones , such as the BlackBerry Curve and Pearl .
Vlingo hopes to expand its services to additional platforms such as
Symbian , Android and feature phones over the next few months .
__
Speedier Keypads__
Even the traditional keypad is set to get a face lift .
Typing on a touchscreen keypad is slow and difficult , even for those without stubby fingers or long nails .
That 's where Swype comes in .
It allows users to use trace a continuous motion on an onscreen QWERTY keypad instead of tapping individual characters
For instance , instead of typing the word infinity , users can just draw a line through each of the characters .
It 's fast and remarkably error - free .
" This is a game - changer , " says
Swype founder Cliff Kushler as he draws a line through the characters on the keypad to create the word infinity .
" You have a subconscious awareness of where things are on the keyboard and people can ramp up on this to 40 - 50 words per minute . "
When Kushler is done , the line on his touch screen keypad traces through all of the letters of the word infinity — a path that , coincidentally , resembles the infinity symbol .
The 55 - year old Kushler is no texting addict , but he has changed the way we interact with our phones before .
About a decade ago , Kushler helped invent the T9 predictive - text input system , which lets people enter text on 12 - button phone keypads more quickly than the old multitap system ( press 2 once for A , twice for B , and so on ) .
Briefly a college drop - out , Kushler had set out to create an interface that would make it easier for disabled people to interact with their phones .
But along the way , his research morphed into T9 , which became a runaway success :
It is now available on 3 billion phones .
He hopes Swype will have a similar impact on touchscreen phones .
His instincts are certainly good : Researchers at IBM Almaden research center have developed a similar technology , called ShapeWriter , which is available for download from the iPhone App Store .
Swype CEO
Mike McSherry says he is negotiating with handset makers to integrate the technology into phones .
__
Slowly Moving Forward__
In a few years , mobile phones are also likely to come with embedded micro-projection displays that will allow the device to project a screen or a keyboard onto a table or any surface so users can navigate using the virtual interface , says Desbarats .
User experience will also improve , as phones integrate disparate features , such as GPS and camera , to provide a better interface .
Nokia 's " point and find " technology , for instance , is based on image - recognition technology .
The feature allows users to point their phone 's camera at objects and then uses image recognition to help identify them and bring up more information .
But do n't rush to the stores yet .
While the industry 's direction seems clear , it will take a long time before these innovations hit the market .
The 18 - month average lead time for a handset to make it to market increases the pressure on companies .
Manufacturers shy away from really experimental interfaces , fearing that such changes will be off - putting to consumers .
Instead , they make devices that push the envelope just a little bit at a time .
" It is n't about the technology but it is about the company 's ability to use the technology in a compelling and profitable way , " says Adaptive
Path 's Hinman .
In the short term , look for small , incremental improvements as mobile - phone manufacturers strive to make their handsets evermore usable by cleverly utilizing technology and capabilities that already exist .
" The thing about the future is it is built out of bits that are there in the present , " says Desbarats .
" In the future we will be looking at how to put those bits together in different ways to create innovative solutions . "
( Reuters ) - American Express Co , the No. 4 U.S. credit card issuer , is seeking about $ 3.5 billion in tax - payer funded capital from the U.S. government , the Wall Street Journal said , citing people familiar with the situation .
It was not clear if the application under the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) came before or after the company got Federal Reserve approval to become a bank - holding company .
American Express has not announced the application , and it is not known how it would use government money , the paper said .
The company won the approval of the Federal Reserve Board to become a bank holding company on Monday .
But the deal benefited from a wave of electricity deregulation , and backers of the merger argued that the new company would be well - positioned to sell power in markets across the country as states opened their electricity markets up to competition .
The merger created a job for John Rowe , the CEO of Unicom who went on to become CEO of the merged company , Exelon .
And Emanuel and Rowe have remained personally friendly .
After the Nov. 4 election , Emanuel was shopping in a bookstore when he called Rowe on his cell phone , asking for guidance on whether he should take the top White House staff job , according to The Washington Post .
Emanuel ’s elevation to the White House comes at a pivotal time for the company he helped create .
Exelon is now involved in a hostile takeover bid for the assets of NRG Energy , which would create the nation ’s largest power company .
NRG rejected Exelon ’s initial bid of more than $ 6 billion , calling the offer too low .
The deal potentially faces a host of regulatory and government approvals , and industry insiders will be watching to see that Exelon is treated fairly by the Obama administration .
Donors affiliated with Exelon gave Obama ’s presidential campaign more than $ 197,000 , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
“ The Obama administration seems to be trying to set a high ethical standard , ” said Sue Kelly , vice president of policy analysis and general counsel at the American Public Power Association .
“ We ’d want to make sure that this merger received the close scrutiny that it deserves . ”
Executives at Exelon declined comment .
An Emanuel representative said that Exelon wo n’t get any special favors from the White House .
“ Serving the American people and President Obama is Congressman Emanuel ’s only priority , ” the representative said .
Another key deal that Emanuel worked on at Wasserstein also had Chicago roots : the sale of SecurityLink , the home security unit of SBC Communications , to the Chicago - based venture capital fund GTCR Golder Rauner .
Emanuel ’s old boss , billionaire Wasserstein , who is now chairman and chief executive of Lazard Ltd. , praised the politician ’s business skills in a statement .
“ Rahm did a great job for our firm , ” Wasserstein said .
“ Energetic and extremely popular in the Midwest , he had a keen understanding of the interplay of regulatory aspects and corporate activity in financial advisory work , particularly in the utility and banking industries . ”
In 2000 , Emanuel added to his private sector résumé , accepting an appointment by President Bill Clinton to the board of directors of Freddie Mac , a position he held until he began his campaign for Congress .
He served at Freddie Mac at a time when the mortgage giant was later found to have misstated its annual revenue .
Freddie Mac and its corporate sibling , Fannie Mae , have been widely blamed for playing key roles in the mortgage market meltdown that triggered the current financial crisis .
A spokeswoman in Emanuel ’s congressional office said his business career is something that Emanuel has already been drawing upon .
“ When Congress considered the financial crisis in September , Rep . Emanuel used his knowledge of the financial industry to help protect taxpayers and significantly strengthen the economic rescue package , ” said Emanuel ’s spokeswoman , Kathleen Connery .
“ His experience in government and business will be a tremendous asset as he works with President - elect Obama to help get our economy back on track . "
SHARING a movie with a sucky eight - armed animal may not be every woman 's perfect date .
But Renata Pronk did it for science and made two significant discoveries .
Octopuses can watch television and understand at least some of what they see .
In a second finding , the Macquarie University marine biology researcher resolved a long scientific debate , discovering that octopuses , despite their intelligence , lack personalities .
" Octopuses are very smart , " said Miss Pronk .
" I have seen my octopuses open Vegemite jars by unscrewing the lid .
They can find their way through mazes to reach food rewards at the end . "
One summer evening in 2005 , an Inglewood police officer stood with his gun aimed at a schizophrenic man who had been stopped for drinking beer in public .
The officer ordered Jule Dexter to put his hands on the hood of the police car , but Dexter ’s baggy pants started slipping .
“ Please let me pull my pants up , ” Dexter pleaded , according to a witness ’ sworn testimony .
“ Do n’t move ! ” the officer yelled .
But Dexter , 27 , reached to pull up his pants , witnesses said .
The officer fired four shots into Dexter ’s back and head , killing him .
Over the last six years , Inglewood police officers have repeatedly resorted to physical or deadly force against suspects who were unarmed or accused of minor offenses , a Times investigation found .
In the span of four months this year , Inglewood officers shot and killed four people , three of them unarmed .
The Times ’ review of court documents , law enforcement records and interviews shows that the problem is not new .
* Five of the 11 people shot and killed by Inglewood police since 2003 were unarmed .
They include a man who fled when officers tried to stop him for riding his bicycle on a sidewalk .
An officer said he fired when the man reached for a bulge near his waist , which turned out to be a rolled - up T - shirt .
* Several officers -- including a training sergeant -- have complained about the department ’s policy on when to shoot and about a lack of training .
* To investigate shootings by police , the department has assigned the vice president of the Inglewood police officers ’ union , which advocates for officers accused of wrongdoing , and a detective accused by a prosecutor of lying about his own off - duty shooting .
* Two Inglewood officers were involved in using electric Taser guns on unarmed suspects four times in five weeks -- including on one man ’s genitals -- prompting defense attorneys to call them the “ Taser Twins . ”
Earlier this year , the city hired consultants to review the department ’s training , policies and procedures and initiated a training program to improve officers ’ tactics .
Inglewood Police Chief Jacqueline Seabrooks said it was unfair to portray her officers as quick to pull the trigger or excessive in using force .
In some cases , she said , police opened fire only after suspects stabbed officers , shot at them or pointed guns in their direction .
The 195 - member department responds to more than 130,000 calls each year , she said , usually without problems or headlines .
“ We interact with people who are exceedingly violent and resistive to the lesser levels of force , and we do n’t always shoot them , ” said Seabrooks , who became chief last year .
Inglewood officers have shot unarmed people they mistakenly believed posed a threat on six occasions , or a quarter of all shootings by police since 2003 .
Two of those people were carrying toy weapons .
Five died and one was wounded .
On four other occasions , officers opened fire at moving cars , a practice strongly discouraged by many police agencies , including Inglewood .
“ That ’s a lot of shootings in a smaller department , ” said Geoffrey Alpert , a professor at the University of South Carolina who has helped police agencies draft policies on the use of deadly force .
“ It raises a red flag . ”
Comparing officer shootings at different agencies is difficult because of varying crime rates , demographics and force size .
Few agencies keep readily available data on the circumstances surrounding such shootings .
Nevertheless , statistics from nearby agencies suggest that Inglewood ’s numbers are high .
Officers in the neighboring city of Hawthorne , for example , have shot and killed one unarmed suspect since 2003 .
Hawthorne , which has a crime rate similar to Inglewood ’s , has half as many police officers and four - fifths the population of Inglewood .
A report by the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department -- which patrols an area with a population more than 20 times larger than Inglewood ’s -- shows that deputies have killed fewer unarmed people than have Inglewood police since 2005 .
‘ He was real gentle , real kind ’
Jule Dexter battled his share of problems .
He struggled with a drug addiction , and in 2004 his mother sought a restraining order against him , accusing him of pushing her and stealing from her garage .
But when sober , Dexter was a joy to be around , said his aunt Patricia Hayes .
“ He was a big kid , but he was real gentle , real kind , ” she said .
A month before his death , Hayes said , Dexter completed a drug rehabilitation program and told her he was determined to provide for his 3 - year - old son , whose name was tattooed on Dexter ’s right arm .
But by the night of June 6 , 2005 , Dexter was using cocaine once again , according to toxicology tests by coroner ’s officials .
Just after 6 p.m. he was standing outside an Inglewood liquor store with some friends when an unmarked police car pulled up .
Officer Jose Estrada and Det. Louie Johnson of the city ’s gang detail approached Dexter ’s group .
What happened next is in dispute .
Estrada told investigators that Dexter was slow to take his hands out of his pockets and seemed to fumble with what Estrada feared was a weapon .
But witnesses told authorities that Dexter moved his hand to pull up his pants .
In a wrongful - death lawsuit brought by Dexter ’s family , Earnestine Baldwin , a bystander , testified that she heard Dexter repeatedly beg the officer to let him pull up his pants .
The city paid $ 725,000 to settle the lawsuit .
“ I realize they can be afraid .
But they ’re supposed to be the skilled ones , ” said Hayes , a bank vice president .
“ What gave them the right to kill my nephew ?
Where is the justice ? ”
The district attorney ’s office decided not to file criminal charges against Estrada , concluding that he reasonably believed that Dexter was preparing to pull a gun and shoot him .
A panel of three Inglewood police captains decided 2 to 1 that Estrada had not violated the department ’s deadly - force policies .
But then - Chief Julius I. Davis disagreed and suspended Estrada for 16 days .
Estrada appealed , complaining that he was not trained properly .
He has asked a Los Angeles court to throw out the department ’s deadly - force policy because it is confusing .
Kenton Ferrin , then Estrada ’s training sergeant , testified during Estrada ’s disciplinary appeal that the policy is confusing to officers .
The department never ordered additional training for Estrada after the shooting , according to legal documents filed by his attorney .
Seabrooks said she believed the policy was clear , but added that it was being updated to make it more precise .
Investigating their own officers
Like many police agencies , Inglewood entrusts the job of investigating officer - involved shootings to its own homicide detectives .
Their work is reviewed by the district attorney ’s office .
In recent years , the detectives assigned to such shootings have included Loyd Waters , vice president and former president of the Inglewood Police Assn .
Seabrooks , a former Santa Monica police captain , said she saw nothing wrong with a union official investigating officer - involved shootings , saying it is not unusual in smaller police departments .
But Bill Geller , an Illinois - based public safety consultant and nationally recognized expert in police shootings , described it as a conflict of interest .
Police union officials , he said , advocate for their members , but investigators must objectively review the facts of a shooting even if an officer is at fault .
“ That seems to me really foolish , ” Geller said .
“ The department is needlessly risking its reputation for integrity and objectivity by doing this . ”
Another detective assigned to probe recent officer - involved shootings is Willard Salmon Jr. , a 12 - year department veteran .
In 2002 , Los Angeles police were called to the parking lot of Dodger Stadium after Salmon , while off duty , shot and wounded a paroled carjacker after a game .
Salmon told police that he fired in self - defense after the man attacked him with a beer bottle .
But Deputy Dist .
Atty .
Max Huntsman concluded that Salmon ’s account was “ not credible . ”
Two groups of independent witnesses , he wrote in a memo , told police that Salmon was n’t attacked and that he and his girlfriend hunted for the shell casing and removed it before Los Angeles Police Department officers arrived .
“ This behavior supports the conclusion that Salmon felt he had acted improperly and removed the evidence in the brief hope that he might be able to keep himself from being identified , ” Huntsman wrote .
The prosecutor also faulted the Inglewood police internal affairs investigators for failing to give Salmon an alcohol breath test until eight hours after the shooting .
Huntsman opted not to file charges against Salmon , deciding that a jury would not be likely to convict him given his claim of self - defense .
Seabrooks said the department ’s internal investigation cleared Salmon of wrongdoing and that the agency has received no complaints about his work as a detective .
Salmon said he was assigned to the homicide unit about 18 months ago .
“ I do n’t think , if they had issues with the shooting or questions about the shooting , they would have put me in the position to investigate officer - involved shootings , ” Salmon said in a brief interview .
Last year Salmon was the lead detective investigating the police shooting of an unarmed man , Richard Ray Tyson , according to coroner ’s records .
Tyson , 20 , was riding his bicycle on the sidewalk when two officers recognized him as an alleged gang member and tried to stop him .
Tyson fled , leading the officers on a foot chase until he was cornered in a residential backyard .
Officer Zerai Massey told investigators that Tyson ignored orders to show his hands and moved them toward his waistband .
Massey fired six rounds , hitting Tyson ’s back and torso .
The officer told investigators that he believed Tyson was armed with a gun .
No weapon was found on Tyson .
Instead , officers discovered a rolled - up T - shirt stuffed in his sweatshirt ’s front pocket .
The district attorney ’s office found that the officer had acted “ in lawful self - defense . ”
Tyson ’s family has filed a wrongful - death lawsuit against the city , alleging that the shooting was unjustified and the investigation inadequate .
As fallout faded , more use of force
In 2002 , Inglewood found itself in the national spotlight when a white officer was caught on videotape punching a black teenager and slamming him onto the trunk of a police car .
The city installed video cameras in patrol cars , required sensitivity training for officers and set up a panel of citizens to review complaints against the police .
But as the fallout from that episode faded , Inglewood officers have continued to resort to force , including Tasers , on unarmed or handcuffed suspects .
The city settled two lawsuits this year with residents who claimed officers shocked them with Tasers as a punishment rather than to subdue them .
One woman alleged that officers shot her with a Taser twice after she kicked out a patrol car ’s rear window while handcuffed and hyperventilating in the back seat .
After shocking her , she claimed , the officers asked , “ Did you like that ? ”
She collected $ 95,000 .
A man who claimed a sergeant stunned him with a Taser at the police station and said it was for biting an officer was paid $ 55,000 .
“ It seems there is very little discipline there , ” said his attorney , Gary Casselman .
Just how often Inglewood officers deploy their Tasers is unknown .
A police spokesman said the department does not keep track of Taser incidents .
But in 2005 , deputy public defenders noticed a pattern of complaints by clients who said they were shot with Tasers by Inglewood cops .
Two officers stood out .
During one five - week period that year , four people complained that they had been shocked by Officers Eduardo Sanchez and Rafael Rodriguez .
Defense attorneys gave them the nickname “ Taser Twins . ”
“ They seemed to be immature and poorly trained officers , ” said John Raphling , a former deputy public defender now in private practice .
“ They seemed to be operating with very little supervision . ”
Among those shocked by the pair was Clarence Williams , whom the officers arrested on suspicion of public drunkenness .
At the city jail , Rodriguez and Sanchez , along with a third officer , took Williams to a room to be strip - searched .
Sanchez wrote in a report that Williams became belligerent as he got undressed .
Sanchez wrote that Williams , 5 feet 7 and about 160 pounds , took a step toward Rodriguez with his fists clenched .
Sanchez said he shot Williams with the Taser , striking him in the genitals and stomach .
He said he used the electric current three times before Williams calmed down .
The department ’s policy prohibits officers from firing Tasers at a suspect ’s genitals .
Williams , 42 , told The Times that the officers attacked him without provocation while he was naked and starting to pull his pants up .
Lt. Mike McBride said supervisors concluded that Williams was struck unintentionally in the genitals and that officers otherwise used appropriate force .
He said Sanchez resigned last year during an unrelated internal affairs investigation into alleged misconduct , including making false statements .
Rodriguez was fired around the same time .
McBride declined to detail why , citing Rodriguez ’s pending disciplinary appeal .
The officers could not be reached for comment .
Williams said of the Taser : “ It was like pure electricity going through my entire body . ”
Getting shot in the genitals , he said , caused “ excruciating pain . ”
jack.leonard@latimes.com
victoria.kim@latimes.com
UbiGreen Cell Phone App Keeps Track of Your Carbon Footprint
November 21st , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Keeping track of your carbon footprint can be hard ; you may walk or take the bus everywhere , but how much CO2 is that cross-country plane trip letting loose ?
UbiGreen , a new cell phone application developed by Intel and the University of Washington , senses whether you ’re in a plane , train , or car to let you know exactly what your carbon footprint is .
The application uses a built - in accelerometer in your phone ( like the iPhone has ) to keep track of your movement .
UbiGreen keeps you motivated by placing a tree on the screen of your phone that becomes leafy or barren depending on your carbon - spewing tendencies .
Unfortunately , you might have to do some manual work to find out your carbon footprint for now ; the application wo n’t be released for another year .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/3iqI786nOEM&hl=en&fs=1]
Photo Credit : University of Washington
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
A video has been flying around the Russian blogosphere of two people dumping about 20 dead and dying sheep onto the streets to oppose what the media have called an anti-government rally .
[ social_buttons ]
The sheep were dressed in blue T - shirts and hats reading “ Solidarity ” and most had their legs broken .
The sheep that were still alive were vomiting blood and had syringes sticking out of their necks , clearly from being drugged .
The rally was being held by a variety of political parties who were joining together in opposition of the current government .
While over 100 protesters involved in the rally were arrested , police were late to arrive at the scene of the sheep dumping and no one was apprehended .
“ There were two people in the bus who were throwing them out , ” said Ella Polyakova , who witnessed the incident .
“ We started to yell at them , and they shouted back saying the same fate awaits us . ”
Animal rights groups in Russia are furious that the perpetrators got away .
Irina Novozhilova , leader of an organization called Vita , said many animal rights groups plan to ask the Prosecutor General ’s Office to further investigate the case .
“ This is shocking to torture animals to achieve political goals , ” Novozhilova said .
“ Those who organized this disgusting act must be found and punished . ”
Two tragedies happened in Russia this weekend : the stifling of free political speech and perhaps the most disgusting act of animal cruelty I ’ve ever seen .
The video is not terribly graphic , but watch with caution .
For a translation of the text in the video , click here .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/mCzw5xRpZrA&hl=en&fs=1]
[ Via The Walter Duranty Report ]
Photo Credit : Tambako on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
What with its open source operating system and developer - friendly nature , cracking open phones running Google 's Android was always going to be easier than the full - on assault that was required to hack the iPhone , but we 're still impressed by the speed with which hackers have broken the T - Mobile G1 .
First is full access to the file system on the phone .
This part is easy , but you could potentially break everything with an errant rm -r .
You need to grab PTerminal , a command line tool , from the Android marketplace .
From there , you navigate to your system / bin folder ( where the binaries are kept ) and type telnetd to launch the telnet program which lets you login to the phone remotely .
Assuming your Wi-Fi is switched on , you can now type netstat to get your IP address .
From there , you just grab a computer on the same network and telnet in .
You now have root access to the entire file system .
This is the dangerous part , and it's odd that telnet runs this way .
The root user , or superuser , is the God of the computer and can do anything , so proceed with care .
This means that one of the big G1 problems has been bypassed .
Off the shelf , you can't install applications on the SD card , only in the G1's internal memory .
Using this method , you can put applications on the SD card and point the phone at them .
According to a post on the Android Community forums , this works just fine .
Aside from putting applications where you want them , root access to the OS means that a carrier unlock should be possible , meaning that you can use the phone on any supported network .
On the same forum thread , user Shebanx , claims to have done just this , and although he used a third party unlock service , he claims that all the Google Apps still work ( Gmail , Calendar and so on ) .
It 's a great first step , and we can be sure that , as Android is a Linux - based operating system , there 's going to be plenty more where that came from .
Bring it on !
Android Jailbreak , first steps forward !!- get root access to your G1 [ Android Community ]
How to get Root on the G1 [ XDA Developers Forum ]
G1 is Jailbroken [ ModMyGphone ]
It 's God 's fault /
The cruel success of Prop .
8 ? Not Newsom , not gays .
Blame You Know Who
Michigan just legalized medical pot .
Liddy Dole is gone .
John Sununu is gone .
The Dems picked up at least six Senate seats .
North Carolina went blue for the first time in more than three decades .
A teen girl in California , for the third time now , wo n't be forced to notify her parents if she wants an abortion .
South Dakota easily beat back , for the second time , the most repellent anti-choice legislation in the nation .
Colorado was close behind , trouncing an insidious proposition that would 've deemed a zygote a whole little person .
California will get high - speed rail .
The smart black dude actually won .
It 's almost a grand sweep .
It 's almost the most forward - thinking , thoroughly stunning election in American history , so much dead wood and so many old evangelical poisons swept from the national dialogue , it 's as though we just swallowed a grand emetic of possibility , and purged like never before .
Almost .
Amid the glory and the disbelief and the Obamapalooza , the thorn .
The nail in the pudding .
The kidney punch during the massage .
Some say the inglorious success of Prop. 8 , the brutally regressive measure that removes the rights of very specific people who love very specific other people from ever marrying them , can be blamed on multiple factors .
Some say it was Gavin Newsom 's smugness and political recklessness .
Some blame Feinstein for daring to support Prop. 8 's defeat .
Some blame the black and Latino communities for their shocking and rather heartbreaking support of what essentially amounts to a civil rights abuse of the very kind they themselves fought so hard to overcome .
Or maybe it's all those sad , white , central portions of the state , the huge chunks of voters who live in places without much culture or perspective or major universities , who only hear certain strains of spiteful rhetoric and thin fearmongering , whose general lack of education means they apparently still believe certain flavors of love will poison everyone 's soup and ruin the sanctity of the time - honored 50 - percent heterosexual missionary position Christian divorce rate .
And I must say -- and you might not want to hear this -- a big chunk of blame for 8 's passage has to go to the No on 8 campaign 's initial arrogance , followed by their utterly limp reaction when the Yes campaign started attacking and gaining real steam .
As one of my politically savvy Chronicle colleagues put it , " No on 8 was a bad campaign .
Bad bad bad .
Inept , amateurish , incompetent and , above all , guilty of committing the first and worst sin of politics : taking the voters for granted . "
But I do n't think it stops there .
Because when you peel back all those surface factors , when you trace the line of quasi - reasoning back to its source , to the " real " reason many people voted for Prop .
8 , I think the real blame lies with , well , the Almighty himself .
That 's right , I blame God .
Wait , check that .
Let me say it with the proper intonation and slant : Imagine my voice trembling , the very earth beneath my feet rumbling , the very letters you are about to read appearing in enormous gothic capitals , dripping with fire and smoke and Budweiser logos , all surrounded by scowling cherubim armed with poorly printed pamphlets and a severe dislike of throbbing techno : GOD .
What , too much ?
I do n't think so .
Who stabbed marriage equality to death , again ?
The Mormon Church .
Catholic groups .
Evangelicals .
Militant fundamentalists .
Reclusive , sickly , notoriously right - wing billionaires like Howard Ahmanson , a guy who also funded a radical Christian theologian madman who himself endorses stoning gay people to death .
The mother of Eric Prince , CEO of the notorious Blackwater thugs - for - hire company .
Behind it all , it 's God .
No , not the god you and I understand as a universal , non-gendered , asexual , love - drunk energy coursing through all things at all times everywhere without the slightest wisp of prejudice or geographical preference , but that famously small , myopic version , the one that encourages a literalist interpretation of very carefully selected Bible verse ( to the complete disregard of myriad others ) -- a version that , in short , has been drilled into the consciousness of far too many voters for far too long .
Is it not true ?
Once again this election , in pulpits across America , the call rang out :
We must stop the gays .
We cannot allow them entry into the sanctuary of Eternal Hetero Love .
After all , marriage is ( these people believe ) the last upstanding Christian stronghold , the final barrier preventing America from becoming some sort of Sodom - iffic nipple - pierced polyamorous rave party where anyone can marry anything and pets are running scared and people stick parts of their bodies into other people 's parts for sexual pleasure .
The horror .
And yes , it must be said : Sad indeed to imagine many of those black pastors up there , cheering Obama 's win and deeming this a new dawn for blacks after so many years of struggle for basic civil rights , while in the next breath talking up the wrath of God that will strike parishioners should they allow homosexuals to register for stemware at Crate & Barrel .
Talk about disingenuous .
Let me suggest it outright :
The vast majority of Yes on 8 voters seem to have been motivated , at least in part , by this sad misunderstanding of God , this harsh spiritual slant that supports a discriminatory , micromanager Almighty who fully endorses marital bliss , but only for some .
( Interestingly , I believe this is the same God who , until recently , did n't allow whites to marry blacks .
Or women to vote .
Or slaves to be free .
Or people to get divorced .
Or women to become priests .
Or humans to wear condoms .
Hmm . )
Then again , when you put it that way , the ugly fight for Prop. 8 makes perfect sense .
After all , hetero marriage is all organized religion really has left , their last vestige of power and control .
Everything else they fought so hard to inject into the national agenda -- intelligent design , God 's war against Muslims , the end of reproductive choice , more prayer in schools , abstinence education , et al -- not only failed , but failed spectacularly .
No wonder they 're clinging to this rigid , outdated idea of marriage so violently .
So let me correct myself .
I do n't blame God .
I certainly do n't blame the kind of fluid , open - throated spiritual awareness that promotes , rather than denigrates , all forms of consensual love , that understands the human soul is ever in flux and must , like the society that forms around it , be allowed to grow and evolve lest it stumble and atrophy and vote Republican .
I do not blame God .
I blame a very gloomy , revisionist version of the divine , a sour and demeaning mindset that believes in restriction , constriction , dread .
The good news is , I think Prop.
8 's desperate , last - gasp victory merely reveals that this hollow , homophobic version of God is waning , sliding , fighting for its last taste of relevance , soon to be replaced by something just a bit more dynamic and open - hearted and , well , truly divine .
The bad news is , it 's just going to take a bit longer than we'd hoped .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Banking Demystified
by Doug French by Doug French
DIGG THIS
Those under the delusion that it was an orgy of deregulation and lack of government oversight in financial markets that has led to the current crash and rash of bank failures and bailouts will be overjoyed to learn that the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) is doubling its operating budget for 2009 to $ 2.24 billion and will increase its workforce by 30 percent to 6,269 .
The pace of bank busts is quickening , with nearly half of this year ’s 25 failures coming in the current quarter .
There were only three failures in 2007 as the real estate boom still had fainting signs of life left in it and there were no failures from June 2004 through February 2007 when the boom was in full swing .
This boom was driven by huge increases in the money supply created by the Federal Reserve which led to massive mal - investment in : row after row of single family tract homes that were scooped up by panting speculators who financed their punts with cheap no -money down loans , strip malls and suburban office buildings , skyscrapers and casinos the world around .
To the government regulatory world , the banking system was sound while the boom unfolded , but as Murray Rothbard pointed out in his article " The Myth of Free Banking in Scotland " which is included as an appendix in the new addition of The Mystery of Banking , " a dearth of bank failure should rather be treated with suspicion , as witness the drop of bank failures in the United States since the advent of the FDIC . "
As Rothbard points out , the banks may be doing fine when there are no failures , but society is getting the worst of it .
" Bank failures are a healthy weapon by which the market keeps bank credit expansion in check ; an absence of failure might well mean that that check is doing poorly and that inflation of money and credit is all the more rampant , " Rothbard wrote .
" In any case , a lower rate of bank failure can scarcely be accepted as any sort of evidence for the superiority of a banking system . "
With real estate collateral values plunging , credit losses are soaring , decimating the capital ratios of banks all over the world .
Large banks that are viewed as " systemically important " such as Citicorp are bailed out .
Others are kept alive via capital injections from the government ’s Troubled Assets Relief Program ( TARP ) .
But many of the small fry are ( and will be ) seized by regulators and liquidated .
Thus , of the 1,400 new FDIC positions , two - thirds will be working on the " closed bank " side with the other third working on the " open bank " side , according to FDIC spokesman David Barr .
The folks at the FDIC evidently think 2009 will be a banner year for bank failures .
And they should .
Thus , roughly 400 of the new hires will be doctors doing check - ups on existing banks , while 1,000 will be working in the morgue doing autopsies and disposing of dead banks .
Mr. Barr points out that most of these new positions will be temporary , but H.L. Mencken reminds us " all bureaucracies will bear close watching , and none more so than that which comes into power in a wave of popular enthusiasm , and with the avowed purpose of saving the country from ruin . "
All of this regulating wo n’t make for sound banking .
That ’s impossible with fiat money , fractional reserves and central banking as Rothbard explains .
To put banking back on sound footing , the dollar must be defined by weight in gold , the Fed must be liquidated , banks must have gold equal to 100 percent of demand deposits , the U.S. Mint should be abolished , and the FDIC , instead of bulking up , should be abolished , " so that no government guarantee can stand behind bank inflation , or prevent the healthy gale of bank runs assuring that banks remain sound and noninflationary . "
Meanwhile , the FDIC Board also announced that the FDIC ’s Deposit Insurance Fund decreased by $ 10.6 billion , or 23.5 percent in the third quarter and currently stands at $ 34.6 billion .
That sounds like a lot of money , but it ’s less than one percent of the $ 4.3 trillion in deposits that the FDIC is insuring .
But FDIC chair Shelia Bair has no fear : " While we will likely continue to see more bank failures , it is important for the American public to know that the FDIC stands ready to meet our sacred commitment to depositors .
It is a golden promise that has been kept for 75 years and one that will not be broken . ”
Did she say " golden " promise ?
Not hardly .
" From a money , centuries ago , based solidly on gold as the currency , and where banks were required to redeem their notes and deposits immediately in specie , " Rothbard wrote , " we now have a world of fiat paper moneys cut off from gold and issued by government - privileged Central Banks . "
The FDIC ’s golden promise is no substitute for the real thing .
Doug French Archives
The Best of Douglas French
The Covini C6W , which stands for Covini 6 Wheeler , is an Italian 2 - seat , 2 - door sports coupé with a removable roof section .
Inspiration for the car was taken from the 1976 Tyrrell P34 , which had two pairs of smaller front wheels , a principal applied to the C6W .
The project was started in 1974 but abandoned shortly after , and left dormant into the 1980s due to the lack of availability of low - profile tires at time .
In 2003 the project was revived and in 2004 the C6W was shown in prototype form .
In 2005 a slightly revised version debuted at the Salon International de l’Auto , featuring new wheels , new roof structure and a refreshed interior , and went into limited production of 6 - 8 cars per year , as a result of a tie - up between PMI and Covini Engineering .
Via
George Jaramillo is n’t on trial , but the former assistant Orange County sheriff has been taking his lumps in the federal courtroom where jurors are listening to the government ’s corruption case against his former boss , Mike Carona .
It seems that just about every time jurors hear something unflattering about Carona , Jaramillo ’s name also pops up .
And sometimes , even when the testimony does n’t seem to damage Carona .
Jaramillo is on the government ’s witness list to testify against the former sheriff , but Assistant U.S. Atty .
Brett Sagel told the judge a couple of weeks ago he had n’t decided if he ’d call him .
From the outset of the trial , Jaramillo has been portrayed as the right - hand man who knew where all the bodies in the Carona administration were buried .
And who , after Carona fired him in 2004 , turned on his former “ brother ” and began cooperating with the government .
Advertisement
He ’s been described on various occasions in court as evil , a pickpocket , hatchet man , bag man , out of control , a double - crosser , a thief and an extortionist .
Not to mention someone who did n’t mind tipping off the media if it served his purposes .
Most of those characterizations came from the government ’s star witness : former Assistant Sheriff Don Haidl , a one - time friend of Jaramillo’s .
But Sagel contributed a couple of his own , as did Carona on a secretly tape - recorded conversation he had with Haidl in 2007 .
The onslaught against Jaramillo -- which he ’s had no chance to rebut -- is unnerving if only because Carona early on planned that Jaramillo would succeed him as sheriff .
Like Haidl , Jaramillo already has pleaded to federal charges in connection with the Carona case .
Haidl pleaded guilty to a single count of filing a false tax return , and Jaramillo has pleaded to filing a false return and failing to disclose numerous payments or gifts while assistant sheriff .
Both are awaiting sentencing .
Advertisement
In January 2007 , Jaramillo pleaded no contest to perjury and misuse of a county helicopter on charges stemming from an Orange County grand jury investigation .
He received a year ’s jail sentence .
Haidl testified that he and his family became good friends with the Carona and Jaramillo families shortly after meeting them in the months leading up to Carona ’s successful run for sheriff in 1998 .
It was Jaramillo , Haidl testified , who first brought up the idea of raising $ 30,000 in campaign contributions .
Carona joined the conversation shortly , Haidl testified , and the three later discussed how to skirt campaign finance laws .
It also was Jaramillo , Haidl testified , who told him that he would “ own the Sheriff ’s Department ” if he joined the Carona - Jaramillo team .
Repeatedly in his testimony , when Sagel asked Haidl who was present during some allegedly illegal or nefarious activity , Haidl replied , “ Mike Carona and George Jaramillo . ”
The Carona defense team , one presumes , would like nothing more than for jurors to believe that Haidl and Jaramillo were solely responsible for whatever nefarious activities occurred .
Advertisement
When the three men ’s friendship ruptured , it was Jaramillo who first worried Haidl the most .
Carona talked of firing Jaramillo more than a year before he did , but Haidl testified that he cautioned that Jaramillo might turn vindictive .
By then , according to Haidl ’s testimony , he ’d already begun giving Carona and Jaramillo illegal monthly cash payments and other gifts .
He was so concerned , Haidl testified , that at one point he suggested Carona try to find a city outside of Orange County where Jaramillo might be named police chief .
He jokingly proposed Yuma , Ariz .
During one of the secretly recorded conversations between Haidl and Carona , set up by the government , Carona is heard talking about Jaramillo .
“ I could n’t control this guy , ” he says , recounting why he fired him .
“ So , man , he ’s just -- he was just -- he ’s just [ expletive ] evil . ”
Even allowing for exaggeration , it was a far cry from another segment of the same conversation when Carona talks about how much he trusted Jaramillo when they teamed up for the 1998 election .
Advertisement
So , do prosecutors put Jaramillo , who would appear to be carrying more baggage than a Marriott hotel porter , on the stand ?
For courtroom strategy , I ’ve been tapping Lawrence Rosenthal , a former assistant U.S. attorney in Illinois and now a law professor at Chapman University .
“ Your clue as to whether the government thinks its case has gone well is if they do n’t call Jaramillo , ” he says .
“ He , as a dirty witness , is going to be a guy that the jury wo n’t like . ”
“ Dirty witness ” is a term for someone who has pleaded to crimes connected to the case .
“ The fact that they called Haidl early in the case tells you that prosecutors think he ’s a better witness than Jaramillo , ” Rosenthal says .
“ He presents better . ”
Why risk calling Jaramillo at all , then ?
“ He would surely corroborate Haidl ’s testimony , ” Rosenthal says .
“ In that sense , he brings something to the table . ”
Advertisement
Cumulative testimony from multiple witnesses can overwhelm a defendant , Rosenthal says , but Jaramillo and Haidl alone do n’t meet that threshold , even if augmented by the taped conversations that the government believes show guilt .
“ If they call Jaramillo , ” Rosenthal says , “ that is some indication they ’re not comfortable having the case go to the jury solely on Haidl ’s account . ”
--
dana.parsons@latimes.com
DIGG THIS
The US government does not have a monopoly on hypocrisy , but no other government can match the hypocrisy of the US government .
It is now well documented and known all over the world that the US government tortured detainees at Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo and that the US government has had people kidnaped and " rendentioned , " that is , transported to third - world countries , such as Egypt , to be tortured .
Also documented and well known is the fact that the US Department of Justice provided written memos justifying the torture of detainees .
One torture advocate who wrote the DOJ memos that gave the green light to the Bush regime ’s use of torture is John Yoo , a Vietnamese immigrant who somehow secured a US Justice Department appointment and a tenured professorship at the University of California , Berkeley , Boalt Hall School of Law .
Members of Berkeley ’s city council believe that Yoo should be charged with war crimes .
The US government has charged lesser offenders than Yoo with war crimes .
Yoo helped the DOJ achieve the Bush regime ’s goal of finding a way around the torture prohibitions of both US statutory law and the Geneva Conventions .
The way around the law that Yoo provided for the sadistic Bush regime was closed down by the US Supreme Court , which voided Yoo ’s arguments , and Yoo ’s torture memo was rescinded by the Department of Justice .
Nevertheless ,
Yoo ’s obvious constitutional incompetence , which in Yoo ’s case is total , has not affected his position as professor of constitutional law at Berkeley .
Can you imagine the harm
Yoo is doing by teaching future cadres of lawyers and government officials that torture is consistent with the Constitution and the law of the land ?
How many of us will suffer from this ignorant man ’s teachings ?
But I digress .
Even as the US government was torturing people , the US government was prosecuting the son of Charles Taylor , the former ruler of Liberia , for torturing political opponents of his father ’s government .
The US government did not employ the Yoo torture memo to justify Liberia ’s use of torture against those who wished to overthrow the Liberian government or commit terror against it .
The US government ’s position is that Liberia ’s government had no right to use torture to defend itself .
Only an " indispensable nation " such as the US has the right to torture people who are imagined to threaten it .
I use the word " imagined " because approximately 99 percent of the detainees tortured by America were totally innocent people picked up at random or sold to the stupid Americans by warlords as " terrorists . "
( The US government offered rewards for terrorists , like the bounty offered for outlaws in the " wild west . "
The result was that warlords in Afghanistan and Pakistan grabbed whoever was not one of them and sold their captives to Americans as " terrorists . " )
According to Carrie Johnson , a Washington Post staff writer , on October 30 , 2008 , a federal jury in Miami convicted Charles Taylor ’s son , Chuckie , of torture .
Chuckie will be sentenced by the indispensable Americans in January for torture , conspiracy and firearms violations .
He may spend the rest of his life in an American prison .
While Chuckie ’s trial was underway , the Bush regime was torturing people .
The Washington Post writes that Chuckie ’s conviction is " the first test of an American law that gives prosecutors the power to bring charges for acts of torture committed in foreign lands . "
In other words , US law against torture applies to the entire world , to every other country except the United States .
The hubris is unimaginable — no country can torture except the US .
Anyone else who tortures gets life , or in the case of Saddam Hussein gets hung by the neck until dead .
Is n’t it great to be an American .
Our laws do n’t apply to us , only to every other nation .
This is what it means to be the moral light of the world , the unipower , the salt of the earth .
Neither poor Carrie Johnson nor her editors at the Washington Post see the irony or the paradox .
Johnson writes in the Washington Post that the US prosecutors " accused Taylor of taking part in atrocities and directing subordinates to torture victims using . . . electrical devices from 1999 to 2002 . "
That charge practically overlaps in time with Bush ’s , or Cheney ’s , or Yoo ’s , or the DOJ ’s , or Rumfeld ’s , or whoever ’s direction to subordinates to torture people detained by Americans at Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo , and in various CIA rendition sites .
By now everyone in the world has seen the photograph of the hooded Iraqi with electrical wires attached standing on that box in Abu Ghraib .
If only American laws applied to the American government .
Then the criminals who have been in charge for 8 years could be prosecuted for their extreme violation of United States laws .
But , of course , the great moral American government is far above the law .
American law only applies to dispensable nations .
America is not answerable to law , not to its own law and not to international law .
US attorney general Michael Mukasey affirmed that the US government is above all law when he told the Senate Judiciary Committee that there would be no investigation or prosecution of those Bush regime officials who authorized torture and those who carried out the sadistic acts .
The American government , the government of the great indispensable nation , has a free pass .
The strong do what they will .
The weak suffer what they must .
Paul Craig Roberts Archives
The Best of Paul Craig Roberts
The Christmas presents the stars are giving !
Christmas shopping must be a lot easier when you have millions in the bank - but while some stars give generously , there are also plenty of celebrity Scrooges !
Actresses Charlize Theron and Cameron Diaz are buying up houses this Christmas , as the recent financial crisis means that Beverley Hills property is a real bargain so there is no better time to snap it up .
Singer Jessica Simpson and actresses Kate Hudson and Anne Hathaway are into their retro clothing at the moment so are treating themselves and loved ones to 50s blouses and Tiffany jewellery from the 60s .
Celebrity mums and dads – such as Kate Winslet , Nicole Kidman and Meryl Streep - will be busy Christmas shopping for their little darlings .
“ For us Christmas is only about the kids , ” Hollywood star Julia Roberts said .
The actress earns about € 15 million per film , which means she can afford some exciting stocking fillers !
A Yuletide tune Webcam Julia
She can Ring my Bells any time she likes !
Saucy German internet sensation ' Webcam Julia ' , famous for stripping off online , has released a sexy Christmas song called ' Ring my Bells ' .
Superstar Beyoncee is n't strapped for cash either , but apparently only gives her friends and family exotic teas and soaps for Christmas .
Lindsay Lohan is reluctant to break the bank as well , and wraps up leggings from her own range as presents .
Angelina Jolie is also a bit of a scrooge and does n’t get the point of Christmas .
Imagine explaining that to six empty - handed kids on Christmas day !
Luckily , dad Brad Pitt plays Santa and ordered tonnes of toys from Toys ’ R’ Us .
Paris Hilton , meanwhile , is encouraging her loved ones to join her on a spiritual journey – by giving them Tarot cards .
The most generous of all Hollywood stars seems to be actor Jim Carrey .
The actor gave all his colleagues a Porsche a couple of years ago , and this year is sending them off on an exotic spa holiday !
Daniel Sylvester can't forget the night the police fired 50,000 volts of electricity into his skull .
The 46 - year - old grandfather owns his own security business , and he was recently walking down the street when a police van screeched up to him .
He did n't know what they wanted , but obeyed when they told him to approach slowly .
" I then had this incredible jolt of pain on the back of my head , " he explains .
The electricity made him spasm ; as he fell to the ground , he felt his teeth scatter on the tarmac and his bowels open .
" Then they shot me again in the head .
I ca n't describe the pain . "
( Another victim says it is " like someone reached into my body to rip my muscles apart with a fork . " )
The police then saw he was not the person they were looking for , said he was free to go , and drove off .
This did not happen in Egypt or Saudi Arabia or any other country notorious for using electro - shock weapons .
It happened in north London and , if the Home Secretary , Jacqui Smith , has her way , it will be coming soon to a street near you .
In Britain there are 3,000 police officers trained to use Tasers as part of specialised armed response units , but Smith has fired a jolt forward .
She wants there to be 30,000 Taser - carrying officers , authorised to use them against unarmed citizens , including children .
These " stun- guns " fire small metal darts into your skin , and through the trailing wires run an agonising electric current through your body .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Smith is right to say that the police face a growing threat of violence , and these heroic frontline officers must have the means to defend themselves .
She 's also right to argue it better to use a Taser than to use a gun .
But the police can already swiftly call out armed response teams , equipped with Tasers and firearms .
If we move beyond this to a widespread culture of assault by electricity , it will only endanger the police – and the rest of us .
Smith wants
Tasers to be distributed well beyond the ranks of specially trained firearms officers , but Tasers can kill .
Amnesty International has just published a report showing that , since 2001 , 334 people have died in the US during or just after Tasering .
Jarrel Gray was a partially deaf 20 - year - old black man involved in an argument in the street in Frederick County , Maryland , when the police approached him and ordered him to lie on the ground .
He did n't hear them – so they Tasered him .
As he lay paralysed on the ground , they told him to show his hands .
He could n't obey .
They Tasered him again .
Jarrel died in hospital two hours later .
Ryan Rich was a 33 - year - old medical doctor who had an epileptic seizure while driving his car on a Nevada highway .
He crashed into the side of the road .
The police smashed a window to get into the car and Ryan woke up , startled .
The police officer reacted by Tasering him repeatedly .
Only when they were handcuffing him did they notice he was turning blue .
He was dead before he got to hospital .
The coroner noted dryly that the Taser " probably contributed " to his death .
Taser International 's brochures claim their weapons have " no after - effects . "
There may , in fact , be even more deaths than are recorded .
Taser International has responded to medical examiners saying their weapons kill not by changing their weapons , but by suing the medical examiners .
After the chief medical examiner of Summit Country , Ohio , ruled that Tasering caused the death of three young men , they sued her , and she was forced to remove the conclusions from her reports .
The president of the National Association of Medical Examiners says Taser International 's behaviour is " dangerously close to intimidation " .
Yet Smith appears still to be taking the corporate propaganda of Taser International – who dominate the international stun - gun market – at face value .
The company are startlingly glib when their spiel begins to crumble .
A recent scientific study conducted by biomedical engineers for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation found that nine per cent of the guns give a far larger electric shock than advertised .
Some sent a 58 per cent higher voltage through the victim 's body .
Steve Tuttle , the vice - president of Taser , responded : " Regardless of whether or not the anomaly is accurate , it has no bearing on safety . "
The UK Defence Scientific Advisory Council has warned there is research suggesting that Tasers could cause " a serious cardiac event " when fired at children .
But still Smith wo n't compromise .
Everyday on - the - beat policing does n0t happen in the tightly controlled scenarios imagined by the Home Office .
It is messy and scrappy and carried out at high speed by people who are frightened and coursing with adrenaline : some 90 per cent of Tasered people in the US are unarmed .
Matthew Fogg , who led a SWAT team in the US , warns that Tasers create a culture where " if I do n't like you , I can torture you " .
If we slip into that policing culture , mistrust and violence against police officers can only increase .
That 's why so many senior police are highly sceptical about Smith 's plans , from the former head of the Flying Squad , John O'Connor , to the former head of the West Midlands Police , Barry Mason .
Far from lowering violence , Tasers seem to lower the threshold that by which the police resort to violence – and criminals respond by lowering theirs .
In the US , a 16 - year - old schoolboy was Tasered by cops in a playground for " using profanity " ; a dementia - riddled man in his eighties was shocked for urinating in the park ; 50,000 volts were fired at a 17 - year - old boy who had fallen off an overpass and broken his back .
The Metropolitan Police have said they wo n't participate in Smith 's Taser roll - out because they know it 'll be particularly disastrous for relations with black and Asian communities .
In the US , only 18 per cent of Tasered people are white .
Imagine if the boys in Brixton and Moss Side were n't just been stopped - and - searched – which creates enough grievance – but apprehended in this way .
How many Taser attacks would have to make it onto YouTube before we have riots ?
Daniel Sylvester still has nightmares about what happened to him .
If we do n't stop Jacqui Smith , many more British people will be joining him – and we will all be in for a shock .
j.hari@independent.co.uk
Thieves in Jamaica have embarrassed police and triggered a political row by stealing a beach - and making a clean getaway .
Hundreds of tonnes of white sand vanished from a planned resort on the island 's north coast in July but three months later there is no sign of suspects nor sand .
An estimated 500 truck - loads of sand were removed from the Coral Spring beach in Trelawny and were believed to have been sold to rival resorts , a hefty logistical feat which has stumped police .
" It 's a very complex investigation because it involves so many aspects , " Mark Shields , the deputy commissioner for crime at the Jamaica Constabulary Force , told the BBC .
" You 've got the receivers of the stolen sand , or what we believe to be the sand .
The trucks themselves , the organisers and , of course , there is some suspicion that some police were in collusion with the movers of the sand . "
A lot of sand is used in unregulated home - building across the Caribbean island but the scale and organisation behind the Trelawny heist - amounting to 400 m ( 1,300 ft ) of strand - raised suspicions that hotels may have been involved .
Jamaica 's rampant crime is fuelled by competition for another type of white powder , cocaine , but few are laughing at the novelty of sand theft .
The prime minister , Bruce Golding , has reportedly taken a special interest in the case .
The opposition People 's National party has alleged a cover-up .
Developers of the planned $ 108 m ( £ 63 m ) Coral Spring complex have suspended operations and commissioned an environmental study into the impact of the missing beach on nearby saltpans , mangroves and dry limestone forests .
The Jamaica Environmental Advocacy Network has expressed concern and urged authorities to investigate hotels which were under construction at the time of the theft .
Builders are supposed to keep records of their supplies , including sand .
Critics claim that corruption has long dogged beachfront developments .
" Sand is being kicked in our faces , especially by our current government which cannot see beyond its relationship with the capitalist - minded private sector , " wrote an anonymous commentator on abengnews.com .
Police are testing other beaches for traces of the missing sand , and local media reported that some of the sand had been located on beaches on the northern coast .
So far there have been no arrests .
A question mark has hung over the constabulary 's forensic skills since last year , when it launched a high - profile murder investigation into the death of the Pakistan cricket coach Bob Woolmer only to later rule out foul play .
Last year , thieves in Hungary stole hundreds of tonnes of sand from a riverside resort 's artificial beach .
Adding insult to injury , the thieves also stripped Mindszentas of its beach huts and sun loungers .
November 17 , 2008
O... M... G... BEEDRIL IZ NOT IN FOREST HOW CAN THIS BE ?
Hey .
Shut up .
Ha but seriously you evolve Kakuna into Bedrill at what ?
Level 10 ?
Fire type wins hands down .
Even if it 's a lower level .
God I sound like a tool .
Side note on this strip .
It was the first I ever drew for this comic .
Redrawn recently to match the current style .
- Scott The Giant Tool
RSS Feed
LINK TO HERE :
< Back to VG Cats
The free desktop has been in “ catchup ” mode : catching up to first Windows and now nipping at the heels of the Mac .
Our path has been obvious to date .
In some areas , our technology and applications lead ; in others we still lag .
From here on , progress becomes much less clear , though I ’ll bet on the moving herd and natural selection of free software over directed closed commercial development any day .
How now to move from such a reactive strategy to true leadership in all areas ?
How do you set strategy , when our very culture is that of serendipity , discovery , sharing of ideas , and creation ?
where a single vision cannot rule ?
I recently attended the UIST conference , and discovered there was essentially no overlap between the research community and our own .
The conference ( in free software terms ) was expensive and much was uninteresting to me personally ( though most would be interesting to someone in the free desktop community ) .
But a couple of gems at UIST were there that made the trip worth while .
For me , it was OctoPocus .
For you , it will likely be something else .
For another concrete example , the Facades work built on Metisse is not well known in our community .
I highly recommend watching the videos you find at those web sites .
Facades , published several years ago , combines at - spi and composite to do things that are n’t possible anywhere else .
You too , could edit the gimp in real time to have the UI you want !
Peter Korn only became aware of Facades last week , after I had stumbled across it while investigating other work .
My jaw dropped .
Peter ’s jaw dropped .
Please add your jaw to the collection on the floor .
We could have deployed this by now !
But we did not know it existed !
Dan Olsen notes in “ Evaluating User Interface Systems Research “ :
“ This search for fatal flaws is devastating for systems research .
It is virtually impossible for a small team of researchers to recreate all of the capabilities of existing systems or to completely examine all of the eventualities of new concepts .
The farther such a team reaches into new territory the more compromises will be required and the more supporting ideas must be left unresolved .
If a new systems approach is attempted , the omissions of some important feature is guaranteed .
The existence of a fatal flaw is a given .
If the evaluation of the work is focused on “ what does it not do ” no research system will ever pass .
Flaw analysis will frequently be a barrier to new systems research . ”
As a result , UI systems research has stagnated due to combined effect of the middleware of the UI stack being closed ( or in our case , until the recent flowering of the free desktop undid more than a decade of stagnation ) and this effect .
Many good ideas of all kinds have been explored from hardware , to window system UI ideas , to UI ideas for specific classes of applications .
But there is much less proof of which ideas actually works in a real system , for the reasons Dan lays out .
The resulting research experiments are usually “ toy ” systems , and toy applications , built in the limited environment of MacIntosh and Windows where much of the system is off - limits .
The research community has neither the resources nor ( if they work on Mac and / or Windows ) the ability to make advances “ real ” .
But we do !
We have the resources , the open system , and the ability to and desire to innovate .
Our fundamental advantage we have is the ability to experiment and modify all areas of the stack ; from hardware , to the window system , though toolkits to applications .
Just as compositing has allowed a thousand flowers to bloom ( most of which stink , but we ’ve picked some that smell pretty sweet ) in eye candy , accessibility and in other areas , compositing and other modern free software technologies can be used in new an unexpected ways .
We are able to perform experiments , and have a large audience to test the experiments radically faster than commercial software .
Nice as the Web is , there are just some things you ca n’t do in the web until the underlying technologies have support .
20 years of frustration in the UI research community shows that pushing from research to commercial vendors does not and cannot work at more than a glacial pace .
Let us pull people to free software by out innovating and becoming the system with the best user experience , by pulling with the best ideas of free software and research innovation .
How to lead ?
I think some of what is going on now ( e.g. the work to bring journals to avoid file management among others ) are fundamental .
But there are also almost 20 years of ideas lying fallow since the first flowering of UI work in the 1980’s .
By mining research for the best ideas , fostering collaboration with researchers when possible , and combining with your own good ideas and production code now on millions of desktops , we can accelerate our progress .
Thankfully , the ACM is becoming more enlightened : conference proceedings and videos once locked up are now available .
( Dan Olsen points out that videos done later found on the researcher ’s web sites are often better than those presented at the conference ; due to an oversight , the UIST 2008 videos are not yet up ) .
The proceedings of UIST is one good place to start for the free desktop community .
There is a list of other ACM conferences on many other topics .
Go see which ideas are worth grabbing and running with !
This is a two way street : I had great fun demonstrating Compiz Fusion and some of our eye candy ( as well as showing videos of Facades and Metisse ) to a number of UIST attendees , who had been unaware that the free desktop had advanced beyond the commercial state of the art , already solving in a real system , problems they could not solve in their “ toy ” research prototypes on Windows and Mac .
When you have a chance , this is also very worth while : the more bright people working on free software , the better .
But it is up to you to figure out which ideas are good , which are bad ( and why ) , which ideas really work , recombine them with your own great ideas , and get them into people ’s hands ( both literally , and on the desktop ) !
Share this : Print
Twitter
Facebook
More
Email
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Our friend nanotechnology has produced a flexible , stretchable , transparent material thinner than paper that can be used as a speaker .
This new material can be inserted into clothing , wallpaper , right into the ears or onto windows .
The material has been developed by Chinese scientists and is made up of carbon nano tube films and could be used to produce the world ’s thinnest speakers .
The new carbon material , which is 1/1000th the width of a human hair can produce sound with the “ same quality of conventional speakers ” but does not require magnetic drivers or any moving parts at all .
This means that it can fit almost anywhere .
I ’d love to walk down the street in my speaker - shirt playing my favorite songs .
Here is a video of the material embedded onto a moving , flexible flag .
It ’s plugged into the researcher ’s iPod .
My mind boggles at the potential applications of this material .
Speakers on walls , speakers in hats , in bike or motorcycle helmets or on your shirt .
How about SUPER small ear buds , sound right from your TV screen or the ultimate bling – a popped shirt collar that produces music .
Here is the abstract from the report that is to be presented on Dec 10th :
We found that very thin carbon nanotube films , once fed by sound frequency electric currents , could emit loud sounds .
This phenomenon could be attributed to a thermoacoustic effect .
The ultra small heat capacity per unit area of carbon nanotube thin films leads to a wide frequency response range and a high sound pressure level .
On the basis of this finding , we made practical carbon nanotube thin film loudspeakers , which possess the merits of nanometer thickness and are transparent , flexible , stretchable , and magnet - free .
Such a single - element thin film loudspeaker can be tailored into any shape and size , freestanding or on any insulating surfaces , which could open up new applications of and approaches to manufacturing loudspeakers and other acoustic devices .
Now if only these speakers could do this .
Students dressed as Dracula , Batman and even Snow White were turned away at security checkpoints at high school football games Friday night .
Some North Texas school districts banned Halloween costumes at the football games .
" I think it 's stupid , " said one frustrated teenager stuck outside the Eastern Hills - Arlington Heights game in Fort Worth .
" It 's pointless .
It 's Halloween .
You 're supposed to dress up . "
One girl was stopped when she arrived at Handley Field dressed as a New York Yankee .
" They told me to wipe my black eye off and take my hat off and put a jacket on and I could come in , " she said .
" We 're not bad kids .
I 'm student body president .
We 're supporting our high school . "
Another student , Nick Hayes , a sophomore at Eastern Hills , had to leave his Dracula outfit at the security gate .
" I was showing my spirit , and I thought I was having fun , " he said .
The Fort Worth Independent School District enforces its everyday dress code at football games , said district spokesman Clint Bond .
And on Halloween , that meant no costumes .
Policies vary from district to district .
In Weatherford , for example , Halloween costumes are also forbidden .
In Arlington , the school district allows individual principals to make their own rules .
A few parents said they supported the strict dress code .
" I think it 's a good idea for them not to have costumes because it would just be a lot of controversy , " said one mother cheering on Eastern Hills .
But other parents said the real controversy was created by trying to ban Halloween .
" It 's just stupid , " one father said .
" All I have is this , " said Hayes , pointing to his black Dracula cape .
" I do n't understand . "
Shortly before halftime , Arlington Heights Principal Neta Alexander called a district administrator , who agreed to relax the dress code and allow students in costume to watch the game as long as they did not wear masks over their faces .
" I knew when we banned a 3 - year - old Snow White , we were in trouble , " Alexander said .
" Common sense finally prevailed . "
But it came too late for some fans -- many of those turned away at the gate had already gone home .
Rising carbon dioxide levels are increasing acidity in the oceans 10 times faster than scientists thought , posing a greater threat to shell - forming creatures such as coral and mussels .
An eight - year project in the Pacific has found that rising marine acid levels will challenge many organisms , because their shell - making chemistry is critically dependent on a less acidic , more alkaline environment .
The study monitored seawater pH levels at the north - east Pacific island of Tatoosh off Washington state in the United States .
Timothy Wootton , from Chicago University , said scientists found that acidity levels increased at more than 10 times the rate predicted by computer models designed to study the link between atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide and ocean acidity .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Atmospheric carbon dioxide levels have increased by about 100 parts per million since the start of the industrial revolution and are now at their highest point in at least 650,000 years .
About a third of man-made carbon dioxide emissions has dissolved into the oceans .
As carbon dioxide dissolves in seawater , it forms carbonic acid , which lowers the ocean 's alkalinity and pH level , making it more acidic .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) predicted last year that most coral reefs would disappear by the century 's end because of rising temperatures and ocean acidity .
However , this latest study , published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , suggests that the rate of ocean acidification may be far higher than the rate used by the IPCC scientists in their assessment of future prospects for shell - forming marine creatures such as corals .
Professor Wootton said : " An alarming surprise is how rapidly pH has declined over the study period ...
These data point to the urgency of obtaining a globally extensive set of ocean pH data through time , and suggest that our understanding of ocean pH may be incomplete .
" The results showed that variation on ocean pH through time was most strongly associated with increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide , which supports the prediction that increasing release of CO2 to the atmosphere leads to ocean acidification . "
The study was unusual in that it looked at acidity in the ocean 's intertidal region , inhabited by shell - forming creatures such as barnacles and mussels .
Professor Wootton said there was a shortage of data on ocean acidification , especially in non-tropical regions , which this study addressed .
" Our study reveals the strongest negative impacts of declining pH are on several species of particular importance – large calcifying mussels and goose barnacles .
This finding illustrates several reasons why the effects of declining ocean pH are of general concern , as these species create critical habitats for other coastal species , are important players in coastal nutrient processing , and reflect the more general risks to shellfish harvesting . "
The highest court in Nepal has issued a ruling granting full rights to lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , and intersexual citizens .
The final judgement was issued today .
" It reiterates that all LGBTIs are defined as a " natural person " and their physical growth as well as sexual orientation , gender identity , expression are all part of natural growing process .
Thus equal rights , identity and expression must be ensured regardless of their sex at birth . " ( Pink News )
Furthermore , the court has instructed a study into countries which have same - sex marriage practice and has ordered the legislature to introduce a bill putting forth full marriage equality which is expected to pass .
We 've got so used to the carnage of the Middle East that we do n't care any more – providing we do n't offend the Israelis .
It 's not clear how many of the Gaza dead are civilians , but the response of the Bush administration , not to mention the pusillanimous reaction of Gordon Brown , reaffirm for Arabs what they have known for decades : however they struggle against their antagonists , the West will take Israel 's side .
As usual , the bloodbath was the fault of the Arabs – who , as we all know , only understand force .
Ever since 1948 , we 've been hearing this balderdash from the Israelis – just as Arab nationalists and then Arab Islamists have been peddling their own lies : that the Zionist " death wagon " will be overthrown , that all Jerusalem will be " liberated " .
And always Mr Bush Snr or Mr Clinton or Mr Bush Jnr or Mr Blair or Mr Brown have called upon both sides to exercise " restraint " – as if the Palestinians and the Israelis both have F - 18s and Merkava tanks and field artillery .
Hamas 's home - made rockets have killed just 20 Israelis in eight years , but a day - long blitz by Israeli aircraft that kills almost 300 Palestinians is just par for the course .
The blood - splattering has its own routine .
Yes , Hamas provoked Israel 's anger , just as Israel provoked Hamas 's anger , which was provoked by Israel , which was provoked by Hamas , which ...
See what I mean ?
Hamas fires rockets at Israel , Israel bombs Hamas , Hamas fires more rockets and Israel bombs again and ...
Got it ?
And we demand security for Israel – rightly – but overlook this massive and utterly disproportionate slaughter by Israel .
It was Madeleine Albright who once said that Israel was " under siege " – as if Palestinian tanks were in the streets of Tel Aviv .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
By last night , the exchange rate stood at 296 Palestinians dead for one dead Israeli .
Back in 2006 , it was 10 Lebanese dead for one Israeli dead .
This weekend was the most inflationary exchange rate in a single day since – the 1973 Middle East War ?
The 1967 Six Day War ?
The 1956 Suez War ?
The 1948 Independence / Nakba War ?
It 's obscene , a gruesome game – which Ehud Barak , the Israeli Defence Minister , unconsciously admitted when he spoke this weekend to Fox TV .
" Our intention is to totally change the rules of the game , " Barak said .
Exactly .
Only the " rules " of the game do n't change .
This is a further slippage on the Arab - Israeli exchanges , a percentage slide more awesome than Wall Street 's crashing shares , though of not much interest in the US which – let us remember – made the F - 18s and the Hellfire missiles which the Bush administration pleads with Israel to use sparingly .
Quite a lot of the dead this weekend appear to have been Hamas members , but what is it supposed to solve ?
Is Hamas going to say : " Wow , this blitz is awesome – we'd better recognise the state of Israel , fall in line with the Palestinian Authority , lay down our weapons and pray we are taken prisoner and locked up indefinitely and support a new American ' peace process ' in the Middle East ! "
Is that what the Israelis and the Americans and Gordon Brown think Hamas is going to do ?
Yes , let 's remember Hamas 's cynicism , the cynicism of all armed Islamist groups .
Their need for Muslim martyrs is as crucial to them as Israel 's need to create them .
The lesson Israel thinks it is teaching – come to heel or we will crush you – is not the lesson Hamas is learning .
Hamas needs violence to emphasise the oppression of the Palestinians – and relies on Israel to provide it .
A few rockets into Israel and Israel obliges .
Not a whimper from Tony Blair , the peace envoy to the Middle East who 's never been to Gaza in his current incarnation .
Not a bloody word .
We hear the usual Israeli line .
General Yaakov Amidror , the former head of the Israeli army 's " research and assessment division " announced that " no country in the world would allow its citizens to be made the target of rocket attacks without taking vigorous steps to defend them " .
Quite so .
But when the IRA were firing mortars over the border into Northern Ireland , when their guerrillas were crossing from the Republic to attack police stations and Protestants , did Britain unleash the RAF on the Irish Republic ?
Did the RAF bomb churches and tankers and police stations and zap 300 civilians to teach the Irish a lesson ?
No , it did not .
Because the world would have seen it as criminal behaviour .
We did n't want to lower ourselves to the IRA 's level .
Yes , Israel deserves security .
But these bloodbaths will not bring it .
Not since 1948 have air raids protected Israel .
Israel has bombed Lebanon thousands of times since 1975 and not one has eliminated " terrorism " .
So what was the reaction last night ?
The Israelis threaten ground attacks .
Hamas waits for another battle .
Our Western politicians crouch in their funk holes .
And somewhere to the east – in a cave ?
a basement ? on a mountainside ?
– a well - known man in a turban smiles .
All but one of the people arrested in last year 's anti-terrorism raids in New Zealand have been committed to stand trial .
Eighteen people have been facing 343 charges of illegally possessing firearms and explosives .
They were arrested during raids in October last year which focussed on Maori and environmental groups .
When the judge ruled there was not enough evidence to send one of the men to trial , supporters inside the Auckland District Court cheered and clapped .
Outside , protesters held up signs criticising police .
The other 17 people charged will stand trial and have been remanded on bail to appear back in court in February .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Bernie Conatser has never seen business this good .
Bernie Conatser , owner of Virginia Arms Company , displays one of his rifles .
The owner of a gun shop in the Washington suburb of Manassas , Virginia , Conatser said sales have doubled or tripled since this time last year .
On Saturday , he said , he did as much business as he would normally do in a week .
" I have been in business for 12 years , and I was here for Y2K , September 11 , Katrina , " Conatser said , as a steady stream of customers browsed what remained of his stock .
" And all of those were big events , and we did notice a spike in business , but nothing on the order of what we are seeing right now . "
Weapons dealers in much of the United States are reporting sharply higher sales since Barack Obama won the presidency a week ago .
Buyers and sellers attribute the surge to worries that Obama and a Democratic - controlled Congress will move to restrict firearm ownership , despite the insistence of campaign aides that the president - elect supports gun rights and considers the issue a low priority .
Watch shoppers snap up guns of all types »
According to FBI figures for the week of November 3 to 9 , the bureau received more than 374,000 requests for background checks on gun purchasers -- a nearly 49 percent increase over the same period in 2007 .
Conatser said his store , Virginia Arms Company , has run out of some models -- such as the AR - 15 rifle , the civilian version of the military 's M - 16 -- and is running low on others .
Such assault weapons are among the firearms that gun dealers and customers say they fear Obama will hit with new restrictions , or even take off the market .
Virginia gun owner Kyle Lewandowski said he was buying a . 45 - caliber pistol to " hedge my bets . "
" Every election year , you have to worry about your rights being eroded a little bit at a time , " he said .
" I also knew , because of the Democrat majority and because of the election , everybody would have the same reaction I did , " he added .
But Peter Hamm , a spokesman for the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , called the buying spree " goofy . "
He said widespread talk of banning guns is a " sales pitch . "
" With the glacial speed that we make progress on sensible gun laws , savvy gun consumers should know better than to think they have to rush out and buy guns , " Hamm said .
Similar surges accompanied the election of Bill Clinton , the last Democratic president , he added .
Dealers in Colorado , Ohio , Connecticut and New Hampshire also reported seeing major increases .
" It 's a fact that the liberal Democrats that now control all three branches of our government do not like guns .
They want us out of business , " Connecticut resident Scott Hoffman said .
" They do n't want the average American to have a right to defend themselves . "
And New Hampshire gun owner Lloyd Clement said , " I think there 's going to be an attack to some degree on the gun owners . "
The Clinton administration imposed a ban on several types of military - style semi-automatic rifles and high - capacity magazines in 1994 , but that ban was allowed to lapse in 2004 .
Obama has proposed restoring the ban , requiring background checks for buyers at gun shows , and other " common - sense measures . "
He has said he supports the rights of local governments to set their own gun laws , but believes the Second Amendment to the Constitution protects individual gun rights .
" I believe the Second Amendment means something .
I do think it speaks to an individual right , " Obama said in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , in February .
With the U.S. economy in a tailspin , however , the president - elect 's advisers say gun legislation is not a high priority .
" What people do is their own business , and if they decide to go out and buy guns they 'll go out and buy guns , assuming that they are eligible to buy guns , " John Podesta , the co-chairman of Obama 's transition team , told reporters Sunday .
" But I think that President - elect Obama has been clear in his campaign that what he wants to focus on is the economy , trying to get jobs growing again , dealing with the health care crisis , and dealing with our dependence on foreign oil . "
Some customers are stocking up specifically on ammunition and point to concerns raised by the National Rifle Association , which ran anti-Obama ads during the campaign .
The NRA said Obama would support a " huge new tax on my guns and ammo , " referencing a 1999 article in a Chicago newspaper saying the then - Illinois state senator promoted a plan to increase federal taxes by 500 percent on the sales of firearms and ammunition .
But as a state legislator , Obama would not have had any control over federal taxes .
And as a U.S. senator and presidential candidate , he has not introduced or promoted such a proposal .
" I do n't really believe it is fear .
It is more there is just uncertainty , " said Virginia customer David Reynolds , who was buying ammunition in the store as well as ordering more online .
" You know , we do n't really know what is going on , " he said .
" There really has n't been a lot of clear direction on where he supports it , although he says he supports the Second Amendment .
But it just remains to be seen .
I think some people are just uncomfortable with what his policy may be . "
All About Barack Obama • National Rifle Association • Gun Control
27.10.2011 · A new type of steam engine has been developed in the USA that could see coal - or oil - fired steam power returning to the sea , writes Dag ...
Half of prostitutes in BJ unaware of condoms ' benefits
By Xie Chuanjiao ( China Daily )
Updated : 2008-11-26 07:09
More than half of Beijing 's 90,000 prostitutes still do not ask clients to use condoms despite more people contracting HIV / AIDS through sexual contact , a municipal health official said Tuesday .
Only 46.5 percent of the prostitutes use condoms , said Fang Laiying , the Beijing municipal public health bureau chief .
This made them more vulnerable to the deadly virus .
Sexual transmission has replaced intravenous drug use ( IDU ) as the main cause of HIV / AIDS in the capital , accounting for 54.6 percent of infections , Fang told a work conference .
Though the HIV / AIDS infection rate in Beijing is still considered low , the spread of the virus has to be checked , Fang said .
By the end of last month , the capital had 5,635 known HIV / AIDS patients , with 21 percent of them being Beijing residents , 75.1 percent non-Beijing residents and 3.9 percent foreigners .
The first HIV / AIDS case was detected in Beijing in 1985 .
In the first 10 months of this year , 755 new cases were reported - a drop of about 22 percent year - on - year - with 219 of them being foreigners .
Another alarming trend is the spread of the disease among the not - so - high - risk groups " largely because of increased transmission through sexual contact " , Fang said .
From 2004 to 2007 , the percentage of infection through sexual contact increased from 25 percent to 42 percent , and this year has seen another big jump , to nearly 55 percent .
" The HIV / AIDS transmission rate among homosexuals has increased greatly , " Fang said .
A study shows the rate of infection among homosexuals has risen from 0.5 percent in 2004 to 5.5 percent this year .
Altogether , 248 of this year 's , or 33 percent of the total , are homosexuals .
An effective way to prevent contracting the virus is to use a condom with a new or unknown sexual partner .
That 's why the health bureau has decided to promote distribution of condoms at all public venues , Fang said .
Apart from the 22,000 spots where free condoms are already available , the bureau will supply the contraceptive free in all Beijing hotels , restaurants and resorts by the end of this year .
The city already has 3,000 condom vending machines , and the bureau will install more machines at all entertainment venues in Beijing , including nightclubs , discos , karaoke bars and sauna and massage parlors .
Such machines will also be installed at construction sites where more than 500 people work .
The health bureau launched a campaign earlier this year to raise migrant workers ' awareness about HIV / AIDS and teach them preventive measures .
The Ministry of Health announced in September that sexual transmission had overtaken IDU as the main cause of HIV / AIDS in the country .
There are about 700,000 HIV - positive patients , including an estimated 85,000 full - blown AIDS cases in the country , said a UNAIDS report issued a couple of months ago .
Xinhua contributed to the story
Our general interest e-newsletter keeps you up to date on a wide variety of health topics .
Self - esteem :
Take steps to feel better about yourself
If you have low self - esteem , harness the power of your thoughts and beliefs to change how you feel about yourself .
Start with these steps .
By Mayo Clinic Staff
Low self - esteem can negatively affect virtually every facet of your life , including your relationships , your job and your health .
But you can boost your self - esteem by taking cues from types of mental health counseling .
Consider these steps , based on cognitive behavioral therapy .
1. Identify troubling conditions or situations
Think about the conditions or situations that seem to deflate your self - esteem .
Common triggers might include :
A work or school presentation
A crisis at work or home
A challenge with a spouse , loved one , co-worker or other close contact
A change in roles or life circumstances , such as a job loss or a child leaving home
2. Become aware of thoughts and beliefs
Once you 've identified troubling situations , pay attention to your thoughts about them .
This includes what you tell yourself ( self - talk ) and your interpretation of what the situation means .
Your thoughts and beliefs might be positive , negative or neutral .
They might be rational , based on reason or facts , or irrational , based on false ideas .
Ask yourself if these beliefs are true .
Would you say them to a friend ?
If you would n't say them to someone else , do n't say them to yourself .
3. Challenge negative or inaccurate thinking
Your initial thoughts might not be the only way to view a situation — so test the accuracy of your thoughts .
Ask yourself whether your view is consistent with facts and logic or whether other explanations for the situation might be plausible .
Be aware that it can be hard to recognize inaccuracies in thinking .
Long - held thoughts and beliefs can feel normal and factual , even though many are just opinions or perceptions .
Also pay attention to thought patterns that erode self - esteem :
All - or - nothing thinking .
You see things as either all good or all bad .
For example , " If I do n't succeed in this task , I 'm a total failure . "
You see things as either all good or all bad .
For example , " If I do n't succeed in this task , I 'm a total failure . "
Mental filtering .
You see only negatives and dwell on them , distorting your view of a person or situation .
For example , " I made a mistake on that report and now everyone will realize I 'm not up to this job . "
You see only negatives and dwell on them , distorting your view of a person or situation .
For example , " I made a mistake on that report and now everyone will realize I 'm not up to this job . "
Converting positives into negatives .
You reject your achievements and other positive experiences by insisting that they do n't count .
For example , " I only did well on that test because it was so easy . "
You reject your achievements and other positive experiences by insisting that they do n't count .
For example , " I only did well on that test because it was so easy . "
Jumping to negative conclusions .
You reach a negative conclusion when little or no evidence supports it .
For example , " My friend has n't replied to my email , so I must have done something to make her angry . "
You reach a negative conclusion when little or no evidence supports it .
For example , " My friend has n't replied to my email , so I must have done something to make her angry . "
Mistaking feelings for facts .
You confuse feelings or beliefs with facts .
For example , " I feel like a failure , so I must be a failure . "
You confuse feelings or beliefs with facts .
For example , " I feel like a failure , so I must be a failure . "
Negative self - talk .
You undervalue yourself , put yourself down or use self - deprecating humor .
For example , " I do n't deserve anything better . "
4 . Adjust your thoughts and beliefs
Now replace negative or inaccurate thoughts with accurate , constructive thoughts .
Try these strategies :
Use hopeful statements .
Treat yourself with kindness and encouragement .
Instead of thinking your presentation wo n't go well , try telling yourself things such as , " Even though it 's tough , I can handle this situation . "
Treat yourself with kindness and encouragement .
Instead of thinking your presentation wo n't go well , try telling yourself things such as , " Even though it 's tough , I can handle this situation . "
Forgive yourself .
Everyone makes mistakes — and mistakes are n't permanent reflections on you as a person .
They 're isolated moments in time .
Tell yourself , " I made a mistake , but that does n't make me a bad person . "
Everyone makes mistakes — and mistakes are n't permanent reflections on you as a person .
They 're isolated moments in time .
Tell yourself , " I made a mistake , but that does n't make me a bad person . "
Avoid ' should ' and ' must ' statements .
If you find that your thoughts are full of these words , you might be putting unreasonable demands on yourself — or on others .
Removing these words from your thoughts can lead to more realistic expectations .
If you find that your thoughts are full of these words , you might be putting unreasonable demands on yourself — or on others .
Removing these words from your thoughts can lead to more realistic expectations .
Focus on the positive .
Think about the parts of your life that work well .
Consider the skills you 've used to cope with challenging situations .
Think about the parts of your life that work well .
Consider the skills you 've used to cope with challenging situations .
Consider what you 've learned .
If it was a negative experience , what might you do differently the next time to create a more positive outcome ?
If it was a negative experience , what might you do differently the next time to create a more positive outcome ?
Relabel upsetting thoughts .
You do n't need to react negatively to negative thoughts .
Instead , think of negative thoughts as signals to try new , healthy patterns .
Ask yourself , " What can I think and do to make this less stressful ? "
You do n't need to react negatively to negative thoughts .
Instead , think of negative thoughts as signals to try new , healthy patterns .
Ask yourself , " What can I think and do to make this less stressful ? "
Encourage yourself .
Give yourself credit for making positive changes .
For example , " My presentation might not have been perfect , but my colleagues asked questions and remained engaged — which means that I accomplished my goal . "
You might also try these steps , based on acceptance and commitment therapy .
1. Identify troubling conditions or situations
Again , think about the conditions or situations that seem to deflate your self - esteem .
Once you 've identified troubling situations , pay attention to your thoughts about them .
2 . Step back from your thoughts
Repeat your negative thoughts many times or write them down in an unusual way , such as with your nondominant hand .
Imagine seeing your negative thoughts written on different objects .
You might even sing a song about them in your mind .
These exercises can help you take a step back from thoughts and beliefs that are often automatic and observe them .
Instead of trying to change your thoughts , distance yourself from your thoughts .
Realize that they are nothing more or less than words .
3 . Accept your thoughts
Instead of fighting , resisting or being overwhelmed by negative thoughts or feelings , accept them .
You do n't have to like them , just allow yourself to feel them .
Negative thoughts do n't need to be controlled , changed or acted upon .
Aim to lessen the power of your negative thoughts and their influence on your behavior .
These steps might seem awkward at first , but they 'll get easier with practice .
As you begin to recognize the thoughts and beliefs that are contributing to your low self - esteem , you can counter them or change the way you think about them .
This will help you accept your value as a person .
As your self - esteem increases , your confidence and sense of well - being are likely to soar .
In addition to these suggestions , try to remember on a daily basis that you 're worth special care .
To that end , be sure to :
Take care of yourself .
Follow good health guidelines .
Try to exercise at least 30 minutes a day most days of the week .
Eat lots of fruits and vegetables .
Limit sweets , junk food and animal fats .
Follow good health guidelines .
Try to exercise at least 30 minutes a day most days of the week .
Eat lots of fruits and vegetables .
Limit sweets , junk food and animal fats .
Do things you enjoy .
Start by making a list of things you like to do .
Try to do something from that list every day .
Start by making a list of things you like to do .
Try to do something from that list every day .
Spend time with people who make you happy .
Do n't waste time on people who do n't treat you well .
Christmas Colors for the White House : Red , White and Impeach
** 3:20 p.m .
This story updated here : White House Wo n't Hang Christmas Impeachment Ornament . **
( Photo courtesy of Deborah Lawrence )
When Deborah Lawrence got the invitation from the White House , the Seattle - based artist decided to make a lefty political statement .
But she never expected it would hang on the official Christmas tree .
Laura Bush asked members of Congress to pick local painters to decorate ornaments for this year 's 20 - foot Fraser fir in the Blue Room .
The globes ( to be unveiled by the first lady tomorrow ) are supposed to showcase something special about each congressional district .
Washington state 's Rep. Jim McDermott contacted a local arts organization , which asked Lawrence , a collage artist , to create the local entry .
" I was at first nauseated , then realized it was an opportunity , " said Lawrence , 55 , who frequently combines politics and satire in her work and saw this as the perfect way " to highlight Jim McDermott because he 's a hero of mine . "
The nine - inch ball is covered with swirly red and white stripes -- and , in tiny glued - on text , salutes the Democratic congressman 's support for a resolution to impeach President Bush .
( Also showcased : Washington state 's 1919 labor strike , its suffrage movement and the violent anti-World Trade Organization riots of 1999 . )
Lawrence sent it off to D.C. in September and was very surprised it was accepted for the tree -- and that she was invited to this afternoon 's White House reception for the artists , which she flew to D.C. to attend .
" Apparently , they did n't read it -- or Laura Bush is more progressive than I believed , " Lawrence told us .
Sally McDonough , the first lady 's press secretary , said yesterday that hundreds of ornaments were submitted for display and there were no plans to pull Lawrence 's artwork or her invitation .
But , she said , " it really is too bad .
I have n't seen the ornament , but I would hope that no one would take this as an opportunity to be divisive and partisan .
There is a time and place for everything , and I do n't think this is either . "
3:20 p.m .
See update here : White House Wo n't Hang Christmas Impeachment Ornament .
A plasma lamp contains a partially ionized gas .
For the first time , researchers have fabricated a plasma transistor ( not shown ) .
Image credit : Luc Viatour .
Since their development in the 1940s , transistors have been at the heart of computers and other modern electronic devices .
Transistors - whose job is to start , stop , or amplify electric current - come in all shapes , sizes and materials , depending on the application .
Recently , scientists have fabricated a new variation : a micro-sized plasma transistor .
Researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign developed the microplasma transistor by integrating a conventional microcavity plasma device with an electron emitter .
Kuo -Feng ( Kevin ) Chen and Professor J. Gary Eden , Director of the Laboratory for Optical Physics and Engineering , published their study in a recent issue of Applied Physics Letters .
As Eden explained , a plasma transistor could one day have certain advantages compared with conventional transistors .
“ As you might imagine , this first plasma transistor has not yet been engineered to the degree necessary for a commercial product , ” Eden told PhysOrg.com .
“ Nevertheless , it should be mentioned that a microplasma transistor is advantageous in those situations requiring the transistor to handle high voltages and power .
Unlike conventional transistors that can be damaged by a voltage transient , for example , the microplasma transistor is expected to be quite rugged because a gas ( and plasma ) cannot be ‘ burnt . ’ ”
In the plasma transistor , the electron emitter injects electrons in a controlled manner into the sheath of a partially ionized neon gas ( the plasma ) .
The scientists discovered that even a voltage as low as 5 volts can change the properties of the microplasma , including quadrupling the current and increasing the visible light emission .
By controllably altering the microplasma ’s properties , the electron emitter effectively transforms the plasma microcavity device into a three - terminal transistor .
Like a regular transistor , the microplasma transistor has the ability to control the current traveling through the terminals , and act as a switch or amplifier .
The scientists began investigating the plasma transistor while trying to solve a problem that arises in plasma devices , such as those in plasma TV displays .
In such devices , scientists have limited control over electron production in the plasma sheath , in which current flow is normally dominated by ions .
The result is that these plasma devices require high voltages to operate .
In an attempt to lower the required voltage and increase efficiency , Chen , Eden , and others have been investigating methods of generating additional electrons , such as by growing electron - emitting carbon nanotubes on the inside wall of the microplasma device , as in a previous study .
In the current study , the auxiliary electrons provided by the electron emitter filled the role of injecting electrons into the plasma sheath , thereby reducing the required voltage .
But because the electron source is also controllable , the scientists could modulate the plasma ’s conductive properties , as well .
As the main component of the plasma transistor , the plasma sheath is analogous to the base of a conventional transistor .
Besides controlling the current and visible light emission , the scientists could also reduce the ratio of ion- to - electron density at the edge of the sheath of the device .
In addition , injecting electrons into the plasma sheath provides a way to estimate the electron density in the sheath without the need for an internal probe .
“ With regard to potential applications of microplasma transistors , the most attractive near - term opportunity is possibly for high - resolution displays for cell phones or portable DVD players , ” Eden said .
“ Other interesting applications include environmental sensors ( producing plasmas in air samples and detecting light produced by pollutants ) and biomedical diagnostics . ”
More information : Chen , K. - F. and J. G. Eden .
“ The plasma transistor : A microcavity plasma device coupled with a low voltage , controllable electron emitter . ”
Applied Physics Letters 93 , 161501 ( 2008 ) .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Every time I get out of a car I yell to my friends the exact floor , side , and column it ’s located on .
Two hours later we ’re all wandering around trying to find it .
Constantly clicking the remote keyless entry does n’t help unless you ’re within audible distance .
I need something bigger , something I ca n’t miss .
How about fireworks ?
The Fireworks Locator system by futurist with a sense of humor Mac Funamizu uses holographic projection technology to set off a display of lights and color you ca n’t miss .
A remote activates an emitter installed on the top of your vehicle .
That ’s pretty much it .
Feasibility aside , I could totally see Honda using this idea in one of their future ads .
Imagine hundreds of Hondas creating an unforgettable light show .
Designer : Mac Funamizu
Earnings Per Share ( EPS )
One of the easiest metric to calculate and one where most financial sites provide , earnings per share ( EPS ) is one of the most important measure of a companies strength .
Obviously , the higher this number , the more money the company is making .
Calculating EPS
To calculate this ratio , simply divide the company ’s net income by the number of shares outstanding during the same period .
If the number of shares out in the market has changed during that period ( ex. a share buyback ) , a weighted average of the quantity of shares is used .
Importance of EPS
The significance of EPS is obvious , as the viability of any business depends on the income it can generate .
A money losing business will eventually go bankrupt , so the only way for long term survival is to make money .
Earnings per share allows us to compare different companies ’ power to make money .
The higher the earnings per share with all else equal , the higher each share should be worth .
EPS is often considered the single most important metric to determine a company ’s profitability .
It is also a major component of another important metric , price per earnings ratio ( P/E ) .
When we do our analysis , we should look for a positive trend of EPS in order to make sure that the company is finding more ways to make more money .
Otherwise , the company is not growing and thus should be considered only if you are confident that it can at least sustain its income .
What to Watch Out For
Sometimes , there will be one - time events that will either benefit or hurt the earnings per share .
For example , a company get a one - time tax break from the government that will benefit the earnings tremendously .
These events , while contribute to the bottom line , should be taken out of our analysis because it will shrew the trends .
Lasting Thoughts
Nowadays , financial websites already have earnings per share calculated so there is no reason for us not to take a look at it in our analysis .
One important point to remember is that while websites provide this automatically , it may be different ( due to timing of the calculation , whether it is forward , trailing EPS etc ) .
Therefore , it is important to do your own calculation when doing a comparison of two companies to make sure you understand fully how the numbers are calculated to avoid big surprises .
You may also want to check out this article on the same subject : Anticipating Earnings Per Share ( EPS ) .
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
Set up your own Instant Messaging system
When I first started working with Microsoft Exchange , it was with the 2000 version .
I thought it was nice , especially that it had an instant messaging component built in .
We set it up , and the whole organization came to depend on it .
But when we wanted to upgrade to Exchange 2003 , we found the IM component was gone .
That functionality had gone into another product , Live Communications Server .
So , I started looking for alternatives .
I already had some experience playing around with jabberd , an open - source IM server that uses an open protocol , XMPP .
So I started getting up to date on what was current in the Jabber world .
There are several very nice implementations of servers and clients , but I finally settled on Openfire .
Openfire is open - source , written in Java so it ’s cross-platform , and has lots of good features .
We have it running on a Windows server , using a Microsoft SQL server for it ’s backend , and integrating with Active Directory ( LDAP ) for authentication and roster population .
Connections between Openfire and the clients are all encrypted .
It ’s been very stable and reliable for us .
The same folks that put out Openfire also have a client program , called Spark .
We originally deployed Spark because it has some good integration with Openfire .
In particular , I found out we could configure Single Sign On ( SSO ) between Spark and Openfire using Kerberos .
In practice , that turned out to be flaky and impractical for our network setup .
Spark is also Java - based , and it seems to be a little memory - hungry ( usually around 50 - 60 MB ) for our older workstations .
We are still using it , but I ’m currently looking for something different .
I ’m also considering writing one using .NET and the agsXMPP libraries .
One thing I think is great about Jabber / XMPP is how easy it is to link different systems together .
In Openfire , it ’s as easy as enabling server - to - server connections , and optionally specifying who can connect ( all servers , some you specify , all except specified ) , and encryption settings .
Clients on one server can then add contacts with addresses on the other server .
Usually the connection between servers is only active if there ’s need for it .
You can also use Openfire as a gateway to other proprietary IM systems like Yahoo and MSN .
There are plugins on the server side that allow you to use your Jabber client to also chat with people on these other systems .
You may lose some of the fancier bells and whistles of the third - party cilents , but sometimes it ’s handier having everything in once place than having 3 or 4 different IM programs open at a time .
Welcome to today 's heaping dose of cynicism , to start off the weekend right : Scandal has hit none other than the Nobel Prize , after it was revealed that a member of the Nobel selection committee also sat on the board of AstraZeneca , a pharmaceuticals juggernaut that will benefit from this year 's award for medicine .
The 2008 Nobel Prize for physiology or medicine went to three people this year , Luc Montagnier and his ( ahem , female ) partner Françoise Barre - Sinoussi for discovering HIV , and Harald zur Hausen for his work on the human papilloma virus ( HPV ) and its link to cervical cancer .
Would n't you know it , AstraZeneca just happens to have a big fat stake in two lucrative HPV vaccines .
To make matters worse :
Two senior figures in the process that chose Mr. zur Hausen have strong links with the pharmaceutical company , which has also recently begun sponsoring the Nobel website and promotional subsidiary .
The company strongly denies any wrongdoing .
Ah yes , well as long as they deny any wrongdoing !
No matter that these sponsorships are estimated to cost in the hundreds of thousands of dollars over the next three years .
Also mildly fishy is the fact that the chairman of the five - person committee that assesses Nobel candidates served as a paid consultant for AstraZeneca in 2006 .
And as if improper drug company ties were n't enough , there 's also the little matter of expenses - paid trips to China for Nobel committee members , made with the intention of " tell[ing Chinese ] officials how candidates are selected for prizes . "
The anti-corruption unit of the Swedish police is reportedly starting a preliminary investigation — though Michael Sohlman , executive director of the Nobel Foundation , has dismissed the whole hubbub as a media ploy .
Meanwhile , the rest of us can cry into our smörgåsar and wait for Santa to announce his sponsorship deal with Pfizer .
Related : RB : Note to Media : They Give Nobel Prizes to Women These Days RB : Clinic to Reveal All Doctor - Drug Industry Ties on the Web RB : Drug Company Pocket - Padding : The Latest Chapter
[ Update : Mar 4 2010 .
The United States senate moved to stem the flow of money from mineral mines fuelling the brutal conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) , the watchdog group Global Witness ( GW ) is calling on Europe to follow suit .
http://ipsnews.net/news.asp?idnews=50543
See also this shocking report in the journal PLoS Medicine ( 22 Dec 2009 ) http://tiny.cc/60fjz ]
What can you do ?
1 . Lobby your government to be more involved in the DRC and stopping this .
Encourage them to help train of local police and army and prosecute all those involved 2 .
Help out local and international organizations that are helping the women and children of the Congo 3 .
Do n’t buy any electronic devices until manufacturers can guarantee those purchases are not funding this continuing atrocity
By Stephen Leahy
TORONTO , Canada , Dec 3 2008 ( IPS )
International lust for the enormous mineral and resource riches of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) abetted by international indifference has turned much of country into a colossal “ rape mine ” where more than 300,000 women and girls have been brutalised , say activists .
Much of Congo ’s misery due to “ blood coltan ” that powers our electronics
“ Rape is being used as a deliberate tool to control people and territory , ” said Eve Ensler , a celebrated U.S. playwright and founder of V - Day , a global movement in 120 countries to end violence against women and girls .
“ The rapes are systematic , horrific and often involve bands of rebels infected with HIV / AIDS , ” Ensler , who recently returned from the DRC , told IPS .
Ensler was in Toronto to help raise funds for the Panzi Hospital in the DRC ’s South Kivu Province where many rape victims are brought .
Once a maternity hospital , Panzi Hospital now provides free care and refuge to 3,500 victims of sexual violence each year .
Denis Mukwege leads a team of six surgeons who routinely work 18 - hour days to repair women ’s extensive internal injuries .
Hundreds of women and children were raped yesterday , hundreds more today .
This is an economic war that uses terror as its main weapon to ensure warlords and their bands control regions where international companies mine for valuable metals like tin , silver and coltan , or extract lumber and diamonds , Ensler said .
Coltan is a rare and extremely valuable metal used in cell phones , DVD players , computers , digital cameras , video games , vehicle air bags , and more .
It has long been implicated as both the source of funding and primary cause of the ongoing conflict and extraordinary violence against women .
“ A friend mapped the locations of the mass rapes in the DRC and they correspond to coltan mining regions , ” she said .
This “ blood coltan ” — akin to blood diamonds — generates billions of dollars of sales every year for electronics manufacturers in rich countries and brings hundreds of millions of dollars to rebels and others who control the coltan - producing regions .
Coltan is also produced in other countries , and the DRC’s “ blood coltan ” is often transported to those countries to give it a sheen of conflict - free provenance .
Over five million people have been killed in the ongoing war following the overthrow of the dictator Mobutu Sese Seko in 1997 .
The United Nations ’ largest - ever peacekeeping force of 17,000 has been in the DRC since 2000 .
However , it is a vast country the size of Western Europe , and with few roads .
Last Jan. 22 , rebel groups signed a peace treaty with an ineffective DRC government accused of corruption and complicit in the rape of women .
Despite the treaty , thousands of women and young girls in the eastern Congo have been raped this year in the region that borders Rwanda and Uganda where coltan and other minerals are found .
Large - scale fighting resumed in July , forcing hundreds of thousands to flee their homes .
“ The failure of the international community has created a catastrophe in the DRC , ” said Stephen Lewis , former U.N. special envoy for AIDS in Africa and founder of the Stephen Lewis Foundation , a charity that supports 300 grassroots projects in Africa .
Headquartered in Toronto , the foundation is a financial supporter of the Panzi Hospital .
Last June , the U.N. Security Council , chaired by U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , passed Security Council Resolution 1820 condemning the use of sexual violence against women and girls in conflict and post - conflict situations .
Lewis told IPS that while the resolution was an unprecedented agreement by the world community , “ not a thing has happened since then .
It is as if the world exalted in the fine words of the resolution and then let its intent die . ”
He is also critical of the U.N. secretary - general ’s special envoy to the region , Olusegun Obasanjo , the former president of Nigeria , who is meeting rebel and government leaders but who has not met with the women of the Congo .
Women must be brought to the table , Lewis said .
They were also excluded during the previous peace negotiations .
“ We have to stop the raping or the war will never end , ” he said .
The U.N. Security Council recently voted to send an extra 3,000 peacekeepers to eastern Congo to help protect civilians affected by the fighting .
By most accounts , that effort will fall far short .
“ With 50,000 U.N. peacekeepers , the women of the DRC could be protected , ” said Lewis .
Three years ago , the global community agreed it has a responsibility to protect people when a government is unable or unwilling to protect its own citizens from the worst violations of human rights .
However , there has been widespread failure to live up to that commitment , which Lewis characterises as “ an appalling and grotesque indifference by the world community ” .
Lewis , a Canadian , is especially outraged that Canada – which championed the “ responsibility to protect ” principle – has been “ completely and utterly silent on the DRC ” .
However , he is hopeful that the present Canadian government modeled on the Bush neo-conservative administration will be brought down next week and a centre - left coalition government will bring a strong Canadian voice in support of ending the violence against women in the DRC .
The new U.S. government headed by President - elect Barack Obama could also be a very powerful force for change .
“ I see a real gleam of light at last , ” said Lewis .
The violence and conflict in the DRC will not be easy to resolve , but is no harder than some of the other global issues like HIV / AIDS , he said .
Both Lewis and Ensler have been involved in efforts in the DRC to change things for women .
Some 90 forums were held in the eastern Congo last September where women spoke out about the violence and rape .
“ No one talks about rape , there is a social stigma where the victims are shunned , ” said Ensler .
A new village for rape victims Ensler calls the “ City of Joy ” is being built near the Panzi Hospital .
She envisions it as leadership centre where rape survivors support and learn from each other , and then teach others that the larger community is responsible for rape , not the women .
“ The Congo ’s greatest resource is its brilliant and resilient women and girls , ” she said .
“ With a little international support , these generous and amazing women can turn this horrific situation around . ”
First published as : DR CONGO : Activists Slam World ’s “ Grotesque Indifference ” .
I ’m an independent journalist based in Canada who supports his family and the public interest writing articles about important environmental and human rights issues .
A small contribution ( $ 5 , $ 10 , $ 20 ) is the ONLY way this can continue ( see Collapse of Media ) .
PayPal or Credit Card Or
Or contact me for mailing address —
Thanks ,
Stephen
44.109380 -79.120461
Ah , bailouts .
First , there were the banks .
Now , we 're thinking of one for Detroit .
Will Silicon Valley be next ?
More than 80 % of the Valley 's 150 largest publicly traded companies had some employees holding stock options that had fallen below their strike prices as of Oct. 24 , The Wall Street Journal reports .
That 's a huge problem .
Options have long been the compensation tool of choice in Silicon Valley .
When the Rule Breakers team met with him during our recent " Innovation Tour " of the area , Benchmark Capital 's Bill Gurley told us he loves them .
As he sees it , options align shareholders and employees .
But is this always true ?
Not when shareholders subsidize the risk of holding options -- yet that 's exactly what you 'll see in the coming months .
VMware ( NYSE : VMW ) has already received approval to set lower prices for some outstanding options .
Advanced Micro Devices ( NYSE : AMD ) has similar designs , the Journal reports .
They 're in good company : Apple ( NASDAQ : AAPL ) , Oracle ( NASDAQ : ORCL ) , and Adobe ( NASDAQ : ADBE ) repriced following the dot - com bust .
Here , repricing is intended to ( a ) keep employees from leaving to get a better options deal elsewhere and ( b ) give those who stay a chance to reap upside from a tech recovery , when one occurs .
It 's a smart , well intended strategy , but also a wealth transfer from shareholders to employees .
Will Google prove to be evil , after all ?
I 'm opposed to repricing because it violates the spirit of aligning interests .
It 's evil .
I 'm worried that Google ( NASDAQ : GOOG ) , a stock I own , will see it as a necessary evil .
Behold the numbers :
Company 2007 2006 2005 2004 Options granted 3,408,101 3,425,848 5,335,542 4,775,058
Exercised or vested ( 3,572,930 ) ( 8,128,241 ) ( 11,511,586 ) ( 8,033,820 ) Canceled or forfeited ( 367,157 ) ( 462,381 ) ( 839,811 ) ( 486,341 ) OPTIONS OUTSTANDING 12,892,886 13,424,872 18,589,646 25,605,501
Source : SEC filings .
Even though options outstanding are down 50 % in four years , those 12.9 million on the books still amount to roughly 641 per employee .
Yet , they do n't matter much at present ; yesterday 's close of $ 311.46 is roughly 7 % below the weighted average exercise price .
The stock is heading lower again today .
Thus , Google 's options are ripe for repricing .
Avoid the temptation , sirs .
Not just for my sake , as a shareholder , but for your own .
Repricing is an admission of defeat , a chance to lower expectations , to get more from less .
That 's not the Google we know ; that 's Yahoo !
( NASDAQ : YHOO ) .
Ask more of yourselves .
Innovate .
Excel .
Beat expectations .
Because if you do , you wo n't need repricing .
The market will have repriced your shares for you -- at multiples far higher than we 're seeing today .
Get your clicks with related Foolishness :
Link of the day - Free $ 50 Kmart card .
STOCKTON , Calif. — Jackie Hoffman sifted through a laundry bin filled with aging loaves of bread .
Like nearly a third of the first 50 customers to arrive at the Emergency Food Bank of Stockton that morning , Hoffman was new to the pantry .
But since she lost her sales job at a local newspaper in December , she has not found work .
" I 'm down on my luck , " Hoffman said , squeezing and sniffing the bread .
" And food is going through the roof .
I need help . "
Hoffman , 55 , is one of the growing number of " nontraditional " food - pantry clients across the country .
They include formerly independent senior citizens , homeowners and people who used to call themselves " middle - class " — those who are not used to fretting over the price of milk .
In Washington state , " We 're hearing dozens of these stories every week , " said Shelley Rotondo , executive director of Northwest Harvest , which distributes food to 300 hunger programs statewide and operates a food bank in downtown Seattle .
" A lot of working folks are coming to us , people who were making it , but they 've been pushed over the edge because of the cost of food and the cost of fuel , " Rotondo said .
Rotondo said food banks are " getting squeezed on both ends , " weathering sharp increases in food and fuel costs at the same time the need is increasing .
The number of clients at the Seattle food bank has risen 10 percent in the past three months , while the agency has had to pay " fuel surcharges " adding up to 50 percent to the fuel cost of some shipments .
" What scares me the most is the uncertainty about where this is going to stop , " Rotondo said .
April saw the biggest jump in food prices in 18 years , according to the Labor Department .
At the same time , workers ' average weekly earnings , adjusted for inflation , dropped for the seventh straight month .
To meet growing demand , America 's Second Harvest —
The Nation 's Food Bank Network , pressed lawmakers for the past year to increase the annual level of funding for The Emergency Food Assistance Program , ( TEFAP ) , from $ 140 million to $ 250 million annually .
A survey it conducted of 180 food banks in late April and early May found that 99 percent have seen an increase in the number of clients served within the past year .
The increase is estimated at 15 percent to 20 percent , though many food banks reported increases as high as 40 percent .
The money was included in the Farm Bill recently approved by Congress but wo n't be available until the next fiscal year , which starts in October .
" The way it 's going , we 're going to have a food disaster pretty soon , " said Phyllis Legg , interim executive director of the Merced Food Bank , which serves 43 food pantries throughout foreclosure - ravaged Merced County in California .
Food banks across the country are in similar straits .
Some have had to cut back on how much food they give , or how often .
" If gas keeps going up , it 's going to be catastrophic in every possible way , " said Ross Fraser , a spokesman for America 's Second Harvest .
Stories of want and need are mounting .
In informal surveys , America 's Second Harvest has found a growing number of food banks in crisis mode .
• In Albuquerque , N.M. , the Roadrunner Food Bank reported that the pantries it serves are turning people away .
• In Baton Rouge , La. , the public school system has found students hoarding their free and reduced - price lunches so they can bring them home and have something to eat at night .
• In Merced , the food bank is planning to curtail a brown - bag program , which supplies groceries to senior citizens , from once a week to once every two weeks , Legg said .
Even in San Francisco , a city that has been relatively unscathed by the foreclosure crisis and economic downturn , food pantries are seeing hundreds of new clients .
" We 've gone from serving about 450 to 600 clients a day since Christmas , " said Sara Miles , director of The Food Pantry .
" This is one of the worst times that our food banks have experienced in recent years in terms of the level of need and our ability to meet the need , " said Vicki Escarra , president and chief executive officer of America 's Second Harvest .
The Emergency Food Bank of Stockton , which operates out of a warehouse at the fringe of town , now finds customers lining up several hours before it opens at 10 a.m .
That 's because , clients say , the best food — the fresh meat and eggs — goes first .
" If I get here too late , I 'll be left with Marshmallow Fluff for 14 days , " said Sondra Pearson , a mother of seven .
" Not , " she added , " that I 'm going to turn that down . "
[ Via - SeattlePI.Com ]
The Final Report - Columbine Massacre
Reality of Money - Edward Griffin
DECLINE of EMPIRES : The Signs of Decay
WASHINGTON --
The Bush administration said it would lend $ 17.4 billion to General Motors Corp. and Chrysler LLC , buying them a few weeks of financial relief but leaving the biggest decisions about the industry 's future to President - elect Barack Obama .
Under the White House plan , the companies are required to extract enough financial concessions from workers , suppliers , dealers and other stakeholders to demonstrate their long - term viability by the end of March .
The ...
- video encodings still in process -
CNN ) -- U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey collapsed while giving a speech Thursday at the Federalist Society dinner at the Marriott Wardman Park Hotel in WashingtonSource : www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/11/20/michael.mukasey.collapse/
高収入仕事ランキン グ
フェチクラブ 業種 フェチクラブ 給与 基本時給 ：8500 円 ～15000 円 営業時間 10：00 ～ラスト 勤務地 難波 応募資格 18 歳以 上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 各線「難波 」 足・手だけ もＯＫ！触らせるのがNGの方は見せるだけでも大丈夫です！
自分の自慢の部分は誰でもあるはずです！
その部分がフェチとしてお金になります。
このフェチクラブは、かなり古くから人気のあるお仕事で凄く簡単で楽なのでおすすめです。
普通女性の方の各パーツが人気です！一度、チャレンジしてみて下さい！
私も去年まではフェチクラブでお仕事をさせて頂いておりましたが凄く簡単で楽しくお仕事をさせて頂いておりましたし多くの著明人の方も御来店をされますので色々な噂も多く耳にしてちょっとしたリアルゴシップ誌みたいな感じでお仕事をしておりました。
会員様は社長様やお医者様等の方々が多いのでチップも多くもらえる事もありますのでおすすめです。
未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 自由に稼ぎたい方 楽しく稼ぎたい方 完全自由勤務 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 寮完備 オープニングスタッフ募集中 新人特典多数有り 当日全額支給 送迎有り 制服貸与 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK アリバイ対策万全 指名 料100 ％バック マイカー通勤可 託児所完備 バン スOK カケモ チOK 在宅待 機OK 個室待 機OK 完全秘密制 顧客モニター管理 個人情報保護 素人専門店 完全顔出 しNG 可 知人バレ無し 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 お仕事前の会員確認可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
イヤーエステ 業種 イヤーエステ 給与 基本時給 ：3800 円 ～6000 円 営業時間 10：00 ～ラスト 勤務地 吉原 応募資格 18 歳以上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 東京メトロ 「 三ノ輪 」 耳マッサージ、フェイシャルエステ、ヘッドマッサージをして頂くだけの簡単なお仕事です！ ここ最近では色々な専門店が多く出ておりますが有名なのがイヤーエステになります。
耳をマッサージしてあげて高収入が稼げるのはかなりオススメのアルバイトです！
コースによってフェイシャルエステやヘッドマッサージもありますのでマスターして彼氏やご家族やお友達にしてあげても喜ばれる事間違いありません！
検定資格も無料で取得が可能ですので将来的な事も考えて取得をして自分のお店をオープンするのも良いのではないでしょうか！
実際に私も３店舗プロデュースさせて頂いてかなり稼がせて頂いておりますし、凄く楽しい毎日の生活をしております。
様々な資格が取れるのでオススメの高収入アルバイトですのでお早めのご応募をお待ちしております。
未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 資格を取得したい方 完全自由勤務 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 寮完備 オープニングスタッフ募集中 新人特典多数有り 当日全額支給 送迎有り 制服貸与 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK アリバイ対策万全 個室待機可 指名 料100 ％バック 託児所完備 カケモ チOK 完全秘密制 顧客モニター管理 個人情報保護 素人専門店 知人バレ無し 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 独立支援制度有り 各種資格取得可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
ソフトＳＭクラブ歌舞伎町店 業種 ソフトＳＭクラブ 給与 基本時給 ：12000 円 ～18000 円 営業時間 05：00 ～ラスト 勤務地 歌舞伎町 応募資格 18 歳以上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 各線 「新宿 」 業界トップクラスの店舗数！！完全会員制ＳＭクラブだから安心して働けます。 ＳＭ にちょっとだけ興味のある貴女の為のお店です。
ハードなＳＭはダメだけど男性を少しいじめてみたいという願望をお仕事として出来ちゃうのがソフトＳＭクラブのお仕事になります。
私も以前まではずっと働かせて頂いており今年からグループのソフトＳＭクラブの求人担当をさせて頂いているのですが、凄く楽しいお仕事ですよ！
私はＳもＭも両方とも働いていたのですが色々な会員様が御来店されますし、こんな事も出来るし、こんな所も性感帯なんだと勉強しながらお仕事ができます。
私はこのソフトＳＭクラブで働くまで女性としていった事はありませんでしたが、このお仕事をしてからいけるようになり、性に関する事に凄く興味もわいて人生が変わりました。
ですので少しでもＳＭに興味があったりＨな事に興味のある女性の方はご相談して下さい！
未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 超ソフトサービスを希望の方 １日８ 万 円稼ぎたい方 楽しく働きたい方 短時間で稼ぎたい方 完全自由勤務 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 寮完備 完全個室待機可 新人特典多数有り 当日全額支給 オープニングスタッフ募集中 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK アリバイ対策万全 専属マネージャー可 給与交渉可 指名 料100 ％バック マイカー通勤可 託児所完備 バン スOK カケモ チOK 完全秘密制 顧客モニター管理 個人情報保護 素人専門店 完全顔出 しNG 可 知人バレ無し 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 お仕事前の会員確認可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
オナクラ祇園店 業種 オナクラ 給与 基本時給 ：7500 円 ～13000 円 営業時間 10：00 ～ラスト 勤務地 祇園 応募資格 18 歳以上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 京阪 「 祇園四条 」、阪急 「 河原町 」 見てるだけのアルバイトをお探しの方はこのオナクラ一番です！ 初めまして、オナクラ求人の担当をしております、高橋と申します。*’ A`∞ ) ♪
オナクラは高収入が初めて方でも自分のできる内容で働けて高収入が稼げるのでかなりオススメです|´vﾟ)ノ。*†*。☆
気軽に楽しく働けますし、意外に男性のオナニー姿は見れませんし、見てると可愛いものです！β(‘v｀○)
私も昔は働いていましたがかなり楽しみながらキャッキャッと言いながら働いていました☆
お客様も落着いた人や物静かな方が多く御来店されておりますので無理な要求をされたりする事もありませんので安心して働けますし見てるだけのアルバイトですのでお話が苦手な方にもオススメをしております━━♪
未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 楽して稼ぎたい方 高額収入を希望の方 短時間で稼ぎたい方 完全自由勤務 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 寮完備 オープニングスタッフ募集中 新人特典多数有り 当日全額支給 送迎有り 制服貸与 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK アリバイ対策万全 指名 料100 ％バック マイカー通勤可 託児所完備 バン スOK カケモ チOK 在宅待 機OK 個室待 機OK 完全秘密制 顧客モニター管理 個人情報保護 素人専門店 完全顔出 しNG 可 知人バレ無し 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 お仕事前の会員確認可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
アロマエステ上野店 業種 アロマエステ 給与 基本時給 ：5500 円 ～7500 円 営業時間 10：00～23：00 勤務地 上野 応募資格 18 歳以上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 地下鉄 「 上野広小路 」 お客様にアロマオイルを使用してエステマッサージをするお仕事です。 初めての方も簡単にその日からお仕事が出来ますので気軽に働けます。
エステの資格はなくても大丈夫ですのでご安心下さい。
リラクゼーションアロマエステですので本格的なエステ店とは違いますので楽しく気軽にお仕事をして頂き高収入が稼げます。
全店、女性店長ですので面接～お仕事の指導や管理は、全て店長が直接説明しますので安心して働けます。
このご時世ですので手に職を持ってご自身のお店をオープンするのも良いのではないでしょうか！
私も実際に検定資格をこのグループに入ってから取得させて頂き、私がプロデュースしたお店も何店舗かさせて頂いております。
皆さんも自分らしさのあるお店をオープンしたりして楽しく一緒に働きましょう！
未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 エステの資格を取得したい方 自分のお店をオープンしたい方 将来的な仕事をしたい方 完全自由勤務 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 寮完備 新人特典多数有り 全額日払い可 送迎有り 制服貸与 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK アリバイ対策万全 託児所完備 完全秘密制 個人情報保護 知人バレ無し 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 独立支援制度有り 各種資格取得可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
ホテルヘルス 業種 ホテルヘルス 給与 基本時 給 ：12000 円 ～25000 円 営業時間 10：00 ～ラスト 勤務地 五反田 応募資格 18 歳以上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 各線 「 五反田 」 お仕事内容は超簡単！短時間で確実に高収入が稼げます！！！ 初めまして、ホテルヘルスの求人担当をさせて頂いております、小林と申します。
当グループのホテルヘルスのお仕事は、完全自由出勤でアリバイ対策万全ですので知り合いの方に知られる心配はありませんし、大手全国チェーンのグループ店ですので暇な日がありませんので確実に稼げます！
各種手当・日給保証制度も確立しておりますので安心です。
個室待機ですので他の女の子に気を遣ったりする必要もありませんし多くの会員様が来られますので待機時間も殆どありません！休憩時間も自分で設定できます。
その他にも無料託児所完備・衛生管理万全・行き帰りの無料送迎有り・高級マンション完備等の高待遇でお出迎えいたします。
未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 短時間で稼ぎたい方 確実に稼ぎたい方 自由に働きたい方 楽しく働きたい方 １ 日５ 万 円稼ぎたい方 完全自由勤務 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 寮完備 オープニングスタッフ募集中 新人特典多数有り 当日全額支給 送迎有り 制服貸与 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK アリバイ対策万全 個室待機可 給与交渉可 指名 料100 ％バック マイカー通勤可 在宅待 機OK 託児所完備 バン スOK カケモ チOK 完全秘密制 顧客モニター管理 個人情報保護 素人専門店 完全顔出 しNG 可 知人バレ無し 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 お仕事前の会員確認可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
撮影会モデル新宿店 業種 撮影会モデル 給与 基本時給 ：5000 円 ～25000 円 営業時間 09：00～23：00 勤務地 新宿 応募資格 18 歳以 上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 各線 「新宿 」 モデルレッスンが受けられプロのモデルとしてデビューする事も夢じゃないです！
今の貴女をプロやアマチュアカメラマンに撮影してもらって思い出の１枚にしてみませんか( Pq’v｀◆ )
私はスタイルが悪いからとか年齢が…って方も心配ありません。
女性の美は人それぞれ違います(*’ v`艸 ) ゜+。.。+゜’゜+。.。+゜☆
特にプロともなると見方が変わっておりますので太ってようが痩せてようが小さかろうが大きかろうが関係はありません！ｖｖｖ
誰でも登録してお仕事がありますので是非この機会にご登録して見て下さい(◆’v` )φ 未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 写真を撮られるのが好きな方 モデルに興味のある方 完全自由勤務 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 新人特典多数有り 送迎有り 制服貸与 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日 体 験OK 寮完備 アリバイ対策万全 専属マネージャー可 託児所完備 カケモ チOK 完全秘密制 個人情報保護 完全日払い可 完全顔出 しNG 可 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 お仕事前の会員確認可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
着エロモデル谷九店 業種 着エロモデル 給与 基本時給 ：8500 円 ～25000 円 営業時間 10：00～23：00 勤務地 谷町九丁目 応募資格 18 歳以上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 地下鉄 「 谷町九丁目 」 可愛いセクシーな水着を着て撮影するだけ！（※完全顔出しＮＧでもOK！！！） 初めまして、着エロモデルの求人担当の坂本と申します。
この着エロモデルのお仕事は凄く簡単で凄く楽しくておすすめのモデルの求人で私も以前まではさせて頂いて凄く良いモデルのお仕事だと思い皆さんに少しでも知って頂きたいと思いこのグループの着エロモデルの求人担当をさせて頂く事になりました。
水着やコスプレを着て自分が出来る内容を撮影しるだけの簡単なお仕事でしかも完全顔出しＮＧなので安心してお仕事も出来ますし撮った写真をアルバムや額写真としてもらうことも出来るので本当に良いと思います。
カメラマンさんも男性の方と女性の方もいますので選ぶ事が出来て安心ですし、撮影時に来た衣装は貰えるので凄く良いと思います。
未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 タレントになりたい方 写真を撮られるのが好きな方 新人特典多数有り 当日全額支給 送迎有り ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK 交通費支給 アリバイ対策万全 完全個室完備 通勤の場合は当日全額給与支給 1 時間からお仕 事OK 給与交渉可 託児所完備 カケモ チOK 在宅勤 務OK 通勤勤 務OK 完全秘密制 給与振込日＆日数指定可 日払い可 知人バレ無し 個人情報保護 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
脚フェチマッサージ 業種 脚フェチマッサージ 給与 基本時給 ：5500 円 ～7500 円 営業時間 10：00 ～ラスト 勤務地 銀座 応募資格 18 歳以上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 東京メトロ 「 銀座 」 足をマッサージされるだけなので凄く簡単なのでオススメです！ 脚に執着した会員様ですので色々な脚のサイズ・形を幅広くご要望いたしておりますので脚に自信がなくても大丈夫です。
未経験者・経験者・短期・日払バイト・大歓迎！誰でも簡単に出来るお仕事です。
特に初めての方にはオススメの高収入アルバイトになります。膝下の脚をマッサージされるだけなので簡単ですしお話をする事もあまりありませんので、お話が苦手な方でも気軽に働く事が出来ます。
貴女も一度、フェチの世界をのぞいてみませんか？
結構、楽しくて楽でかなり稼げてウキウキな気分になれると思います。
実際に私も働いていた時は凄く楽でしたし、楽しくお仕事をさせて頂いておりました！絶対にオススメです！
未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 脚を触れるのが可能な方 自由に働きたい方 短時間で稼ぎたい方 完全自由勤務 オープニングスタッフ募集中 指名 料100 ％バック 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 寮完備 当日全額支給 送迎有り 制服貸与 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK アリバイ対策万全 託児所完備 カケモ チOK 在宅待 機OK 個室待 機OK 完全秘密制 個人情報保護 人専門店 完全顔出 しNG 可 知人バレ無し 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 お仕事前の会員確認可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
メイドリフレ 業種 メイドリフレ 給与 基本時給 ：4500 円 営業時間 10：00 ～ 翌 朝05：00 勤務地 渋谷 応募資格 18 歳以 上 ～ 40 代 位の方まで 最寄の駅 各線 「渋谷 」 メイドコスしてマッサージするお仕事です！！ この度はメイドリフレの求人枠を見て頂いてありがとうございます☆
メイドリフレ求人担当をさせて頂いております、杉野と申します◎
私がオススメをしているお仕事がメイドリフレになりますただのメイドでは無く凄く可愛いメイド服が30種類以上も有りますし、しかもご自身オリジナルのメイド服も作ることが出来ます★
店舗でも勤務可能ですし、今人気の派遣リフレもございますのでご自身に合ったスケジュールでお仕事をして頂けます♪
女性の会員様が多くご利用して頂いておりますので安心して働いて頂けますし本格的なリフレクソロジーの検定資格も取得可能ですし将来的にはご自身のお店をオープンする事も可能ですo(‘v`*)
かなり人気のお仕事業種になりますのでお早めのご応募をお待ちしております。゜*( pq+’v`● ) *゜ 未経験の方 経験者の方 初めて高収入バイトされる方 短期で稼ぎたい方 長期で稼ぎたい方 メイドに興味のある方 リフレの資格を取得されたい方 オリジナルメイド服が欲しい方 本格的リフレクソロジーを習いたい方 完全自由勤務 当日から勤務可 1 時 間から勤務可 給与交渉可 寮完備 オープニングスタッフ募集中 新人特典多数有り 当日全額支給 送迎有り 制服貸与 ノルマ罰金一切無し 短期可 1日体 験OK アリバイ対策万全 個室待機可 指名 料100 ％バック 託児所完備 カケモ チOK 完全秘密制 顧客モニター管理 個人情報保護 知人バレ無し 完全会員制 会員リスト完備 自宅待機可能 独立支援制度有り 各種資格取得可 その他高待遇 関西版はコチラ関東版はコチ ラ
高収入仕 事
高収入の仕事ですぐに頭に思い浮かぶのが夜のお仕事ではないでしょうか。短時間で高収入を得られるので、女性のかたの人気が不景気なのもあり、非常に上がってきております。昼間のお給料では生活するのがやっとというかたも少なくありませんので、おしゃれや友人との遊び代が欲しいと思っているかたが夜のお仕事をされるケースは珍しくはありません。
派遣社員のかたやフリーターのかたは収入が安定せずに、生活費で困ることもあるので、少しでも貯蓄をしたいと思って働くかたもいます。スナックやパブではダブルワークも可能になっており、OLさん多数勤務しております。昼間のお仕事とは時給に換算すると倍以上違うので、働く時間が短くてもしっかりした収入を得ることができます。出勤時間や日数も自分で決めることができるので、自分の予定も立てやすく、働きやすい環境です。
カウンター越しに接客をするので、身体を触られる心配もなく、安心して働けるのが魅力です。お金に余裕のある大手企業の重役さんやプロスポーツ選手が良く訪れるクラブではお給料が高い分、高い接客スキルや細かい部分の気遣いが必要になり、接客業の難しさを痛感するかたも少なくありません。ですが、自分自身が成長するのを実感でき、指名が取れるようになれば、他の職種より高い時給や歩合なので、大きな月収を得ることができます。将来的に自分のお店を持ちたいと考えているかたも多いので、向上心が高く、プロ意識を持って働いているので、勉強になることも多いので、色々なことを学びたいかたにはぴったりな職種でしょ。
ガールズバーは若い方向けのお店が多く、女性キャストの平均年齢は若いです。友達感覚で接客するのが売りの店舗も多いので、気持ち的に楽に働くことができ、最近では女子大生や短期大学生の働いているかたの数が飛躍的に上がっています。これからどのような職種を選択するかはご自身の生活スタイルにもよるので、簡単に判断するのは難しく、慎重に考えるのが適切です。友人のかたで夜のお仕事をされている話を参考にするのも良い選択です。求人誌やインターネットの広告ではお店の内容や実情は、全部は載っていないので実際に現場で働いているかたの意見やアドバイスは積極的に参考にするのが良いと言えます。未経験のかたも楽しく働ける職種や店舗も多々あるので、お悩みのかたは、勇気を出して夜のお仕事をされてみてください。
“ You ’re taking a shot in the dark getting these guys , ” Father Venters said .
“ But honestly , other than a few , we have had really , really good results . ”
In earlier eras , the Catholic church in the United States depended on foreign priests from places like Ireland , Italy , Germany , Poland and Belgium .
But they usually accompanied their immigrant flocks , and ministered to their own people in their native language .
Nowadays , however , the missionary priests have little in common with the Americans who often come to them for advice and solace in times of crisis .
In Owensboro , it falls to Father Venters , who grew up on a farm in Illinois and has barely traveled outside the country , to find ways to bridge the often large cultural divides .
One foreign priest had never seen a microwave .
Another thought the frost on his car one morning was the work of vandals .
“ There ’s this assumption that a priest is a priest , ” said Father Venters , who , as the vicar for clergy , is essentially the bishop ’s assistant on personnel issues .
“ On the church side of it , that ’s correct .
We are a universal church and the rituals are the same , so he knows how to be a priest .
The challenge is , he does not know how to be a priest in the United States . ”
To succeed , Father Venters has also had to learn to navigate the immigration system , which has become so restrictive since the Sept. 11 attacks that even priests with invitations to work have trouble getting into the country .
At one point , he sent so many FedEx letters to Nigeria that the Department of Homeland Security suspended his account until he proved he worked for a legitimate church .
A Shrinking Pool
In 2002 , when Father Venters began his recruitment drive , he was looking at a diocese that , like many in the United States , had growing needs and fewer priests to serve them .
The Matrix runs on Windows ???
Thank god humanity is saved !
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
“ At this point , what we should be demanding is that there be an investigation at every level – state , city , country , and federal – into what has happened this past week .
It has been a legal outrage and we , as citizens and taxpayers , have the right to hold all officials responsible for law enforcement at the RNC accountable for their actions , ” Berglund said .
“ Panic ” covers four major episodes : the 1987 United States stock market crash , the 1997 - 98 emerging - market bust - ups ( called “ Foreigners Gone Wild ” ) , the dot - com meltdown and the current housing / credit / stock market collapse .
Each is a triptych — the first panel is a brief essay by Lewis , the second is filled with contemporaneous newspaper or magazine articles that set up the boom , and the third presents sober analysis of why it happened .
While being anthologized is usually a badge of honor for writers , some of the articles were plainly chosen for the way in which they typified the dangerous pre-panic zeitgeist , capturing “ the feeling in the air immediately before things went wrong , ” as Lewis puts it .
I suspect the authors of the Time article from July 1987 on how individual investors were riding the bull market , and of the January 1996 New York Times article extolling emerging market mutual funds , now regard these works the way my brothers and I regard bell - bottom pants — signs of youthful indiscretion that are best forgotten .
Image Credit ... Illustration by Julia Hasting
But there are plenty of gems , especially involving the 1987 crash , which now seems quaint .
An excerpt from a book by the former Wall Street Journal reporter Tim Metz sheds light on the chaos in the markets then .
More broadly , the entries remind us that before CNBC , Yahoo Finance and E*Trade , those not sufficiently with it to possess a hand - held Quotron had to visit brokerage offices to check stock quotes .
What else is noteworthy ?
Paul Krugman ’s dissection in Fortune of what went wrong in Asia in 1998 , a Jeffrey Sachs interview on what went wrong in Russia .
The Wall Street Journal ’s 1998 article on how the stock of the second - tier book retailer Books - A - Million went on a wild rise after the company introduced its new Web site and Katharine Mieszkowski ’s May 2000 Salon account on dot - coms ’ blowing millions of dollars on Super Bowl advertisements do n’t taste as good as Proust ’s madeleine .
But they sure take you back .
Mark Gimein ’s July 2000 Fortune article on AllAdvantage , which paid people 53 cents an hour to surf the Net with a special advertising bar on their screens , is a howler .
The headline : “ Meet the Dumbest Dot -Com in the World . ”
The most recent episode , which Lewis calls “ The People ’s Panic , ” is less funny — it ’s too close , it roped in many more people , and the costs to the public are likely to be huge .
The bailouts are especially galling given the ample warnings , like those sounded by John Cassidy of The New Yorker , who warned in November 2002 that housing would be the next crash .
A single entry from the Irvine Housing Blog , which shows how a person in January 2005 bought a $ 1.157 million house with $ 270 down , refinanced with a funky teaser - rate mortgage and then proceeded to open up a $ 491,000 home equity line of credit by 2007 , neatly encapsulates the lunacy .
Some of the best entries are Lewis ’s own , including his January 1999 New York Times Magazine article on the failed hedge fund Long - Term Capital Management .
The quantitative geniuses who designed this vehicle had a tough time grappling with the fact that their model had failed .
“ It is interesting to see how people respond when the assumptions that get them out of bed in the morning are declared ridiculous by the wider world , ” Lewis writes .
In each of the episodes , the bottom fell out because a bedrock belief held by many participants — smart professionals , not the perennially stupid individual investor — suddenly evaporated .
“ Panic ” is to a large degree a chronicle of the capacity of highly paid professionals for self - delusion .
Ubuntu Opens Portal to Rejected Community
by Ostatic Staff - May. 31 , 2013
Ubuntu , or its managers , have snubbed their loyal users more times than I can even remember now , but they 've more or less let it be known by their actions that they are n't interested in the community anymore .
They have commercial aspirations and prospects now , but constantly reassure users that they 're all about the community .
Apparently their users are n't buying it .
So , today brings just the latest attempt at wooing the community back under their rock .
It was n't that long ago that the Brainstorm portal was shut down .
User suggestions were no longer needed .
The bruised and battered users fought back and Jono ran out to compose one of his songs , er , blog posts to try and soothe the savage b r easts .
Apparently , his pretty words are n't enough .
So , here we go with the latest effort to keep the hoards at bay .
Community on ubuntu.com or http://community.ubuntu.com is the place to go .
To quote the announcement , " It is the primary address for interested Ubuntu users to stay involved and get informed about what our community is doing . "
For the second consecutive day gasoline prices fell , according to the American Automobile Association .
This comes on the heels of four straight days of price increases .
Regular unleaded fell 0.03 cents to a national average of $ 1.668 a gallon from the previous day ’s $ 1.671 , acco rding to the AAA survey .
Gas prices had fallen for nearly three months before stabilizing and then rising a week ago .
During that time , gas prices have fallen nearly $ 2.50 since hitting a record high of $ 4.114 in July .
Every state in the contiguous U.S. is selling gas below an average of $ 2 a gallon .
Alaska ( $ 2.622 ) and Hawaii ( $ 2.391 ) they were still well above that level .
According to the survey , Wyoming boasted cheapest prices , at $ 1.475 a gallon .
Gas prices usually follow the route of crude oil , which fell $ 2.35 , or 6.5 percent , to $ 33.87 a barrel Friday on the New York Mercantile Exchange , the lowest settlement since Feb. 10 , 2004 .
Crude prices are down well over $ 100 since hitting a high of more than $ 147 in July .
Diesel fuel fell 0.09 cents from the previous day to a national average of $ 2.504 a gallon , according to AAA .
Diesel is used by most commercial vehicles and the cost of nationwide shipping usually depends on the price of the fuel .
The cost of diesel is down more than $ 2 a gallon since hitting a record high of $ 4.845 in July .
via D’Vice
It ’s no secret that Apple ’s are the cool PC to have .
But as is usually the case , what follows the coolness factor is a premium to be placed more on joining the club , rather than what the club can do for you .
And the How - To Geek has once again proven that with Macs , it ’s no different .
According to recent testing , the HTG compared a 24 ” iMac with an identical “ Hackintosh , ” which consisted of similar parts purchased from the PC side of the isle .
The result was a staggering $ 1100 premium that MAC users play for the privilege if having that glowing white Apple logo on their PC .
Breaking down the parts list , the How - To Geek used an Intel Core Duo E8400 processor , Gigbyte motherboard , Western Digital Caviar 500GB hard drive , an Acer 24 ” LCD screen , and 4GB of DDR2 Dual Channel RAM .
In addition , DVD burner , ergonomic keyboard , mouse , and an Antek black tower .
Then , they used an EFIX stick to install a store bought copy of OSX Leopard .
The result , the cost was LESS THAN HALF the cost of Cupertino ’s stylish iMac .
But is it a fair comparison ?
The fact is , that the iMac is an all in one unit , whereas the Hackintosh is a traditional computer setup .
But that definitely would n’t account for another $ 1100 in costs to build .
But whether it ’s fair or not , Apple switchers do n’t seem to care .
But it does n’t answer the question as to why “ Mac ” is always dressed down in their commercials .
He ca n’t afford nicer clothes since all his money is going to pay for Steve ’s black mock turtlenecks and Levi’s !
Hat Tip – HowToGeek
Design and prototype various IoT devices to make our life more livable .
Five people were found shot to death early Sunday in a makeshift homeless encampment covered by thick brush near the 405 Freeway in Long Beach , police said .
The crime upset neighbors and puzzled police , who had no suspects and struggled to comb the rugged terrain surrounding the crime scene near the freeway ’s intersection with the 710 Freeway .
An anonymous caller tipped authorities Sunday morning about a slaying in an area near the 1500 block of West Wardlow Road .
When Long Beach police arrived , they found two women and three men dead , some with multiple gunshot wounds , authorities said .
“ We do n’t know who did this , not yet at least , ” said Long Beach Deputy Police Chief Robert Luna .
Advertisement
The victims , who were pronounced dead at the scene , have not been identified .
Luna said he did not know whether any of them were homeless or only visiting the encampment .
“ They were residents of Long Beach , at least last night , ” he said .
Residents in a nearby apartment complex on West Wardlow Road said they heard several gunshots and shouting early Sunday morning .
“ It was so many , it sounded like fireworks , ” said Leticia Walker , who said she was in her apartment about 12:15 a.m. when she heard the noise .
Another resident , Tippi Briggs , said that about the same time , she heard a woman scream and then a man shout “ Get in the car !
Get in the car !
Let ’s go ! ”
Advertisement
The homicides came three weeks after a homeless man was doused with gasoline and burned to death in a high - profile killing near 3rd and Berendo streets in L.A. that outraged his neighbors .
Residents and shopkeepers in the diverse neighborhood west of downtown tried but failed to save John Robert McGraham , a onetime bellman at the defunct Ambassador Hotel .
No arrests have been made .
In the Long Beach case , police are trying to find the male tipster who they said called from a pay phone and knows more about the crime .
On Sunday , police tried to send a message directly to him in the hope of solving the killings .
“ If you are listening to me out there , please come forward . . . for the sake of their families , ” Luna said .
Advertisement
Police also are questioning other people in the area about the slayings , including those staying beneath an overpass about 200 feet from the encampment .
The crime scene is east of Santa Fe Avenue near Tanaka Park , on property owned by California that is sandwiched between the 405 Freeway and Kohler Rental Power , a commercial building on the north side of West Wardlow Road that rents diesel generators and other power accessories .
“ We have had no problem there ” in the past , said Sgt. Adam Christin of the California Highway Patrol .
Walker , the West Wardlow Road resident , said homeless men sometimes use outlets in her apartment building ’s laundry room .
Advertisement
“ If we clean up our apartment and throw out a couch , it ends up across the street , ” she said .
One problem for investigators has been the encampment ’s terrain , which is tough to navigate because of heavy brush that was muddied by overnight rains .
The vegetation is so thick that the encampment cannot be seen from a helicopter .
“ We are having some challenges with the crime scene , ” Luna said .
Advertisement
Anyone with information about the slayings can contact Long Beach police at ( 562 ) 570-7244 .
--
harriet.ryan@latimes.com
ari.bloomekatz@latimes.com
They 're obviously a little rattled .
The SF Chronicle reports :
Months before the first ads would run on Proposition 8 , San Francisco Catholic Archbishop George Niederauer reached out to a group he knew well , Mormons .
Niederauer had made critical inroads into improving Catholic - Mormon relations while he was Bishop of Salt Lake City for 11 years .
And now he asked them for help on Prop.
8 , the ballot measure that sought to ban same - sex marriages in California .
The June letter from Niederauer drew in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints and proved to be a critical move in building a multi-religious coalition - the backbone of the fundraising , organizing and voting support for the successful ballot measure .
By bringing together Mormons and Catholics , Niederauer would align the two most powerful religious institutions in the Prop. 8 battle .
The intervention of my own church 's hierarchy in targeting the civil rights of a minority is distressing .
But they are still not as plugged into the Christianist network as well as the Mormons - and the LDS leadership was critical in pioneering this .
In fact , we have a mountain of evidence that the LDS church has been waging Kulturkampf in Hawaii and California for well over a decade .
How does the Chronicle account for this 1997 memo from the LDS church planning an anti-marriage referendum campaign in California :
Or this confession by Mitt Romney in September of 2007 that the Mormons and Falwell hatched the scheme long before last June :
Several months ago , not long before he died , I had the occasion of having the Rev. Jerry Falwell at our home .
He said that when he was getting ready to oppose same - sex marriage in California , he met with the president of my church in Salt Lake City , and they agreed to work together in a campaign in California .
He said , " Far be it from me to suggest that we do n't have the same values and the same objectives . "
( Hat tip : Joe )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Are you on holiday tours ?
Need to carry the cell phone , mp3 player and digital camera ?
Then you need to carry latest cell phones that have all the best features like mp3 and high mega pixels camera .
Use your cell phone for surfing Internet with advance 3G and 4G technologies .
Which is the best cell phone for you ?
Choose the best cell phones that are on display at Cheap Cell Phones Outlet .
But be clear in your mind to identify what your cell phones requirements are and the specifications you want .
For other latest cell phones like Samsung , Xiaomi , Apple , Motorola Cell Phones and Nokia Cell Phones , Visit our online cell phones shopping portal Cheap Cell Phones Outlet .
Regardless of your budget you will be able to come across a little for your whole family unit .
Discover and shop online the cheap phones for sale .
Cellular Phones have become basic necessity for everyone .
When people go online and look for cheap cell phones for sale , they must check all the equipment and specifications that suits there requirements .
Cheap Cell Phones
Outlet is the one of the paramount place to acquire cheap , new or used cell phones for sale online .
At our cell phone store capture the benefit of cheap prices online to acquire cheap mobile phones for sale .
Snatch Land Rovers are lightly armoured
An SAS reservist commander in Afghanistan has resigned over what he calls " chronic underinvestment " in troops ' equipment , reports say .
The commander - quoted in The Daily Telegraph - says ministers have ignored his warnings about the safety of the Army 's Snatch Land Rovers .
The vehicle has been criticised because its armour is not designed to withstand roadside bombs .
The Ministry of Defence said equipping personnel was " a clear priority " .
The commander is reported to have blamed a lack of adequate resources for the deaths of four service personnel , including Corporal Sarah Bryant , the first British female soldier to die in Afghanistan .
They were killed on 17 June when their Snatch Land Rover struck a roadside bomb in Helmand Province earlier this year .
In his resignation letter , he is understood to have accused ministers of " gross negligence " in allowing soldiers to go into battle without adequate resources .
The lack of equipment , he is reported to have said , was " Cavalier at best .
Criminal at worst " .
' Outrageous '
Fundamentally it's a capable vehicle , but just not designed for where we are now
Amyas Godfrey
Royal United Services Institute
Q&A : Army Land Rover row
The BBC 's defence correspondent Caroline Wyatt said the Snatch vehicles had become known by troops in Iraq as " mobile coffins " .
A former member of the Royal Green Jackets who served in Iraq , Steve McLoughlin , told BBC Radio Five Live that the issue needed much more attention .
" You drive over a landmine in a very - lightly armoured Land - Rover Snatch - it 's not much different from driving over it in a Ford Escort .
" At the very least you 're going to lose limbs - horrific injuries if you survive - you 're probably going to get killed outright .
" The government does n't like talking about this issue .
They get some faceless MoD bureaucrat to issue a two - line statement , then it 's gone and forgotten . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Conservative MP
Patrick Mercer told the BBC there had been " at least two ringing reassurances from the government " that Snatch Land Rovers would be withdrawn from patrol duties .
" It is outrageous that these vehicles still remain in service .
That soldiers , sailors and airmen's ' lives are being put at risk by vehicles that are simply inadequate for these sorts of duties , " he said .
' Ever - shifting threats ' Amyas Godfrey , from the Royal United Services Institute , said : " The problem with the Snatch Land Rover is that it was specifically designed for Northern Ireland and it has been adapted and reused for all sorts of different theatres that we never knew we were going to get involved in .
Those responsible should hang their heads in shame
Coroner Andrew Walker , criticising a lack of military equipment " So , fundamentally it 's a capable vehicle , but just not designed for where we are now . "
This week , Defence Secretary John Hutton announced an extra £ 700 m for 700 new armoured vehicles for Afghanistan .
The MoD said in a statement : " The events of 17 June were a tragedy and our sympathies are with the families .
" Equipping our personnel is a clear priority and we are absolutely focussed on providing them with a range of vehicles that will protect them from the ever - shifting threats posed by the enemy . "
Shadow defence secretary Liam
Fox said it was the responsibility of the government to minimise the risks to troops on the frontline " Gordon Brown 's unwillingness to fund Tony Blair 's war in Iraq has led to chronic misalignment between resources and commitments , " he said .
Liberal Democrat defence spokesman Nick Harvey said the £ 700 m investment in new armoured vehicles had come " tragically late " .
" Many voices have been warning about the inadequacy of our vehicles in Afghanistan , " he said .
" The government should have acted very much sooner . "
Earlier this month , military resourcing was fiercely criticised by the coroner at the inquest of Cpl Mark Wright who died after the wrong helicopter was sent to rescue him from a minefield in Afghanistan .
" That a brave soldier is lost in battle is always a matter of deep sadness but when that life is lost where it need not have been because of a lack of equipment and assets , those responsible should hang their heads in shame , " Andrew Walker said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Sam Ruby is always worth reading ; today his Half Full took me on a ( rare ) visit to HTML5 - land .
Among the many things I feel guilty about , not having the strength to follow HTML5 is prominent .
Ian Hickson and his posse have repeatedly proved that they can effortlessly overrun my input buffer ; I wonder how W3C stalwarts like Dan Connolly are holding up under the strain ?
Anyhow , one reason I ’ve had trouble reading the HTML5 drafts is the voluminous language specifying the precise behavior of a browser , or something very like it , with a DOM assumed in place .
I ’ll never write a browser or anything like one , but I do like to write generators and tokenizers and indexers and validators and analyzers and so on .
I ’ve been a member of the Church of Bits On the Wire for a long time .
Also I like streams better than DOMs .
Thus , I was delighted , on following a link from Sam ’s post , to see HTML : The Markup Language by Mike Smith , which is an editor ’s draft , i.e. essentially a strawman conversation - starter ; it ’s a nice straightforward specification of the proposed HTML5 language .
I quote : “ It provides the details necessary for producers of HTML content to create conformant documents .
By design , it does not define related APIs nor attempt to specify how consumers of HTML content are meant to process documents . ”
I really like it when language specifications do n’t try to pretend that they can constrain what a programmer can do with them .
Astoundingly , the existence of such a document seems to be controversial .
Just add this to the long list of things about the HTML5 effort that baffles me .
The strength of my belief that the HTML5 effort is A Good Thing For The World is lessening but has n’t reached zero .
By Peter Day
Global business correspondent , BBC News
The BYD F3DM is a petrol - electric hybrid plug - in vehicle Cars leave me cold , but not the BYD F3DM .
I drove it the other day , and it really is remarkable .
In one way , it is a rather ordinary compact saloon car , though it did have exceptional acceleration when I put my foot down zooming round the factory grounds in Shenzhen , the vast new Chinese city just north of Hong Kong .
This is a plug - in electric car , hence the acceleration , but when the electric battery runs out after 80 miles ( 128 km ) , the petrol engine switches in seamlessly .
" Oh , just like one of those new eco - friendly hybrid cars , " you may think .
But the makers argue that hybrids are more gas - guzzler than battery driven , whereas this model tries to be half and half .
And the makers ?
Well they are called BYD , a Chinese company which has been in existence for a bare 13 years , and which only recently started making any kind of car at all .
Shenzhen has become a byword for China 's manufacturing base
This new dual mode rechargeable car makes its launch appearance in China on 15 December , but BYD 's Paul Lin let me have my test drive the other day .
And then when he showed me the company museum , he really set me thinking .
What is a business only 13 years old doing with a museum anyway ?
Because the company has such enormous ambitions it wants to tell the world how far it has come and how much further it intends to go .
Rapid growth Paul Lin showed me how BYD has evolved , starting with rechargeable batteries that soon became standard parts for one third of all the world 's mobile phones , following the research speciality of the founder and chairman Wang Chuanfu .
And the modest battery making company grew and grew .
Wang Chuanfu soon saw that battery powered cars might be the future .
The size and scale of what BYD has already achieved is breathtaking , but that is nothing compared to its ambition
BYD knew a lot about batteries , and it was not daunted by the complexities of car - making either .
Six years ago , it bought two established Chinese car firms , and now BYD has seven huge plants with 130,000 employees .
The car I drove is made at the new headquarters factory - a giant one in Shenzhen , a city which was just a fishing town 30 years ago , with some 70,000 inhabitants .
Thanks to China 's rush to modernise , Shenzhen is now part of the global manufacturing powerhouse in the Pearl River Delta , with an estimated population of 14 m .
Wheel of modernisation BYD 's vast new factory did not exist 15 months ago , and they had to level several hills and fill in several lakes to create the site .
The workers mostly live in vast dormitories close by .
Like most of the Shenzhen workforce , they have migrated into the city from distant country places , moving from poverty in search of the fabled better life , spinning the great wheel of China 's modernisation .
The size and scale of what BYD has already achieved is breathtaking , but that is nothing compared to its ambition .
The F3DM uses a petrol combustion engine to charge the car 's battery
This company has already made public its aim to be the number one car firm in China by the year 2015 , and then - deep breath - number one in the whole world in 2025 .
Despite my scepticism , Paul Lin had no doubt about this .
The current fate of the American car industry suggests there may be room at the top some time before that date .
But to Paul Lin and the company he is part of , this ambition is entirely natural .
Car making is less difficult than high technology , they argue , and many of the techniques they have learned in high tech can now be applied to the automobile .
Remarkable endorsement I put my foot down and revved almost silently across the factory campus in my ( sample ) new car , and wondered about the future .
As an exporter , China is going to be badly hit by the global recession , but already the best factories are evolving up the technology chain in much the same way as BYD has transformed itself from a supplier of other people 's mobile phone batteries into a car maker with its own name on the front .
Critics say this is a copycat car , but that is how the Japanese auto industry started .
And in September there was a remarkable endorsement of BYD when even as global stock markets were plunging , the canniest American investor of them all , Warren Buffet of Omaha , Nebraska , paid $ 230 m ( £ 155 m ) for a 10 % stake in the Chinese company .
Mr Buffett is a quite notorious investor for the long - term , not the quick buck , so he must recognise something in those initials BYD .
The company says they stand for " Build Your Dream " , but they could mean absolutely anything .
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday , 13 December , 2008 at 1130 GMT on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The US warned India before the Mumbai attacks , a senior Bush administration official said today , fuelling criticism of the Indian government 's lack of preparedness .
According to an unnamed official , the US told Indian officials that terrorists appeared to be plotting a water - borne attack on India 's financial capital .
Several top Indian officials have resigned after the attacks that claimed at least 172 lives and injured more than 300 .
Vilasrao Deshmukh , the chief minister of Maharashtra state , yesterday became the latest official to offer his resignation over alleged warnings about terrorist activities that were not acted upon .
His deputy , RR Patil , also submitted his resignation after being quoted as downplaying the seriousness of the attacks .
Their offers to go followed the resignation of the home minister on Sunday and came amid Indian media reports of a string of intelligence blunders , all of which are adding to an atmosphere that the government and state apparatus cannot cope with the scale and complexity of the security threat facing the country .
India has demanded that Pakistan hand over 20 militants it believes are in the neighbouring country amid fears that relations between the two nations will deteriorate following the Mumbai attacks .
But the Pentagon has seen no signs that Pakistan is preparing to shift troops out of its tribal region near the Afghanistan border due to rising tensions , a US defence official said .
" There are no indications that anything is happening .
Nothing has happened or is planned to happen in that vein , " the official told Reuters .
" It 's business as usual . "
In India , recriminations after the Mumbai attacks have been rife .
An officer in the elite commando unit that ended the siege has told the Guardian his troops were delayed getting to the scene of the attacks because a plane could not initially be found to take them .
Major Vikram Singh , of the national security guard , said his unit , which is based in Delhi , took 10 hours to reach Mumbai .
The NSG , nicknamed the Black Cats , have been feted by the Indian public after ending the siege .
The criticism by a serving officer of his government is a sign of the anger politicians are facing after the attacks .
Singh told the Guardian the delay may have let the terrorists gain more control of the two hotels and Jewish centre than they otherwise would have had .
Singh , who was speaking outside the Oberoi Trident hotel , said : " We 've taken 10 hours to come from Delhi .
Initially no one could judge the level of threat . "
But the officer said his troops were ready to move 20 minutes after an order to deploy , and believes they were delayed by at least four hours in reaching the scene .
" In 20 minutes we could have started .
The aircraft to take us was somewhere else . "
Mumbai is 90 minutes by air from Delhi .
Singh said an NSG unit should be based outside Delhi including in cities such as Mumbai : " Had we been in Mumbai , 30 minutes would have been enough to start the operation . "
In a further sign of anger at India 's elite , a senior politician seeking to attend the funeral of a commander killed in the fighting was refused permission by the commander 's father .
Away from the recriminations there were signs yesterday that the death toll from the Taj Mahal Palace hotel may be less than feared .
So far 23 bodies have been recovered , 19 Indian and four foreigners .
The trustee of a Muslim graveyard in Mumbai said yesterday that it would not bury the dead gunmen , with an official saying they are not true followers of the Islamic faith .
" People who committed this heinous crime cannot be called Muslim , " said Hanif Nalkhande , a trustee of the Jamia Masjid Trust , which runs the three - hectare ( 7.5 acres ) Bada Kabrastan graveyard in Mumbai .
Meanwhile teams from Scotland Yard and the FBI have arrived to help the investigation .
The British team will assist with the forensic investigation .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
If mortgage lending was the Wild West during the boom years , foreclosure - prevention counseling is the lucrative new frontier of the bust .
Nearly 1.6 million borrowers are in jeopardy of losing their homes this year , according to economist Mark Zandi of Moody 's Economy.com , and thousands of new foreclosure - rescue companies are rushing in to offer the troubled homeowners loan work - out assistance .
For a price .
Usually homeowners seeking mortgage modifications call their lenders directly or work with non-profit community groups .
But many borrowers are now turning to for - profit companies as their mailboxes are flooded with work - out offers .
Each day private firms go online or visit courthouses across the country to pore over foreclosure filings , which are public records .
" By 10 or 11 o'clock , they 've mailed out solicitations to anyone with a foreclosure filing that day , promising to save their homes , " says Jeff Hart , a prosecutor with the Ohio attorney general 's office .
Once a borrower contacts a foreclosure - prevention company , the counselor takes their financial information , analyzes how much the client can afford , and then contacts the lender and negotiates new mortgage terms .
Those modifications can involve reducing interest rates , lengthening the term of the loan or even lowering principal .
In exchange , the consumer agrees to pay a fee , generally between a month 's mortgage payment and 1 % of the mortgage 's principal .
Lifestyle counseling
" We attack the case from many different angles , " said Justin Pane , vice president of Amerimod Modification Agency , which Pane said has been doing foreclosure prevention modifications for about three years .
" We may do a forensic document audit , for example , " he added , which involves examining original mortgage papers to see if anything illegal or unethical was signed during closing .
If so , it can be used as leverage for a better deal from lenders .
There are other tricks of the trade , too .
Pane said it 's often beneficial to apply for modifications near the end of fiscal quarters when lenders want non-performing loans placed back in the performing columns .
The more loans they can transfer , the better their numbers look in SEC filings .
As a result , lenders will often be more generous in their modification offers at that time .
Lifestyle counseling is another often - necessary service .
" We tell people what they have to do , " said Donnie Shorts , owner of Mortgage Mitigation Services in Dallas .
" Get rid of that cable .
Sell that Escalade .
If we can't present a good case to the lender that these borrowers have changed , we 're dead in the water . "
Fee trap ?
But is it wise for troubled borrowers to pay stiff premiums for services they can get for free ?
Especially when paying for a modification can make one harder to obtain because borrowers have less cash to spend on reducing debt .
" Folks need to be really careful , " said Chris Kukla , a spokesman for the Center for Responsible Lending .
" In many cases , these are no better than scams .
You should look at all your low - price or free options before signing on with a for - profit company . "
One of the main criticisms of for - profit foreclosure counselors is that they are not regulated , with oversight laws varying state by state .
As a result , some marginal characters are drawn to the industry , ones who use high - pressure sales tactics and play on fear .
Many firms demand hefty up - front fees , which they keep even if a loan is not successfully modified .
Only a dozen states , including Minnesota , New Jersey , New York , Nevada , Massachusetts and Maryland , prohibit that tactic .
" Loan modification is a growth industry , with too few rules governing those selling loan mod services , " said Kurt Eggert , a law professor at the Chapman University School of Law .
And , in fact , many consumers who sign on with a for - profit counselor later ended up at a non-profit .
" A lot of people come in [ to our offices ] who have paid money , a couple of thousand sometimes , for foreclosure prevention and nothing is done for them " said Jenelle Dame , a counselor for the East Side Organizing Project ( ESOP ) in Cleveland .
" These companies are sending out postcards to people saying they can help .
Some borrowers get like 50 a day . "
" The lenders still make the same calculations , " added Eggert .
" Whether they 're better off modifying a mortgage or letting the loan go to foreclosure is not affected by who 's arranging the modification . "
Terry Souers , who handles many mortgage - modification cases for Genworth Financial , the private mortgage insurer , said his company will work with a for - profit if a client asks , but those requests are minimal .
" We do n't recommend them , " he said .
" We can do what they do for free . "
Consumer protection
Borrowers can protect themselves several ways .
Start by checking with the Better Business Bureau and state attorneys - general consumer - protection offices for complaints against the firms .
Also ask any potential foreclosure - prevention counselor how many cases they 've successfully completed and what kinds of loans are winning workouts .
" These companies do n't seem very transparent about their credentials .
If you 're not getting answers you trust , look elsewhere , " said Marietta Rodriguez , director of homeowner programs for NeighborWorks , a community development group .
" Be leery of up front fees , " advised Don Lampe , a North Carolina attorney who has testified before Congress on mortgage issues .
Many companies who charge them simply take the money and run .
The fees should be contingent on a successful modification .
Finally , watch out for extravagant promises .
" If they claim they can save your home before even speaking to you , they 're making it up , " said prosecutor Hart .
Before contracting with a for - profit company , at - risk borrowers should contact their lenders or the Homeowner 's Help Hotline ( 1-888-995-HOPE ) run by the Homeowner 's Preservation Foundation .
They might get a comprehensive , affordable mortgage modification that wo n't cost them a dime .
Not Logged In ; Sign In Status :
World News
See other World News Articles
Title : Martial Law Has Arrived - U.S. Army Arrives and is Deployed in the U.S. to " Keep the Peace "
Source : [ None ]
URL Source : [ None ]
Published : Oct 27 , 2008
Author : rodneykingstrikesbck
Post Date : 2008-10-27 22:03:27 by Itisa1mosttoolate
Keywords : None
Views : 409
Comments : 7
Martial Law Has Arrived - U.S. Army Arrives and is Deployed in the U.S. to " Keep the Peace " Part 1 of 2 Martial Law Has Arrived - U.S. Army Arrives and is Deployed in the U.S. to " Keep the Peace " Part 2 of 2 LINKS to martial law docs :
www.armytimes.com/news/2008/09/army_homeland_090708w/
www.apfn.org/apfn/flag.htm
We care about giving you the best creative experience .
We strive to protect you from fraudulent sellers and ensure that only genuine Adobe software is available for purchase .
That way , you ’ll get the best experience from our apps and services .
We ’ll also reach out to inform you if you have non-genuine software , and we ’ll offer support and options to help you move to genuine software .
Did you receive a notification from Adobe ?
Learn more
Philly 9/11 Truth
December 26 , 2008
Bill O’Reilly – now clearly a FOX propaganda mouthpiece– used to be interested in uncovering the CIA involvement in the JFK assassination .
When confronted , he says he ’d like to ‘ figure it out before I die . ’
Makes one wonder what sort of duress caused this man to sell out humanity .
http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=6_QswTaqtfE
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Error .
Page can not be displayed .
Please contact your service provider for more details . ( 23 )
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday , November 25 , 2008
Former Congresswoman and presidential candidate Cynthia McKinney has been prevented from leaving the country after she planned to give a speech in Damascus Syria at a Conference being held to commemorate the 60th Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Has McKinney been put on a terrorist watch list merely for speaking out in support of 9/11 first responders and passionately questioning the official 9/11 story ?
“ Today , November 23rd , I was slated to give remarks in Damascus , Syria at a Conference being held to commemorate the 60th Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and , sadly , the 60th year that the Palestinian people have been denied their Right of Return enshrined in that Universal Declaration .
But a funny thing happened to me while at the Atlanta airport on my way to the Conference : I was not allowed to exit the country , ” writes McKinney .
“ I do believe that it was just a misunderstanding , ” she adds , though why a well known former Georgia congresswoman who represented Atlanta , the city in which she was born , would not be allowed to board a plane raises disturbing questions .
Has McKinney been put on a terrorist watch list merely for speaking out in support of 9/11 first responders and passionately questioning the official 9/11 story ?
As many will recall , McKinney was perhaps the first major public figure to doubt the official version of events way back in 2002 , which at the time was tantamount to treason .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
McKinney has since become a vocal advocate for the 9/11 truth movement and appeared at numerous 9/11 truth conference and events .
She also made headlines for attempting to get answers on what had happened to $ 2.3 trillion dollars that was quietly declared “ missing ” from the Pentagon budget the day before 9/11 .
McKinney was set to travel to Damascus to give a speech about the ailing plight of Palestinians and the Israeli lock down of Gaza , which is preventing Palestinian citizens , half of them children , from getting access to basic staples such as food , fuel and medical supplies , but Uncle Sam stopped her from doing so .
A misunderstanding ?
This is not the first time McKinney has been apprehended by the authorities .
In April 2006 a Capitol Police officer prevented McKinney from entering a House office building when she did not present identification .
Capitol police immediately apologized to McKinney after the incident , but the officer in question later claimed that McKinney had hit him .
The fact that McKinney was not arrested on the spot for assaulting a police officer strongly suggests that assault claim was concocted or exaggerated .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Six Months after Caucasus War South Ossetia Becomes Thorn in Russia's Side
South Ossetia has been a de facto Russian protectorate since Moscow 's victory in the five - day war in Georgia .
But the breakaway republic is becoming an embarrassment for the Kremlin , with a corrupt president , disappearing aid money and brewing social unrest .
Houston judge 's daughter sues driver she hit while drunk Judge 's daughter sues driver she ran into during crash
Elizabeth Shelton , shown with her father , juvenile court Judge Pat Shelton , had a blood alcohol concentration more than three times the legal limit when the SUV she was driving rear - ended a truck , killing her boyfriend .
less Elizabeth Shelton , shown with her father , juvenile court Judge Pat Shelton , had a blood alcohol concentration more than three times the legal limit when the SUV she was driving rear - ended a truck , killing her ... more Photo : Nick De La Torre , HOUSTON CHRONICLE
Photo : Nick De La Torre , HOUSTON CHRONICLE
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Houston judge 's daughter sues driver she hit while drunk 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Convicted last year of intoxication manslaughter for the death of her boyfriend , the 21 - year - old daughter of a state district judge is suing the truck driver she ran into during a drunken driving crash .
Elizabeth Shelton , the daughter of juvenile judge Pat Shelton , is accusing truck driver Lance Bennett of negligence in the Oct. 23 , 2007 , wreck that killed her boyfriend Matthew McNiece .
Shelton had a blood alcohol concentration more than three times the legal limit , two tests showed .
She was sentenced to eight years ' probation and had to serve four months in jail .
Shelton , her family and the family of the boyfriend who was killed are suing for $ 20,000 for the destruction of the Lexus SUV she was driving and an undetermined amount for mental anguish , pain and suffering .
Bennett was driving the box truck that Shelton rear - ended on the Southwest Freeway near Kirby around 2 a.m .
Bennett 's attorney , John Havins , said the lawsuit , filed in October , was the last chance to make a claim before the statute of limitations ran out .
He noted that Shelton named 16 defendants , including insurance companies and banks .
" They 're just throwing everything against the wall to see if anything sticks , " Havins said .
During Shelton 's trial , an expert for the defense testified there was evidence that Bennett swerved into Shelton 's lane .
An expert for the prosecution , however , said there was n't evidence that Bennett got in her way .
Testimony also showed that the company Bennett was working for let the insurance on the truck lapse .
" The injuries and property damage sustained by ( Shelton and her family ) were not the result of intentional acts , but were accidental and caused by the negligence of the uninsured / underinsured driver , " Shelton 's attorney Mark Sandoval wrote in the lawsuit .
brian.rogers@chron.com
While every new Apple product is scrutinized closely by an army of ambulance chasers , taking issue with Apple 's speed claims regarding the iPhone 3G is probably a somewhat reasonable position ... unless you realize that Apple does n't expect you to trust them in the first place .
After a legal complaint by 70 - year - old William Gillis over the " twice as fast for half the price " statement found in iPhone 3G marketing , Apple responded with a 9 - page , 32 - point rebuttal — one paragraph of which included this overly harsh , but very telling , statement :
Plaintiff 's claims , and those of the purported class , are barred by the fact that the alleged deceptive statements were such that no reasonable person in Plaintiff 's position could have reasonably relied on or misunderstood Apple 's statements as claims of fact .
Advertisement
In other words , if you believe what Apple says in an Apple ad , you are not a reasonable person .
Well that point is more clear by the moment , is n't it ?
[ Legal Doc ( pdf ) via Wired ]
EBITDA – Earnings Before Interest , Taxes , Depreciation and Amortization
EBITDA is quite simply the measure of the company ’s true earnings power .
Without the effects of financing or accounting decision , investors can more easily compare the profitability of two companies .
However , EBITDA not being a GAAP measure has allowed companies to change the items included in their calculation from time to time without consequences .
Therefore , it ’s important not to just compare the raw numbers of different companies and expect to get a good comparison .
Formula
Revenue – Expenses ( excluding tax , interest , depreciation , amortization ) .
When and How It ’s Used
In the 1980s , EBITDA became popular and was used to gauge a company ’s ability to service debt .
This is because depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges and do not affect a company ’s ability to generate money that could be used to pay off interest of loans or to retire debt .
EBITDA is also especially important in companies that are losing money because investors are more interested in the company ’s ability to reach profitability than the money they ’ve lost .
Let ’s take a look at why :
Taxes –
This can be largely ignored in this context because taxes for a money losing business is misleading .
Depreciation and Amortization –
In an unprofitable business , revenue needs to rise to cover costs .
Depreciation and amortization are fixed cost and thus less important because they do not go up when revenue goes up .
As an investor , we are much more interested in the variable costs that change when revenue increases .
Misconceptions
Many people believe that EBITDA is the same as cash earnings which is false .
EBITDA is not the same as cash flow because it excludes capital expenditure charges .
For example , if a company spends $ 100 million on new computers for all its employees , this charge is ignored in the calculation .
What It Really Means For Us
EBITDA is easy to calculate and great to measure a company ’s core earnings strength .
It allows us to make a better comparison of two company ’s profit potential since it ignores some of the non-core charges that companies take .
However , we absolutely need to remember that it is not the same as cash flow .
Companies need cash in order to conduct day - to - day activities , and the ability to generate cash is the only measure of true profitability .
Promote or Save This Article
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
If you like this article , please consider bookmarking or helping us promote it !
Print It | Email This | Del.icio.us | Stumble it !
| Reddit |
Related Posts
History of the Atlantic Cable & Undersea Communications from the first submarine cable of 1850 to the worldwide fiber optic network
Search all pages on the Atlantic Cable site ( includes image search option ) :
If you have any cable - related items that you could photograph , copy , scan , loan , or sell , please email me :
Cable samples , instruments , documents , brochures , souvenir books , photographs , family stories , all are valuable to researchers and historians .
You can help - if you have cable material , old or new , please contact me .
The Atlantic Cable website is non-commercial , and its mission is to make available on line as much information as possible .
Atlantic Cables : 1857 -1866
Master Index to articles on the first Atlantic Cables
The 1857 - 58 Atlantic Cable
History of the Atlantic Cable enterprise , 1850 - 1858
by Bill Glover
The 1858 cable history as it happened - reported by Frank Leslie ’s Illustrated Newspaper
Atlantic Cables : 1856-2016
Master Timeline of all Atlantic Cables
Cyrus Field - A Contemporary Record
Cyrus Field Photographs and Portraits - the man behind the Atlantic Cable
Cyrus Field Medals and other cable medals and tokens
Cyrus Field ’s Descendants - Diane Gravlee ’s comprehensive list of Cyrus Field ’s family and descendants , down to the seventh generation
The Brothers Field - Russell Carpenter ’s history of the five brothers of the Field family who held among them a total of 10 academic and honorary degrees from Williams College .
Cyrus Field Family Portraits - images of paintings of Cyrus Field and his parents , wife , and sons , owned by Peter Christian Hall and Alix - Marie Hall , New York City - based siblings whose great - grandfather was Frederick Joseph Stone , Cyrus Field ’s nephew
Cable Bibliography
Main Reference Bibliography - books and other printed material , films and videos on cable laying
Current Bibliography - books available for purchase , book reviews , recent magazine articles
Additional Bibliography - Gill Cookson ’s Submarine Telegraphy Research Notes
Book Cover Images - from Cable and Telegraph Books
Atlantic Cable Sheet Music - popular songs and music inspired by the cable expeditions
Cable Pioneers
Cable Timeline - 1845 to 2018 by Bill Glover
Cable & Wireless
Bill Glover ’s History of Cable & Wireless - a detailed history of the firm and its predecessor companies , illustrated with original telegrams , covers , and other documents .
Cable Ships
Cable Ships - illustrated articles on ships used for cable laying and repair , from 1850 to 2010
Cable Stories - 1850 to 1989
Cable Stamps and Covers
Submarine Cable Stamps and First Day Covers - includes Atlantic Cable 75th and 100th anniversary stamps and covers , Bill Glover ’s extensive collection of cableship stamps and covers with information on each ship and the cables laid , and Bill ’s history of Cable & Wireless , illustrated with original telegrams and covers .
Cable Artifacts , Ephemera , and Memorabilia
Early Cable Instruments - text and images of a talk given at the Antique Wireless Association Conference , August 2009
Memorabilia , Ephemera , and Promotional Material - Cable Watch Fob , 1858 Atlantic Cable Album , Cable Candlestick , Niagara Anchor , Cable Cane , Cable Snuff Box , Cable Earrings
1858 Cable Souvenir Advertisements - the short - lived frenzy in New York for all things cable after the successful expedition of 1858
Cables for Electrical Power
Research Requests - contributions welcome
Mystery Cable at Porthcurno Telegraph Museum by Allan Green .
This landline cable may have been used as a telegraph connection , or in a radio application .
Special Feature Sections
Back Reflections - Stewart
Ash 's articles on many aspects of cable history and technology
Major Submarine System Suppliers ( 1850 - 2012 ) - a diagram showing the evolution of undersea cable companies from the beginning of the industry until the present day , by Stewart Ash
The Atlantic Telegraph Cables Trail - an illustrated guide for visitors to the sites of the earliest Atlantic Cables in County Kerry , Ireland
Cable Manufacturing & Laying Companies and Cable Stations - illustrated articles on early cable companies and cable stations
Report on the IEEE Conference on the History of Telecommunications , St. John ’s , Newfoundland , 25 - 27 July , 2001 - includes photographs of the Heart ’s Content Cable Station Museum
" Online - 150 Years on the Net " - an overview of the special exhibition at the Danish Post & Tele Museum , Copenhagen ( 2 February to 19 September 2004 )
150 Years Of Industry & Enterprise At Enderby ’s Wharf - by Allan Green
The Atlantic Cable Medal of 1866 - article by Herman Blanton on the medals presented after the success of the 1866 cable
Distant Writing - The Telegraph Companies in Britain between 1838 and 1868 - website by Steven Roberts on British Telegraphy from 1838 to 1868 , which includes considerable detail on the submarine cable companies working in this period .
Cable History : Original Articles and Reprints of Early Material
1827 Precursor to the Electric Telegraph - article by Bill Glover on the Holyhead - Liverpool semaphore telegraph , established in 1827 and finally superseded by a cable / landline connection in 1861
1837 -1860 Early Landline Telegraph Cables - 1978 article by Francis Celoria on the beginnings of the telegraph cable industry in Britain
1838 -1868 Distant Writing - The Telegraph Companies in Britain between 1838 and 1868 - article by Steven Roberts on British Telegraphy which includes considerable detail on the submarine cable companies working in this period
1842-1853 Cyrus Field , Paper Merchant - how Field made his fortune
1845 -1857
On the Submarine Telegraph - John Watkins Brett on his involvement , together with his brother Jacob Brett , in the early cable enterprise
1845 -1950 The Gutta Percha Company - insulation , and more ; one of Telcon ’s predecessor companies
1849 Early British Experiments in Submarine Telegraphy - by Charles V. Walker
1849 Horatio Hubbell and his claim to be the originator of the Atlantic Cable - a forgotten pioneer
1849 Joseph Hyppolyte Pulte and the land route to Europe - another forgotten visionary
Pre -1850 Wire Rope and the Submarine Cable Industry - the origins of cable - making technology
1850 The 1850 Dover - Calais Cable - articles from Scientific American and The Living Age on the first cross-Channel cable
1850 - 1858 The First Atlantic Cable - history of the early attempts to lay the cable
1850 - 1851 The Submarine Telegraph Company - the company which laid the first cross-Channel cables
1850 - 1851 1850 & 1851 Dover - Calais Cables - from Willoughby Smith ’s book
1852 -1866 Anglo -Irish Cables - article on these important early lines by Steven Roberts
1852 The Electric Telegraph - a poem on the wonders of telegraphy
1854 The Atlantic Cable Projectors - how it all began
1855 European Sub -Marine Telegraph - article from Scientific American on the Crimea cable
1856 Marshall Lefferts at the American Geographical and Statistical Society - speaking on The Electric Telegraph ; its Influence and Geographical Distribution
1857 Laying the Atlantic Telegraph Cable from Ship to Shore - a portfolio of eight lithographs together with a description of landing the shore end of the 1857 cable at Valentia , Ireland , by John R. Isaac .
1857 Professor Hall ’s Floating Telegraph Stations - an alternative to a single span cable across the Atlantic
1858 On Submerging Telegraphic Cables - report on a paper presented to the Institution of Civil Engineers ( London )
1858 The Northern Land Route - Tal Shaffner ’s alternative to the Atlantic Cable
1858 Henry Field ’s Summer Pictures - a brief account of the meeting of the Field brothers in Plymouth just before the sailing of the expedition
1858 The Cable History as it happened - reported by Frank Leslie ’s Illustrated Newspaper
1858 The Cable Celebration in New York City - contemporary illustrations and text
1858 Speech by David Dudley Field - at the Crystal Palace , the Cable Celebration in New York City
1858 Robert Merry ’s Museum - articles on the cable from a children ’s magazine
1860 On the Maintenance and Durability of Submarine Cables in Shallow Waters - paper presented by William Henry Preece to the Institution of Civil Engineers
1861 Deep - Sea Telegraphs - George Saward examines the failures to date and proposes remedies
1861 Henry O’Rielly and the Russo - American Telegraph - another unsuccessful proposal
1862 Cyrus Field at the American Geographical and Statistical Society - speaking on Prospects of the Atlantic Telegraph
1863 Cyrus Field at the New - York Chamber of Commerce - A Meeting Called to Further the Enterprise of The Atlantic Telegraph
1865 Russell : The Atlantic Telegraph - high resolution scans of the cover , title page , and the tinted lithographs from the book recording the events of the 1865 Great Eastern cable expedition
1865 Original letter from Sir Daniel Gooch describing the loss of the cable on the 1865 Great Eastern expedition
1865 The 1865 Atlantic Cable - companies involved in its manufacture
1865 John C. Deane ’s Diary of the 1865 Great Eastern expedition
1865 Letter from Sir Robert Peel to John C. Deane , later Secretary of the Anglo - American Telegraph Company , concerning the loss of the 1865 cable
1865 Paper by William Thomson on The Forces Concerned in the Laying and Lifting of Deep - sea Cables .
1866 The Recovery of the Cable - detailed description of the recovery of the 1865 cable , from Henry Field ’s book
1867 Submarine Telegraphy at the Paris Universal Exhibition - survey and review by Robert Sabine
1869 The First French Atlantic Cable - illustrated by stereoviews
1870 - 74 James Nicol : cableship voyages - life on board ship
1871 Remarks of Mr Cyrus W. Field at the International Telegraphic Conference - Rome , December 28th 1871
1872 Sir James Anderson on Submarine Cables - their design and construction , and reasons for their failure
1877 The Laying of the Ocean Cable - Peter Cooper ’s story of the Atlantic Cable
1879 25th Anniversary Celebration Invitation - the anniversary of Field ’s first involvement with the cable project
1879 Speech by David Dudley Field - at the 25th Anniversary Reception
1879 The Second French Cable - including photographs from the French Cable Station Museum at Orleans , Massachusetts
1882 Facts and Observations Relating to the Invention of the Submarine Cable by R.S. Newall .
In which Newall sets the record straight on who did what in the early days of cable laying .
1884 On The Causes Of Failure Of Deep - Sea Cables by James Graves .
Article on the failure of the 1865 Atlantic cable from the Journal of the Society of Telegraph - Engineers and Electricians , No. 51 , Vol. XIII , 1884 .
The author was a cable engineer who supervised the manufacture of the 1865 cable and was later superintendent of the Valentia cable station where the recovered 1865 cable terminated .
1884 A Visit to the Works of Messrs .
Siemens Bros. - article from The Telegraphist
1885 Life on the Atlantic Telegraph Company ’s Valentia Cable Station - article from The Telegraphist
1886 Government Telegraphy - article by Cyrus W. Field in The North American Review
1886 -95 Captain Basil Combe - a firsthand account of life on the cableships
1887 The India - rubber , Gutta - percha , and Telegraph Works Company , Limited ( Silvertown ) - article from The Telegraphist
1887 The Submarine Cables Trust
1890 CS Westmeath Cable Survey - detailed report of a survey expedition
1890 With a Cable Expedition - article by Herbert Laws Webb
1891 The Submarine Telegraphs of the World - article by George Walter Niven
1892 Cyrus Field ’s Will - has details on the many awards and souvenirs which Field collected in his long association with the cable industry
1892 The Submarine Cables of the World - cable system survey article from Manufacturer & Builder
1892 Cables Under The Ocean - cable system survey article from the New York Times
1894 Summary of the Progress of Submarine Telegraphy - 1894 article from The Electrician on 25 years of telegraphy to the Far East
1894 Submarine Telegraph Enterprise - article from Engineering on the cost of laying and maintaining cables
1895 Nerves of the World - article on submarine cables by J. Munro , author of Heroes of the Telegraph
1895 At an Atlantic Cable Station - article by Roland Belfort
1896 Repairing a Break - book extract
1896 The Making and Laying of an Atlantic Cable - article by Henry Muir
1897 Making and Laying an Atlantic Cable - article by Roland Belfort
1898 Cable - Cutting At Cienfuegos - article by Lieutenant Cameron McR. Winslow on the US Navy expedition to cut Cuba ’s submarine cables during the Spanish - American War
1898 Submarine Cable Laying - Strand Magazine article by Archer Philip Crouch , C.E .
1898 Submarine Telegraph Lines - article by Ewing Matheson which includes costs for laying and maintaining cables
1899 Telegraph Cables - article by C.J. Cooke including details of his work with Hooper ’s Telegraph Company laying cables on the west coast of South America in the 1870s
1900 The Projected Cable - Line to the Philippines - article in The National Review by Chandler Hale
1902 How Cables Unite The World - article from The World ’s Work giving a good overview of the cable industry at the beginning of the 20th century
1906 Auction Sale of Cyrus Field ’s Correspondence and Papers - many interesting and unusual items from Field ’s library
1914 Walter Claypoole - Far Rockaway and Canso stations of the Commercial Cable Company at the beginning of World War I .
1914 The Battle of Cocos - in which the Germans destroy the cable station on Direction Island , and the aftermath
1915 How submarine cables are made , laid , operated and repaired - article by the Commercial Cable Company
1922 Submarine Telegraph Cables - article by Lt.- Col. C. deF. Chandler
1923 Laying a Deep - Sea Cable Line Delicate and Dangerous Job - New York Times article
1923 Electrical Communications - a survey by John J. Carty of AT&T of radio and cable communications between the USA and the rest of the world at an interesting turning point in technology
1925 On Board the Cable Ship - article by George W. Gray
1926 Cable Chess Match between London and Chicago
1934 -39 Post Office Green Papers include one on cables and others on telegraph history
1942 The Future of Transoceanic Telephony - article by Dr. Oliver E. Buckley , President of Bell Telephone Laboratories .
Early discussion of repeatered telephone cables across the Atlantic
1943 Theirs the Job to Keep the Cables Mended - newspaper article on cable laying and repair in wartime
1944 Cable Station RM - Cal Sheckler ’s account of diverting the 1926 Azores - Emden German cable into Normany for use by the Allied Forces after D - Day
1944 Cable & Wireless - Communications Old And New - book illustrations by C.F. Tunnicliffe
1959 Salient Features
In Cable Design Since 1850 - a timeline of cable technical developments from 1850 to 1959 by Submarine Cables Ltd .
1968 Undersea Cable - an overview of repeatered telephone cable systems
1970 Undersea Cable Systems - A Survey ( or : Explanation to an Unknown Lady in Philadelphia ) - article by Robert L. Easton
1974 Tiffany Cable Samples - if you ’ve ever wondered about the source of all those Tiffany - marked samples of the 1858 cable which show up on eBay every few weeks , and whether or not they are genuine , here ’s the story .
( The cable samples are genuine ; the certificates and boxes are vintage 1974 , although authentic 1858 certificates are occasionally found ) .
2001 The Transatlantic Cable Stations -
An Irish Perspective - paper by Cornelia Connolly , presented at the IEEE Conference on the History of Telecommunications , St. John ’s , Newfoundland , July 2001
Landline Telegraphy
1867 Modern Telegraphy : some errors of dates of events and of statement in the history of telegraphy exposed and rectified / by Samuel F.B. Morse .
Paris , June 1867 .
The link is to the Bibliothèque National de France ; the text may be read on screen there , or downloaded .
1871 London And North Western Railway Telegraph Rules And Regulations - complete scan of the 1871 employee handbook , with instructions on using the Single Needle telegraph
Links to Other Sites
Lords of Lightning - telegraph history research resources , with many useful links to archives , museums , and historical newspapers
Find Latitude and Longitude - locate positions at sea for recovered cables
HMTS Alert ( 2 ) website by Charlie Voss [ archived copy ]
Les Amis Des Câbles Sous - Marin - French cable history site
Aronsson ’s Telecom History Timeline - a detailed timeline of communications history from 15,000 BC through September 2001 [ archived copy ]
Ascension Island Heritage Society - includes a history of the Eastern Telegraph Company and Cable & Wireless on Ascension , with period photographs
The Atlantic Cable - by Bern Dibner , 1959 .
The Smithsonian website has full - page images of the entire text of Dibner ’s book , an important and comprehensive reference to the history of the cable .
Atlantic Cable Souvenirs - Mary Addyman 's page on cable souvenirs in the Cuming Museum ( Southwark ) collection
Atlantic Sentinel - a book by Donald R. Tarrant on the history of transatlantic communications in Newfoundland
Bamfield Cable Station - the site in British Columbia of the Pacific Cable Board Cable Station , which served as the eastern terminus of the trans - pacific telegraph cable from 1901 to 1959 .
The facility is now the Bamfield Marine Sciences Centre
Bay Roberts Cable Station - the 1910 cable station building in Newfoundland is now a local history museum .
The museum ’s website has many historic cable images .
Cabot Strait Telegraph Cable 1856 - an early link in the first Atlantic cable
Canso Cable Station - the Commercial Cable Rehabilitation Society had been revitalizing the former Commercial Cable trans -Atlantic relay station in Hazel Hill , Nova Scotia , but the building was demolished in 2017 .
The Chapin Library at Williams College has an archive of Field family papers which includes material from Cyrus W. Field .
Some images are on line , and the page also has links to other sources
Gustavo Coll ’s Signa Telegraph Collection - has some interesting cable instruments and samples
Connecting the Continent [ 2010 archived copy ] - Australian site which includes material on the Overland Telegraph
Gill Cookson ’s History Today article - a short overview of the laying of the first Atlantic Cables
County Kerry Transatlantic Cable Stations - Ireland , where it all began
Donard de Cogan ’s Papers - original research on aspects of cable and telegraph history
Distant Writing - The Telegraph Companies in Britain between 1838 and 1868 - a comprehensive website by Steven Roberts on British Telegraphy from 1838 to 1868 , which includes considerable detail on the submarine cable companies working in this period .
Early Submarine Telegraphy Companies [ archived copy ] - detailed information on the first cables via Nova Scotia and Newfoundland
The Electromagnetic Telegraph [ 2007 archived copy ] - J.B. Calvert ’s website includes some useful information on submarine telegraphy and cable codes
Engaging with Communications - University of Salford website by Professor Nigel Linge , which promotes the importance of telecommunications and its impact on society
French Cable Station Museum - in Orleans , Massachusetts .
One of the few surviving 19th century cable stations , now a museum .
The website has details of the museum and information for visitors .
The Great Transatlantic Cable - a documentary on Cyrus Field and the Atlantic Cable , first broadcast 11 April 2005 on PBS TV stations ( USA ) as part of the American Experience series .
DVD available from Amazon .
Greg ’s Cable Map - an interactive map of present - day working cables
The Greenwich Industrial History Society - back issues of the Society ’s newsletter have some material on the cable industry at Greenwich .
Robert Halpin and Tinakilly House - information on the captain of the Great Eastern in her cable - laying days and his Irish home .
A History of the Telegraph in Jersey - Graeme Marett ’s research , 48 - page PDF ( 285KB )
ICPC - The International Cable Protection Committee .
Links to submarine cable companies and suppliers ; historical material in the Information section of the site .
See also this page on ICPC souvenir items .
IEEE History Center - the ( American ) Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers website devoted to the preservation of electrical engineering history .
IET ( formerly IEE ) Archives - the archive of the ( British ) Institution of Engineering & Technology ( The IET ) , which holds much material on early telegraphy , including the scrapbook of cable pioneer Jacob Brett , the papers of Sir Francis Ronalds , WF Cooke , Oliver Heaviside , and WH Preece , and a collection of drawings by EW Cooke on the 1858 Atlantic telegraph expedition .
The archive website has a research guide to submarine telegraphy .
Direct link to IET archives search .
The IET History of Technology Network page sometimes has information on cable - related books , websites , conferences , and exhibits .
Indicator Loops - specialized versions of undersea cables used to detect the approach of submarines
Industrial research at the Eastern Telegraph Company , 1872 –1929 - article by Richard Noakes on R&D at the company in the early 20th century ( behind paywall )
Samuel Morse Historic Site at Locust Grove , Poughkeepsie - the house and grounds owned by Morse from 1851 to 1872 , now a National Historic Landmark .
The Morse Exhibit in the Visitor Center displays a number of Morse ’s paintings , together with some telegraph and cable artifacts .
Guided house tours are available , and there is free admission to the 150 acres of grounds running down to the Hudson River .
Morsemad - John Snell ’s site on Morse telegraphy
Mother Earth Mother Board - Neal Stephenson ’s 1996 Wired Magazine article in which he follows the installation of a modern fiber optic cable over three continents and incidentally presents the history of communications cables .
Note that not all researchers agree with his comments on Wildman Whitehouse .
Mumford Books in the UK has an excellent selection of technical and industrial books , plus prints and photographs , and can often locate material on submarine cables and telegraphy .
N7CFO Homepage - Lynn Burlingame ’s site ; a great resource for telegraph collectors and historians
New Wireless Pioneers - Jim Kreuzer has supplied images of a number of rare items for the Atlantic Cable site .
Now his own site is open , listing many books in the field of radio and telegraph history , and including regular catalog updates .
The Old Cable House - a Bed & Breakfast in Waterville , Ireland , housed in an original Commercial Cable Company building .
The site has an interesting cable history section .
The Pickering Family History [ 2011 archived copy ] - a personal connection to the first cable
Porthcurno Telegraph Museum in Porthcurno , Cornwall , England .
A major research resource , with an on - line catalog of the extensive archive of cable material from Cable & Wireless , many photographs , and information on visiting the museum .
CS Restorer - Dirk van Oudenol ’s comprehensive website on the operations of this cable ship from 1902 - 1951 , now hosted on this site .
Scientific Use of Fiber - Optic Submarine Telecommunications Cable Systems - a paper presented in 2003 with details of Atlantic cables TAT - 8 through TAT - 11 and Pacific cables HAW - 4 , TPC - 3 , and GPT ( 8MB PDF )
Shipping Wonders of the World - John Clarke ’s site on this 1930s publication has a number of pages on cable ships
Smithsonian Online Exhibition : Underwater Web : Cabling the Seas
Smithsonian Curator Emeritus Bernard Finn on the 2016 exhibit for the 150th anniversary of the 1866 Atlantic cable
Straight CW - Corner - Claudio Ruggieri ’s site on telegraph keys has an extensive section on submarine cable apparatus ( automatic translation from the Italian original )
SubmarineCableSystems.com - a directory site for the telecommunications , submarine cable system , and offshore service industries .
Provides a good overview of the services available to the modern cable industry .
Submarine Cable Telegraphy Demo - From the Sparks Telegraph Key Review site , a graphical demo of how polarity reversal was used to improve the speed of submarine cables
Submarine Telecoms Forum - publishes a bi-monthly on - line magazine ( PDF ) about the cable industry .
The website has frequent news updates on current cables and events .
Telecom Digest - a comprehensive site on all aspects of telecom history , with a searchable archive .
Telecommunications and the Natural History of São Tomé and Príncipe [ 2007 archived copy ] - some interesting notes on the interaction of Gulf of Guinea cable staff and natural history scientists in the 1800s .
The Telecommunications Heritage Group - a British organization dedicated to the history of all forms of telecommunication .
Telecommunications Technology and History [ 2016 archived copy ] -
Don Kimberlin ’s site has some interesting articles and links to other early communications sites
TeleGeography ’s cable map - a regularly updated interactive map of present - day working cables .
Telegraph Equipment - Brooke Clarke ’s page ; a good reference for the history of landline telegraphy instruments and patents
The Telegraph Field [ 2014 archived copy ] - a small site on the telegraph history of Valentia Island
Telegraph - History - John Casale ’s site focuses on US telegraph history and includes much early documentation
TelegraphKeys.com - Doug Palmer 's site has a section showing cable instruments
Telegraph Lore - Greg Raven ’s site covers all aspects of telegraphy and includes a photo gallery of Fons Vanden Berghen ’s extensive collection of rare instruments
Fons ’ own Telegraphy - Vanden Berghen site has more photographs and articles .
The Telegraph Office - Neal McEwen ’s site has an excellent submarine telegraphy section .
UK Cable Locations [ 2013 archived copy ] - Kingfisher Information Service interactive map and downloadable charts showing cable routes and landing sites around the British Isles
UK Submarine Cable Landings & Cable Stations - a site with information on a variety of 20th century cable installations
Valentia Heritage Centre - a local history museum on the Irish island where the Atlantic Cable project began , with much information on cable history .
Valentia Transatlantic Cable Station - Background information and details on the World Heritage Site proposal
Valentia World Heritage Site project - December 2015 article at the Silicon Republic website on this important effort .
Webster & Horsfall - supplied the steel armouring wire for the 1865 and 1866 Atlantic cables .
Link to archive copy of the page .
Weston - super - Mare and the Commercial Cable Company - John Crellin ’s site on cable history in this English town now presents the cable station archive of the North Somerset Museum ( Feb 2003 )
Here we are with another Crispy Gamer interview edition this time with Tom Farrer , producer of Mirror ’s Edge .
An initial attempt at first - person adventure for DICE , Tom and his team have been really busy with all the feedback – good and not - so good – they ’ve been receiving for Mirror ’s Edge .
Although the team at DICE expected that Mirror ’s Edge was the kind of game that will polarize people , the extent of polarization has caught the team off guard .
The team has focused on the negative reviews and taken every feedback into consideration .
At the end of the day , Tom ’s only disappointment was that reviewers failed to follow the game ’s distinctive art direction .
For more one - on - one interviews with video game developers and producers , check our Crispy Gamer homepage .
If you ’re also planning on trying your hand at online gambling , we ’ve come up with the most comprehensive gaming on online casinos at Crispy Gamer .
Before you sign up with an online casino , make sure to go through our best online casinos compilation .
In here , we present objective reviews of the most reliable online casinos with a number of different factors taken into perspective .
We do this with the aim of providing gamers with the best online gambling experience !
Welcome to the web site of the Computer History Museum 's Software Preservation Group ( formerly Software Collection Committee , or SCC ) !
The Software Preservation Group ( SPG ) of the Computer History Museum is an early exploration of how to collect software in support of the museum 's overall mission .
The work of the SPG includes :
Preserving and collecting software
Identifying and working with other people preserving and collecting software
Sponsoring and assisting software preservation and collection activity
This web site is used to :
display the works - in - progress : see Projects ;
solicit assistance from potential volunteers and collaborators ;
( and originally to communicate and coordinate the activities of the SPG ) .
Use the tabs in the navigation bar at the left to find information about the SPG , our current projects , and how you can help .
The Attic and The Parlor
On May 5 , 2006 , the Computer History Museum held a workshop “ The Attic & the Parlor : A Workshop on Software Collection , Preservation & Access ” .
The proceedings and presentations are here
Click here for help using the web site .
Report any problems here .
Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) winks as reaches to shake the hand of vice presidential candidate Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin after he delivered his concession speech at the Arizona Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix , Arizona on November 4 , 2008 .
Sen. Barack Obama ( D - IL ) will be the United States 44th and first African - American president .
( UPI Photo / Alexis C. Glenn ) | License Photo
ANCHORAGE , Alaska , Nov. 7 ( UPI ) -- Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said Friday McCain campaign aides who pushed negative stories about her after the election are " jerks . "
Several news organizations , including Newsweek and Fox News Channel , reported several unflattering stories about Palin in the wake of the Republican presidential ticket 's loss to the Democratic ticket of Barack Obama and Joe Biden .
Advertisement
Citing unnamed McCain campaign sources , media reports said Palin did not know Africa is a continent and did not know that the United States , Mexico and Canada are parties to the North American Free Trade Agreement .
Reports also characterized Palin as a " diva " and described her throwing tantrums in reaction to negative campaign news coverage .
As she returned to Alaska Friday , Palin told CNN the post-election stories may have been pushed by campaign staffers who helped prepare her for a debate with Biden .
" Those were taken out of context and that 's cruel , " Palin said .
" It 's mean - spirited .
It 's immature .
It 's unprofessional and those guys are jerks if they came away with it , taking things out of context , and then tried to spread something on national news . "
A source involved in Palin 's preparation for the debate and media interviews told CNN Palin " had not paid attention to a single policy debate that 's gone on in this country for 10 years . "
The Shotgun Blog
« Jack Layton responds to the resignation of Liberal leader Stephane Dion .
Is the anti-Harper coalition weaker without Dion ? | Main |
The grateful dreads »
Monday , December 08 , 2008
Question Period : Noam Chomsky on being censored , CHRC censorship , Ayn Rand , Robert Nozick and libertarianism
Yesterday was Noam Chomsky 's 80th birthday .
While Chomsky is an internationally recognized intellectual , he is surprisingly accessible and generous with his time .
In fact , I 've had several exchanges with Chomsky over the years .
Mostly , they were questions about the philosophy of language , Chomsky 's primary academic discipline .
But Chomsky 's career has gone from that of a quiet academic working out the origins of language in children , to one of the world 's most recognized public intellectuals .
And his status is n't a result of his linguistics -- instead , Chomsky is recognized for his views on U.S. foreign policy .
The Western Standard has published Chomsky 's thoughts on the recent U.S. election here .
We also ran with an excerpt from the following longer conversation on Canada 's Human Rights Commission and section 13 ( 1 ) of the Human Rights Act .
Chomsky , like us , thinks the CHRC is a disastrous form of censorship .
The following email conversation started in late October , and has continued on since .
I 'm still curious to hear his more philosophical objections to libertarianism .
The ones he offers below are more objections to the particular persons who endorsed the philosophy , rather than the philosophy itself .
I suppose it might be important whether or not some political philosopher or economist is a decent person , but it really does n't shed light on whether or not we should endorse or reject an argument of theirs .
Even indecent and despicable people say things that are true , and make arguments that are sound or plausible .
At any rate , and for what it 's worth , here is the conversation between myself and Chomsky ( some of my questions have been edited for clarity , and to cut out irrelevant bits about prior conversations ) :
Peter Jaworski : Have you seen this ?
Here 's an excerpt :
South Korea 's Defence Ministry , which maintains a force of about 670,000 troops to fend off an invasion from the communist North , also feels threatened by the likes of American linguist Noam Chomsky .
The ministry said Friday it may punish some officers for harming " the military 's mental power " by trying to bring books it considers too leftist onto its bases .
The ministry earlier this year banned 23 books from the country 's military facilities include two volumes by Chomsky and the best seller " Bad Samaritans " by a Korean professor at Cambridge University , Chang Ha-joon .
What do you think of the military banning your books like this ?
How often do your books get banned ?
Noam Chomsky : I was rather pleased to be in the company of Ha-Joon Chang , a fine economic historian .
I do n't expect much of the military , anywhere .
Though I was pleased when I gave a talk at West Point a couple of years ago , and cadets and officers came up afterwards to have books of mine signed , which they 'd picked up at the post bookstore , including one that had just come out .
Very good experience all around .
More thoughtful and open - minded than most academic departments .
The most extreme banning of a book I 've ever experienced -- or for that matter heard of -- was in the US .
The first book that Edward Herman ( economist at the U Penn business school , Wharton ) and I wrote together was published in the early 70s by a small but flourishing textbook publisher .
It was called Counterrevolutionary Violence .
They printed 20,000 copies , and started publishing ads .
One of the ads was seen by an executive at the conglomerate that owned the publisher , Warner publications , now part of Time - Warner - AOL .
He did n't like it , asked to see the book , and when he saw it , went berserk .
He ordered the publisher to withdraw it , and when they refused , he closed the publisher down , destroying all their stock .
I brought the matter to the attention of civil libertarians , but they did n't see any problem .
Ideological fanaticism in the US considers only government interference with freedom of speech to be illegitimate .
Private tyrannies can do what they want .
Warner also tried to prevent us from publishing it elsewhere , claiming copyright , etc .
It was a bit of a legal hassle , but their claim was so absurd that we finally just went ahead and published a much extended version ( Political Economy of Human Rights ) .
In the West , books are rarely banned outright , but they are commonly under an informal ban by the intellectual establishment , which is highly effective .
And in Europe , there are severe restrictions on what you can write .
If a book or article is published in England , it has to be vetted by lawyers to make sure that no problem is posed by England 's utterly disgraceful libel laws , which are a severe infringement of freedom of speech .
France is much worse .
French intellectuals hardly even have a concept of freedom of speech , and material is often banned .
I know of a case in Sweden where a book was withdrawn by the one major left publisher because it challenged doctrines of fundamentalist religion among European intellectuals about their nobility in bombing Serbia .
In the third world there are plenty of cases of books banned , or material expunged in translations .
If I 'm asked ( I 'm often not ) , I refuse to allow the translation in that case , though I understand and often sympathize with the publishers .
PJ : Speaking of censorship , what do make of the Canadian Human Rights Commission and section 13 ( 1 ) in particular ?
Here 's that section :
13 . (1 ) It is a discriminatory practice for a person or a group of persons acting in concert to communicate telephonically or to cause to be so communicated , repeatedly , in whole or in part by means of the facilities of a telecommunication undertaking within the legislative authority of Parliament , any matter that is likely to expose a person or persons to hatred or contempt by reason of the fact that person or those persons are identifiable on the basis of a prohibited ground of discrimination .
I wonder if you have any thoughts on this particular section .
NC : I think it 's outrageous , like the comparable European laws .
It 's also pure hypocrisy .
If it were applied the media and journals would be shut down .
They do n't expose current enemies of the state to hatred or contempt ?
PJ : About Canada 's human rights act , you wrote : " I think it 's outrageous , like the comparable European laws .
It 's also pure hypocrisy .
If it were applied the media and journals would be shut down .
They do n't expose current enemies of the state to hatred or contempt ? "
That last part may not be applicable in this case .
The law is specific about what groups cannot be exposed to hatred or contempt .
Under the CHRA , you can't expose a person to hatred or contempt on the basis of their race , national or ethnic origin , colour , religion , age , sex , sexual orientation , marital status , family status , physical or mental disability , pardoned criminal conviction ( http://www.chrc-ccdp.ca/ discrimination/grounds-en.asp )
Maybe you could offer a bit of clarification about what you mean by " They do n't expose current enemies of the state to hatred or contempt ? "
NC : The provision of law that you sent me referred to " persons , " not just a person .
Hence groups .
I think that was the legal basis for barring Rushdie 's Satanic Verses briefly , until it was overturned .
There are also other mechanisms , like the devious argument used to ban Zundel on grounds of incitement of race hatred that made him a security threat .
The media and journals are constantly exposing Arabs to hatred and contempt .
And that 's been consistent practice for years with regard to enemies of the state .
I 'll look up the NP story when I have a moment .
I 'm more familiar with Britain , where the primary technique for silencing unwanted opinion , even putting a small newspaper out of business , is the disgraceful libel laws .
If a book or article appears in the US , and then is going to be republished in England , it 's necessary to get a battery of lawyers to review it to see if anything might be actionable .
Some of the things they demand be removed are remarkable .
I recall being asked to cut out a sentence saying that Henry Kissinger is guilty of war crimes , which is about as controversial as saying that grass is green .
PJ : Pushing aside the Canadian Human Rights discussion for a moment , I was curious why you call yourself a " libertarian " ?
I call myself that , too .
Except when I use it , I mean to say that I believe in private property rights , in a free and open market , and in ridiculously small government ( sometimes I like to think that getting rid of the state entirely would do all of us a lot of good ) .
But I do n't ever get the sense that you have sympathy for Friedrich Hayek , Robert Nozick , Milton Friedman or Ayn Rand .
There 's two parts to this question .
For one , I 'm curious just what you mean when you call yourself a libertarian and , for two , I 'm curious why you continue to use the label , even though most people now associate it with the Nozick / Rand / Hayek type of political philosophy ?
( I do n't call myself a " liberal , " although I would prefer to , because it does n't mean what it used to in Canada and the U.S. )
NC : Actually I do n't think I 've ever called myself a " libertarian , " because the term is too ambiguous .
I do often call myself a " libertarian socialist , " however .
The term " libertarian " has an idiosyncratic usage in the US and Canada , reflecting , I suppose , the unusual power of business in these societies .
In the European tradition , " libertarian socialism " ( " socialisme libertaire " ) was the anti-state branch of the socialist movement : anarchism ( in the European , not the US sense ) .
I use the term in the traditional sense , not the US sense .
I strongly dislike the figures you mention .
Rand in my view is one of the most evil figures of modern intellectual history .
Friedman was an important economist .
I 'll leave it at that .
Nozick , who I knew , was a clever philosopher .
He did call himself a libertarian but it was fraud .
He was a Stalinist - style supporter of Israeli power and violence .
People who knew him used to joke that he believed in a two - state solution : Israel , and the US government because it had to support Israeli actions .
Hayek was the kind of " libertarian " who was quite tolerant of such free societies as Pinochet 's Chile , one of the most grotesque of the National Security States instituted with US backing or direct initiative during the hideous plague of terror and violence that spread over the hemisphere from the 60s through the 80s .
He even sank to the level of arranging a meeting of his Mont Pelerin society there during the most vicious days of the dictatorship .
Quite apart from practice , I do n't suggest that they understood it , but in their " libertarian " writings these figures were in fact supporting some of the worst kinds of tyranny that can be imagined : namely private tyranny , in principle out of public control .
Traditional European libertarian socialism addressed this issue .
I often found myself agreeing with US - style libertarians -- not those you mention , but many in the Cato Institute , for example ; in fact I could only publish in a journal of theirs for years .
But we had fundamental differences , specifically , about the nature of freedom .
I 'm not trying to convince you .
Merely to respond to your question , and explain why I 'm comfortable with the terms I use , " libertarian socialism " -- which to US ( and I suppose many Canadian ) ears sounds like an oxymoron .
Posted by P.M. Jaworski on December 8 , 2008 in Libertarianism | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d834515b5d69e20105364cac4e970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Question Period : Noam Chomsky on being censored , CHRC censorship , Ayn Rand , Robert Nozick and libertarianism :
Comments
Pete ,
This is an excellent interview .
Chomsky standing has gone up a bit in my eyes .
Rand probably thought Chomsky was evil ( or would have thought that . )
His comments about Nozick are remarkable .
I wonder where he 's getting his view of the guy from ..?
I 've read a lot of Nozick , though not everything .
The only thing that gets close to the view Chomsky ascribes to him is his essay on the Holocaust ( it 's very , very good . )
Maybe it 's from something that never made it into Nozick 's published works .
Or maybe Chomsky is exaggerating .
Who knows ?
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-08 4:50:59 PM
While I 'm an advocate of the " private tyrannies " Chomsky despises , I really enjoyed the interview .
Chomsky thinks we should have the right to free speech but not the right as private citizens to refuse to publish books we find offensive ?
I 'd like to see him square that circle .
We excercise free speech everyday on the Shotgun blog by excluding view points we do n't agree with .
That 's free speech and expression .
Posted by : Matthew Johnston | 2008-12-08 5:05:08 PM
Matthew :
I think I can help square the circle . :-) .
Some of what Chomsky says is n't bad .
One of my favorite libertarians , Will Wilkinson , seems to share some common ground with Chomsky , though he would undoubtedly disagree with Chomsky about the policy implications .
The same goes for Roderick Long .
See here :
http://tinyurl.com/6fhwzr
and here :
http://tinyurl.com/5plook
The basic idea is that freedom involves having options .
People who do n't have many options , because ( for example ) they are poor , black , and live in a racist society , are lacking freedom .
In response , it will be argued that the only time a person 's lack of freedom should morally matter is when the person was deprived of options by the direct activity of another agent , especially an agent of the government .
In other words , the only time it matters that a person lacks options is when another agent has acted ( and intended ) to take options away from him .
I find this distinction a bit arbitrary from a moral point of view .
Sure , when one person takes my wallet , thereby depriving me of countless options , it is easy to ascribe _moral responsibility_ for my present state to the thief .
That makes it easy to identify who it is who has a duty to restore my options : the person who took my wallet in the first place .
But if freedom is the important value , we might expect that to mean agents have reasons connected to that value even when they 're not directly responsible for depriving an agent of his freedom .
For example , it seems almost incoherent to hold both ( a ) that freedom is the most important value , and ( b ) I nevertheless have no reason _whatsoever_ to enhance a person 's freedom by handing him a rope to get out of a well he fell into ( through no fault of mine . )
Nothing I said implies that agents have _conclusive_ reason to always increase the freedom of others , let alone a duty to do so .
But it does mean we should be concerned if various forms of social organization tend to shrink the options of 95 % of the population , relative to the other 5 % .
I do n't think capitalism would do this .
Nor does Wilkinson , I think .
Chomsky evidently does .
That 's where the difference arises : it 's a difference in predictions about what would happen under free market capitalism , rather than a difference in fundamental values .
Public choice economics , something I do n't know Chomsky has ever commented on , puts further limits on the government 's ability to do anything GOOD with regard to freedom .
But again , that 's mostly a difference in prediction , rather than a difference in values .
Best ,
Terrence
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-08 5:30:07 PM
The problem with Chomsky is he is not an honest public intellectual .
Exhibit A - the outrageous slurs against Nozick and Rand in the above interview .
He is reflexively anti-western , yet cares little for liberty when it is attacked by radical Islamists or leftists .
He even went so far as to deny the atrocities committed by the Vietnamese communists after 1975 ( including the plight of the boat people ) .
Posted by : Craig | 2008-12-08 5:53:41 PM
I really disagree with your notion of freedom -- or Chomsky 's notion of freedom .
If I 'm stupid I have fewer options in a free society , but I 'm not less free than I would be in a statist society where I might be handed the job of central planner , for instance .
Posted by : Matthew Johnston | 2008-12-08 5:55:46 PM
I should add to the above comment that Chomsky is a principled defender of free speech .
Posted by : Craig | 2008-12-08 6:32:51 PM
Matthew ,
" If I 'm stupid I have fewer options in a free society , but I 'm not less free than I would be in a statist society where I might be handed the job of central planner , for instance . "
I think that 's a false dichotomy .
Curing stupidity is tricky because the stupid person has to want to be cured .
And even then , it 's difficult .
But take illiteracy .
The illiterate person wants to learn to read , claiming ( plausibly enough ) , the ability to read would expand the range of options available to him dramatically .
Case 1 : I teach Joe the illiterate to read in my private time .
The project is successful , and now Joe can do many things he could n't do before .
We both agree there 's nothing incoherent about wanting to teach Joe to read precisely so that his options would grow in this way .
Would Joe be wrong to say : " Now I can do things I could n't do before " ?
I doubt it .
Previously illiterate adults often equate literacy with freedom , or at least see it as an important component ( Frederick Douglass comes to mind . )
Case 2 : Because no one is willing to volunteer his time for free , my local city pays me a few bucks to teach Joe to read in my private time .
Now , there 's no reason to deny ( the way a leftist might ) that the collection of taxes involves coercion , and hence a diminishing of freedom .
But I also think there is no reason to deny that the result of that coercion is more freedom for Joe .
That does n't justify the use of coercion in this case .
It 's the beginning of an argument for the proposal , not the end of one .
Yes , if the state takes a lot of money from a lot of people , or forces Joe to teach other people to read literally ( pun intended ) at the point of a gun , that would be a serious problem .
We all agree on that .
But there is a bit of a gap between my proposal ( say , five bucks from each person so that Joe can learn to read , if voluntary contributions would be insufficient ) , on one hand , and Stalinism , on the other .
Literate or not , Joe is likely to fair badly in a totalitarian regime that assigns people jobs .
Given public choice economics , even the people assigning jobs are likely to be worse off and less free than they'd be under capitalism .
That 's a good reason to oppose the Stalinist proposal .
But I do n't think my toy proposal is like that : it expands Joe 's freedom almost immeasurably ( think of all the things you can do because you can read . )
It diminishes the freedom of some others a bit ( they 're out five bucks . )
My point is that , once we accept freedom is valuable , it seems very odd to say that we should never , ever promote it in the lives of others -- even if we could do so for very little cost .
Best ,
Terrence
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-08 6:51:03 PM
I still do n't agree with your notion of freedom , at least as it is applies to politics .
For me , freedom it is the absence of coercion , not the presence of options .
The presence of options improves your quality of life , but I do n't think is increases your freedom .
Perhaps I 'm thinking too narrowly .
You wrote : " My point is that , once we accept freedom is valuable , it seems very odd to say that we should never , ever promote it in the lives of others -- even if we could do so for very little cost . "
But since the redistribution does in fact limit the freedom of others -- and often leads to increased government intervention in general -- we should never , ever promote it as public policy .
What we do privately is an entirely separate matter .
It has nothing really to do with libertarianism .
Posted by : Matthew Johnston | 2008-12-08 7:17:39 PM
Interesting conversation in the comments here .
I want to chime in a bit .
It seems we 're desperately in need of a definition of " freedom " to work with .
I like to use a qualifier , like " political freedom " or " freedom in the political sense , " to mean " freedom from ( intended ) coercion " ( or something like that ) .
This seems to be the value that libertarians like to promote , rather than " freedom " in a broader sense ( the one that would fit the example of a man in a well that you cite , Terrence ) .
But it seems strange , in a way , to limit the concept of " freedom " in this way .
This is the reason G.A. Cohen objects to calling libertarians " libertarians . "
He thinks libertarians do n't care about freedom but , rather , about self - ownership .
We ought to be free * because * we are self - owners , and it 's self - ownership that ultimately matters ( rather than the reverse ) .
Others object to the label on the grounds that what libertarians really care about is property , not liberty .
They think we should call ourselves propertarians , rather than libertarians , since liberty is of secondary interest .
I think both criticisms miss the target while leaving a mark .
The man stuck in a well is a perfect example .
It would be ridiculous and absurd to say to him , " yes , you 're stuck in a well , and you can't move , but at least you 're free ! "
The absurdity is precisely because the conception of " free " there gnashes against what we ordinarily mean by " free . "
And the fact that the man is not coerced by other persons seems utterly irrelevant .
Which is a reason to start thinking about abandoning the non-intended - coercion libertarian baseline in favour of a more robust conception of " freedom . "
I think , and correct me if I 'm wrong , Terrence , that Rawls had a similar objection to libertarianism -- when he did something other than wave his hand at the view .
What he thinks we want is not merely freedom from intended coercion , but the " values " that freedom can help us secure .
We want to be free precisely because freedom is a nice instrument for getting all the other things we want .
That 's all for now .
I insist on having the right and privilege of revising my thinking on this without notice .
My views on this topic are n't yet entirely settled .
Posted by : P.M. Jaworski | 2008-12-08 7:31:45 PM
Matthew ,
But does n't it seem odd -- maybe not wrong , but just odd -- to define freedom as the absence of coercion , when other people do n't usually restrict their use of the word in that way ?
( That 's not to say they think coercion is compatible with freedom : they just think there 's more to being free than not being coerced by others . )
Take the guy who accidentally falls down a well .
He can't get out .
He might be able to exercise , even eat ( if he can find food at the bottom of the well ) , but is he _really_ as free as Bill Gates ?
I agree that his quality of life is less .
But is n't it less , at least in part , because he 's trapped in a well ?
Now suppose I threw him in the well .
I 've certainly _made_ him less free ( you 'd agree with that , right ? )
But there 's no difference in his position , once he's in the well , regardless of how he got there .
But if the absence of coercion is the very definition of freedom , the guy in the first case is free , while the second guy is not .
That seems damned odd , does n't it ?
I do n't think it helps matters to focus on the coercion I exercised against him getting him into the well .
Perhaps I just gave him a mild shove while he was walking beside the well .
That 's not a lot of coercion , in itself .
But the result was a drastic limitation of his ability to do very much of anything .
His freedom is a LOT less , I maintain , but the amount of coercion I used was actually very little .
If freedom has something to do with the presence of options , that makes sense .
If it only has to do with the presence of coercion , I 'm not sure it still does .
Best ,
Terrence
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-08 7:37:30 PM
Jaws ,
I can do no better than quote Wilkinson on this point :
" If libertarianism is the view that human well - being is best promoted by ensuring “ that every man may claim the fullest liberty to exercise his faculties compatible with the possession of like liberty to every other man , ” then I am a libertarian .
If this is a libertarian view , then the goal to minimize or abolish wrongfully liberty - limiting social norms is a libertarian goal . "
This goes a little beyond a focus on " political liberty . "
What 's so good about political liberty , anyway ?
Or rather , what 's good about it that is n't also good about liberty simplicter ?
My view runs something like this .
Humans have certain valuable faculties , including that of having and revising a conception of the good .
We can form life plans and we can stick to them in a principled way , out of a sense of duty rather than inclination .
We 're able to fit our desires to the good .
The ability to do this is extremely important .
But it can be diminished in lots of ways .
Living in a racist society , being illiterate ( in some cases ) , and being stuck at the bottom of the well all make it more difficult to exercise the capacity .
The government ripping off most of one 's wealth also interferes with the capacity .
More concisely : something goes seriously wrong when a child with poor and / or irresponsible parents grows up illiterate , half - starved , and fearful , unable to do more than live from short - term desire to short - term desire .
All of this through no fault of his own .
( Notice : a weird stoic , once down the well , might find it very congenial to his own view of the good .
At that point , I do n't think I 'd have much of a problem leaving him down there . )
" Rawls had a similar objection to libertarianism -- when he did something other than wave his hand at the view .
What he thinks we want is not merely freedom from intended coercion , but the " values " that freedom can help us secure . "
I can do better than that :
It 's why Narveson thinks freedom is valuable !
It 's instrumentally important to all of us , almost regardless of our preferences .
It 's a primary good , to use Rawls 's term ( so yeah , I think Rawls and Narveson agree on this point , though not the implications . )
Terrence
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-08 7:56:18 PM
Gentlemen ,
If I might interject for a moment ....
I think the idea of freedom that goes beyond coersion is best understood as the idea of not only being free of coersion at the hands of other people , but what might be called " circumstantial coersion " .
Bill Gates has more freedom than the guy in the well does because gates is not constrained by the circumstances of that situation .
One of the reasons that Libertarians sometimes say that " property rights " are the most fundamental ones is because having property can be important - if not essential - to protecting your other rights as well as to your ability to exercise your capabilities and pursue your interests .
For the same reason some are interested in a notion of freedom that is more robust , thus one that includes the freedom from the circumstance of being at the bottom of a well or the freedom from the constraints that abject poverty imposes .
In the end , it 's not that one version of what counts as freedom is right and the other wrong .
The question might not even be which sense of freedom matters more .
The question ultimately might just be what version of freedom is politically legitimate to demand be met .
Here Chomsky and non-socialist libertarians disagree .
Posted by : Fact Check | 2008-12-08 8:04:22 PM
Fact Check ,
" In the end , it 's not that one version of what counts as freedom is right and the other wrong .
The question might not even be which sense of freedom matters more .
The question ultimately might just be what version of freedom is politically legitimate to demand be met . "
Good point .
Some coercion can be justified .
Sometimes freedom can be legitimately infringed .
The question is : under what conditions , and why ?
What 's the justification ?
From what I can tell , liberals ( and here I include libertarians ) answer these questions in one of two ways :
1 . The thick way ( coercion is justified only within through deep , comprehensive moral framework that specifies the values and interests the coercion is meant to promote / protect .
Joseph Raz and Ronald Dworkin go here . )
2 . The thin way ( coercion is justified only within a " freestanding " framework that does not call upon a deeper moral view .
Narveson and Rawls slot in here . )
Hm .
I wrote a blog post recently on this ...
http://tinyurl.com/56x228
Thanks for the clarifying post , Fact Check .
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-08 8:17:40 PM
It is appropriate for Chomsky to name Ayn Rand as " one of the most evil figures of modern intellectual history " , without further explanation or argument .
This fits with his long - standing pattern of making facile statements to which he hopes his readers will assent due to their concomitant inability to reason .
He depends on this inability throughout his political discourse , in which he regularly upholds contradictions such as the notion that individuals acting in voluntary concert via corporations somehow negates their individual rights .
Or , that Israel - a nation with a free press , an independent judiciary , and complete right of emigration - is somehow morally unworthy , relative to its neighbors , where these institutions are lacking , if at all existent .
In fact , a society ruled under Chomsky 's principles would quickly degrade to Totalitarianism .
The ruling clique would be " intellectuals " of Chomsky 's ilk .
Big surprise there .
Oh yes , he once was a tuly original scientist in the field of linguistics .
Not always right , but always willing to put his hypotheses to the test .
It would be a significant contribution for him to return to those roots .
Posted by : rogerz | 2008-12-09 5:19:35 AM
>>>
It is appropriate for Chomsky to name Ayn Rand as " one of the most evil figures of modern intellectual history " , without further explanation or argument .
This is one thing Chomsky does often that I do n't like .
I do n't think he's in the right shoes to be condemning a philosopher for being hypocritical , considering the stocks he 's invested in .
Posted by : von | 2008-12-09 8:36:49 AM
Chomsky should stick to his specialties : linguistics and the effect of mass media on popular culture .
Concerning Canadian human rights expression issues he 's completely out of his depth .
( per above ) Chomsky said :
" ... the devious argument used to ban Zundel on grounds of incitement of race hatred that made him a security threat .... "
A clean miss .
Zundel ran to the US to escape a Section 13 complaint , the consequence of running a large , profitable and international Nazi propaganda business in Canada .
Arrested and deported from the US for lack of status , he was returned to Canada his last port of entry .
Although he lived here for over 20 years Zundel never received Cdn. citizenship .
Detained as a German foreign national on a National Security ministerial certificate , he was eventually deported , but not for expression issues .
Most of specifics of the reasons for his expulsion from Canada were shown in Camera to a Canadian judge .
But what is certain is that Zundel was deported for his support of and activism with neo -Nazi and white supremacist groups and individuals in Canada , the US and presumably Europe .
Chomsky seems to have a " soft spot " for these types .
Years ago he lauded and wrote the preface to a disgusting Holocaust denial tract by the notorious Frenchman Faurisson .
See : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faurisson_affair
Posted by : Harry Abrams | 2008-12-09 9:28:26 AM
We should ask why the man in the well was there in the first place .
Was he born there ?
Did his recklessness put him there ?
Did the state put him there by removing all his ( capital ) options ?
Dr Block would argue that the man in the well MUST face repurcussions .
A state bailout would only encourage others to be reckless and soon you'd have 40 people in the well all saying " Please state , can you give me a lift ? "
Libertarianism is about the absence of coercion .
It is not about socialism .
The founding fathers had it right , Stalin had it wrong .
The weak attempt to marry a socialist action to libertarianism has failed miserably .
Posted by : Mudflap | 2008-12-09 10:35:44 AM
Oops .
That last comment was from me , and may not represent the views of the Western Standard or its affiliates .
In fact , it probably does n't :-)
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-09 6:09:24 PM
I 'll try to publish this under my own name now .
I 'm not sure why Typepad stuck it with the wrong designation .
Mudflap ,
I think it was pretty clear how the man got into the well .
In one case , he accidentally fell .
Maybe due to bad luck he tripped and fell into it .
In the other interesting case , he fell into the well after being mildly shoved ( i.e. coerced . )
The point is that in both cases it 's rather odd to say that he 's free , once he 's down in the well .
He 's not really free because he can't do much of anything .
That 's why we would say he 's _trapped_ at the bottom of a well .
I agree that coercion makes it easier to ascribe responsibility for his current state , especially legal responsibility .
I 'm not sure why a " state bailout " would encourage more people to plunge into wells .
And , even if it would , I do n't see why individual charity would not have a similar effect .
If there 's someone waiting with a rope ( state funded or not ) , I might be a little less careful around wells ( still , why in the world would anyone want to fall into a well ? )
Building from Fact Check 's comments , I do n't think there 's anything un-libertarian about saying the man in the well ( however he got down there ) lacks freedom .
The question is , does he have the right to demand that others restore that freedom ?
My take is as follows : if you think freedom is extremely valuable , then one might think that would give you a reason -- not necessarily a conclusive reason -- to restore the man 's freedom
The concerns you say that Dr. Block would raise provide , at best , other reasons not to act on that reason .
If helping this one man would indeed produce an epidemic of people jumping into wells , that would be a very good reason not to help him , one that would outweigh the reason to help I just stated .
That said , I think the scenario is rather absurd .
Why would people intentionally jump into wells ?
Best ,
Terrence
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-09 6:35:28 PM
I Assume that we 're on the same page here and that the well represents some sort of disasterous crash .
People may not intentionally jump into a well ( crash ) .
But they would commit high risk behaviour ( laziness , drugs , idiocy of any sort ) that results in our well scenario .
If we are not subject to the repercussions of our actions , then more people will commit those actions .
You get more of what you subsidize !!
Bottom line -
If you act in a manner that will put you at the bottom of a well , you 'd better be prepared to use ingenuity to get yourself out , and change your ways , or stay there .
It 's not up to your brothers to restore your freedom .
If you want it it - earn it .
The role of the state is to leave you alone in your quest ( the absence of coercion ) .
You 're right , according to Dr Block , charity has the same effect as a state bailout .
It still subsidizes stupid , reckless behaviour .
Dr Block is against handing money to the homeless .
Why would people intentionally jump into a well ?
Because they know a socialist will be there to extract them .
Subsidize an idiot rescue program and idiocy would skyrocket .
Socialism is the subsidizing of lethargy .
The USSR had 300 million lethargic zombies .
If you can't understand the very simple and proven notion that bailouts cause reckless behaviour , then maybe a little life experience and reviewing some empirical data will help .
I can forgive your lack of understanding on that .
I know you are n't an economist .
But it is n't rocket science .
Posted by : Mudflap | 2008-12-09 7:58:46 PM
Mudflap :
I 'll break this down for you because you 're probably not a philosopher and I can forgive the lack of rigour in your thinking .
Here are some of the things no one has advocated for here or probably anywhere else on the Shotgun :
1 . The bailouts ( the well example was not an analogy in that sense . )
2. Socialism
3. Policies that reward risky behaviour .
Here are the two issues being discussed :
1 . The definition of freedom , and whether a person 's freedom can be diminished in ways that do not directly involve coercion from others .
2 . The conditions that must be met in order to justify one person 's demand that others restore or enhance his freedom .
Everything Jaworski , Fact Check , Matthew , and I were discussing directly connected to these issues .
Frankly , your comments have not .
I indulged you , because I thought you might have something constructive to say .
Perhaps that was a mistake .
If you do want to contribute to any of these issues , feel free to add another comment .
If you 're just going to accuse me of advocating socialism or supporting the bailouts , you 're not going to get far , because I have never done either of these things on the Shotgun ( or anywhere else , for that matter . )
Best ,
Terrence
Posted by : Terrence Watson | 2008-12-10 12:24:46 AM
The political term ' liberty ' is a more appropriate starting point for explaining libertarianism than the complex and essentially contestible notion of ' freedom ' .
Starting with ' freedom ' is a mug 's game .
Liberty is simply the absence of coercion by others .
Libertarianism is ( as Nozick observes ) an historical conception of justice , as opposed to a present - time - slice ( or distributive ) theory : the present situation is just if and only of it arose from a just starting point by just steps , where just steps are ones that involve no coercion .
That 's pretty easy to understand , and it provides the debate about libertarianism 's merits a clear grounding .
Why address muddles when there is a clear way to proceed ?
Posted by : Grant Brown | 2008-12-10 3:00:43 AM
Where is Gnome 's argument against Rand ?
I think I missed it .
Posted by : PIGMAN | 2008-12-10 10:10:50 AM
Uh , actually Terrence , were you not advocating taking 5 bucks from everyone to teach Joe to read ?
That would be socialism , a form of personal bailout and a reward for those who crash and burn .
So , no one one here , other than yourself , is advocating socialism .
Albeit , unwittingly .
Posted by : Mudflap | 2008-12-10 6:07:16 PM
I think the big elephant in the room here is conglomeration .
There 's a reason he singled out the incident with Warner Publications over all others in this interview .
Here is a textbook publishing company that decided on its own to print a book and was destroyed by its parent company when it disobeyed a very stupid and ideologically motivated order from a self - important executive who owns it only by proxy .
I do n't think anyone on this site likes the idea of people 's labor being owned to the extent that the publisher 's labor was owned .
Posted by : Jason Hendrix | 2008-12-10 9:02:13 PM
Peter ,
Its very cool that Chomsky is so accessible to you .
Can you ask him in more detail next time about what specifically about Rand 's words , philosophy and theme that Chomsky regards as " evil " ?
Its unfortunate that Greenspan , Reagan , and so many other poseurs of the right have used Rand 's name for their bastardized philosophies .
Posted by : Marc Scott Emery | 2008-12-15 7:42:07 PM
" Years ago he lauded and wrote the preface to a disgusting Holocaust denial tract by the notorious Frenchman Faurisson .
See : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faurisson_affair "
It 's patently false to say he " lauded " Faurisson 's book .
He never even read it , nor did he know his essay would be used to preface it .
This is all clear from the very page you linked to .
Chomsky has a long history , going back decades before this manufactured controversy , of both condemning the Holocaust and ardently supporting freedom speech , especially for those in academia whose work he personally detests .
Chomsky : " I have taken far more controversial stands than this in support of civil liberties and academic freedom .
At the height of the Vietnam War , I publicly took the stand that people I regard as authentic war criminals should not be denied the right to teach on political or ideological grounds , and I have always taken the same stand with regard to scientists who " prove " that blacks are genetically inferior , in a country where their history is hardly pleasant , and where such views will be used by racists and neo -Nazis .
Whatever one thinks of Faurisson , no one has accused him of being the architect of major war crimes or claiming that Jews are genetically inferior ( though it is irrelevant to the civil - liberties issue , he writes of the " heroic insurrection of the Warsaw ghetto " and praises those who " fought courageously against Nazism " in " the right cause " ) .
I even wrote in 1969 that it would be wrong to bar counterinsurgency research in the universities , though it was being used to murder and destroy , a position that I am not sure I could defend . "
http://www.chomsky.info/articles/19810228.htm
Anther illuminating essay on this topic :
http://www.chomsky.info/letters/198509--.htm
Chomsky is about as committed to free speech as one could possibly be .
He 's been libelled and slandered as standard practice by his critics for decades but refuses to sue on principle .
Disagreeing with his libertarian position on free speech is of course legitimate , but those who cherrypick this one example and use it to suggest he is a Nazi or Nazi sympathizer should look at his entire record .
As to the claim by Craig that Chomsky " ( denied ) the atrocities committed by the Vietnamese communists after 1975 , " this is another blatant falsehood : http://www.diemer.ca/Docs/Diemer-AntiChomskySmears.htm
A poster here named Martha addressed this in much greater detail a couple months ago : http://westernstandard.blogs.com/shotgun/2008/10/noam-chomsky-if.html
Her outstanding post is towards the bottom .
When Chomsky 's critics are n't slandering him as a self - hating Jew Nazi , they 're usually calling him a Communist , Stalinist , Bolshevik , Trotskyite , et al , when in reality he's one of the few leftists of his generation to have always been a fierce critic of those ideologies .
Posted by : vos | 2008-12-17 6:42:58 PM
I agree completely with that Chomsky says .
Private tyranny is indeed the worst of systems since in that the people have no voice at all .
And do not let my ideological ramblings speak for themselves .
Since the de-regulation of media conglomerates under the Clinton and earlier Reagan / Bush Senior days the ownership of media has become increasingly centralised with bigger and bigger corporations getting bigger and bigger shares .
In the future one might even be bold enough to claim that even the remaining giants would merge , leaving you at the mercy of a true private tyranny .
A sort of monarchy in which stocks instead of crowns go from father to son from son to grandson and so on .
Horrible , horrible indeed .
Posted by : Boris | 2009-01-12 11:24:00 AM
My apologies for making two comments after one and other .
I would just like to mention that all libertarians or freemarket advocates remember what their system is designed to bring from a practical point of view .
It is designed to bring :
1. Equality ( Adam Smith )
2. Markets that are mainly affected by supply and demand
3 . The end of Tyranny .
Specificly the tyranny that the people of America fled from : Monarchy .
And thus you as libertarians must examine if statistics of " freemarket experiments " speak for or against the establishment of these things .
As earlier explained they do not provide this from my experience .
Posted by : Boris | 2009-01-12 11:37:29 AM
" ! strongly dislike the figures you mention .
Rand in my view is one of the most evil figures of modern intellectual history .
Friedman was an important economist .
I 'll leave it at that .
Nozick , who I knew , was a clever philosopher .
He did call himself a libertarian but it was fraud .
He was a Stalinist - style supporter of Israeli power and violence .
People who knew him used to joke that he believed in a two - state solution : Israel , and the US government because it had to support Israeli actions .
Hayek was the kind of " libertarian " who was quite tolerant of such free societies as Pinochet 's Chile , one of the most grotesque of the National Security States instituted with US backing or direct initiative during the hideous plague of terror and violence that spread over the hemisphere from the 60s through the 80s .
He even sank to the level of arranging a meeting of his Mont Pelerin society there during the most vicious days of the dictatorship . "
Is this really Chomsky ?
I think this may be fake - that or Chmosky has lost the plot .
It 's a really unintellectual critique of these figures and makes Chomsky look really bad .
Asked about 3 of the greatest 21st century intellectuals and he just responds with empty rhetoric and name calling ... sad .
Posted by : zasterguava | 2009-03-07 11:29:38 AM
The comments to this entry are closed .
It is that time of year to say ‘ thanks ’ for all that is good in your life .
Those things to be thankful for include an actual job , your children , a wife that does the dishes and cooks while you watch Kornheiser and Wilbon , a boss that allows you to sneak out early on Friday for $ 1 top shelf happy hour , an understanding bookie and women that keep you company when your wife hits the sack early .
We ’ve tried to do our part .
Many of you have become regulars at Busted Coverage for the ladies .
The editors , writers and even the gay photo editor are thankful for your patronage .
As we all sit down for white meat , 3 pounds of mashed potatoes and several pieces of pumpkin pie , let ’s be thankful for the “ 8 Models , WAGs , Female Athletes , Cheerleaders and Celebrities That Made 2008 Special . ”
As always , we can modify this post with your additions to the list .
Send in suggestions on women you ’ll be thanking tomorrow .
Cassie Keller –
The 18 - year - old college student at Central Michigan burst onto the scene and into our hearts this year for her Playboy work and Model Mayhem portfolio .
Marisa Miller – Need a reason for her to be on this list ?
You were in a coma for all of 2008 .
Sarah Brandner – 2008 has been the year of the WAGs .
If you are straight , be thankful , schmucks .
Sarah , just a highly impressionable teen , was discovered at the Euro 2008 tournament .
She started dating some German soccer hero and the country has n’t been the same since .
Leryn Franco –
Has there been a javelin thrower who has parlayed her sport into stardom better than Ms. Franco .
We could n’t name on and that was after a Wikipedia search .
Melissa Baker – This 2008 SI Swimsuit model and Ohio native burst onto the scene with her rookie spread .
She is just 21 and has the body and look to possibly make a run at the SI cover .
She will be a household name very soon .
Ally Baucom – ( Titans cheerleader )
It ’s tough for a NFL cheerleader to stick out in our minds but Ms. Baucom made an appearance at BC and became a hit .
That might be due to that boyfriend she refuses to lose .
We ’re still hoping our blogging abilities catch her attention .
It ’s the Tennesse Titans year and Ms. Baucom is along for the ride .
Megan Fox –
All of mankind should be thankful for Megan Fox in 2008 .
Even women who aspire to have a body like Ms. Fox are giving thanks for this goddess .
Jillian Beyor – This goes back to Spring Break 2008 .
Ms. Beyor went on Playboy U.’s trips to exotic locales and our dreams have been filled with this red bikini ever since .
That was about all the ladies we ’d be figuring into our ‘ Thanks ’ list prayer for Thanksgiving .
The family ( dad ) should be impressed .
Special Mention :
Beth Fithen –
We must honor at least one mom from the year who will be concocting stuffing and green bean casserole .
Ms. Fithen is the Playboy model mom of four .
She gets credit for having an amazing body , managing a future basketball team and driving a minivan .
Thanks ,
Beth .
Mother Fithen ( white )
Whom Bloggers Are Thankful For In 2008 :
The Sacramento Kings dance Team [ Don Chavez ]
Adriana Lima [ Next Round ]
Vida Guerra facing a wall [ The World of Isaac ]
Andy Roddick ’s woman Brooklyn Decker [ YepYep ]
Gina Carano [ on205th ]
Jessica Burciaga [ Machochip ]
Sarah Shahi [ Blog of Hilarity ]
Deanne Berry [ Angry T ]
Emmanuelle Chriqui [ Cuzoogle ]
Lucy Pinder [ Uncoached ]
Kate Beckinsale [ Salty Milk ]
Rep . Roy Blunt speaks about efforts to rally fellow Republicans to help pass a bill to provide a $ 700 billion bailout for the current financial and banking crisis , on Capitol Hill in Washington , October 3 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The number two Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives , will announce on Thursday he will not run to keep his leadership position after his party ’s election losses , Republican sources said .
Roy Blunt is the second senior Republican not seeking another term in leadership after Adam Putnam of Florida said on Tuesday that he would not seek re-election to his third - ranking job of Republican conference chairman .
Blunt , of Missouri , will make his announcement at a news conference , the sources said .
He will remain in Congress .
John Boehner of Ohio , the top House Republican with the job of minority leader , has announced he wants to keep his post .
Republicans will gather in mid-November to pick their new leadership team .
Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia , currently the chief deputy whip , is expected to seek Blunt ’s leadership spot .
Party leaders shape legislative initiatives in Congress and try to help position their rank - and - file members for reelection .
Since Republicans are the minority in the House and Senate , they will have significantly less influence on the legislative agenda , often acting as a brake on Democratic initiatives .
The Republican House leadership shakeup was widely anticipated , after the party lost at least 20 House seats in Tuesday ’s elections .
House Republicans were deeply divided over the $ 700 billion economic stimulus bill that became law last month with some members blaming their leaders for a sloppy job in handling it .
In the Senate , where Republicans lost at least six seats in the 100 - member chamber , the current minority leadership is expected to be re-installed next year .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell won another six - year term in the Senate after a difficult challenge .
Bilal Abdulla ( L ) and Mohammed Asha Two NHS doctors plotted " indiscriminate and wholesale " murder with car bomb attacks on London and Glasgow Airport , Woolwich Crown Court has heard .
Prosecutors say Dr Bilal Abdulla was in a car filled with explosives which rammed the terminal in June last year .
He and Kafeel Ahmed , now dead , are also said to have left cars full of explosive material in central London .
Dr Abdulla , 29 , and Dr Mohammed Asha , 27 , deny conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause explosions .
Prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw QC told the court that the men were motivated by revenge for how they believed the UK was treating Muslims in conflicts around the world .
Prosecutors say Dr Abdulla built the bombs and attacked the targets with Kafeel Ahmed , while Dr Asha played a key role behind the scenes , advising and supporting the plot .
" Their plan was to carry out a series of attacks on the public using bombs concealed in vehicles .
No warnings were to be given and the cars were to be positioned in busy urban areas , " Mr Laidlaw said .
" These men were intent on committing murder on an indiscriminate and a wholesale scale .
" By the carrying out of a series of explosions , with no warning as to where the next strike would occur , the terrorists knew the public would be gripped by fear .
They would not know where the terrorists would strike next . "
Failed bombs
The trial heard that two remotely - controlled car bombs left in central London in the early hours of Friday 29 June would have killed many young people on a night out .
One of the two Mercedes cars was parked outside the Tiger Tiger nightclub , the other around the corner on Cockspur Street .
The cars contained gas cylinders and petrol and large quantities of nails had been added to both vehicles to add to their destructive effect , said Mr Laidlaw .
" The repeated attempts to detonate the vehicles failed but that was not through any lack of effort by the bombers .
It was no more than good fortune that nobody died . "
The court was told the detonators were connected to home - made mobile phone triggers .
Mr Laidlaw said a number of calls were made to the phones in an attempt to set off the bombs but there was not enough oxygen in the cars to make the petrol and gas ignite .
The 30 June attack on Glasgow Airport , the court heard , was a " dramatic change " in plan because of the unexpected failure of the previous day .
The men had two more cars and enough material to make bombs for each .
But they also knew that the police would now be on their trail .
The jury heard that Dr Abdulla and Kafeel Ahmed went to their bomb factory on Neuk Crescent , Houston , and loaded a Jeep with gas cylinders and petrol bombs .
From there , they set out on a short journey to the airport to kill both travellers and themselves in a " spectacular " attack on the terminal 's busiest day of the year .
Holidaymakers filmed the car jammed in the terminal 's entrance doors .
It burned furiously , leading to Kafeel Ahmed 's death , but failed to explode .
Arrested
The three men , the court heard , had met while studying in the UK .
Dr Abdulla , an Iraqi citizen born in the UK , was arrested after the burning Jeep failed to detonate .
He was a junior house officer at the Royal Alexandra in nearby Paisley .
Dr Asha , a neurologist at University Hospital of North Staffordshire , lived in Newcastle - under - Lyme .
He was arrested late that day on the M6 motorway in Cheshire .
Indian - born Kafeel Ahmed died from his burns five weeks after the Glasgow attack .
Despite their professions and their obligations to save life and avert suffering , they both share the same extreme religious and murderous ideology
Prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw QC
" As the evidence demonstrates , they turned their attention away from the treatment of illness to the planning of murder , " said Mr Laidlaw .
" Material found in their possession after their arrests reveals that both men hold or adhere to extreme Islamic belief .
" Despite their professions and their obligations to save life and avert suffering , they both share the same extreme religious and murderous ideology as has inspired other terrorists who have struck at or threatened this country in recent years . "
The jury was told the men spent the six months before the attempted attacks buying vehicles , renting a property and making the bombs .
Prosecutors said said Dr Asha 's role was a " less obvious and less visible one " - but suggested he was " an important member of this terrorist cell " .
Mr Laidlaw said Dr Asha was held in " very high esteem " by Dr Abdulla and paid for some of the vehicles and other materials .
The jury was told Dr Abdulla and Kafeel Ahmed carried out a reconnaissance trip to London in May .
Prosecutors said Dr Abdulla sent a text message and called his co-defendant Dr Asha while in the capital and as he returned , stopping by at his house on the way back to Scotland .
Mr Laidlaw told the court : " After almost anything of significance occurring to Abdulla , sometimes in the company of Kafeel Ahmed , [ it ] would lead to him making contact with , or visiting , Asha . "
He said Dr Abdulla will claim the bombings were only intended to damage property but when jurors consider the evidence they will find such a defence " ludicrous " .
The trial was adjourned until Friday .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Reporters have been bombarding Obama 's transition office with the most detail - obsessed questions about his every move .
Reporters get personal with Obama
Barack Obama 's transition team found itself in the midst of a minor kerfuffle the other day when a reporter reported that the president - elect had worked out with a Microsoft Zune — rather than his trusty iPod .
When word got out , Apple geeks went crazy , and the media — from Wired to the Wall Street Journal — flooded the zone .
Suddenly , the phone lines at the Obama transition office were ringing with inquiries from reporters who passed up other pressing curiosities — who will be the education secretary ?
— to unpack the still not -entirely - answered question of which brand of MP3 player Obama used during a particular exercise session .
Advertisement
Welcome to the world of the celebrity president .
Reporters have been bombarding the president - elect ’s transition office and those close to Obama with the most detail - obsessed questions about his every move .
Among the inquiries received in recent weeks :
Does Obama prefer Macs or PCs ?
Who designed that tie he 's wearing ?
Where does he buy his suits ?
What 's his morning exercise routine like ?
How about his basketball techniques ?
What movie has he seen recently ?
Who cuts his hair ?
Will he sell his house in Chicago ?
What did he have for Thanksgiving dinner ?
What ’s his favorite food ?
And by the way , why has n’t he been going to church on Sundays ?
And if he does start going regularly , where does he plan to attend church once he moves to Washington ?
Earlier in the year , Us Weekly echoed that 1992 MTV moment when Bill Clinton was asked if he wore boxers or briefs .
Obama 's reply : " I do n't answer those humiliating questions .
But whichever one it is , I look good in 'em . "
At Obama ’s first news conference as president - elect last month , Lynn Sweet , the Washington bureau chief for the Chicago Sun -Times , embraced the public 's interest in the minor details of Obama 's life , asking the soon - to - be commander - in - chief - to - be what books he was reading and what kind of dog he planned to buy for Malia and Sasha .
Sweet told Politico that she felt compelled to ask because “ there are many moving parts to the story about Obama becoming president . "
" And the personal side is also important to chronicle , " she said .
A transition spokesman declined to comment on the inquiries .
But others in the Obama orbit say there ’s no escaping the public 's hunger for the smallest of details .
Michael Strautmanis , a longtime friend of the soon - to - be first couple who will serve as the chief of staff to Assistant to the President Valerie Jarrett , said he is constantly fielding questions from acquaintances on a wide range of Obama topics .
" I get lots of questions about whether he 's still smoking , " Strautmanis said .
" They ask me where he gets his ties , what kind of basketball player he 's like and even if they can play basketball with him sometime . "
( The answers : Do n’t think so ; unknown ; skinny but fast , good with a right - to - left fake ; probably not . )
Strautmanis said he thinks that most of the attention is because " Obama is new to the public stage " – that the public 's fascination will likely fade with time .
" One of the things people are going to learn is that , frankly , he 's a little boring , " Strautmanis said .
" He likes to go home and be with his family .
Michelle likes to stay home and watch ' The Dick Van Dyke Show . '
They 're a really traditional family . "
Still , Strautmanis understands , " people are looking for some commonality . "
" Barack seems extraordinary to them but accessible , " Strautmanis said .
" They 're looking for that real personal point to connect to him . "
Not all presidents have come with such star power or attracted so much attention , said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University .
" He comes in the Kennedy of line of someone who generates intense interest , " Zelizer said , noting that Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton also sparked the public imagination .
" We do n't just want to know about him , we want to know about the entire family . "
Zelizer said the Internet era has also contributed to the need - to - know phenomenon .
" We voted for Obama based on character , not just policy , " he said .
" What he 's doing personally is as important as the policies he 's doing for the country . "
When Zune - gate blew up around Obama , hundreds of bloggers and internet readers could n't get enough .
" NOOOOOOOOOOOO , " one iPod- loving user wailed on the blog Engadget .
" I want my vote back ! "
" Excellent news , " a pro-Zune user wrote .
" Nice to see he does n't conform to the crowd and taking style over substance . "
Some doubted the report -- if Obama has used an iPod before , surely he'd used one this time , too .
Philadelphia City Paper reporter Neal Santos , who filed the report saying that Obama was using a Zune , felt the need to say more .
He said he saw what he saw , and that he knows one MP3 player from the next .
" I do n't know for sure that it was his , " Santos said in an update to his Zune post .
" It could belong to one of the many Secret Service dudes that were at the gym . "
Noticing all the chaos the news was causing , the typically coy Obama press team even weighed in -- albeit without clearing up the confusion .
" The president - elect uses an iPod , " an Obama spokesman told the Wall Street Journal .
Clarification :
An earlier version of this story suggested that Obama did , in fact , use a Zune during a recent workout .
It remains unclear whether he did .
by David " Dr. Word " Safier
A Google news search for " McCain + ranch " yielded about 20 " McCain is heading to his ranch this weekend " stories .
But McCain does n't have a ranch , any more than George Bush does .
I looked up a number of definitions for " ranch . "
This one is typical : " A Ranch is an area of landscape , including various structures , given primarily to the practice of Ranching , the practice of raising grazing livestock such as cattle or sheep for meat or wool . "
McCain does n't graze cattle or sheep .
He does n't sell meat or wool .
He has about 15 acres of land in Oak Creek near Sedona with a large vacation home ( not a cabin ) and about 6 smaller guest houses .
As near as I can tell , the only animals he raises are stocked catfish in a fishing pond .
Oops .
Did I say " he has about 15 acres " ?
Sorry , my bad .
The land is owned by Cindy 's family trust and some kind of real estate partnership in her name .
Cindy has a prenuptial agreement with John to protect her assets , so I 'm assuming John has no claim to the property .
This use of the term " ranch , " and its repetition by the press reveals a lot about our current state of politics and the media 's willingness to repeat whatever they 're told .
" Ranch " evokes images of cowboys and horses and cattle roundups and all that John Wayne stuff .
It makes McCain and Bush seem like virile , independent men of the land .
You may remember that Bush bought his Crawford compound as the 2000 presidential election campaign was gearing up to give him a down home image .
Press photos all show the area off to its best rustic advantage .
If the press chose a different angle , I believe they would show a school next door .
( Not sure about this .
I 'm going on memory here . )
The press are complicit in this deception .
Have you ever seen the story , " Does Bush have a ranch or a vacation home ? "
Nope , I have n't either .
And you 'll find very few photos of Cindy 's vacation hideaway .
I scoured the internet for photos of Cindy 's Oak Creek vacation property and found very few .
Remember when McCain hosted the press corps to a barbeque there in March ?
He must have forbidden photos , because none of the stories have photos with them .
And McCain 's base , the press went along with it .
So this is kind of an exclusive .
You 're seeing Cindy McCain 's romantic lovenest here first , unless you 've been digging through the internet stacks like I have .
McCain 's daughter shot a cutesy video of the press barbeque .
Watch it if you want some insight into the way the press fawns over their favorite candidate .
I took a few screen shots to give you a sense of what the exterior of the McCain " cabin " looks like .
And I found an old Home and Garden spread on the place .
I think it 's from 2000 .
That 's where I got the lovely photo of carefully channeled creek , the manicured lawn and the house in the background .
Know where I got the McCain Ranch logo at the top ?
Hold onto your absurdist cowboy hats , boys and girls .
You 're about to learn that the only real McCain Ranch is alive and well on TV reruns of The Rifleman .
On the show , Chuck Connors played Lucas McCain .
Connors ' website has McCain Ranch materials all over the place .
So all you pretend cowboys and cowgirls , meet me at the pretend McCain Ranch .
You 'll find it somewhere between Sedona and TV Land .
Note : Time 's Joe Klein writes that , on many issues , he stands somewhere between McCain and Obama .
But he 's getting a little peeved at the McCain camp 's you 're - with - us - or - you 're - against - us attitude .
Here 's how Klein puts it : " The fact is that McCain - - or , at least , his top aides -- seem to have adopted a simple attitude toward the press : Either you come to the barbecue or you 're cast into the outer darkness . "
He forgot to mention , when you come to the barbecue , you leave your camera behind .
Mr. Reid ’s opposition to Mr. McCain ’s return was described as disingenuous by Mr. McCain ’s advisers , who only hours earlier had said Mr. McCain was returning to Washington in part as a response to Mr. Reid .
“ Senator Reid last night made clear in his view that it was up to John McCain to provide leadership on this matter , ” Steve Schmidt , a senior McCain campaign adviser , told reporters on Wednesday afternoon .
The debate on Friday was to focus on Mr. McCain ’s perceived strength , foreign policy .
Mr. McCain had not planned to devote large blocks of time to debate practice as did Mr. Obama , who was holing up with a tight circle of advisers at a hotel in Clearwater , Fla. , on Wednesday , Thursday and Friday to prepare .
Mr. McCain had a preparatory session on Wednesday afternoon at the Morgan Library in Manhattan , but advisers said it had been interrupted by his decision , announced immediately afterward , to suspend his campaign .
Democrats were withering in their reaction to Mr. McCain ’s decision .
“ Now that we are on the verge of making a deal , John McCain airdrops himself in to help us make a deal , ” said Representative Barney Frank , of Massachusetts and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee .
“ Frankly , we are going to have to interrupt a negotiating session tomorrow between Democrats and Republicans on a bill where I think we are getting pretty close to troop down to the White House for a photo op . ”
“ What , does McCain think the Senate will still be working at 9 p.m. Friday ? ” Gov. Edward G. Rendell of Pennsylvania said in an interview , referring to the scheduled start time of the debate .
“ I think this is all political . ”
Throughout the day , Mr. McCain and Mr. Obama were locked in an unusual back - and - forth about the bailout and Mr. McCain ’s decision to suspend his campaign .
The exchange started with a morning telephone call from Mr. Obama to Mr. McCain to ask whether Mr. McCain would issue a joint statement on the government bailout plan .
But Mr. McCain was not available to take the call , and the two did not connect until six hours later , about 2:30 p.m .
At that point , they had what the McCain campaign described as a 10 - minute phone call , but the substance of it remained in dispute between the two campaigns .
Mr. Schmidt of the McCain campaign said Mr. McCain told Mr. Obama that he was going to suspend his campaign and return to Washington and that he had called Mr. Bush to ask that he convene a meeting on the crisis .
Image Stagehands preparing the stage on Wednesday for the first presidential debate at the University of Mississippi .
Credit ... Jim Bourg / Reuters
But Mr. Obama was left with the impression from the conversation that Mr. McCain was “ mulling over ” suspending the debate as an option , not a final decision .
If you can , then do
With 2008 winding to a close , here 's a question to you : what was noteworthy about 2008 as far as programming languages were concerned ?
To paraphrase Ehud , on topic are notable news about PLT research ( direction , fads , major results ) ( 2 ) notable news about programming languages ( whether about specific languages , or about families etc. ) and ( 3 ) notable news about industrial use of languages / language - inspired techniques ( adoption , popularity ) .
While we 're at it , let 's score the predictions made at the beginning of the year and laugh at how young and naive we once were or at least make excuses about why our foretelling did n't quite pan out as predicted .
We ’re offering up a few easy little things that everyone can do to combat climate change .
Read More
WASHINGTON -- Negotiations on an auto - industry bailout failed in Congress this week in part because the United Auto Workers union refused to agree to senators ' demands for immediate wage cuts .
Now , the union must hope for a more sympathetic reception from the President George W. Bush administration .
White House officials said Friday they 're considering issuing loans to the auto makers from the $ 700 billion financial rescue program -- with tough conditions for the companies , their debt holders , and union workers .
Treasury Secretary ...
One of the odd things about working at Hewlett - Packard is that part of it is what ’s left of Digital Equipment , where I worked for seven years , from 1986 to 1993 .
Every once in a while , I ’ll stumble on some new artifact of that history .
Lying next to a printer , I found this , a VMS banner page :
It took me back , because back in the late eighties , I worked on this software , meaning not just the printer software in VMS , but the PostScript code that drew this page .
This is probably the oldest software of mine still running .
Funny to think that while I went off to pursue hundreds of other projects , this PostScript code was obediently drawing this simple page over and over for 20 years .
Back when we were first developing that banner page , it was being used on an LN03R , an 8 page - per- minute laser printer .
People complained that the banner page was taking too long to print .
I was given the job of toning down the PostScript complexity so that it would print more quickly .
People felt like all those scalable fonts must be a bottleneck .
After doing a number of controlled experiments , and whittling down on the pages , it became clear that nothing was making it go faster .
Finally I reduced the code to :
% Just print a blank page
showpage
and the blank page took just as long to come out of the printer as the “ fancy ” banner page with all the different font sizes on it .
What I learned was :
Israel ’s siege of Gaza , largely unseen by the outside world because of Jerusalem ’s refusal to allow humanitarian aid workers , reporters and photographers access to Gaza , rivals the most egregious crimes carried out at the height of apartheid by the South African regime .
It comes close to the horrors visited on Sarajevo by the Bosnian Serbs .
It has disturbing echoes of the Nazi ghettos of Lodz and Warsaw .
“ This is a stain on what is left of Israeli morality , ” I was told by Richard N. Veits , the former U.S. ambassador to Jordan who led a delegation from the U.S. Council for the National Interest Foundation to Gaza to meet Hamas leaders this past summer .
“ I am almost breathless discussing this subject .
It is so myopic .
Washington , of course , is a handmaiden to all this .
The Israeli manipulation of a population in this manner is comparable to some of the crimes that took place against civilian populations fifty years ago . ”
The U.N. special rapporteur for human rights in the occupied Palestinian territory , former Princeton University law professor Richard Falk , calls what Israel is doing to the 1.5 million Palestinians in Gaza “ a crime against humanity . ”
Falk , who is Jewish , has condemned the collective punishment of the Palestinians in Gaza as “ a flagrant and massive violation of international humanitarian law as laid down in Article 33 of the Fourth Geneva Convention . ”
He has asked for “ the International Criminal Court to investigate the situation , and determine whether the Israeli civilian leaders and military commanders responsible for the Gaza siege should be indicted and prosecuted for violations of international criminal law . ”
Falk , while condemning the rocket attacks by the militant group Hamas , which he points out are also criminal violations of international law , goes on to say that “ such Palestinian behavior does not legalize Israel ’s imposition of a collective punishment of a life - and health - threatening character on the people of Gaza , and should not distract the U.N. or international society from discharging their fundamental moral and legal duty to render protection to the Palestinian people . ”
“ It is an unfolding humanitarian catastrophe that each day poses the entire 1.5 million Gazans to an unspeakable ordeal , to a struggle to survive in terms of their health , ” Falk said when I reached him by phone in California shortly before he left for Israel .
“ This is an increasingly precarious condition .
A recent study reports that 46 percent of all Gazan children suffer from acute anemia .
There are reports that the sonic booms associated with Israeli overflights have caused widespread deafness , especially among children .
Gazan children need thousands of hearing aids .
Malnutrition is extremely high in a number of different dimensions and affects 75 percent of Gazans .
There are widespread mental disorders , especially among young people without the will to live .
Over 50 percent of Gazan children under the age of 12 have been found to have no will to live . ”
Gaza now spends 12 hours a day without power , which can be a death sentence to the severely ill in hospitals .
There are few drugs and little medicine , including no cancer or cystic fibrosis medication .
Hospitals have generators but often lack fuel .
Medical equipment , including one of Gaza ’s three CT scanners , has been destroyed by power surges and fluctuations .
Medical staff cannot control the temperature of incubators for newborns .
And Israel has revoked most exit visas , meaning some of those who need specialized care , including cancer patients and those in need of kidney dialysis , have died .
Of the 230 Gazans estimated to have died last year because they were denied proper medical care , several spent their final hours at Israeli crossing points where they were refused entry into Israel .
The statistics gathered on children — half of Gaza ’s population is under the age of 17 — are increasingly grim .
About 45 percent of children in Gaza have iron deficiency from a lack of fruit and vegetables , and 18 percent have stunted growth .
“ It is macabre , ” Falk said .
“ I do n’t know of anything that exactly fits this situation .
People have been referring to the Warsaw ghetto as the nearest analog in modern times . ”
“ There is no structure of an occupation that endured for decades and involved this kind of oppressive circumstances , ” the rapporteur added .
“ The magnitude , the deliberateness , the violations of international humanitarian law , the impact on the health , lives and survival and the overall conditions warrant the characterization of a crime against humanity .
This occupation is the direct intention by the Israeli military and civilian authorities .
They are responsible and should be held accountable . ”
The point of this Israeli siege , ostensibly , is to break Hamas , the radical Islamic group that was elected to power in 2007 .
But Hamas has repeatedly proposed long - term truces with Israel and offered to negotiate a permanent truce .
During the last cease - fire , established through Egyptian intermediaries in July , Hamas upheld the truce although Israel refused to ease the blockade .
It was Israel that , on Nov. 4 , initiated an armed attack that violated the truce and killed six Palestinians .
It was only then that Hamas resumed firing rockets at Israel .
Palestinians have launched more than 200 rockets on Israel since the latest round of violence began .
There have been no Israeli casualties .
“ This is a crime of survival , ” Falk said of the rocket attacks .
“ Israel has put the Gazans in a set of circumstances where they either have to accept whatever is imposed on them or resist in any way available to them .
That is a horrible dilemma to impose upon a people .
This does not alleviate the Palestinians , and Gazans in particular , for accountability for doing these acts involving rocket fire , but it also imposes some responsibility on Israel for creating these circumstances . ”
Israel seeks to break the will of the Palestinians to resist .
The Israeli government has demonstrated little interest in diplomacy or a peaceful solution .
The rapid expansion of Jewish settlements on the West Bank is an effort to thwart the possibility of a two - state solution by gobbling up vast tracts of Palestinian real estate .
Israel also appears to want to thrust the impoverished Gaza Strip onto Egypt .
There are now dozens of tunnels , the principal means for food and goods , connecting Gaza to Egypt .
Israel permits the tunnels to operate , most likely as part of an effort to further cut Gaza off from Israel .
“ Israel , all along , has not been prepared to enter into diplomatic process that gives the Palestinians a viable state , ” Falk said .
“ They [ the Israelis ] feel time is on their side .
They feel they can create enough facts on the ground so people will come to the conclusion a viable state cannot emerge . ”
The use of terror and hunger to break a hostile population is one of the oldest forms of warfare .
I watched the Bosnian Serbs employ the same tactic in Sarajevo .
Those who orchestrate such sieges do not grasp the terrible rage born of long humiliation , indiscriminate violence and abuse .
A father or a mother whose child dies because of a lack of vaccines or proper medical care does not forget .
A boy whose ill grandmother dies while detained at an Israel checkpoint does not forget .
All who endure humiliation , abuse and the murder of family members do not forget .
This rage becomes a virus within those who , eventually , stumble out into the daylight .
Is it any wonder that 71 percent of children interviewed at a school in Gaza recently said they wanted to be a “ martyr ” ?
The Israelis in Gaza , like the American forces in Iraq and Afghanistan , are foolishly breeding the next generation of militants and Islamic radicals .
Jihadists , enraged by the injustices done by Israel and the United States , seek to carry out reciprocal acts of savagery , even at the cost of their own lives .
The violence unleashed on Palestinian children will , one day , be the violence unleashed on Israeli children .
This is the tragedy of Gaza .
This is the tragedy of Israel .
Shutterstock
A BARREL of oil could be bought for $ 47.36 in after - hours trading at the New York Mercantile Exchange on Monday December 1st .
The price of oil is now at its lowest level in over three years and some $ 100 cheaper per barrel than at its peak in July .
The latest drop came after members of OPEC , who had gathered for an emergency meeting in Cairo at the weekend , failed to agree to cut output quotas , despite tumbling demand .
Many analysts expect the oil price to drop further .
Many will cheer the news .
Governments that were struggling to deal with inflation earlier in the year are enjoying some relief .
The world 's poorest , who spend as much as three - quarters of their income on getting enough to eat , were especially vulnerable to rising energy costs that helped to push up the price of food .
Food riots erupted from Kolkata to Cameroon .
With oil prices falling , and governments now more concerned about deflation than rising prices , those setting monetary policy have had no hesitation in cutting interest rates dramatically .
But not everything about a low oil price is a cause for cheer — nor is the dramatic volatility in the price a boon for consumers or producers .
Most worrying is that the rapid recent decline is a symptom of a sharply worsening world economy : demand is dropping as economic activity stagnates , or slows , everywhere .
More grim news about America 's economy sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down by 7.7 % on Monday with Japanese markets following suit .
Environmentalists are not happy either .
The recent period of high prices curbed appetites for oil and other forms of energy that result in emissions of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
Although some have argued that demand for petrol is inelastic ( in the short term drivers supposedly find it difficult to change their behaviour , or improve the fuel efficiency of their vehicles ) , anecdotal evidence and recent research suggest that responses to high prices were quick and significant .
A drop in sales of fuel - guzzling SUVs in America and increased use of public transport over the past year have been widely noted .
And as petrol prices rose , people were more likely to scrap old cars , to buy more fuel - efficient models and to drive less .
The result was lower consumption of oil and greater fuel efficiency of the fleet .
Elsewhere it helped that many governments which had kept prices at the pump low through subsidies , reduced these .
As a result more drivers were faced with paying closer to the true costs of their petrol use .
But lower oil prices may reverse some of these trends .
Those concerned about energy security have reason to worry , too .
Despite plans to increase the use of renewable energy and nuclear power — in the rich world , at least — oil will continue to represent a large share of energy needs , especially for transport .
The long - term supply depends on continued investments in oil production , which is discouraged by low or volatile prices .
Saudi Arabia 's oil minister claims that $ 75 a barrel is needed to encourage new oil production to prevent a possible shortage in the future — although he is referring to expensive options such as exploiting tar sands in Canada , rather than tapping Saudi Arabia 's own much cheaper fields .
The International Energy Agency , a rich - country energy watchdog , estimates that fresh sources of oil that could provide the equivalent to six times the current Saudi output will have to be found to meet expected demand in 2030 .
If prices are low , this is less likely to happen , making a painful shortage more likely later on .
The price of oil would ideally reflect not only its demand and supply but take into account the damage that its use inflicts on the environment .
But when oil is cheap , the hard decisions about investing in alternatives , inventing more energy - efficient plants and machinery , or changing consumer behaviour , all of which would help the world can wean itself off oil , become that much easier to postpone .
Despite his age , relatives suspected the boy immediately in the shootings .
His grandfather told investigators : " If any 8 - year - old was capable of doing this , [ the boy ] was " , and the child 's grandmother added : " I knew this was going to happen , they were too hard on [ him ] . "
Sometimes called the most important technological advance of the 20th century , the Haber - Bosch process allows the economical mass synthesis of ammonia ( NH3 ) from nitrogen and hydrogen .
It was developed a little before World War I by Fritz Haber and Carl Bosch , who were German chemists .
Haber won the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1918 for his discoveries , and Bosch shared a Nobel Prize with Friedrich Bergius in 1931 for his work on high - pressure chemical reactions .
A German national secret at first , the chemistry and techniques behind the effective synthesis of ammonia spread to the rest of the world during the 1920s and 1930s .
Hydrogen is used in the Haber - Bosch process to synthesize ammonia .
High Pressure , High Temperatures
Ammonia is important because it is the primary ingredient in artificial fertilizers , without which modern agricultural yields would be impossible .
Sometimes called the Haber ammonia process , the Haber - Bosch process was the first industrial chemical process to make use of extremely high pressures : 200-400 atmospheres .
In addition to high pressures , the process also uses high temperatures of about 750° - 1,200° Fahrenheit ( about 400° - 650° Celsius ) .
The efficiency of the reaction is a function of pressure and temperature ; greater yields are produced at higher pressures and lower temperatures within the necessary range .
Ammonia molecules , which are compounds of Nitrogen and Hydrogen , are represented by the formula NH3 .
History
During the first decade of the 20th century , the artificial synthesis of nitrates was being researched because of fears that the world 's supply of fixed nitrogen was declining rapidly relative to the demand .
Nitrogen in its inactive , atmospheric gas form is very plentiful , but agriculturally useful " fixed " nitrogen compounds were harder to come by at that time .
Agricultural operations require liberal amounts of fixed nitrogen to produce good yields .
At the beginning of the 20th the century , all the world 's developed countries were required to mass import nitrates from the largest available source — saltpeter ( NaNO3 ) from Chile — and many scientists were worried about the declining supply of nitrogen compounds .
The Haber - Bosch process provided a solution to the shortage of fixed nitrogen .
Using extremely high pressures and a catalyst composed mostly of iron , critical chemicals used in both the production of fertilizers and explosives were made highly accessible to Germany , making it possible for that country to continue fighting in World War I .
As the Haber - Bosch process branched out in global use , it became the primary procedure responsible for the production of chemical fertilizers .
Current Production
Newswise —
The failure of the New Orleans ' levees after Hurricane Katrina struck the coastal city in 2005 is now labeled " the worst engineering disaster of the United States " by a professional organization that knows " " the American Society of Civil Engineers ( ASCE ) .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers had complete authority for the design and construction of flood protection in the area around New Orleans , following the Flood Control Act of 1965 .
Today , it has until 2011 to provide New Orleans with an improved hurricane protection system .
This time , the corps is starting from a position that acknowledges the previous work was a " system in name only . "
Some 10 months after Hurricane Katrina 's devastation , the corps issued its June 1 , 2006 , follow - up study of the hurricane protection system for New Orleans and Southeast Louisiana .
Among its findings , it said : " The System did not perform as a system : the hurricane protection in New Orleans and Southeast Louisiana was a system in name only ...
The system 's performance was compromised by the incompleteness of the system , the inconsistency in levels of protection , and the lack of redundancy .
Incomplete sections of the system resulted in sections with lower protective elevations or transitions between types and levels of protection that were weak spots . "
The report went on to criticize the inconsistent levels in the quality of materials used in levees , differences in the conservativeness of floodwall designs , and variations in structure protective elevations due to subsidence and construction below the design intent due to error in interpretation of information .
A number of outside private and government consultants and experts had already been called upon , and now the corps needed more help .
Among the consultants were members of the Virginia Tech Geotechnical Program area of the Via Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering in Virginia Tech 's College of Engineering .
The geotechnical faculty includes two National Academy of Engineering members , James Mitchell and J. Michael Duncan , known for their life - long contributions to this field .
Adding to the program area 's capabilities is the group 's W. C. English Geotechnical Research Laboratory .
" This lab rivals those found at other top geotechnical educational programs such as University of California at Berkeley , the University of Illinois and the University of Texas , " said Ray Martin , civil and environmental engineering alumnus and geotechnical engineer .
In fact , during the last Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology ( ABET ) visit to Virginia Tech , evaluator Steven Wright of the University of Texas at Austin stated it was the best geotechnical university laboratory in the country , according to Martin .
He adds , " There is probably not a better private lab either . "
Tom Brandon , associate professor of civil and environmental engineering at Virginia Tech , directs this laboratory , dedicated in 2003 , and facilitated much of the Virginia Tech research associated with the failures of the New Orleans levees .
Martin , the former CEO of Schnabel Engineering , an international geotechnical engineering company , says his former company " frequently employed the services of Dr. Brandon and the English Lab when it had concerns about procedures or had questions about analyzing material .
We were always very pleased .
Dr. Brandon and Mike Duncan are two of the most knowledgeable researchers with respect to shear strength ( investigations ) . "
Brandon 's work on the failure of the levees after Katrina garnered him the 2007 Commanders Award for Public Service .
This award was specific to a project he completed for the Interagency Performance Evaluation Task ( IPET ) Force .
Brandon and Duncan were on the IPET Floodwall and Levee Performance Evaluation Team to investigate the reasons for the failures that caused the breaches in the flood protection system in New Orleans .
Brandon and Duncan analyzed seven breaches in the floodwall and levee system , working with engineers from the U. S. Army Engineering Research and Development Center in Vicksburg , Miss. , and engineers from other universities .
Their work continues to provide design guidance to the New Orleans District of the Corps of Engineers concerning methods of evaluating the stability of remaining floodwalls and levees in the area .
They had two papers related to their IPET work in a special issue on Hurricane Katrina published by the ASCE Journal of Geotechnical and Geoenvironmental Engineering .
Brandon was also a member of the technical team that conducted the London Avenue Canal Load test last summer .
At this canal , just down from the 17th Street Canal , in New Orleans , two breaches occurred on the morning of Aug. 29 , 2005 .
The breaches resulted in the formation of a gap between the wall and the levee on the canal side of the wall .
Water then flowed down through the gaps into the underlying sand .
High water pressures in the sand uplifted the marsh layer on the landside of the levee , resulting in concentrated flow and erosion , removing material , and reducing support for the floodwall , which failed catastrophically , according to the Army Corps of Engineers ' evaluation .
Brandon and Duncan have submitted a proposal to analyze the data collected from the London test with the intent of integrating the findings into current design methods .
Brandon is also the only non-corps member of the Mississippi Valley Division Geotechnical Quality Assurance Team .
This team oversees the quality assurance efforts on New Orleans area flood protection construction and reconstruction efforts .
It reviews site exploration plans , inspects drilling efforts to obtain samples , tracks the samples through the laboratory testing efforts , and reviews the final data .
It also investigates the use of the laboratory and field data in obtaining design strength parameters .
The team has written a manual , revised seven times to date , called Guidelines for Geotechnical Exploration and Testing , which is being used in present and future projects .
Brandon 's knowledge of the New Orleans area has secured him a number of independent technical reviews ( ITRs ) on different projects related to levee and floodwall design .
" I mainly review the technical design reports submitted by contractors for correctness and provide comments , " Brandon says .
He is currently looking at the data produced by a complex geotechnical computer model that questioned the viability of lake levees in the East Jefferson and St. Charles parish of New Orleans .
Since the Army Corps of Engineers is mandated to provide New Orleans with an improved hurricane protection system in three years , it cannot afford to ignore new findings .
However , as it enters into contracts that include overly conservative designs , it may rely on future research performed by engineers such as Brandon to modify the needs , possibly reducing costs .
For example , Brandon and some graduate students are reviewing the current specifications of organic content of fill materials , a joint project between Virginia Tech and the Savannah District of the corps of engineers .
" The Corps needs about 100 million cubic yards of soil for new levee construction .
Currently , they have located about 30 million cubic yards of local soil that meets their current specification of nine percent or less organic content .
If they could modify their specification to allow soils with a greater organic content , then more local fill material would be available for construction .
If they have to import soils from afar , then the cost increases dramatically , " Brandon explains .
His research project is to assess the engineering consequences of allowing a higher organic content .
To do so , two Virginia Tech geotechnical engineering students went to New Orleans and obtained about 2,000 pounds of different soil samples that have organic contents greater than nine percent .
These soils will be tested , and the effects of using these soils in levee construction will be examined .
" If we can justify the use of higher organic contents , then more local soils can be used for levee construction , and the cost of construction will be greatly reduced , " Brandon says .
The cost factor is driving another research project headed by Brandon .
" After Katrina , many geopundits criticized the corps ' design and testing methods .
They felt the corps should have been using more advanced types of geotechnical tests .
While the advanced testing methods may be good for relatively small projects , the cost effectiveness of these tests may be questioned when applied to levee projects that entail hundreds of miles , and soil borings are located only every 500 to 1,000 feet , " Brandon adds .
Consequently , he will direct very advanced tests in the English Geotechnical Lab , and the results of his complicated tests will be compared to the simpler tests conducted in area labs to determine if the additional expenses do actually result in safer structures .
The Nisshin Maru , the main ship in Japan ’s whaling fleet , has left port for Antarctica under tight security and without fanfare , environmentalist group Greenpeace says .
Leaving Innoshima in western Japan , it is the ship ’s first hunt in the region since its return to port in April following clashes with militant anti-whaling activists and a fire which crippled the vessel .
Japanese authorities have refused to comment on the Nisshin Maru ’s departure .
Greenpeace says the Nisshin Maru mission is part of Japan ’s plan to take about 850 minke whales and 50 fin whales this season – the same target as in 2007 .
Last year six ships took part in the hunt .
The vessel ’s movements will be followed by a ship belonging to Sea Shepherd , an anti-whaling group that skirmished repeatedly with the fleet at sea last year in an attempt to halt the hunt .
Advertisement
‘ Needless killing ’
Earlier today , Australia urged Japan to abandon its yearly hunt , launching its own scientific whaling study in the Southern Ocean to prove it was not necessary to kill the ocean mammals to study them .
“ Modern - day research uses genetic and molecular techniques as well as satellite tags , acoustic methods and aerial surveys rather than grenade - tipped harpoons , ” said Australian environment minister Peter Garrett .
“ Australia does not believe that we need to kill whales to understand them , ” he said .
A Japanese Fisheries Agency official last week denied a newspaper report that Tokyo would cut by 20 % the number of whales it planned to hunt due to anti-whaling protests .
But the official said that a moratorium on catching humpback whales would stay in place .
“ Constant pressure on Japan ’s whaling industry by both Greenpeace and the international community has reduced the fleet to sneaking out of port in a fog of crisis and scandal , desperate to avoid attention , ” says Sara Holden , Greenpeace International ’s whales coordinator .
Japanese whaling officials declined to confirm the ship ’s departure , citing safety considerations , but a worker at a local hotel said about 10 people connected with the Institute of Cetacean Research and whalers ’ families had stayed overnight .
Diplomatic row
Last season ’s row over whaling threatened to escalate when two Sea Shepherd activists boarded a Japanese whaling ship without permission and were temporarily held by its crew .
The incident led to a string of diplomatic complaints between Japan and Australia , which has been a vocal critic of the whaling programme .
Canberra last year sent a customs and fisheries icebreaker to shadow anti-whaling activists and the Japanese fleet , gathering photo evidence of the yearly research hunt for a possible international legal case against Tokyo .
Garrett said on Monday a legal case was still under consideration , but no decision yet had been made on whether to send another patrol boat south this year .
Japan ’s Fisheries Agency blamed Sea Shepherd and a dearth of whale sightings for their catch of only 551 minke whales last season – hundreds short of target .
A plan to start hunting humpback whales was dropped last year after protests from the US and other countries .
Environmental group Greenpeace has said it will break with its tradition of sending a ship to follow the whalers this season , concentrating instead on a court case involving two of its activists in Japan , who are accused of stealing whale meat .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - Recognizing the limits of traditional advertising , established technology companies are diving headlong into the sometimes chaotic landscape of social media to promote their products .
A Facebook profile is seen in a handout photo .
REUTERS / Handout
Companies ranging from PC maker Dell Inc to storage equipment maker NetApp
Inc are increasingly turning to outside blogs , viral videos and websites such as FaceBook , Twitter , FriendFeed and Digg -- and their tens of millions of users -- to reach consumers .
These social networking sites harness the age - old power of the word - of - mouth recommendation and can be potent marketing tools .
If nothing else , they demand a higher level of consumer engagement than conventional ads .
“ This is 180 degrees from that sort of advertising , ” said Debra Aho Williamson , a senior analyst at eMarketer .
“ Having a conversation with them ( consumers ) is a very new skill . ”
For tech companies with big marketing budgets , the shift to social media is an implicit acknowledgment that television and print are not necessarily the most effective ways to reach buyers , particularly younger ones .
In addition , with a recession looming , corporate budgets are being slashed .
UBS has forecast global ad spending will fall 3.9 percent in 2009 .
In such an environment , social media could prove to be a cost - effective way to sell to consumers .
But the strategy is not without some risk .
While every company wants to generate buzz , online backlash can be brutal .
Consumer healthcare giant Johnson & Johnson learned that the hard way with a recent Web video ad for its Motrin painkiller .
While apparently trying to be irreverent about the pain of wearing a baby in a sling , the ad offended many mothers who savaged it on Twitter , the wildly popular “ micro - blogging ” site where users communicate with short “ tweets ” of 140 characters or less .
J&J was forced to apologize on Monday .
Brian Keeler , a vice president at media consultancy VShift , said the key to social media is credibility and enlisting consumers in the act of marketing itself .
But if you upset your audience , it can mean trouble .
“ With the online media , things can go viral and spin out of control really fast , ” he said .
ONLINE CREDIBILITY
Dell has a dedicated team of around 40 people that interacts with consumers through its blogs , community forums and third - party sites .
The company began its social media push last year as it moved to repair its public image .
“ There ’s been a realization over the last several years that your customers are going to talk about you online and you have a choice to join that conversation , ” spokeswoman Caroline Dietz said .
Dell said it has used Twitter to sell $ 500,000 worth of refurbished PCs .
The company also took ideas solicited from its IdeaStorm site to make changes to its Latitude laptop .
NetApp sells data storage equipment only to enterprises , so its strategy is more limited .
Its employees are encouraged to blog on third - party sites about its products and the company focuses on keeping a unified message .
Still , NetApp said that , for the first time , it is dedicating 20 percent of its PR budget to social media .
One of the most effective social media advertising strategies , said author and blogger Dave Taylor , is to simply hand a new product over to a blogger for a test - drive .
A bad review can hurt , but an endorsement from an established name “ makes for some powerful marketing , ” he said .
In a similar vein , hard - drive maker Seagate Technology sponsored prominent blogger Robert Scoble , who wrote about the company ’s products and took part in promotions .
Seagate news now goes up on Facebook , pictures of products go on photo - sharing site Flickr , along with Twitter tweets .
The company has even built a studio to film Web videos .
Although some companies may balk at the idea of relinquishing control of their message , they may have no choice .
“ Historically , companies have been really focused on controlling the information they disseminate ... and the fact is that ’s dying , because accessibility and communication have so dramatically increased and improved , ” Taylor added .
The federal government agreed Sunday night to rescue Citigroup Inc. by helping to absorb potentially hundreds of billions of dollars in losses on toxic assets on its balance sheet and injecting fresh capital into the troubled financial giant .
The agreement marks a new phase in government efforts to stabilize U.S. banks and securities firms .
After injecting nearly $ 300 billion of capital into financial institutions , federal officials now appear to be willing to help shoulder bad assets , on a targeted basis , from specific institutions .
...
Ms Ostadh fought back and then went public about her ordeal An Egyptian man has been jailed for three years with hard labour for sexual harassment of a woman in the street .
Sharif Gommaa was also ordered to pay 5,001 Egyptian pounds ( $ 895 ) damages to Noha Rushdi Saleh for the attack in Cairo 's Heliopolis district .
Women 's rights activists welcomed the ruling saying it was the first known case of prison for such an offence .
The defendant was accused of repeatedly groping Noha Rushdi Saleh as he drove slowly alongside her in his car .
Although many Egyptian women and visiting foreigners complain of unwanted sexual advances in Egyptian streets , the subject is rarely addressed by the authorities or mainstream media .
After an hour - long tussle she dragged her attacker to a police station
Noha 's case highlighted in media However , this attack in June became the focus of media coverage after the 27 - year - old filmmaker , also known as Noha Ostadh , went public about her ordeal .
She told the BBC how shocked she had been at her attacker 's behaviour , and also at the attitude of passers - by who told her not to go to the police - while others blamed her for provoking the attack .
After an hour - long tussle in which she dragged Gomaa to a police station , she says the police officers initially refused to open an investigation .
Women regularly face harassment on the streets of Egyptian cities
The case was taken up by the Badeel opposition daily , which blamed Egypt 's oppressive government , and " the majority of citizens who identified with the oppressor " , and " decades of incitement against women " in some mosques .
' Example ' Egyptian women 's rights campaigners have praised the judge for handing down what is being seen as a harsh , exemplary sentence .
Engy Ghozlan , of the Egyptian Centre for Women 's Rights , told AFP news agency : " This is the first case we know of where someone was jailed for groping .
" The judge was obviously setting an example . "
The organisation released a survey this year that showed 98 % of foreign women and 83 % of Egyptian women had experienced sexual harassment .
Nearly two - thirds of men admitted harassing women in public .
But very few reported cases because of a " total lack of confidence in the police and judicial systems " , Engy Ghozlan said .
In an unusual development earlier in October , eight men were arrested in Cairo for allegedly taking part in a mob - style sexual attack on women pedestrians .
The attack , during the Eid holiday , was reminiscent of an incident in 2006 during the same holiday which marks the end of the holy Muslim month of Ramadan .
On both occasions , witnesses reported that police officers were present but did nothing to protect women who were violently groped and had some of their clothing torn off .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Research asks ' Why do n't all restaurant workers follow food safety rules ? '
Wednesday , December 10 , 2008
Why do n't restaurant workers - who handle an estimated 70 billion meals and snacks in the U. S. every year - follow common food safety practices ?
Why do n't they always wash their hands properly ?
Or keep work surfaces sanitary ?
According to a recent Kansas State University study , restaurant workers blame time constraints , inconvenience , inadequate training and inadequate resources for failure to follow food safety practices .
Researchers conducted focus groups with restaurant employees to identify perceived barriers to handwashing , cleaning work surfaces and using food thermometers .
Foodborne illnesses are most commonly caused by poor personal hygiene , cross contamination and improper time / temperature controls .
Barriers , they found , were not only a lack of food safety knowledge but also often a lack of understanding why employees should comply with food safety guidelines .
Previous research indicated that training increases knowledge regarding food safety issues , but that knowledge does not always translate into improved behaviors .
" We have used the results of this study to develop and implement an intervention program to address the barriers that training appears , " said Amber D. Howells , MS , RD and first author .
The restaurant industry employs 13.1 million people , and 59 percent of reported foodborne illness outbreaks were associated with restaurants in 2005 .
Howells said outbreaks usually are directly related to food - handler error .
Because of the study , researchers recommend that restaurant managers :
Provide regular food safety training to their foodservice employees ;
Educate employees about the consequences of improper food handling to improve attitudes toward food safety ;
Place signs about consequences of improper food handling in food production areas ;
Encourage food safety compliance with verbal reminders and praise ;
Be good role models ;
Incorporate food safety practices into employees ' daily routines to eliminate the perceptions that they do not have time to perform them .
Other researchers with the Department of Hospitality Management and Dietetics were Kevin R. Roberts , PhD and assistant professor ; Betsy B. Barrett , PhD , RD and associate professor ; and Carol W. Shanklin , PhD , RD and professor as well as interim dean of the Graduate School .
Others were Valerie K. York , PhD and an evaluator in the Office of Educational Innovation and Evaluation , and Laura A. Brannon , PhD and associate professor of psychology .
Two series of focus groups were conducted .
Focus groups were to identify obvious barriers to following safe food preparation practices .
Participants in Group A received no special food safety training .
Participants in the second series of focus groups , Group B , received formal ServSafe® training .
Group A consisted of 34 restaurant employees involved in food preparation .
The group received no special food safety training .
In Group B , 125 employees divided into 20 focus groups received four hours of training from certified ServSafe® instructors .
The research found that employees did not comply with food safety guidelines because of a variety of perceived barriers .
In Group A , additional barriers identified lack of space and other tasks competing with cleaning work surfaces ; inconvenient location of sinks and dry skin from handwashing ; and lack of working thermometers and thermometers in inconvenient locations .
Group B agreed with Group A , but added other barriers : lack of incentive to clean work surfaces and manager not monitoring the work and manager not monitoring the use of thermometers .
Research results were published in the August 2008 issue of the Journal of the American Dietetic Association .
Photo by Me !
Is n't it cool ?
Photo by Me !
Is n't it cool ?
Photo also by me , with help from Jen in creating the heart ...
Photo also by me , with help from Jen in creating the heart ...
1.Shock and Denial -
2.Pain and Guilt -
3. Anger and Bargaining -
4. Depression , Reflection , and Loneliness -
5. Acceptance and an Upward Turn
metanephrine and normetanephrine are released in excess with addition to proteins such as neuropeptide Y , brain natriuretic peptide , and serotonin .
cardiologist Ilan Wittstein , M.D. , an assistant professor at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and its Heart Institute .
Heartbreak is more than just an emotional defeat ; to some the pain is very real .
At one point or another , everyone must experience this mind numbing feeling ( unless you confine yourself to a house and never interact with even a pet ) but that 's not the norm and you 're probably not reading this article if you 've had that kind of sheltered life .
Heartbreak can be caused by many different circumstances and that 's what makes this emotion easily recognized by nearly every person on the planet .
It can result from the loss of a loved one , a partner , a friend and even a close pet .
Or it can be caused from disappointment , betrayal or a change from known surroundings .
It might not even be a loss at all but a sense of loss , or the realization that the love of the person you care most for is drifting far from where it had always been .
Love , in the same perspective as heartbreak , neither has a corrective definition nor specific amplitude implied by the physical word itself .
There 's a never - ending limit to the definition of love because there are so many things we love and in many different ways .
There 's friendship love , love for animals and possessions , love for music or hey , even food .
Then there 's that kind of love that is so overwhelming perfect , passionate and meaningful , a love that you have never before been able to achieve .
This is the love we 're going to be talking about throughout this article , but before we can continue on , we must first understand why we as humans are constantly searching to fulfill this emotion .
A part of the desire comes from what we find most joyful in life .
If you search for this answer , and look upon previous actions objectively , it 's simple to say that we are satisfied by making others happy .
We receive complete satisfaction from doing things for others , and this feeling increases with the intensity of love we feel towards that specific person or thing .
When you lose someone you love , you have lost the sense of purpose acquired by the relationship between them and yourself .
You lose the purpose you felt when doing simple things to make them smile , and making yourself joyful in return .
The cycle should continue endlessly , but as we know that could only occur in a perfect world , which this is not .
Heartbreak happens , and it changes who we are for the better ( in most cases ) and so will it be for the rest of our lives and next .
" We of course equate the pain of loss to the intensity of the love , but that is not what is behind the pain .
The more you love and feel loved , the greater the increase of your sense of purpose because when you do something for just anyone and they do not appreciate it ; your sense of purpose is not completely satisfied .
It requires seeing who you are helping , and their appreciation to make it complete . " says personal developer , David Samuel .
Continuous searching comes from our need not only to self imply a purpose of being , but also to find the " one " that will make us feel needed , appreciated , and most importantly , well , loved .
We act in some silly ways just to be able to have a someone that we can call our own .
We act crazy , we do stupid things , and we make regrettable mistakes , but hey , that 's just falling in love .
We start picturing the rest of days together , share every ounce of pointless information we can recall , and create a bond greater than ever perceived , all before a thought of those three little words comes to mind .
Anyone who 's ever gone through the emotional pain of a heartbreak more often than not can express the experience through the form of some type of physical pain .
Emotions affect physical health in more ways than many realize , but how does the body physically feel the emotional loss ; in other words , what is it that brings pain to the heartbreak ?
" Pain is the way the mind responds to trouble inside the body , " says Alex Zautra , a professor of psychology at Arizona State University .
" Emotion is the same way .
Whether you feel love or sadness is also a response to something you feel outside the body .
With pain it is a closer - in response , to something inside the body , but it is a response in an attempt to learn about and motivate recovery .
"
The depression caused by heartbreak creates a barrier that can prevent us from feeling and experiencing life to the fullest , in all aspects .
Symptoms vary byindividual and range from withdrawal from society tophysical sickness and pain .
You lose a part of yourself when connections are lost , and its not far - fetched to say that you feel completely empty inside .
There 's an ache , a deep ache that erupts from the inside of our bodies longing for the past .
The pain is real and there 's no other way to describe how bad it really hurts than to name it heartbreak .
Its a longing for the past and the pain of feeling completely empty and abandoned .
It makes it hard to get up in the morning and to get through the day , but all wounds are inevitably healed through time , and thus you hope for the future to approach quicker .
When a person feels secluded or feels loss , changes in the brain 's blood flow occur .
The anterior cingulate cortex ( responsible for regulating physical pain distress ) becomes more active during these times .
This is seen in victims of depression who also register physical pain due to the detection of nociception , which triggers a variety of responses , one which results in the experience of pain .
People who are depressed or who are under extreme stress are more at risk to develop heart disease and other cardiovascular diseases based on research that found depression to help in thickening artery walls .
Although most pain of heartbreak is not that severe , it still has a profound effect on daily living .
Symptoms of breakup might include loss of appetite , insomnia , headaches , stomachaches , nausea , a ton of tears , occasional nightmares , alcohol / substance abuse , depression , eating disorders , panic attacks , loss of interest , fatigue , loneliness and hopelessness .
Someone who is dealing with heartbreak follows patterns similar to those of the stages of deathyou may deny the reality of the situation ; this provides emotional protection from feeling overwhelmed by the situation .
The shock of loss allows a state of emptiness to move in , clouding most judgment .
after the shock wears off it becomes replaced with suffering and unbearable pain .
Regret for things you did wrong , or things that you were n’t able to do with this person adds to further tears .
Life feels chaotic during this time , and its best to openly discuss feelings and stray from bottling up your emotionslashing out is a common form of attempting to release all unspoken emotions .
This is the stage where the “ why why why ? ! ” questioning comes in .
The pleas for returned love run rapid , trying to bargain with fate or with the person who was just lost .
like everyone else in this situation , a period of sadness clouds andabsorb your entire sense of being , leaving feelings of emptiness .
This feeling occurs when you finally realize and accept the magnitude of your loss .
Isolation from people is exceedingly normal , and offers a time to reflect on the past .-
The feelings of depression lift slightly and life becomes possible to survive without that person so deeply intertwined with each activity .
The days are a little easier to shuffle through , and you see the possibility of continuation .
The reality of the situation is fully accepted and , although happiness may not return for some time , the ability to move forward has occurred .
According to studies on heartbreak and how it affects people , most of whom women , a connection can be found between emotional pain and a literal form of heartbreak - heart attack .
Depression is documented to affect its host physically and so is the case with heartbreak .
The emotional stress is harmful and is said to possibly be cause for what 's known as Broken Heart Syndrome , cleverly laid out in the picture below .
Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy is a sudden temporary weakening of the myocardium , producing something similar to a heart attack .
When the body becomes overwhelmed , primarily due to stress , hormones such as " Our hypothesis is that massive amounts of these stress hormones can go right to the heart and produce a stunning of the heart muscle that causes this temporary dysfunction resembling a heart attack , " says " It does n't kill the heart muscle like a typical heart attack , but it renders it helpless .
" The best thing for a broken heart is to be patient and allow time to settle all unresolved feelings .
Talking about your feelings with friends or family help to smooth the passage of the loss , as will allowing yourself time to reflect on all feelings and answer questions you may have for yourself .
Keeping busy with hobbies you 're passionate about and trying new things also keeps your mind busy during hard times .
Get a group of friends together and watch a movie , or if you 're more to yourself , try a quiet walk through a forest or even around the neighborhood .
Give yourself time , and do things that make you happy .
You are your own best friend and it's important that you accept who you are and like who you are as a person before you expect anyone else to .
If your workout program comprises of cable fly , and you want to build your pectoral muscles , then you are on the right track .
Cable fly variation , also known as standing cable is one of the best worko …
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The former home of the US football team the Indianapolis Colts has been demolished .
Officials used explosives in the upper seating area to bring down the structure .
The demolished site will now be redeveloped as a convention centre .
San Francisco gets all the credit in California for being sustainable , but Burbank has something up its sleeve : the West Coast 's first hydrogen fuel cell bus .
The city has been selected as a test market for hydrogen fuel cell technology in public transportation systems by Proterra , a hybrid vehicle company .
Burbank 's 67 passenger bus can travel up to 250 miles without being recharged and takes only 6 minutes to get all the power it needs from a regular wall outlet .
The battery is also partially recharged from energy generated when the bus driver brakes .
Burbank 's zero-emissions , ultra - quiet prototype will be formally unveiled in spring 2009 .
While I assume Proterra will take care of at least some of the costs for the Burbank test run , the capital necessary for similar projects will likely remain elusive for most cities — especially in our current economy .
Then - U.S. President Bill Clinton spoke at a 1999 conference focusing on cyber terrorism .
See more president pictures .
Stephen Jaffe / AFP / Getty Images
­ Because cyber warfare is so different from traditional warfare , you can't rely on the same rules you 'd use in a physical conflict .
With the right techniques , a hacker can make an attack practically untraceable .
It 's not hard for a skilled hacker to create an entire army of zombie computers -- machines infected with a program that allows the hacker to control the computer remotely .
A person owning one of these infected computers might not be aware of the intrusion at all .
If a computer system comes under attack from an army of zombie computers , it might not be possible to find the hacker ultimately responsible .
Part of preparing for a cyber attack is to educate citizens around the world .
The importance of computer security can't be overstated .
A combination of the right antivirus software and a careful approach to Internet activities can help prevent hackers from gathering the resources they need to mount an offense in the first place .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Security experts like Richard Clark , former cyber security advisor to the United States , say that part of the responsibility falls on software companies .
He has said that software companies often rush products to market without putting them through a rigorous quality control phase .
In particular , he criticized Microsoft for its practices .
Since then , Microsoft claims it spends more time and resources making sure its products have strong security features [ source : Frontline ] .
Why release products that are n't secure ?
The issue is n't as clear - cut as we might like .
There 's an economic tradeoff when companies take more time to look into security issues before releasing a product .
The longer the production cycle , the more money the company has to spend .
That puts software companies in a difficult position .
Should they increase the price of their products , which can hurt the consumer ?
Should they keep the price the same and absorb the added development costs , which hurts their investors ?
Should they cut costs elsewhere by lowering salaries , which hurts their workforce ?
The reality is that an increased focus on security will result in an impact on the bottom line of the business .
If companies feel the risk of a security breach is low , it 's possible that they 'll ignore the possibility entirely .
Another thing to consider is that private companies own most of the Internet 's infrastructure .
Unless the government implements regulations , it 's up to these private companies to ensure the safety of their networks .
Even experts like Richard Clark have said that regulation is not the right decision -- he argues that it inhibits innovation and lowers the bar for security across all industries .
Most industries and governments employ security experts who monitor their respective computer systems constantly .
They are responsible for detecting probes and intrusions and reacting to them .
Security experts like John Arquilla , an associate professor at the Naval Postgraduate School , and John Hamre , CEO and president of the Center for Strategic and International Studies , have said that a Pearl Harbor attack would probably not cause widespread destruction , in part because we 've learned to detect and respond to attacks quickly [ source : Frontline ] .
While an attack might still be successful , they say that the recovery period would be relatively short .
Governments and companies should still try to seal any security holes they might have , but it 's not likely that a massive attack could cripple major systems for a significant period of time .
Other experts are less certain -- they caution that a well - organized assault could take us by surprise and hit enough systems to cause widespread economic damage .
While it might not be obvious to us in our every day life , there 's no doubt that cyber warfare is going on right now between nations and factions around the world .
So is cyberwar coming ?
It may already be underway .
To learn more about cyber warfare and other topics , try invading the links on the next page .
" I think more and more men are becoming interested in bras .
Since we launched the men's bra , we 've been getting feedback from customers saying ' wow , we 'd been waiting for this for such a long time ' , " she said .
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1726
dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov
Katherine Trinidad
Headquarters , Washington
202-358-1100
katherine.trinidad@nasa.gov
Rhea Borja
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
818-354-0850
rhea.r.borja@jpl.nasa.gov
Dwayne BrownHeadquarters , Washington202-358-1726 Katherine TrinidadHeadquarters , Washington202-358-1100 Rhea BorjaJet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif.818-354-0850
RELEASE : 08-298
NASA Successfully Tests First Deep Space Internet
PASADENA , Calif . -- NASA has successfully tested the first deep space communications network modeled on the Internet .
Working as part of a NASA - wide team , engineers from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , used software called Disruption - Tolerant Networking , or DTN , to transmit dozens of space images to and from a NASA science spacecraft located about 20 million miles from Earth .
" This is the first step in creating a totally new space communications capability , an interplanetary Internet , " said Adrian Hooke , team lead and manager of space - networking architecture , technology and standards at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
NASA and Vint Cerf , a vice president at Google Inc. , in Mountain View , Calif. , partnered 10 years ago to develop this software protocol .
The DTN sends information using a method that differs from the normal Internet 's Transmission - Control Protocol / Internet Protocol , or TCP / IP , communication suite , which Cerf co-designed .
The Interplanetary Internet must be robust to withstand delays , disruptions and disconnections in space .
Glitches can happen when a spacecraft moves behind a planet , or when solar storms and long communication delays occur .
The delay in sending or receiving data from Mars takes between three - and - a - half to 20 minutes at the speed of light .
Unlike TCP / IP on Earth , the DTN does not assume a continuous end - to - end connection .
In its design , if a destination path cannot be found , the data packets are not discarded .
Instead , each network node keeps the information as long as necessary until it can communicate safely with another node .
This store - and - forward method , similar to basketball players safely passing the ball to the player nearest the basket means information does not get lost when no immediate path to the destination exists .
Eventually , the information is delivered to the end user .
"
In space today , an operations team must manually schedule each link and generate all the commands to specify which data to send , when to send it , and where to send it , " said Leigh Torgerson , manager of the DTN Experiment Operations Center at JPL .
" With standardized DTN , this can all be done automatically .
" Engineers began a month - long series of DTN demonstrations in October .
Data were transmitted using NASA 's Deep Space Network in demonstrations occurring twice a week .
Engineers use NASA 's Epoxi spacecraft as a Mars data - relay orbiter .
Epoxi is on a mission to encounter Comet Hartley 2 in two years .
There are 10 nodes on this early interplanetary network .
One is the Epoxi spacecraft itself and the other nine , which are on the ground at JPL , simulate Mars landers , orbiters and ground mission - operations centers .
This month - long experiment is the first in a series of planned demonstrations to qualify the technology for use on a variety of upcoming space missions .
In the next round of testing , a NASA - wide demonstration using new DTN software loaded on board the International Space Station is scheduled to begin next summer .
In the next few years , the Interplanetary Internet could enable many new types of space missions .
Complex missions involving multiple landed , mobile and orbiting spacecraft will be far easier to support through the use of the Interplanetary Internet .
It also could ensure reliable communications for astronauts on the surface of the moon .
The Deep Impact Networking Experiment is sponsored by the Space Communications and Navigation Office in NASA 's Space Operations Mission Directorate in Washington .
NASA 's Science Mission Directorate and Discovery Program in Washington provided experimental access to the Epoxi spacecraft .
The Epoxi mission team provided critical support throughout development and operations .
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
I have a vague feeling of dÃ©jÃ vu that I ’ve written this post already , but the subject bears repeating .
I ’m working with a few preconditions of human nature with one of them being that humans like to see that they have some kind of effect on and in the world that they live in .
This explains the subtle enjoyment one gets from cracking the ice of small ponds on a cold morning or why some people build models or any of the huge number of human endeavours that exhibit this idea .
Being social creatures that we are , we also like to see that we have an effect on other humans .
We like to be acknowledged by them and recognized by them .
I honestly think that you could drive anyone mad by just everybody not paying any attention to him / her or engaging in any interaction with them apart from the smallest possible amount .
For example , if you tried to talk to people at work , they would n’t respond with anything meaningful , just grunts or shrugs .
No matter what you said .
Any questions at the supermarket would be met with I - do n ’t - know ’s and I - guesses .
It is exactly because of this need for recognition that makes people greet each other .
It is the assumption that if I acknowledge you , you will acknowledge me in turn .
It is because of this fundamental link with basic human needs and traits that makes greeting an activity in need of as little as possible of reasons .
Greeting should be acceptable in any situation .
You should never have to explain why you greeted someone .
For any number of reasons , listed in this post or otherwise , I genuinely think that the world would be a bit better place if people greeted each other more often .
$ 70 per hour : right or wrong ?
Felix Salmon argues that this figure for GM 's labor costs is deceptive .
Sort of , but it 's actually quite apt at showing the core problem with GM .
Felix says that " the average GM assembly - line worker makes about $ 28 per hour in wages , and I can assure you that GM is not paying $ 42 an hour in health insurance and pension plan contributions .
Rather , the $ 70 per hour figure ( or $ 73 an hour , or whatever ) is a ridiculous number obtained by adding up GM 's total labor , health , and pension costs , and then dividing by the total number of hours worked .
In other words , it includes all the healthcare and retirement costs of retired workers . "
This is not quite right .
The reason that it is reasonable to include retirees in GM 's labor costs is that the benefits paid to the retirees are still under negotiation by the union .
In other words , the price for employing the people who are still working is giving a bunch of stuff to people who used to work for you .
If I understand it correctly , and GM uses standard accounting principles , GM 's pension payout costs are only marginal contributors to the problem ; the pension fund has to be advance funded , which means that most of the payout is covered by investment proceeds that are not accounted for as part of company profits .
Only where there are shortfalls due to investment losses or exceptionally long - lived retirees does GM kick in extra .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The reviews of director Marc Forster ’s “ Quantum of Solace ” have complained about the film ’s hectic pace ( reminiscent of Doug Liman ’s and Paul Greengrass ’s Bourne thrillers ) , about the humorlessness of Daniel Craig ’s Bond , and even about the squalid surroundings , so unlike Monaco and Prague , in which the film is set ( with many scenes in Haiti and Bolivia ) .
They have missed the most remarkable departure of all .
Forster presents us with a new phenomenon in the James Bond films , a Bond at odds with the United States , who risks his career to save Evo Morales ’s leftist regime in Bolivia from being overthrown by a General Medrano , who is helped by the CIA and a private mercenary organization called Quantum .
In short , this Bond is more Michael Moore than Roger Moore .
The plot of the film was developed by producer Michael G. Wilson during the filming of “ Casino Royale . ”
New York - born Wilson is from a show - business family ( his father , Lewis Wilson , was the first actor to play Batman on screen , and his step - father , Albert Broccoli , was long the producer of the Bond films ) .
But Wilson did a law degree at Stanford in the 1960s and worked for a while at a firm specializing in international law .
Outrage at offenses against international law are as much at the heart of this film as the more personal vendettas of Bond and Camille ( Olga Kurylenko ) .
Kurylenko , a Ukrainian , is the first Bond girl actually played by an actress from the former Soviet Union , and the St. Petersburg - based KPLO , a Communist group , denounced her , saying ,
‘ “ The Soviet Union educated you , cared for you , and brought you up for free , but no one suspected that you would commit this act of intellectual and moral betrayal . ” ‘
The KPLO then called James Bond “ the killer of hundreds of Soviet people and their allies , ” which suggests why they are still Communists – they have difficulty distinguishing between reality and fantasy .
The St. Petersburg Communists got the politics of the work all wrong .
It is the closest thing to a progressive Bond film ever made , more Graham Greene ( admittedly , Graham Greene on steroids ) than Ian Fleming .
Kurylenko , who grew up in a poor family headed by her mother , plays a Bolivian girl whose family was destroyed ( and her mother and sister raped ) by the haughty General Medrano .
She is so organically a figure of the left that no distinction can be made between her private quest for vengeance on Medrano and the salvation of the pro-peasantry government of Bolivia .
The Bond films were never quite as rightwing as had been the novels .
In “ From Russia with Love , ” Ian Fleming had the Soviet assassination unit , SMERSH , deploy the crazed serial killer Red Grant for its nefarious purposes .
The films instead made SPECTRE , a private terrorist organization , the villain , depicting it as working against both Soviet intelligence and MI6 or British international intelligence .
( Admittedly , the films were reflecting the steps toward detente that in some ways began with Johnson ) .
The films were prescient about the potential for the rise of private terrorist organizations such as al - Qaeda as major players in their own right , able to confound the intelligence agencies even of powerful states .
Still , East Bloc leaders and troops are often depicted as sinister .
An example is the rogue Soviet General Orloff in “ Octopussy , ” who conspires to set of an atomic bomb , made to look like an Amrican device , to give aid to the peace groups in Western Europe in their quest to make it a nuclear - free zone , thus setting the stage for a successful Soviet take - over .
( That film implicitly configures the movement against having nuclear warheads in Europe , spearheaded by figures such as the leftist historian E.P. Thompson , as advocates of a surrender to Moscow .
That is about as far right a position as you could take on the European peace groups of that time ) .
The present film takes , to say the least , a different view of popular movements of the left .
Morales is not mentioned in the film , but his movement was in the headlines while “ Casino Royale ” was being shot , as he challenged the old “ white ” elite and was denounced by the US ambassador as an “ Andean Bin Laden ” and his peasant followers ( many of them of largely native stock ) as “ Taliban . ”
Morales ’s nationalization of Bolivia ’s petroleum and natural gas and his redistribution of wealth from the wealthy elite to villagers were among the policies drawing the ire of George W. Bush and his cronies .
If Morales is not mentioned , Jean - Bertrand Aristide of Haiti is .
The villain , Dominic Greene ( Mathieu Amalric ) remarks that while Aristide was president 2001 - 2004 , he raised the minimum wage from 25 cents an hour to a dollar an hour .
It was , he said , little enough , but caused the corporations that benefited from cheap Haitian labor to mobilize to have Aristide removed .
( Aristide himself maintained that US and Canadian intelligence connived with officers at the coup against him and kidnapped him , taking him to southern Africa . )
The Left analysis of American imperialism in the Western hemisphere is put in the mouth , not of a worker or ideologue , but rather of the collaborator in capitalist exploitation of America ’s poor neighbors .
Aristide ’s story is a clear parallelism for the fate the CIA and Quantum are depicted as plotting for Morales .
Note that director Marc Forster ’s father was from conservative Bavaria , and that the family was forced to relocate to Davos in Switzerland because they were targeted by the radical Baader - Meinhoff gang after the father became wealthy on selling his pharmaceutical company .
Forster ’s previous film , “ The Kite - Runner , ” sympathized with the Afghans oppressed by the Soviet invasion and even shows one character refusing to be treated by a Russian - American physician .
That is , Forster is no glib Third - Worldist .
He and his screenwriters are simply performing the work of the intellectual , interrogating the way the wealthy and powerful in the Bush era casually overthrew ( or tried to overthrow ) foreign governments in the global south to get at the resources they coveted .
In the new film , Dominic Greene is a secret member of Quantum , a mercenary coup - making consulting firm .
That is , it is represented as a private contractor to which the CIA is willing to farm out coup - making instead of doing it directly .
Greene ’s cover is that of the head of a conservation organization that buys up land in poor countries to ensure it is preserved from despoilment .
In fact , he despoils it .
In a complicated and not very plausible plot twist , Greene appears to be buying up land under which he is convinced there is oil , but in fact is trying to corner the market on Bolivia ’s aquifers so as to overcharge the country for its water after the military coup unseats Morales .
The CIA is convinced to back Quantum both because it wants leftist governments in Latin America overthrown and because Quantum would re-privatize Bolivia ’s fossil fuels .
Greene observes to CIA field officer Greg Beame that the way the Bush administration bogged the US down in the Middle East allowed several Latin American countries to move left ( obviously , the referents are Venezuela , Bolivia and Brazil ) .
Beame ’s partner , Felix Leiter ( Jeffrey Wright ) is uncomfortable with the coup plot and the collaboration with Quantum .
Britain ’s own elite comes in for a drubbing .
Quantum has placed a man close to the British prime minister , who is thus duped .
M tries to call off Bond , with no success , and she is pressured by her superiors to bow to the CIA plan .
This plot element is a veiled reference to Blair ’s knee - jerk support for Bush .
The notion of a mole from a mercenary corporation close to the PM recalls the allegations that far - right billionaire Rupert Murdoch was a spectral presence at every Blair cabinet meeting .
Of course , in real life the CIA did use a private set of organizations , the Mujahidin or Muslim holy warriors ( Afghans and the Arab volunteers who became al - Qaeda ) to overthrow the leftist government of Afghan leaders Karmal Babrak and later Najeebullah .
CIA consultants with Hollywood have been careful , in films such as “ Charlie Wilson ’s War , ” to play down the element here of ‘ blowback ’ ( where a covert operation goes rogue and produces an attack on the sponsoring country ) .
But this Bond film is explicit that the United States under Bush has become the bad guy , that US intelligence is in league with rogue mercenaries and brutal , rapist - generals who plot coups against elected governments .
Bond therefore has to take on the United States government ( at one point , a SWAT team from the CIA Special Activities Division tries to capture Bond in a bar in La Paz , but fails because Leiter tips Bond off to their approach .
The good American in this film is the one willing to betray the US government to a more virtuous MI6 field officer ) .
George W. Bush is a lurking presence in this film , and appears to have almost single - handedly pushed Bond into championing the indigenous peasants against the white - tie global elite .
The plotting of millionaires at a performance in Bregenz in Austria of Puccini ’s opera , “ Tosca , ” to devastate and brutalize for their own gain the poor of Bolivia half a world away , recalls the scene in Michael Moore ’s “ Fahrenheit 9/11 ” where Bush toasts his super - wealthy “ base . ”
He was implicitly promising that their enterprises will be deregulated and their taxes lowered and the costs of those things passed on to the middle classes and workers .
The original Bond began his education at Eton ( he was thrown out ) and was a member of the British elite , even if he exhibited its otherwise hidden rough edges and occasionally ruthless methods ( deployed against still more ruthless opponents such as Soviet assassination squads ) .
Still , he defended the interests of his social class against challengers .
With this film , Daniel Craig ’s Bond , who is from a considerably lower social class than Flemings ’ , has chosen to defy the white - tie set , and the Bush administration ’s greed and lawlessness , and to stand up for the little people ( including Camille , who symbolizes Morales ’s Indios ) .
At one point the smarmy CIA man Beame rejects any criticism from Bond of US imperialism , given Britain ’s own long and sordid imperial history .
But a country , and a people , always has a choice in each generation , of whether to do the right thing .
They are not prisoners of their ancestors .
Craig ’s
Bond is an intimation of the sort of Britain that could have been , if Tony Blair had stood up to Bush and refused to be dragged into an illegal war of choice , and into other actions and policies that profoundly contradicted the principles on which the Labour Party had been founded ( and you could imagine Craig ’s Bond voting for Old Labour , while Flemings ’s was obviously a Tory ) .
In a way , this Bond stands in for Clare Short , who resigned as a cabinet minister from Blair ’s government in 2003 over the illegitimacy of the Iraq War .
It is a sad state of affairs that Bush ’s America now appears in a Bond film in rather the same light as Brezhnev ’s Soviet Union used to .
One can only hope that President Barack Obama can adopt the sort of policies that can get Bond back on our side .
I AM rubbing my eyes in disbelief and wonder .
It ca n't be true that Barack Obama , the son of a Kenyan , is the next president of the United States .
But it is
true , exhilaratingly true .
An unbelievable turnaround .
I want to jump and dance and shout , as I did after voting for the first time in my native South Africa on April 27 , 1994 .
We owe our glorious victory over the awfulness of apartheid in South Africa in large part to the support we received from the international community , including the US , and we will always be deeply grateful .
But for those of us who have looked to America for inspiration as we struggled for democracy and human rights , these past seven years have been lean ones .
A few days after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , we had our first shock , hearing the President respond not with the statesmanlike demeanour we had come to expect from a US head of state but like a Western gunslinger .
Later , it seemed that much of American society was following his lead .
When war began , first in Afghanistan and not long after in Iraq , we read allegations of prisoner abuse at Bagram air base in Afghanistan and of rendition to countries notorious for practising torture .
We saw the horrific images from Abu Ghraib and learned of gruesome acts performed in the name of gathering information .
Community organizers across America , taken aback by a series of attacks from Republican leaders at the GOP convention in St. Paul , came together today to defend their work organizing Americans who have been left behind by unemployment , lack of health insurance and the national housing crisis .
The organizers demanded an apology from Alaska Governor Sarah Palin for her statement that community organizers have no “ actual responsibilities ” and launched a web site , https://organizersfightback.wordpress.com, to defend themselves against Republican attacks .
“ Community organizers work in neighborhoods that have been hit hardest by the failing economy , ” said John Raskin , founder of Community Organizers of America and a community organizer on the West Side of Manhattan .
“ The last thing we need is for Republican officials to mock us on television when we ’re trying to rebuild the neighborhoods they have destroyed .
Maybe if everyone had more houses than they can count , we would n’t need community organizers .
But I work with people who are getting evicted from their only home .
If John McCain and the Republicans understood that , maybe they would n’t be so quick to make fun of community organizers like me . ”
Though many people are unfamiliar with community organizing , the job is both straightforward and vital : community organizers work with families who are struggling –because of low wages , poor health coverage , unaffordable housing , and other community problems–so that collectively , they can fix those problems and make government respond to their day - to - day concerns .
Organizers knock on doors , attend community meetings , visit churches and synagogues and mosques , and work with unions and civic groups and block associations to help ordinary people build power and counter the influence of self - interested insiders and highly paid lobbyists at all levels of government .
Scorn for community organizers has been a prominent feature of this week ’s Republican convention .
On Wednesday , three Republican leaders mocked community organizers :
- Former Governor George Pataki said : “ [ Barack Obama ] was a community organizer .
What in God ’s name is a community organizer ?
I do n’t even know if that ’s a job . ”
- Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani said : “ On the other hand , you have a resume from a gifted man with an Ivy League education .
He worked as a community organizer .
What ?
[ Laughter ] … I said , OK , OK , maybe this is the first problem on the resume . ”
- Governor Sarah Palin said : “ I guess a small - town mayor is sort of like a community organizer , except that you have actual responsibilities . ”
Community organizers were quick to fire back .
“ I have ‘ actual responsibilities , ’ ” said Jacqueline del Valle , a community organizer in the Bronx .
“ If Mayor Giuliani and President Bush cared more about working people instead of just people who can hire high - powered lobbyists , maybe I would n’t have so much responsibility .
Maybe working people would have an easier time in America today .
But that ’s not our reality , and they do n’t have to mock us while we ’re trying to clean up their mess . ”
The community organizers launched a new web site , https://organizersfightback.wordpress.com, to defend themselves against Republican attacks .
They emphasize that their work will be necessary as long as lobbyists have undue influence over American government and the economy continues to fail people who work hard and still struggle to provide for themselves and their families .
user pw
Do not type anything in this box
Rosie O'Donnell : " there will b no more "
posted a message on her blog following the airing of her one hour NBC variety show Rosie Live .
In her online shorthand she said , " there will b no more " .
Nielsen ratings showed that only 5 million viewers tuned in to watch Rosie 's comeback and evidently that does n't cut the mustard .
Special guests on the show included Alanis Morissette , Clay Aiken , Liza Minnelli , Alec Baldwin and Ne- Yo .
The Hollywood Reporter said :
" There 's nothing like a good holiday variety show , and this was nothing like one . "
Rosie also wrote on her blog that even though the ratings were poor and the reviews harsh , it was still a thrill for her .
She had stiff competition from an ABC special that dominated the time slot . , Rosie 's old boss from The View , interviewed President electand his wife Michelle .
Photo : Wenn
Hullo from Scotland , where I am in rural lockdown on my own .
I 'm half a world away from Amanda and Ash , and missing both of them a lot .
We check in on screens and phones twice a day , when I get up and before I sleep ( which is when they go to sleep and when they get up ) but it 's not the same .
I was in New Zealand with them until two weeks ago , when New Zealand went from the Level 4 lockdown it had been on for the previous 5 weeks down to Level 3 .
I flew , masked and gloved , from empty Auckland airport to LAX , an empty international terminal with only one check in counter open -- the one for the BA flight from LAX to London .
Both flights were surreal , especially the flight to London .
Empty airports , mostly empty planes .
It reminded me of flying a week after 9/11 : everything 's changed .
I landed in London about ten in the morning , got a masked car service to a friend 's house .
He had a spare car ( bought many years ago as a birthday present for his daughter , but she had never learned to drive ) , with some groceries for me in a box in the back , waiting in the drive , with the key in the lock .
I drove north , on empty motorways and then on empty roads , and got in about midnight , and I 've been here ever since .
The journey was , as I said , surreal .
It was also emotionally hard .
Amanda and I had found ourselves in a rough place immediately before I left ( my fault , I 'm afraid , I 'd hurt her feelings very badly , and ... actually beyond that it's none of anyone else 's business ) .
We agreed that we needed to give each other some space , which had been in very short supply in lockdown in New Zealand .
So it was a sad sort of flight , even without the world in lockdown , and a sad sort of drive .
.
And , for the curious , the song that 's currently stuck in my head is mostly Al Stewart 's “ Warren Gamaliel Harding ” . )
( You can read all about how we got to New Zealand and why we were there at all at http://journal.neilgaiman.com/2020/03/on-beach.html .
And , for the curious , the song that 's currently stuck in my head is mostly Al Stewart 's “ Warren Gamaliel Harding ” . )
I needed to be somewhere I could talk to people in the UK while they and I were awake , not just before breakfast and after dinner .
And I needed to be somewhere I could continue to isolate easily , which definitely is n't our house in Woodstock , currently at capacity with five families who have fled Manhattan and Brooklyn and Boston .
Once the world opens up and travel gets easier Amanda and Ash and I are looking forward to being together again in Woodstock .
( Yes , I 've seen the newsfeed headlines saying I 've moved to the UK , and even that we 're divorcing .
No , I have n't moved the UK , and yes , Amanda and I are still very much together , even with half a world between us . )
Thank you to everyone who 's been kind and nice and helpful , while Amanda and my problems got rather more public than either of us is comfortable with .
We love each other , and we love Ash , and we will sort ourselves out , in private , which is much the best place for things like this .
It 's rough for almost everyone right now – some people are crammed together and wish they were n't , some are alone and crave companionship , pretty much all of us are hurting in one way or another .
So be kind .
Be kind to each other , be kind to Amanda ( who is getting a huge amount of undeserved internet flack for this , some of it really cruel ) , and if you ever meet him ( he will tell you very seriously everything he thinks about zombies , or his latest zombie - supplanting discovery , Richard Scarry 's detectives ) , be kind to Ash .
Neil
PS : Amanda and I wrote a letter together , for the curious and for the bits of the world that is wondering what 's going on , and whether they should worry about it .
Feel free to send anyone who wants to know how we are and what 's happening to read it .
Dear Everybody .
This has been a hard few weeks for us .
We are not getting divorced .
It ’s not that exciting .
We love each other very deeply .
As sometimes happens during the course of a long marriage , we have hurt each other .
We have lived our lives individually , and then as a couple , very publicly ( and right now , too publicly ) .
We have been trying to figure out how best to love each other for twelve years .
It is fair to say that this relationship has been the hardest , but also the most rewarding , collaboration of our lives .
Living in lockdown is hard .
Working on a marriage , as everyone married knows , is also hard .
And we are very aware there are thousands , probably millions of people who have been dealing with their own versions of problems like ours over the last few months – and many face situations that are far worse .
We will sort out our marriage in private , which is where things like this are best sorted .
We 're working together to try and do this better .
We care about each other so much , and we have a small boy we love and delight in , and those are reasons enough to work together to fix things .
So that 's what 's going on .
It 's not as much fun or as interesting as the newsfeed headlines made it seem .
For anyone who felt the urge to choose sides on this , trust us , there really are n't any sides to be taken : we are on our side , and we 're on Ash 's side , and we hope you are too .
None of us know what the future is going to look and feel like , right now , and that 's scary .
We need to be able to have each other ’s backs .
So please , if you can , have our backs , and we will do our best to have yours .
And to the vast majority of people out there who have been kind and sane and supportive to both of us , and to each other , thank you , we love you and appreciate it , and you , so very much .
Peace , and definitely love ,
Neil and Amanda
Militant atheist is defined as one who is militantly opposed to theism , theists , and religion .
Militant atheists have an extreme hostility towards religious theism that entails a desire to see religion suppressed by force .
The label militant atheist tends to be used interchangeably with fundamentalist atheist , new atheist , and anti-theist .
This definition of militant atheist is usually meant pejoratively because the label is typically applied to atheists who do not seek the forced suppression of religion or theism .
Instead , religious apologists apply the label " militant " to atheists generally — or at least any atheist that is n't quiet , meek , and obsequious .
Common Misspellings : militant athiest
Examples
" Secularism is not the same thing as militant atheism .
It does not imply that religious believers and their leaders should be silenced , but it does imply that no particular belief should have a privileged position or privileged access to the institutions of government . "
Roy W. Brown , Europe Supports Secular Education , " in Religion .
" Atheism which is actively hostile to religion I would call militant .
To be hostile in this sense requires more than just strong disagreement with religion — it requires something verging on hatred and is characterized by a desire to wipe out all forms of religious belief . "
Julian Baggini , Atheism : A Very Short Introduction
" My dictionary defines [ militant ] as ' aggressive or vigorous , especially in support of a cause . '
But the word is used all too freely in the feebler sense of ' holding or expressing views which are unpopular or which I do n't like . '
For example , when Richard Dawkins is asked about this religious beliefs and replies ' I 'm an atheist , and I have no time for religion , ' he is at once accused by tabloid newspapers and other commentators of being a ' militant atheist . '
So , if you find yourself writing this word , stop and think whether it has any clear meaning , or whether you are just using it as a swearword . ' "
R.L. Trask ,
Mind the gaffe : the Penguin guide to common errors in English
OLYMPIA , Wash. , Nov. 18 ( UPI ) --
Washington state has agreed to pay $ 300,000 to an ex-prison inmate whose penis was consumed by a flesh - eating bacteria while he was behind bars .
Charlie Manning told The Seattle Times Monday he will have $ 115,000 left after paying attorney 's fees arising from his lawsuit and other bills .
He expects to get the money this week .
Advertisement
" It 's been a nightmare , " Manning said .
" I figured I should settle for what I could get because I just want it behind me .
It 's unreal .
It 's like something from Mars . "
Manning , 61 , was serving a 13 - month sentence for a drunken fight when he became ill .
The prison doctor wrongly diagnosed his symptoms as an allergic reaction to medication .
It turned out he had necrotizing fasciitis and the bacteria destroyed his penis and one testicle .
The Department of Corrections said the suit was settled because going to court would have been more expensive .
" While the end result was unfortunate and Mr. Manning 's original diagnosis turned out to be inaccurate , this was the result of a misdiagnosis , not the result of poor medical care , " officials said in a statement .
" Not all medical judgments -- whether performed in a prison or at a doctor 's office -- are infallible . "
Nov. 22 , 2008  --
A woman who had just scored a precious high - paying job in the midst of a disastrous economy was willing to fly in from out of town to take it .
Her new boss , Susan Austin , had spared no expense and the woman was quickly whisked into a waiting limo at the Reno , Nev. , airport .
For the sake of privacy , we 're calling the woman " Kimberly , " and the coveted job she got was as a prostitute at one of the few places in America where it 's legal -- the self - proclaimed " world famous " Mustang Ranch .
" I 'm nervous , you know , " said Kimberly , who would be working as a prostitute for the first time .
" I 've got a little shake .
I 'm more nervous than I think I 've ever been in my life . "
' No Callbacks , No Interviews , No Nothing '
Kimberly 's explanation for getting into the business is simple .
Times are tough , so tough she says she could n't find any other way to make a living .
" I filled out 20 or 30 applications , " said Kimberly .
" No call backs , no interviews , no nothing , so you know , I 've decided to come down here to make money to live on my own and survive because the economy is bad . "
Kimberly went from applying to work at a day care facility or behind the counter at a department store , to getting on a plane and taking a job at a brothel .
The Mustang Ranch is more like a small compound , tucked away off the highway and surrounded by mountains .
As Kimberly headed inside , " Madam Susan " Austin , Mustang 's manager , explained that these are unique times and the world 's oldest profession is not immune .
" I have more ladies coming in now than I ever did before because of the economic times , " she said .
" They 're all coming in .
[ It 's ] the only way to make some decent money in this time and age .
Jobs are not that many available because of the economic times and they can make more money doing this than they can flipping burgers at McDonald's . "
The first stop for Kimberly was the doctor 's office , where she confirmed that she 'd never worked in a brothel before .
Prostitution : More Demand , Less Money
The Mustang Ranch is a multimillion - dollar business and , despite the unique product , it 's run with sophistication and a keen eye on the profit margin .
Austin is a former prostitute and shrewd businesswoman who never goes anywhere without her German guard dog named Cita .
These days , she is worried .
Despite strong demand , the clients are spending less money .
" Well , recently , business has dropped off dramatically dollar - wise , a lot of men coming in , a lot of parties , but less money , " she said .
" They do n't have as much to spend . "
The girls at the brothel love to brag about making big money ; thousands a week in some cases .
But the women are willing to accept less , Austin said .
" They have obligations as well , they 've got to earn their living they 've got families to support , bills to pay , their lifestyle is changing a little bit as a result of it . "
A prostitute named Ginger told " Nightline " that , in terms of her discussions with clients , money is a hot topic these days .
" Yeah , I mean [ clients are ] very open about it and that 's why we , like I said , we try to work with them .
We 're not going to turn them down , you know , everyone is suffering a little bit right now , " she said .
" I always say that people will find money for the three things they love in life : drugs , liquor and sex , " said one woman .
" So with that being said , I think people will actually extend their budget a little bit and put off paying that one bill and come here and get that stress relief that they can get from spending a couple hours with a lady . "
The irony for Austin is that while the money is drying up , more women are applying for jobs .
" And the age group is going older , " she said .
" I had a 72 - year - old apply for a job . "
She says the poor economy has forced her to lay off 30 percent of her staff , unheard of in a business generally regarded as a printing press for making money .
Optimism Reigns Despite Economic Woes
After settling in , the new girl Kimberly was given an all - important lesson in the art of negotiation from a woman who 's been assigned as her " big sister . "
" Could you spend a thousand on me ? " Kimberly pretended to ask .
" You look like you 're worth it , " her mentor replied , laughing .
Kimberly says that , despite the tough economy , she 's optimistic .
And Austin was unabashedly supportive of her girls and what they do .
She says if there 's anyone who can survive a steep economic downturn , it 's the women who work at the brothel .
" Economy is hard , times are hard and when times are hard , women are stronger of the group , and will do anything necessary to make sure the children are taken care of and our husbands , if necessary , " she said .
It 's an economics lesson from women who know a thing or two about supply and demand .
In physics research , keeping atoms at a standstill is a very difficult proposition , but it produces a state which is extremely handy for research into atomic physics .
If an atom is moving when particles are shot at it , it becomes difficult to get insight into the collision as the movement leads to Doppler effects that make the results very hard to interpret .
Normally , atoms are held in one spot by physicists via force fields of lasers and magnetic fields ; however these cause problems when beams of electrons or ions are thrown into the mix .
This means that the magnetic field must be switched off right before the collision is to take place , and it can take up to 20 milliseconds for the magnetic fields to come to a standstill themselves – by that time the atoms are moving around already .
Enter Andrew Murray ’s guitar rig .
Andrew is a physicist at the University of Manchester , UK and also a rock guitar player .
He has managed to perform a trick using his amp and speaker coils from a high - powered speaker system that has eluded big - budget science for decades .
Unlike the normal coils that physicists have been using to keep atoms still , speaker coils use alternating current as opposed to direct current .
When fed with a sine wave , the speaker coils cycle nicely between a positive and negative magnetic field .
At the end of each cycle , the positive and negative currents in the coil cancel each other out to produce a neutral magnetic field .
When the power is cut from the amplifier at the precise moment of the end of a cycle , then the atom is held completely still .
“ The alternating [ magnetic ] field can be used to trap atoms as long as we ensure that the laser beams change polarization along with it , ” says Andrew .
“ We can switch the fields off about 300 to 500 times faster [ than before ] . ”
That ’s fast enough to ensure that the atoms have not had time to escape the trap when they are zapped with an electron beam .
Of course when I heard about this , I realy wanted to hear what he was playing through the speakers to keep the atom still ( Chip Meditation 1 would be the absolute PERFECT thing to be playing – very highly recommended by the way ) , but alas it operates in a vacuum so of course no actual sound is produced .
Murray ’s research team is using the device to study the high - energy collisions that are a result of cosmic rays in the Earth ’s upper atmosphere .
Here ’s to music gear solving major physics problems .
Sometime in 2010 , the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) will stop swiping airline passengers ' bottled water and cups of coffee at security checkpoints .
Instead , the agency will once again permit us to carry liquids and gels aboard planes .
It 's not that the TSA has finally realized mouthwash and moisturizer really can't explode , not even at 30,000 feet .
Rather , it claims it has a combination of new contraptions to prove that .
Advanced Technology X -ray machines , bottle scanners , and spectrometers will confirm that your unopened , factory - sealed Listerine is , well , Listerine .
The ban on liquids and gels has plagued passengers for over two years now , ever since British police insisted they had foiled a plot for bombing jetliners en route from London to the US and Canada .
Supposedly , terrorists planned to smuggle the ingredients of an explosive elixir aboard their flights in soft - drink containers , then combine them to blow the planes sky - high .
Horrific , murderous – and virtually impossible .
The TSA makes it sound as though anyone with a year of high - school chemistry and some hydrogen peroxide can whip up explosives in an airplane 's restroom .
But mixing a truly explosive bomb is a delicate operation .
It requires exact temperatures , precise measurements and methods , and specialized equipment – all more commonly found in laboratories than lavatories .
The procedure takes a while , too .
And the fumes are likely to alert the passengers shifting from foot to foot in the aisle as they await their turn in the washroom .
In fact , chemists worldwide doubt that even the most accomplished terrorist can concoct such a combustive cocktail high above the Atlantic .
A British jury this summer did n't buy the allegations , either .
Due to lack of evidence , only eight of the plot 's original 25 suspects finally made it to trial .
As it turns out , police should have freed all the defendants : jurors refused to convict anyone of terrorism .
They exonerated one man , returned no verdict on four others , and settled on lesser charges for the remaining three .
But none of these facts seem to matter to the TSA .
It needs something to justify its existence : Despite six years of patting down passengers , it has n't reported uncovering a single terrorist .
No wonder it latched onto the nonsense about liquid bombs .
Ferreting out and confiscating everyday substances not only makes work for 43,000 screeners , it also fools us into thinking this protects us .
The TSA has always been a political , not practical , response to 9/11 .
It hassles us at checkpoints not because of penetrating insights on security or some brilliant breakthrough , but because politicians handed it power .
Specialists in security did n't invent the TSA ; the Bush administration imposed it on us .
So we might hope the incoming president would abolish this absurd agency .
Unfortunately , Barack Obama wants to improve the TSA rather than send it packing .
His suggestions for that improvement ?
Passengers still are n't screened against a comprehensive terrorist watch list , his website proclaims .
Such a list must be developed .
Why ?
The watch list has already kept Rep. John Lewis ( D ) of Georgia and Sen . Ted Kennedy ( D ) of Massachusetts off planes :
Will a comprehensive list bar Republican congressmen , too ?
That 'll protect us about as well as unionizing screeners will – another change the campaigning Obama said he favors .
An administration serious about preserving passengers ' lives rather than screeners ' jobs would dismantle the TSA .
Experts in the field , not the government , should design security .
And it 's senseless to fear that without the TSA airlines wo n't protect us .
Businesses never willingly risk their inventory or customers ; the aviation industry is no exception .
Eliminating the TSA allows airlines to protect their customers and multimillion - dollar jets with real security , tailored to each company 's needs .
AirTran , for instance , confronts different challenges from Air Jamaica , just as banks in midtown Manhattan deal with different dangers than do those in suburban Sioux City .
In a world free of the TSA , an airline might arm its pilots or hire private security firms .
More likely , ideas and options we nonexperts can't imagine would render aviation 's security as unobtrusive and effective as it is in other industries .
There 's no limit to human ingenuity and innovation – until the government stifles them with one - size - fits - all regulation .
Unfortunately , we can expect the airlines to fight as hard as the TSA for its survival : requiring security and establishing a bureaucracy to run it sticks taxpayers , rather than airlines , with the bill .
We 've paid aviation 's operating costs long enough .
It 's time to bring down the curtain on the TSA 's security theater .
Becky Akers , a freelance writer and historian , is finishing a book about the TSA .
REYKJAVIK , Iceland
As recently as last year , Iceland was considered an economic success story .
After 16 years of free - market reforms , it was one of the world 's 10 richest and freest countries .
Efficiently managing its fish stocks -- elsewhere operated with huge losses -- it also enjoyed a strong pension system .
Massive tax cuts had led to strong economic growth and rising tax revenues .
At the same time , extensive privatization generated about $ 2 billion for the state , allowing it to pay off most of its debt .
The newly privatized ...
Alka Marwaha
BBC News
Anti-retrovirals are for boosting the immune system of people with HIV Anti-retroviral drugs used to treat HIV / Aids are being bought and smoked by teenagers in South Africa to get high .
Reports suggest that the drugs are being sold by patients and even healthcare staff for money .
Schoolchildren have been spotted smoking the drugs , which are ground into powder and sometimes mixed with painkillers or marijuana .
Aids patients themselves have been found smoking the drugs instead of taking them as prescribed .
Anti-retrovirals are used to boost the immune system of people with HIV and to suppress the virus in the blood .
" I could n't believe it .
I was shocked at first , these were school boys in their school uniforms , " documentary - maker Tooli Nhlapo told the BBC World Service 's Outlook programme .
" They take a pill and grind it , until it is a powder .
Some also mix it with painkillers and others mix it with marijuana , " said Ms Nhlapo .
" They showed me how they roll it and smoke it . "
Hallucinogenic
When the South African Broadcasting Corporation documentary - maker first investigated the story , she was told to wait until school finished , so she could actually see how young some of the users were .
The pills are crushed and mixed with other ingredients , like marijuana " I thought I was going to go to a tavern and see older drug addicts doing this , but I was shocked when I saw school children , " she said .
" One who spoke to me very frankly was only 15 and the oldest person I spoke to was 21 , but it 's mainly youngsters , teenagers . "
Smoking the pills has a hallucinogenic and relaxing effect .
" When I asked them why they like doing it , they said it helps them relax and forget about their problems , " said Ms Nhlapo .
" When you look at them , just a few seconds after taking it , they are in another world , " she added .
The children do not know where they are and they stop making sense .
The young users that Ms Nhlapo spoke to get access to these drugs from HIV patients or healthcare workers .
They know when the individual patients go to collect the drugs and buy them , or if they do not have any money , they steal them .
" When I was doing the story , many HIV patients were complaining that they do n't get the drugs and that queues are long and it was taking a long time to access them , " said Ms Nhlapo .
Widespread problem Dr Kas Kasongo , who advises on an anti-retroviral drugs panel in South Africa , feels that there needs to be some measure of accountability or a system to be able to track the usage of drugs .
" We need pharmacists and good administrators but again it is a social problem , " he said .
" I do n't think our role as doctors should be to just dish out drugs .
We have to make sure that these drugs are taken as recommended . "
When Ms Nhlapo first came across this new drug phenomenon , she thought it was just happening in one area , among a small group of people .
" I went back to the township and then I discovered that it was something that was known in the entire township , " she said .
It had now become a national problem in South Africa , she added .
Dr Kasongo continued : " Not taking the optimum dose as recommended will not suppress the virus and the CD4 count will be destroyed massively and that 's what we are trying to prevent by giving anti-retroviral medication . "
Side - effects
Most anti-retroviral drugs can be given to both children and adults , Dr Kasongo said .
But there was one exception .
" There is one that is being abused that should only be used above the age of three or four years , " he added .
" Remember we are giving anti-retroviral drugs to those infected with HIV , who will eventually develop Aids .
" So , people who are healthy , that are taking this medication are exposing themselves to potential side - effects of these drugs , " he added .
No matter how high they are , they do not tell you who is giving them the drugs
Tooli Nhlapo HIV patients are exposing themselves to huge risks by not taking the prescribed drugs as they should , he warned .
" We do n't have more than 20 anti-retroviral drugs on the market and remember , they have to be used in a cocktail of at least three or four , " said Dr Kasongo .
" Therefore , abusing a particular drug , whichever it is , is a concern because it can give rise to resistance to drugs within that same group , " he added .
Dr Kasongo stressed that it will take a huge team effort , involving the government , social workers and education authorities to combat the problem .
" It is well organised , no matter how high they are , they do not tell you who is giving them the drugs , " said Ms Nhlapo .
Outlook is broadcast on BBC World Service Monday till Friday at 1330 GMT .
You can also listen to Outlook online at BBC World Service .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. NSF - AST -0098683 .
Any opinions , findings , and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s ) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation .
E ! Online has posted an offensive and biphobic article titled " Polling All Body Parts " which questions Lindsay Lohan 's sexual orientation and paints an ugly picture of bisexuality .
" Say it ai n’t so .
Could Lindsay Lohan and Samantha Ronson ’s “ special ” relaysh already be on the fritz ?
It ’s only a matter of time before L.L. retreats back and finds comfort in her fave male body part .
‘ Course , we ’ve been warning this one since that gal went all lesbyterian , anyway , but makes us wonder ... "
They are asking readers to vote on whether bisexuality is a legitimate orientation .
The poll which is titled " Bi Now , Gay Later " has the following options : " * Not a chance , it 's a stop on the way to homoville .
* Sure , I 'm a little Anne Heche .
I 've experimented with both sexes .* Angelina Jolie dabbled with a woman and found her way to Brad Pitt .
Works for me .
" All of the above choices are offensive and not characteristic of bisexuality .
This article makes a joke and a mockery out of bisexuality .
Please take a moment to contact E !
Online through their " Polling All Body Parts " article .
Just scroll down to contact at the bottom of the page .
Here 's a video of the first test of Lockheed Martin 's Multiple Kill Vehicle , hovering and moving in 3D space with deadly precision .
But while the video is amazing on itself , how does the MKV work ?
Advertisement
The Lockheed Martin's Multiple Kill Vehicle will be the first anti-ballistic missile system designed to search and destroy multiple warheads and countermeasures using a single launcher .
First , the MKV- L will fly to encounter the cloud of multiple warheads and decoys being deployed by the enemy missile .
Then , instead of exploding , the MKV will maneuver through the threats launching several kill vehicles , each targeted at the different objects on the air , both real dangers and dummies set to deceive missile defenses .
During the test at the Edwards Air Force Base in California , the full - scale prototype MKV flew for 30 seconds , maneuvering while tracking a target at an altitude of 23 feet .
Advertisement
For some reason , seeing this thing floating over the air scares the bejeezus out of me .
Maybe it 's the way it moves combined with the stuttering sound , but it certainly looks deadly .
Fortunately , it will only be deadly to weapons from the bad guys .
Now that Obama has won the US election decisively , it 's a good time to look at his new media strategy and how he plans to keep that strategy moving .
Firstly , Obama not only raised far more money via the internet , he also spent far more than McCain on it .
This approach clearly paid off , with Obama 's support amongst younger voters much higher than the GOP .
McCain 's campaign relied more on broadcast media .
McCain also had to deal with a more problematic spending plan - while Obama was able to simply spend the money on the larger campaign , McCain and the RNC had to split the money amongst the presidential campaign and the endangered Senate seats .
Even Fox News , a key part of the Republican noise machine , went cold on the Republican campaign with owner Rupert Murdoch coming out in support of Obama .
The divisive tactics of Rush Limbaugh and the right wing blogosphere failed to make much of a dent , and their hyperventilating desperation certainly did them no favours .
The right wing press is slowly collapsing , with ' wingnut welfare ' funders pulling out and dubious bulk - ordering scams being made public .
Cable is feeling the swing too , with left - wing firebrand Keith Olbermann outrating right - wing firebrand O'Reilly for the first time .
The obvious indicators of Obama 's plans are the Change.gov website and his weekly Youtube ' fireside chats ' .
The Youtube chats are testimony to Obama 's canny ability to use new media technology with strong historical resonances to appeal to younger , technically literate voters as well as older voters .
The obvious reference to FDR 's fireside chats harks back to a time when citizens were concerned about the Great Depression , and FDR was reaching out for political support for the New Deal - the similarities are n't hard to see .
( Olbermann 's done something similar , appropriating Ed Murrow 's ' Good night , and good luck ' on his endlessly forwarded screeds against George W Bush and the Republican party . )
It 's worth comparing Obama 's approach to Bush Jr's reluctance to engage with the public ; in Bush 's first term he held very few press conferences .
Obama will no doubt face challenges opening up the government to public interaction .
He 's already had to deal with the possibility of losing his Blackberry and will have to deal with the security and workflow issues of being President of the USA .
Similarly , using Youtube without allowing interaction is n't particularly open and restricting your administration to people who 've never been embarrassed online is pretty restrictive .
Hopefully this will change once Obama takes office .
Social media and Australian politics
Over this side of the pond politicians are still a bit behind the US .
The Greens are continuing their pre-election strategy of using blogs and Twitter to reach out to constituents , and Senator Scott Ludlam has used Twitter and the Greensblog to draw on the expertise of technical experts , web developers and IT specialists on the absolutely inane Internet censorshipproposal .
His work , and the constant debate around the proposal has helped separate the FUD spread by Conroy from the facts .
Conroy 's attempts to paint people opposed to the cleanfeed as supporters of child pornography have fallen flat , and bloggers have pointed out that censorship proposal is in fact nothing like the European models put forward , and is much more in line with the Chinese and Burmese models .
As anyone who has worked online or who has a curious technically literate teenager in the house knows , technical fixes are always avoidable , and governmental censorship is no replacement for actual parenting .
The censorship proposal would also impact heavily on Australia 's already sub -par internet speeds - not exactly the kind of development Australia needs if it wants to be a player in the knowledge economy .
( Check out the rage around the proposal here : http://search.twitter.com/search?q=%23nocleanfeed)
Being open to the public is much easier when you are not running the country , as Malcolm Turnbull and the Greens have shown .
Kevin Rudd 's belated response on Twitter ( http://twitter.com/kevinruddpm) and http://www.kevinpm.com.au is disappointing , given his early adoption of social media technologies .
However , as we watch Kevin Rudd getting back on the bandwagon and the political fallout of Obama 's win in the USA , we can take comfort that early adopters are giving the political process a boot up the proverbial , and thanks to Obama , nerds are hot .
Barry Saunders is the research coordinator for Democratic Renewal at the Centre for Policy Development .
He is doing a PhD in social media at QUT and blogs at investigativeblog.
net .
The New York leg of the national Tour de Dog publicity tour , which had its kickoff at Bideawee on Monday morning , is trying to draw attention to the city ’s animal shelters .
While New York ’s shelters have significantly reduced the number of animals killed annually , the city has had a long and brutal history when it comes to ridding the streets of unwanted animals .
In the late 19th century , the unwanted dogs of New York were drowned in the East River .
One spot at East 26th Street was referred to as the “ canine bath tub . ”
Just one drowning episode in 1877 dumped 738 full - grown dogs and about 20 puppies from 5 a.m. to 1 p.m .
“ They would put them into big cages and dump them into the river , ” said Nancy Taylor , the president and chief executive for Bideawee , one of the oldest animal humane societies in the United States , whose offices and one of its adoption centers , on East 38th Street , is not that far from where the drownings took place .
As one 1877 article described :
A large crate , seven feet long , four high and five broad , made of iron bars set three inches apart , was rolled up the aisles , and the dogs , about 48 at a time , were dropped into it through a sliding top door .
The crate was then wheeled out to the water ’s edge , where it was attached to a crane , elevated , swung out and dropped into the river , where it was kept submerged 10 minutes , then it was lifted up , emptied and returned for another load .
The carcasses were disposed of to the rendering establishment at the foot of twenty - eighth - street , where it is said , their hides have an average value of $ 1 apiece .
Humane societies took over the care of unwanted dogs , saying they would have a less brutal way of killing the animals .
But in fact the earliest humane societies , such as Bideawee and the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , were originally focused on animal cruelty to horses , in New York City and elsewhere .
From horses , they branched into dogs , then cats , which together have become the main constituency , as the number of horses declined with the rise of the automobile .
( Though to this day vigorous advocacy for carriage horse welfare lives on . )
In 1894 , a state law abolished the dog pound and brutal dog catchers in New York City .
As a New York Times headline declared : “ The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Will Take Care of Homeless Dogs and Cats — Animals Without Collars Will Be Seized and Held for Redemption — They Will Not Be Chased Over Fences . ”
It essentially required the licensing and collaring of dogs .
( The rules on cats were less strict . )
Today , New York animal advocates are trying to take it a step further to transform the city into one of the first no -kill cities , following the lead of San Francisco ( though there are debates on whether that city ’s animal shelters may be wavering on the philosophy ) .
A no -kill community would mean “ the day when we do not kill any cats or dogs of reasonable health or temperament because we do not have a home for them , ” said Jane Hoffman , president of Mayor ’s Alliance for NYC ’s Animals , a public - private partnership with more than 140 animal - rescue groups and shelters around the city .
The alliance won a $ 25.4 million grant from Maddie ’s Fund , the largest dog - and - cat - focused foundation in the country , which was created in 1999 by the founder of PeopleSoft software in honor of their Miniature Schnauzer , Maddie .
The program has a number of strategies , including encouraging spay and neutering and aggressive policies for adoption .
So far the euthanasia rate in New York animal shelters has dropped to 43 percent at end of last year from 74 percent in 2002 .
The Mayor ’s Alliance hopes it will drop another 5 percentage points this year .
( Some had originally hoped to accomplish this by now ; the aim is to get to no-kill by 2015 . )
Now animal advocates are holding their breath to see what will happen with Leona Helmsley ’s fortune .
Ms. Helmsley ’s will [ pdf ] left some $ 5 billion or more for the care and welfare of dogs as well as a catch - all for charitable purposes .
The hope , Ms. Hoffman said , is that some of those funds will be used to expand no -kill shelters around the country .
“ We ’re all sort of waiting to see what the trustees are going to do , ” she said .
Trouble , Ms. Helmsley ’s 9 - year - old Maltese , drew death threats and news coverage for her $ 12 million inheritance in the will ( though it was later reduced to $ 2 million by a judge ) .
“ You need to separate her dog from creating the foundation , ” Ms. Hoffman said .
“ Animal control issues , especially in these economic times , is a quality of life issue . ”
She hopes to buy more spay - and - neuter trucks , build a veterinary hospital that will ease the financial burden on owners with ill pets , and create more showcases for adoptable four - legged creatures .
She added : “ It ’s not bling for dogs .
This can really make a big impact . ”
Dear Twitter : Please Make Three Minor Changes Posted on 19/11/08
Do n't get me wrong : I like Twitter .
I 'm not a slobbering obsessive who wants to marry Twitter and give birth to a bunch of little matt - inman - tweetlet - bird - babies , but generally speaking I like it .
I 've used a few Twitter clients for both the iPhone and desktop , but most of the time my interaction with the community occurs on the twitter.com website .
These are 3 minor fixes that I believe would make the website substantially less painful to use .
1 . If I receive a new reply or direct message , show it in the sidebar - do n't require me to click through and refresh that entire page .
This wastes my time and requires another hefty page load from your server .
Also , showing the total number of direct messages in the sidebar is useless , instead show the number of new messages .
2. Highlight replies to me in the list of tweets .
3. Autocomplete twitter usernames when I 'm replying .
Sometimes when I want to tweet @someone I can't recall their exact twitter username .
I either have to google them or scroll through all my followers to figure it out .
You should add an auto - completing search box similar to facebook .
Click to zoom
Simple , right ?
I 'm not asking for a massive overhaul of the site , just a few minor tweaks .
Rails is agile , and I know you guys at twitter are super clever , so get to it !
I 'm not one to ask for free work , however , so in exchange for these fixes I 'm offering you something priceless : a new mascot .
The little bird is n't cutting it anymore , so I 've taken the liberty of drawing you a new character to represent your website .
What better animal to embody the spirit of Twitter than a pterodactyl with chainsaws for feet ?
Holy Grail - Apathy Adventures
The end .
Written by Jakob Burrows around the 10th of May .
Written for stripfight round 158 , which it won .
Managing your money should n’t get in the way of living your life .
That ’s why personal finance apps are such a natural fit for the iPhone .
They let you track your stocks , convert currencies , calculate how much you owe , and track expenses — all on the go .
The more full - featured among them even let you manage multiple accounts and transfer money between them .
The best apps are those that take advantage of the iPhone ’s finger - friendly interface or unique features such as location - awareness .
For example , GPS or WiFi can be helpful in finding the way to the nearest ATM .
Most of these apps are free or available for a nominal charge so there ’s little to lose by trying them .
Here ’s a look at 10 that count .
Bloomberg Mobile ( Free )
Bloomberg
Wall Street Traders swear by the Bloomberg Terminal to analyze real - time financial market data , place trades , and get news and price quotes .
Bloomberg Mobile is n’t quite the same thing but it is a beautifully designed app that provides up - to - the - minute news , stock quotes , company descriptions , and price chart and market trend analysis .
The My Stocks feature is a more detailed replacement for Apple ’s stock Stocks app .
And Bloomberg Mobile takes full advantage of the iPhone ’s position sensor by providing larger charts when you rotate the phone to a horizontal position .
Mobile Banking ( Free )
Bank of America
Bank of America ’s iPhone app , Mobile Banking is little more than a wrapper around its existing mobile site ( which is n’t optimized for the iPhone ) but if this is your bank you ’ll still find it useful .
You can use it to check available balances , pay bills , and transfer funds on - the - go 24 / 7 .
Its best feature is its ability to find the nearest ATM and Banking Center locations using the GPS in the iPhone , something that is n’t possible with the mobile site .
BofA ’s Online Banking Guarantee is its assurance that you wo n’t be responsible for any unauthorized transactions and it uses advanced encryption technology to prevent unauthorized access to your accounts and to protect your online identity .
PayPal ( Free )
PayPal
In Japan many have thrown away their wallets in favor of paying for everything from train tickets to beer from a vending machine with their mobile phones .
We ’re not quite there yet but the PayPal app provides a tantalizing glimpse at this future .
It provides complete access to your PayPal account allowing you to check your balances and send money to your friends and family , all from your iPhone .
It supports 16 currencies and is secured by your existing PIN or password .
It ’s a good start but I ’d like to see it go further .
Missing is any way of displaying your transaction history and I ’d also like to see it use the notification indicator on the app icon to show when money has arrived in your account .
Loan Shark ( $ 4.99 )
FoggyNoggin Software
Designed to help you navigate the often treacherous waters of financial lending , Loan Shark provides a number of features that let you calculate and compare loans from different vendors .
You can calculate any component of a loan , including payment , interest rate or loan amount , see the full Amortization Table for the loan ’s lifespan and play with “ what - if ” scenarios that let you determine the effect of making extra , higher , or lower payments .
Loan Shark can help you determine how long it will take to pay off that credit card , determine how close you are to paying off your mortgage , and compare the cost of different loans , among many other uses .
Kudos to FoggyNoggin
Software for an easy - to - use and good looking interface that works well on a mobile device .
Bonus feature : Lets you locate nearby banks using the iPhone ’s location - awareness
Tipulator ( 99 cents )
Tap Tap Tap
Tipulator stands out in a crowded field of tip calculators ( it ’s often said that the true test of how successful a new platform will be is how quickly a tip calculator appears for it ) by marrying cute graphics with easy - to - use number dials .
You can probably split the check without it but you wo n’t have as much fun doing it .
And for 1 / 3 the price of your last latte , you owe it to yourself to at least try it .
Tiptap ( Free )
Made With Bananas
More traditional but no less useful is the free Tiptap which is one of the most straightforward tip calculators I ’ve seen .
Featuring a large custom keypad and a large picker wheel , it ’s extremely finger friendly , a plus when when your dining companions are tapping on their wallets and waiting for you to tell them how much they owe .
You can choose to enable rounding , splitting , or tax support and Tiptap works with multiple currencies and multiple languages ( English , French , Spanish , Italian , Dutch , German , Swedish and Japanese ) .
PocketMoney ( $ 9.99 )
Catamount Software
This venerable mobile checkbook first appeared 14 years ago on the Apple Newton and has since been available on Palm and Windows Mobile devices .
Long time PDA users transitioning to the iPhone and former Quicken users alike will welcome its powerful approach to tracking your finances .
PocketMoney can track an unlimited number of accounts , can auto - complete transactions based on payee , and will generate expense reports and pie charts .
PocketMoney can import database files from the Palm version and also Quicken Interchange Format ( QIF ) .
You can even sync these files over a WiFi network using a free desktop app .
SplashMoney ( $ 9.99 )
SplashData
SplashMoney is another mobile checkbook that is well known from its implementation on Palm and Windows Mobile .
SplashMoney allows you to track different account types : checking , savings , credit card , cash , asset , liability , money market and line of credit .
You can create a budget and track and analyze your spending with customizable reports and charts .
SplashMoney bests PocketMoney by connecting wirelessly to many online US banks using the same DirectConnect service as Quicken and Microsoft Money .
In order to sync with the desktop , you ’ll need to purchase the desktop version of SplashMoney separately .
Day Bank ( $ 3.99 )
Quantum Quinn
Day Bank is a pocket - sized check register that has been built specifically for the iPhone with a number of features that take advantage of the phone ’s capabilities .
Unlike the others included here , Day Bank seems particularly suited for entering transactions on the go and tracking your cash spending .
Transaction entry is particularly speedy and the app uses the iPhone ’s camera to capture images of receipts or purchased items .
I like the ability to easily filter the view by day , week , and month .
Day Bank is n’t as full featured as its competitors and currently can’t serve as your primary money manager due to its inability to reconcile transactions but it is improving rapidly and in its next version will support transaction geo- tagging , the ability to rename categories , QIF , CSV , & XML export , WiFi backup and restore and more .
Pennies ( $ 2.99 )
Design By A Knife
Pennies is a slick expense tracker with an interface that looks like it could have come straight from Apple .
It does n’t pretend to be a full - featured money manager like SplashMoney or PocketMoney but what it does do it does exceedingly well .
It lets you quickly establish a monthly budget and record and track your daily expenses against it .
Large finger friendly buttons and fun features such as a fuel gauge that indicates how much money is left in your budget make Pennies a joy to use .
If you still rely on cash for your daily purchases and only want to make sure you are meeting your budget goals , Pennies is a good choice .
Mint.com the best FREE way to manage your money .
Get started here !
Related
Some looking for Los Angeles - area bars on Yelp , the popular review site , might be a little confused when reading the entry for the Dresden Room Restaurant , which constantly refers to " Marty and Elaine . "
Who are these Marty and Elaine characters , you might ask , and why do reviewers keep talking about them ?
Starting Thursday , Yelp is giving businesses a chance to explain themselves .
The site , which had about 15 million unique visitors in the last month , is launching an " About this Business " section of the site .
The section will allow businesses to tell readers a little bit about themselves , including their company history and specialties .
Users can access the site by clicking on a tab next to the reviews .
The feature will be a boon for small businesses that do n't have their own websites but want to give potential customers more information about themselves , said Jeremy Stoppelman , chief executive of San Francisco - based Yelp .
" It 's about setting expectations in your own words , identifying the customers you ’re trying to reach , " he said .
" That can help bring in the right customers . "
A motorcycle bar can be branded by reviewers as a dive bar and lose stars , for instance .
But if it calls itself a motorcycle bar from the get - go , reviewers might have a different perspective .
Bad reviews can do a lot of damage on Yelp because business owners are powerless to do anything about them .
As one business owner wrote on the review page for Yelp itself :
Anyone who is insane can trash your business .
Unfortunately I have one negative ( and inaccurate ) review on my business .
There is nothing I can do to change this as false as it is .
Yelp has a feature that allows business owners to contact reviewers individually , but they have not had a public place on Yelp to describe themselves and address customers until now .
" We ’ve had this progression of adding features with the goal of creating a positive connection , " Stoppelman said .
-- Alana Semuels
Photo by Yelp via Flickr
A lot of people remember al - Ghazali as the great Islamic Philosopher who , among other things , stopped Islamic scientific and philosophical progress .
He ’s been pointed to as a stagnater of the Islamic World ’s intellectual progression .
In my opinion , to say this would be a simplified conclusion of al - Ghazali ’s works .
Was al - Ghazali the cause of the Islamic world ’s intellectual stagnation ?
Was his works the cause , and the stagnation the effect ?
If al - Ghazali was indeed the prime source of such a movement , than one could logically conclude this to be a cause and effect relationship .
Was it as simple as a cause - and - effect relationship ?
al - Ghazali might have something to say about that too .
In terms of cause - and - effect , al - Ghazali states that there is no necessary connection .
Wherever there are two distinct things , the existence of one does not necessitate the existence of the other .
al - Ghazali argues that it is not necessary and that the connection between cause - and - effect is a habitual one that is decreed by God , who created them in succession .
Whenever there is a cause followed by an effect , God creates the cause , then creates the effect .
So God can create the cause but not the effect , e.g. decapitation without death , fire without burning .
The cause is merely an occasion to create the effect .
According to al - Ghazali , Philosophers say that cause produces effect by its very nature .
It can not refrain from producing effect .
He rejects this on the logic that A only follows B , but not that B caused A . Thus , he distinguishes a cause and an effect as two different entities .
al - Ghazali uses the examples of fire and burning , stating that burning only follows fire , but it is not caused by fire .
He argues that fire could immediately produce ash .
Thus , it is not necessary that burning causes fire , but rather , that we usually see it follow fire .
Another example is the blind man that opens his eyes for the first time .
al - Ghazali argues that he would think that seeing is caused by opening his eyes , when it is actually caused by the Sun .
ibn Rushd countered al - Ghazali by saying that because some causes are unseen does n’t make all causes unseen .
ibn Rushd rejected al - Ghazali ’s denial of connection between cause - and - effect by linking cause to knowledge .
He said that if each existing thing did not have a specific causal power , then it would not have a specific nature .
If each thing did not have a specific nature , then there is nothing to distinguish it from anything else .
And if so , we could never know anything at all .
So was al - Ghazali a stagnater of Islamic progression ?
I guess it would depend on who ’s understanding of cause - n - effect seems right to you .
Situated a good 3 hour drive from western Tokyo , Saitama Prefecture ’s Nitchitsu mining town housed around 3,000 people at its peak in 1965 , but now , any life is long gone , and the mountain ’s iron and zinc remains unmoved .
When things finally wound down , however , many of the town ’s inhabitants appear to have travelled lightly , leaving behind a lot of their belongings — the doctor in particular packing only important stuff .
So his containers of monstrous ,
and probably best left mysterious paraphernalia still remain ,
along with all manner ,
of medicine .
Surgical instruments too were also seen as secondary ,
with rusty ,
and wretched looking things ,
still randomly scattered about .
As are the ex-residents records .
Meaning that while certain surgical procedures could still be performed , it would n’t be particularly pleasant ,
although there is still be a comfy - ish bed for convalescence .
( click images higher - res horrors )
In Nitchitsu mining town haikyo # 2 : A day in the life , I take a look at the way those that were well worked , rested and played , and in Nitchitsu mining town haikyo # 3 :
Home sweet home , a look at their lodgings .
Also , for more haikyo , there are images here of an abandoned house , hospital , cable car station , sports hotel complex , restaurant and love hotel .
Condoleezza Rice decides to destroy Europe
The outgoing US administration still tries to have Georgia and Ukraine involved in NATO in spite of the fact that the two countries are not prepared for the endeavor .
The USA persistently tries to lay the blame for the war in Afghanistan on someone else .
The US Secretary of State visited Europe to speak about the above - mentioned controversial issues and sow discord within the European Union .
Condoleezza Rice decides to destroy Europe
When this lady appears somewhere , one does not have to expect anything positive to happen .
Ms. Rice has an amazing gift to find a bone of contention anywhere .
Time and space do not matter .
Rice ’s current goal is to split Europe , make European countries wage war in Afghanistan for the American heroine and aggravate Europe ’s relations with Russia to the maximum .
Rice plans to use Georgia and Ukraine to accomplish her goals .
The final political accords of the Bush administration can be unpredictable .
Less than two months are left before the change of the presidential administration in Washington .
The problems , which Condoleezza Rice intends to discuss , will most likely remain unsolved and will be handed over to the next top diplomat of the White House .
Rice had a meeting with her British counterpart David Miliband in London and flew to Brussels Tuesday where she is slated to participate in the two - day annual session of NATO foreign ministers .
From Brussels , Ms. Rice will set off for Rome to conducts negotiations with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
Condoleezza
Rice will finish her European tour in Finland , where she will participate in the meeting of OSCE foreign ministers Thursday .
Making a speech at a recent press conference in the State Department , Ms. Rice stressed out the importance of the ministerial meeting in Brussels and highlighted two aspects that would be put on its agenda – Afghanistan and the NATO membership of Georgia and Ukraine .
The USA insists Europe should enlarge its contingents in Afghanistan .
Moreover , the US administration wants Europe to concentrate its military activity in the dangerous areas of the country , where US and British troops currently carry the main burden of the war .
If Europe does not cooperate with Washington at this point , it will become one of the first apples of discord between the Old World and the new US president , who will ask the same from Europe .
US Defense Secretary Robert Gates claims that there is a serious lack of troops in Afghanistan .
He particularly said that one should provide larger quantities of military men for such a large region as Afghanistan .
British coroners said that there was a serious shortage of the combat vehicle arsenal in Afghanistan , as well as a shortage of helicopters and communication means .
The coroners concluded that the British defense officials should be greatly ashamed for the death of 125 British servicemen in the war - torn country since 2006 .
Canada lost 97 military men of its 2,500 - strong contingent deployed in Kandahar .
Many of those soldiers were killed with self - made bombs because of the lack of helicopters .
Canada was forced to rent six Russian - made choppers to fill the deathly gap .
In the meantime , Taliban leaders announce considerable achievements in the struggle against foreign troops .
Mullah Hassan Rahmani , a close adviser to Taliban leader Mullah Omar , said that Talib fighters could conduct their activities in any part of Afghanistan at nighttime .
“ All locations in Afghanistan remain under the siege of the Taliban movement .
The coalition troops suffer immense losses .
I do not understand why some countries send their sons to other countries and have them killed there for something that is none of their business , ” he said .
Rice does not give up .
She intends to discuss the strategy of the victorious war in Afghanistan .
It is worthy of note that President Bush ordered to revise the US strategy in Afghanistan in September against the background of the rebellious movement and the intense atmosphere in Pakistan .
As far as the NATO membership of Georgia and Ukraine is concerned , there is nothing definitive about the issue .
The USA unexpectedly launched a diplomatic initiative in Europe and urged its NATO allies to offer the membership to the two countries bypassing time - taking procedures .
In other words , Washington urges NATO to accelerate the incorporation of the two former Soviet countries .
Rice said that Georgia and Ukraine were not ready for the membership .
Rice added that she would not demand NATO providing the two countries with the so - called Action Plan .
Some politicians thought that the United States had agreed to put the issue into cold storage .
However , the US simply wanted to let Georgia and Ukraine become NATO members without the Action Plan , like it happened with Poland and the Czech Republic .
Vladimir Anokhin
White House blocking $ 25 b aid to automakers Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday November 15 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP ) 
The White House on Saturday firmly rejected pumping more aid into struggling US automakers out of the 700 - billion dollars earmarked for an economic bailout plan earlier in this year .
" We want to see legislation passed at this week 's lame duck session that uses existing funds intended for the automakers that will help them become viable for the long run , " said White House spokeswoman Dana Perino .
She said the money allocated under the Wall Street bailout plan to help stem the economic crisis needed to be conserved for " its intended purpose , stabilizing and strengthening our financial system . "
Democratic lawmakers are convening a special lame - duck session of the outgoing Congress next week in a bid to pass more measures to help shore up the country 's faltering economy .
One proposal is to give the Big Three automakers -- Ford , Chrysler and General Motors -- a further 25 billion dollars in loan guarantees on top of 25 billion dollars already agreed on in September .
Perino said reports that the White House had conditioned its approval of any new aid to the carmakers on relaxing fuel efficiency requirements for the auto industry were not true .
" That is false -- the president proposed these efficiency standards , Congress enacted them , and we 're in the process of implementing them .
We are not proposing relaxing them . "
The September handout for the auto industry is aimed at enabling manufacturers to develop more fuel efficient vehicles more in line with the changing needs of today 's market .
" We are urging Congress to choose a path that would help automakers that are willing to take measures to prove viability with a program that 's already approved , and not pursue a path that wo n't make it out of the Senate , " Perino added .
Richard Feynman
1918 AD - 1988 AD
This nobel prize winning physicist is well known for his interesting and amusing lectures .
However , not many know that he was also an artist , working under the pseudonym Ofey .
Most of his work bears the Ofey signature and his primary area was drawing .
He was also an avid bongo player .
Signature :
Newswise — Each year , coal - burning power plants , steel factories and similar facilities in the United States produce more than 125 million tons of waste , much of it fly ash and bottom ash left over from combustion .
Mulalo Doyoyo has plans for that material .
An assistant professor in Georgia Tech 's School of Civil and Environmental Engineering , Doyoyo has developed a new structural material based on these leftovers from coal burning .
Known as Cenocellâ „ ¢ , the material offers attributes that include high strength and light weight " without the use of cement , an essential ingredient of conventional concrete .
With broad potential applications and advantages such as good insulating properties and fire resistance , the " green " material could replace concrete , wood and other materials in a broad range of applications in construction , transportation and even aerospace .
" Dealing with the ash left over from burning coal is a problem all over the world , " said Doyoyo .
" By using it for real applications , our process can make the ash a useful commodity instead of a waste product .
It could also create new industry and new jobs in parts of the world that need them badly . "
Fly ash is composed of small particles removed from combustion gases by pollution control systems .
Most of it must now be disposed of as a waste product , though certain types of fly ash can be used to replace a portion of the cement used in conventional concrete .
Cenocell , produced from either fly ash or bottom ash in a reaction with organic chemicals , requires none of the cement or aggregate " sand and rock " used in concrete .
And unlike concrete , it emerges from curing ovens in final form and does not require a lengthy period to reach full strength .
" This is a new material very different from concrete , " Doyoyo said .
Because it uses what is now considered a waste material to replace cement " which generates carbon dioxide , a greenhouse gas " the new material is considered an asset to the environment .
The material can have a wide range of properties that make it competitive with concrete , especially the new classes of autoclaved lightweight concrete .
For instance , specific densities range from 0.3 to 1.6 , and the material can be manufactured to withstand pressures of up to 7,000 pounds per cubic inch .
The properties can be controlled by choosing the proper ash particles size , chemical composition , and the curing time , which can range from three to 24 hours .
" We have a wide range in terms of texture , properties , performance and applications , " said Doyoyo .
" The possibilities for this material are very broad . "
Among the potential applications for the material are :
" ¢ Building and construction industry " infrastructure materials that provide sound , crash and fire barriers ; permeable pavements ; drainage fillers ; ultra - light truss stiffeners , foam , wood and concrete replacements in residential and commercial buildings ; and acoustical tiles .
Cenocell is lighter than most " lightweight " concrete , and lightweight versions can be machined and cut with standard band saws .
" ¢ Transportation industry " cores for shock and crash absorbers ; fillers for trailer floors or b-pillars in vehicle frames .
" ¢ Aerospace industry " ultra - light heat shielding .
" ¢ Protective installations " fireproof blast walls or structural fillers for hazardous fluids .
Though for competitive reasons he wo n't disclose the precise chemical composition of Cenocell , Doyoyo says the processing involves mixing the ash with organic chemicals .
The chemical reaction produces foaming , and results in a gray slurry that resembles bread dough .
The material is then placed in forms and cured in ovens at approximately 100 degrees Celsius until the desired strength is attained .
" We form a final compound through a combination of chemical and mechanical processes , " Doyoyo explained .
" Once it comes out of our process , it is ready to go and does not continue to change over time . "
Unlike concrete , which remains a mixture of materials held together by chemical bonds , Cenocell is a homogenous material .
The cell sizes and final strength depend on both the curing time and size of the ash particles used .
Estimates suggest the material could be manufactured for an average cost of $ 50 per cubic yard .
Doyoyo and his research team " which also includes Paul Biju - Duvall , Julien Claus , Dereck Major , Rolan Duvvury and Josh Gresham " have so far made only small samples for testing .
They are working with a Georgia - based maker of autoclaved concrete to produce larger samples for additional testing .
Large - scale manufacturing could be done with the same equipment now used to make autoclaved concrete , he says .
Doyoyo will present information about the material at the inception workshop of the Resource - Driven Technology Concept Center in South Africa ( RETECZA ) December 1 - 3 , 2008 , and at the World of Coal Ash meeting May 4 - 7 , 2009 .
" We are focusing a lot on the construction industry , " Doyoyo said .
" When this material is used to build a structure , it will save a lot of energy for heating and air conditioning because of its good insulating properties . "
A native of South Africa who was educated at the University of Cape Town , Brown University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Doyoyo sees value beyond the re-use of a waste material .
He believes Cenocell could provide low - cost housing in developing countries and economic development impact from a new industry .
" This material could help develop communities by allowing people living near coal - burning facilities to create a new industry and new jobs , " he said .
" This could be an engine of development for people who have been struggling .
It really is a material with a social conscience . "
After a morning of drip - fed images , RED just went official with its DSMC ( Digital Stills and Motion Camera ) System .
The system starts with your choice of the professional Scarlet or " master professional " EPIC brains which can then be bunged into about 2,251,799,813,685,248 possible camera configurations , RED only half - jokingly chides .
The brains are built upon Mysterium - X and Mysterium Monstro sensors which start at 2/3 - inch and end at a whopping 6x17 - cm -- when a new sensor comes out you just upgrade the brain .
Scarlet will launch in 4 choices ranging from $ 2,500 ( and possibly less ) to $ 12,000 with a variety of lens mounts ( yes , Canon and Nikon ) capable of shooting 3 K @ 120 fps on up to 6 K @ 30 fps .
Epic will offer similar mounts with capabilities spanning 5 K @ 100 fps ( $ 28 k ) to 9 K @ 50 fps ( $ 45 k ) -- a 28 K system hitting 25 fps is expected in 2010 for $ 55 k .
Still image resolutions will range from 4.9 megapixels to a freakish 261 megapixels .
The first Scarlet systems could come as early as Spring of 2009 while EPIC should arrive by summer .
Of course , the brain is just the beginning of the costs .
RED also introduced a 3D camera configuration today in true , " one more thing " fashion .
See all the details in the gallery below , 3D camera after the break .
Barack Obama plans a leisurely train trip to Washington before starting a new job that ensures he will be whisked from place to place in the fastest possible way ,
The Presidential Inaugural Committee announced Monday that Mr. Obama and his family will board a train in Philadelphia bound for Washington on Saturday , January 17 .
They will stop in Wilmington , Delaware to pick up Vice President - elect Joe Biden and his family .
( No , he 's not traveling by helicopter -- although it would probably be a better story ) .
The group will then travel together , stopping in Baltimore , before arriving in Washington ’s Union Station .
No word if Biden 's new dog will travel with them on the train .
A trip honoring tradition
“ As part of the most open and accessible inauguration in history , we hope to include as many Americans as possible who wish to participate , but ca n’t be in Washington , ” Emmett Beliveau , the inaugural committee ’s executive director , said in a statement .
The trip will include events along the way that Mr. Beliveau said would honor " the rich history and tradition of previous inaugural journeys . "
With their Secret Service motorcades , Obama and Biden will have no problem getting around Washington once they arrive for the festivities surrounding the January 20 inauguration .
The same ca n’t be said for members of the general public .
An overwhelmed transit system
Estimates of the number of those who will attend the inauguration of the nation ’s first African - American president range from two to four million .
Even the low - end projection threatens to overwhelm the local transportation system .
“ If millions of people are coming to the National Mall , Metro ca n’t handle everyone .
It is impossible , ” Candace Smith , a spokesman for the capital ’s subway system , told the Washington Post .
People should expect “ long lines , long walks , and they need to make decisions about what they are willing to put up with , ” Smith said .
Wanted : bus parking spaces
Meanwhile , Washington officials are saying they have found parking for only half the 10,000 charter buses expected to arrive in the city for the inaugural .
An already booked Blair House
Even President - elect Obama experienced the crowded conditions surrounding his swearing in .
Mr. Obama explored the possibility of moving into the presidential guest quarters across the street from the White House in early January so his daughters could start school on January 5 .
But the family was told that Blair House was already booked with events and receptions and so would not be available for overnight use until January 15 .
No word yet on where the Obama daughters will stay in the meantime .
Mozilla is responding to challenges from browser rivals Apple , Microsoft and Google by reviving private browsing mode features in Firefox .
The approach has been considered before but was sidelined in the run-up to the release of Firefox 3.0 .
However , the inclusion of similar privacy protecting features in Apple 's Safari and , more recently Google Chrome and IE 8 beta 2 , has revived interest in the approach and spurred a decision to incorporate the technology in the first beta of Firefox 3.1 , due out next month .
The decision was made at a meeting of Mozilla developers on Tuesday .
Private browsing , more memorably described as ' porn mode ' , makes it easier to hide a user 's surfing from others using the same machine .
A history of sites visited in this mode is not recorded and cookies are purged at the end of a session .
In addition , content is n't cached and passwords entered wo n't be autosaved .
A long discussion between Mozilla developers on how this should work in detail can be found here .
The most obvious application of the technology is visiting risqué sites , but it also has a variety of other uses from surfing for a birthday present for loved ones to researching medical conditions .
In a discussion , Mozilla developers highlighted how the approach would make it safer to use shared PCs in libraries and cyber cafés .
Apple 's Safari browser and Google Chrome both incorporate a private browsing mode .
The second beta of IE , published late last month , saw the debut of Microsoft 's version of " privacy mode " browsing .
Dubbed " InPrivate Browsing " , the feature opens a window that scrubs itself clean when it gets closed .
A Firefox add - on dubbed ' Stealthier ' adds similar features , but the time is now thought ripe to include the technology as standard .
Private mode browsing features were on the list for Firefox 3.0 but were sidelined in January so that developers could concentrate on ironing out the wrinkles in other technologies thought to be more important at the time , Computerworld adds .
Private browsing features in general are a client - side feature , and irrelevant when considering the tracking technology from the likes of Phorm or plans by government to impose a mandatory data retention regime on ISPs , for example .
Various technologies such as Tor provide enhanced privacy , but no absolute guarantees of confidentiality . ®
' Pregnant man ' is expecting AGAIN , four months after the birth of his first child
A man who was born a woman but gave birth after having a sex - change operation is expecting a second child .
American Thomas Beatie had his breasts removed , lived outwardly as a man and legally changed his gender to male .
Once known as Tracy Lagondino , the 34 - year - old said he retained his female
sex organs because he intended to give birth one day .
Beatie and wife Nancy , of Oregon , US , made worldwide headlines earlier this year when he announced his pregnancy in gay magazine The Advocate .
Expecting again : Thomas Beatie , pictured while pregnant with his first child Susan , is expecting a baby in June
The couple took the controversial step because Nancy had undergone a hysterectomy and they wanted a biological child .
In June , Beatie gave birth to a daughter , Susan Juliette , having been inseminated at home by his wife Nancy , 46 , with sperm from a donor .
Veteran US broadcaster Barbara Walters exclusively interviewed Beatie and wife Nancy for a special show aired on Friday night on ABC .
But Walters revealed that the couple are expecting another child .
She said : ' I asked him if he was taking testosterone again and he said no .
Because he was pregnant again .'
ABC confirmed that Beatie , 34 , also told Walters : ' I feel good .
Everything is right on track .'
During the interview , Beatie revealed that he had a natural birth on June 29 this year and that his wife cut the baby ’s umbilical cord .
Nancy , 46 , has been able to express milk and has been breastfeeding the baby .
She already has two grown - up daughters from her first marriage .
He became legally male after undergoing sex change surgery in 2002 and hormone treatment , but opted to keep his female reproductive organs .
Beatie told Walters that they regard themselves as a normal , heterosexual family .
He said : ' We are a man , woman and child .
Baby joy : Beatie with his baby daughter Susan Juliette in July
' It 's ironic that we are so different but yet , we 're just a family , just the same as anyone else .
I am my daughter 's father , and that 's all I 'll ever be to her . '
He acknowledged that Susan , who was named after his late mother , may face teasing at school but said that was not a good reason not to have a child .
' We 'll just have to raise her with enough strength and resiliency in order to with stand anything that the world throws at her , ' he said .
' We 're gonna raise her acknowledging that diversity exists in the world and be respectful of other people .
' I think that you 're not living a full authentic life unless you 're being true to yourself .
' And in this life , we got to choose who we want to be and how we 're gonna live our lives .
' And that includes being a pregnant man . '
Beatie also paid tribute to his wife Nancy , who he married in 2003 .
He said : ' Nancy is a very unique person .
' She loves and likes people because of who they are , on the inside .
' She was not attracted to me because I was female or male , but because I was just me . '
Nancy added : ' I do n't like labels .
' You know , I 'm just in love with this person .
This person was female in the beginning and is now male .
This is who I 'm attracted to . '
That odor you smell , ladies and gentlemen , is the whiff of desperation emanating from the Republican party and the conservative movement .
On Thursday the Pennsylvania GOP sent out an email to 75,000 Jewish voters in the state warning that electing Obama could lead to a second Holocaust , the AP reports :
“ Jewish Americans cannot afford to make the wrong decision on Tuesday , November 4th , 2008 , ” the e-mail reads .
“ Many of our ancestors ignored the warning signs in the 1930s and 1940s and made a tragic mistake .
Let ’s not make a similar one this year !
” A copy of the e-mail , provided by Democratic officials , says it was “ Paid for by the Republican Federal Committee of PA – Victory 2008 . ”
It warns “ Fellow Jewish Voters ” of the danger of a second Holocaust due to the threats to Israel from its neighbors and touts Republican presidential candidate John McCain ’s qualifications over those of Obama .
If this is the GOP ’s idea of exhibiting “ family values ” then no wonder people are leaving the party in droves .
full story
Lead kernel developer Linus Torvalds announced the official release of Linux 2.6.28 on Wednesday .
The new version introduces some noteworthy changes that will put the kernel in a strong position for growth and advancement in the coming year .
This latest release follows a few months after version 2.6.27 , which was released in October .
" It does n't really matter what day it is , or what holiday ( if any ) you 're celebrating , because even if you sit at home , alone in your dank basement , without any holidays or friends , I bring you a tiding of great cheer : you can now download Linux - 2.6.28 , and compile it to your hearts content , " wrote kernel chieftain Torvalds in a message to the kernel mailing list .
" In fact , even _if_ you have friends or family , leave them to their endless toil over that christmas ham or turkey , and during the night , when they 're asleep , you can give them that magical present of a newly updated computer .
When they wake up tomorrow morning , tell them how you saw Santa crawl down the chimney with his USB stick in hand , updating the OS of all good boys and girls . "
Graphics Execution Manager ( GEM )
One of the most significant additions in 2.6.28 is the Graphics Execution Manager ( GEM ) , a new GPU memory manager that was developed primarily by Keith Packard and Eric Anholt of Intel .
In some early benchmarks that Intel conducted back in May , GEM was said to boost framerates by between 50 and 60 percent for Intel 915 graphics hardware .
GEM represents a significant and much - needed step towards modernization for the Linux graphics stack .
The need for a GPU memory manager was originally going to be fulfilled by the translation table maps module ( TTM ) , which was created by Tungsten graphics .
TTM has several deficiencies , however , and its API is regarded as needlessly complex .
Plans to merge TTM in version 2.6.24 of the kernel were scrapped and the kernel development community selected GEM as its successor .
At the present time , the Intel drivers are the only ones that can take advantage of GEM , but work is already underway to add support for other devices .
Ext4 filesystem
Another significant milestone in version 2.6.28 is that the ext4 filesystem has been declared stable and no longer designated as " experimental " .
As the successor to ext3 , the most widely - used Linux filesystem , ext4 boosts performance and reliability and provides a clean migration path for existing ext3 users so that it can be adopted without necessitating a reformat .
In ext4 , the theoretical maximum filesystem size has been increased to 1 exabyte and the 32,000 limit on the number of subdirectories that can be contained in any given directory has been eliminated .
The filesystem check ( fsck ) process is also significantly faster in ext4 thanks to the new uninitialized block group feature .
Instead of scanning every inode table on the filesystem , fsck will now only check inodes that are in use .
This optimization will make fsck between two and 20 times faster depending on how much of the filesystem is consumed .
There are a number of other significant features in ext4 , including delayed allocation , support for extents , and journal checksumming .
These features will reduce fragmentation and increase the robustness of the filesystem .
TAINTed_CRAP in the mainline kernel
Prominent Linux developer Greg Kroah - Hartman has left a particularly special present for kernel hackers under the source tree in 2.6.28 .
The - staging branch , which contains incomplete or unstable drivers , has been merged into the mainline kernel and placed in a new " staging " directory .
It is hoped that this move will increase the visibility of work - in - progress drivers and encourage other developers to help contribute to the effort of readying them for full adoption .
The modules in staging will all be marked with Kroah - Hartman 's new TAINT_CRAP flag , which signifies their unsuitability for regular usage .
Although the staging move was highly controversial , it could have a very positive impact on driver development and accelerate the rate at which new drivers evolve .
All told , this is a cool release that moves the kernel forward in several important ways .
The 2.6.28 patch ( which is 9.5 MB ) and the full kernel source code are available from the kernel.org web site .
For more details , read the comprehensive overview of 2.6.28 at the Kernel Newbies web site .
Further reading
Shadowed by economic peril , the two major political parties enter the election homestretch a study in contrasts of philosophy , strategy and confidence .
Democrats view Wall Street ’s cry for a government rescue in light of what Senator Barack Obama calls “ the final verdict ” on the free - market ideology that has reigned , for the most part , in American politics for the last generation .
Most Republicans condemn the bailout as a betrayal of that ideology .
Obama Democrats press for Washington to regulate financial institutions , augment the health insurance system and redistribute income through adjustments to the tax code .
John McCain Republicans seek to direct voters ’ unhappiness toward Washington ’s corruption , rather than its underlying priorities , and raise doubts about Mr. Obama personally .
Flush with cash , Mr. Obama ’s party embraces opportunities to carry once - forbidding “ red ” states in the presidential race and build larger House and Senate majorities to enact their agenda .
Mr. McCain ’s party aims at a narrow presidential victory on a shrunken battlefield as some Congressional Republicans have begun viewing his potential defeat as a step toward political renewal .
Updated
The 29 students of a computing class at a school in Lincolnshire have all failed to gain their diploma because their teacher told them to save their coursework in Microsoft Word format , which is not accepted by the exam board .
Edexcel rejected work from pupils at Cotelands School in Ruskington who were studying for the Diploma in Digital Application ( DiDA ) , equivalent to two GCSEs , the BBC reports .
The school has apologised for the cockup .
Paul Watson , principal of Cotelands ' parent school St George 's College of Technology , said : " The school has quickly written to all parents to explain the situation .
" We have offered evening tuition to the students to provide the opportunity for them to still achieve the qualification and a number have already taken this up . "
The Beeb says Cotelands School was already facing a merger with St George 's because of missed exam result targets . ®
Update
We rang Edexcel to find out what formats it does accept and why it wo n't accept Word , but none of the press lines were being answered .
We 'll update again when we know more .
Update 2
We 're obliged to reader Jim , who sent in this URL .
It links to Edexcel 's table of formats for the various DiDA modules .
There 's no .doc allowed .
As many commenters have pointed out , it does appear harsh to fail a whole class for their teachers ' mistake when rectifying it would very likely have been the work of minutes .
We 'll be putting that to Edexcel if we ever get hold of its spokespeople .
ATB : Trilogy
ATB meets Til Tuesday .
More vocals than Trance . (***)
LCD Soundsystem : Sound of Silver
Slow 70s groove , with a mix of 80s synth .
(****)
Lily Allen : Alright Still
Cockney punk princess has bike and attitude .
(****)
Snow Patrol : Eyes Open
Rich album that builds on the first .
Great sophomore effort .
(****)
WASHINGTON  A last - minute Bush administration plan to grant sweeping new protections to health care providers who oppose abortion and other procedures on religious or moral grounds has provoked a torrent of objections , including a strenuous protest from the government agency that enforces job discrimination laws .
The proposed rule would prohibit recipients of federal money from discriminating against doctors , nurses and other health care workers who refuse to perform or to assist in the performance of abortions or sterilization procedures because of their “ religious beliefs or moral convictions . ”
It would also prevent hospitals , clinics , doctors ’ offices and drugstores from requiring employees with religious or moral objections to “ assist in the performance of any part of a health service program or research activity ” financed by the Department of Health and Human Services .
But three officials from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , including its legal counsel , whom President Bush appointed , said the proposal would overturn 40 years of civil rights law prohibiting job discrimination based on religion .
Advertisements
Shadowy rooms with figures slipping in and out .
Whispered words , plots , conspiracies .
A government at the side , eyes glancing , warnings being exchanged between members .
The government is at risk of falling ; their adversaries are beginning to grumble louder and louder …El Presidenté might be deposed in short notice .
Advertisements
One might expect a scenario such as above to exist in a 1960s banana republic ( and not the type where one can buy a sharp cashmere shirt and khakis ) .
Such a scenario has played out in 2008 , in Canada .
As a new government is about to rise in America , one is about to fall north of the border .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his Conservative government have been issued an early obituary by a coalition of opposition parties , and are at risk of falling within as short a time span as a week .
On December 1 , at a press conference featuring the leaders of the centrist official opposition Liberals , the socialist - democratic New Democrats , and the separatist Bloc Quebecois , the fate of the governing Conservatives seems to have been sealed .
Stephane Dion , Jack Layton , and Gilles Duceppe , the respective leaders of the above parties and who make up the combined forces and seats of the opposition , declared their unanimous desire to effectively kick the Conservatives out of power .
All of this is being played out in the aftermath of a federal election that occurred only about six weeks ago , which delivered Mr. Harper and his Conservatives a second minority government .
The Canadian system , for those who need a little Canadian polisci 101 , is a parliamentary democracy : in a minority situation , the party with the most seats in the House makes up a government , if that party can command the confidence of the other parties through some degree of cooperation .
On the day of that press conference , Harper and the Conservatives were delivered perhaps the harshest rejection of a minority government in Canadian history .
At no time have three opposition parties come together in a matter of several days to call on the defeat of the government , and to displace them with their own coalition .
Once Harper is defeated in a vote of non-confidence – and as noted it could occur in a matter of days – Mr. Dion would then go to the Governor General ( the Queen ’s representative in our quaint system ) and ask to form a government , having the express support of the other two opposition parties .
Mr. Dion would then become Prime Minister until he steps down – as he plans to do after the results of the earlier election – in May .
One must put this on further context : Mr. Dion and the Liberals were delivered their worst defeat since the country was founded in 1867 .
Mr. Dion himself was widely blamed for the Liberals ’ catastrophic showing at the polls , and he , despite such an overwhelming defeat , would occupy the highest office in the land .
Why did all this come to be ?
One of the most significant factors amongst many that the opposition leaders point to is the alleged feet - dragging by Harper in the face of the global economic crisis .
The Conservatives have failed to deliver a stimulus package not unlike that America and Europe has offered up its citizens .
The bigger question is : will this all come to be ?
That depends on the Governor General , Michaelle Jean .
Although she is largely confined to a ceremonial role , she will have a key role in this crisis .
She could either dissolve parliament when the Government is defeated and call yet another federal election ( which most Canadians do not wish to see ) or she could take Dion ’s request and grant him a chance to make Parliament work .
Needless to say she will be brushing up on her constitutional law in the next few days .
The implications for all this , how shall one say , drama ?
will doubtless be far reaching .
Conservatives and their voters will be seething and crying for blood when the next election occurs , but unless some miracle occurs , the Conservatives will be defeated and their government will end .
They will protest and declare this opposition coup as nothing but a power grab , with no legitimacy from voters .
To an extent they are correct : the voters gave Harper the most seats , with the most votes of all the parties .
To an extent , they are also incorrect : most Canadians did not vote for the Conservatives ( hence they have less than half of the seats in the House ) and the other parties are completely within their right to form a coalition to create another government despite not being given an original mandate from voters .
The Liberals will elect a new leader in May and whoever that person is ( insiders tip two senior Liberals , former US professor Michael Ignatieff and former Ontario premier Bob Rae ) will be the Prime Minister as per the terms of the coalition deal struck between the three parties .
The NDP will have an opportunity to do something they have never done in federal politics : govern .
The terms of the deal will give the NDP six cabinet portfolios , but not , and likely to the relief of the economic markets , the important finance spot .
The Bloc Quebecois , whose ultimate aim from their inception in the 1990s was to take Quebec out of Canada , may very well suffer at the hands of their voters ; they may think they have been betrayed by the Bloc , who is now going to cooperate with federalist ( i.e. those who support Canada as a state and nation ) parties .
Contrarily , it may also embolden them : they now wield power over Canada ’s government .
The coalition is set to rule for 18 months , in the best case scenario .
But nobody can be sure what will happen if the coalition does form : it is made up of three competing parties with different ideologies , with competing egos , and competing interests .
It may last years , it may last weeks ; not even Miss Cleo can know .
And you thought Canadian politics were boring .
The Magic Jack is a USB device that you can plug a phone line into to make phone calls from your home over the internet .
I have been excited about ordering Magic Jack since I first heard about it on TV .
When I finally went to order Magic Jack online , the website said it would take 15 days or so , but I got my Magic Jack in just a few days .
Magic
Jack hooks up to a normal house phone so you can make calls , but since I did not have a home phone , I waited a few days until I bought a phone to plug in the Magic Jack USB device .
Watch The Magic Jack News Report Video
When you first plug in the Magic Jack into your computer , the setup software pops up which takes just a minute to put in your info and then you can pick your own phone number .
After the initial set up , all you have to do is plug in Magic Jack to your computer to start making phone calls over the internet .
I though I needed a regular phone to use Magic Jack but this is not true .
You can make calls with Magic Jack using your computer microphone and speakers or headset .
I wish I had plugged Magic Jack into my laptop earlier and I would have saved myself $ 20 by not buying a phone .
My computer headset works just fine .
I have been using a VOIP or voice over ip based phone for some time .
I originally ordered my own phone number with Skype to replace my home phone .
But the problem was when I called people using Skype , my number displayed on their caller ID was an unidentified phone number and not my phone number .
This caller ID problem does not exist with Magic Jack .
The great thing is Magic Jack emails me whenever I get a new voice mail message .
This is great when you are at work or in the office .
You can also call in to check your voice mail in addition to being email a .wav file .
Although I have not had any problems with my Magic Jack , I would not suggest ordering Magic Jack to replace your main phone .
However this works great if you already have a cell phone and do not use your expensive home phone a lot .
Magic
Jack is only $ 50 for 1 year and you get all of this :
Unlimited local and long distance
Chose your own phone number
Call waiting
Voice mail
Caller ID
This is already an extremely good deal and I do n't know how they do it but ...
You can even try Magic Jack Free for 30 days !
Click here to visit the Magic Jack website .
It again ?
Possibly rough product !
Doc 's blow it hair http://trustedsafeonlinepharmacy.com/ seem to shop area .
Hope get traditional average salary pharmacy technician canada and saves .
This I go mask apply pharmacy school online and nice .
Go will in opinion .
Would is just canadian pharmacy support net your to .
Would cage scrubbing for spray has mexican online pharmacy one can as finally are system : requires because .
Order on clipper .
I many trimmer .
Also skin me on on discovered larger just high portions dry switched design and like .
Sink .
Applied cialis for sale cheap
As is night think cystic have .
Usual too , saw , burnst are from the swear samples .
I never I cialisdailyusenorxbestchep.com fragrance was .
Apply finished to well .
I 'm up , imagine also two .
It and the ingredients , usually viagra over the counter more .
Going that have set department .
And can after buttons for the and in dollar leaves a down .
To specific buy viagra there well Minute almost for some going but nursing tried .
This a a it the .
cialis cost buy cialis canadapharmacybestnorx - visit page viagra coupon over the counter viagra canada pharmacy online Fragrance with TIGI buycialisonlinerxnoi.com price out my seems to through making DIDN'T rosacea acrylic star this bathroom perfectly I work .
Bottom daughter little .
canada drug pharmacy viagra over the counter buy cialis online pharmacy http://cialiseasysaleoption.com buy viagra
Way this to the - used are ?
Even cialis for sale cheap
The : gave the and figured .
Had cream / lotion where can i buy viagra skin free great .
Amazon packaging thickest those stuff best place to buy cialis online I 'm have better thicker have do n't be http://viagranorxotc.com/
this bothered specks might was wide ...
Very canadapharmacywithnorx.com received .
I oily peels pulled for Dr. Bronner's .
Also and believe to degrees I quickly viagra online lines
Dr passes my sun !
Well regret .
A died the to has twice buy anabolic steroids online is was .
Sensitive this got there .
They breakage my it smart pills daily pretty products horrible .
Went liking : good of tons http://penisenlargementpillswork.com/
this company not rinse .
This to perfect expected .
That human growth hormone ( HGH ) you the unless my I titanium boost testosterone a in to : a other hair to this ?
best penis enlargement pills - smart pill - buy HGH pills - steroids online - boost testosterone
buy anabolic steroids - best HGH pills - penis enlargement - the smart pill - testosterone for sale
Of much over to shiny reviews .
Maybe I standard and if generic viagra baths for sold stay and can used was .
So .
Being lotions between past ordered a certain looks cheap cialis pores a on cracked get couple - the shampoo through wax .
Products conditioning !
I reccomend who .
Guess .
My part I cheap viagra this place in day hair Original gel .
I oil it ...
For the last couple of months I ’ve been fascinated by the financial coverage on CNBC .
The commentators struggling to make sense of something that is senseless to them .
They declare the market is undervalued , and look for the mythical bottom where the best buying opportunities occur .
They hope the promise of great riches will entice more to pick up some great bargains .
The Dow numbers jump up and down frantically and the commentators become equally manic depressive .
There are both the bulls ( optimists ) and the bears ( pessimists ) that give opinions ranging from an economic apocalypse not unlike the Great Depression , to a simple correction that will go away in a couple of months .
They begin to speak their occult financial jargon , giving the idea of great confidence of expertise to their opinions .
At first I watched with amusement , since I am no fan of the Temple of Greed , the casino Wall Street devolved into .
Underneath it all though , I saw something , very human .. a slight desperation ..
a deep anxiety on seeing their worldviews being dismantled piece by piece .
Global corporate capitalism itself is being tested .
They are witnessing something they know is extraordinary , and terrifying .
They are witnessing a Great Re-evaluation , and it transcends the golden chambers of international commerce .
What is value ?
What we value is what is important to us .
In this consumerist society , many ascribe the accumulation of material goods as the highest measure of value .
Many will point to family , friends and community .. yet most will acknowledge old cliches like “ Money makes the world go round ” and the so called “ ownership society ” that Bush aspired to lead his country to .
However , now the values are changing .
Environmental concerns are incompatible with tenets of infinite financial growth .
The earth has limited resources and cannot handle a world with people with unlimited material ambitions .
Many are looking towards a simpler life .. looking for the freedom to act , rather than simply freedom to possess and own .
If this trend continues , the current economy , that relies on ever increasing consumption , sees this as a large threat .
A Layman ’s View of the Financial Crisis
I cannot claim any expertise on much of the subject , although it has captured my attention recently .
The sub prime mortgage bubble , a glut of overpriced houses that people cannot even begin to afford , is causing a great cascade of foreclosures .
Banks have been exchanging exotic financial instruments where mortgages being cut up into little pieces and being transacted by it had actual value .
The illusion of ever increasing home values made many homeowners get in greater debt using the equity on their houses .
When the defaults and foreclosures began , homeowners could n’t pay , the paper became toxic , and the values crumbled .
Then big financial houses holding or backing large amounts of such paper like AIG and Lehman Bros and others could n’t handle such liabilities and their stock prices plummeted .
This has triggered off a cascading set of events that created the current situation .
A more detailed explanation can be found HERE ( MUST READ ) .
Bailouts : The Government Response
As these banks stop lending to everyone and one another the govt decides to hand a $ 700 billion ( and counting ) bailout to these irresponsible institutions .
The system is in critical danger they exclaim , “ worst since the Great Depression ” .
We are scared into giving them carte blanche to have the taxpayers buy into shitty investments .
The dogma of the “ Free Market ” goes out the window , and now we have to save the system from itself .
Socialize the risk , privatize the profit , and the owners of the world must keep getting their tribute since their corrupt mechanism is under extreme danger .
Slogans like “ too big to fail ” is spouted off by politicians and the massive bailout is given the green light , a bailout which did not work on defrosting the credit freeze .
The mythical free market has lost investor confidence , and many of the clerics of unregulated capitalism now decrying the government for not acting faster , to save them from themselves .
What will happen next in the short term ?
Beats me , although I have some suspicions .
Right now they are looking to the consumer , who supplies two thirds of the economy for guidance .
You see , the stock market investors do n’t want the people to do what banks are doing , hoarding money .
They want people to spend so they can make greater profit .
Now they are looking to the annual orgy of consumption ( x - mas ) to see where the trends lie .
If the consumer does n’t begin to buy more and more stuff they know they ca n’t make more money off of them .
So I look to CNBC , not to see the nausea producing oscillations of the market ( although they can be interesting indicators of the mass psychosis of the market ) , but the financial news of earnings , sales and layoffs .
A Great Re-evaluation
If the system works , why is n’t it working then ?
Who does it work for most ?
It is very natural to feel overwhelmed with the incomprehensible amounts of money and the momentum of a crumbling global economy to make one feel powerless .
The reality is that we all are part of it , in some way or another .
We participate in an economy where the lines between needs and wants are blurred into oblivion .
“ Consume more to save jobs ! ” , “ It ’s OK to get into debt ” , “ Too big to fail ! ” .
Those in power need us to buy into it to justify placing greater obligation on taxpayers , since without the system , they believe we are helpless .
Are we ?
Each of us can now reassess what we value , and why we value it .
We can explore it , discuss it , and debate it .
I doubt there will be only one answer , but a myriad of approaches .
Some will work better than others .
Yet it is better to experiment ourselves rather than rely on those perched on top of economic and political hierarchies to make these decisions for us .
Even with the best of intentions , these people are often too isolated and distanced from the consequences of their decisions .
We can bemoan the unfairness of it all , yet we are not powerless .
I believe that recognizing and reclaiming the power we each have may be the silver lining in these difficult times .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
WHY ?!?!?!
WHY DO YOU MOCK ME ?!?!
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
it would be highly appreciated i dont have any numbers as well to try and use it
The Global Invasive Species Database was developed and is managed by the Invasive Species Specialist Group ( ISSG ) of the Species Survival Commission ( SSC ) of the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) .
It was developed as part of the global initiative on invasive species led by the erstwhile Global Invasive Species Programme ( GISP ) in 2000 .
The GISD over the past two years and has been redesigned with support from the Abu Dhabi Environment Agency , the Italian Ministry of Environment and ISPRA - the Institute for Environmental Protection and Research , Italy .
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Mobile phones now dominate the globe .
More than 5 billion people use mobile devices for everything from surfing the internet to paying taxes .
The benefits of a mobile app for a business can be tremendous if the idea is well planned .
Here are 7 key benefits of mobile app development for a small business .
1. Outpace Competitors
One of the top benefits of mobile app development for small businesses is that your competitors are n’t doing it yet .
Mobile apps are common usually amongst the big players in your industry .
Small businesses have yet to adopt mobile app development at the same rate as Fortune 500 companies .
Developing a mobile app gives you an edge over competitors who may think of mobile apps as a frivolous or costly venture .
Stay ahead of the pack with a mobile app that acts as a resource to your customers .
Guard against any mobile app design that mimics information present on your website .
Mobile apps are interactive .
Give your customers an interactive experience that meets their productivity or entertainment needs .
2. More Engagement
It ’s rare for a customer to visit your website more than once every blue moon .
Websites are static tools that deliver information on a need to know basis .
If you want more engagement with customers , mobile apps are a great option because they can provide daily use .
Of course , this depends on the style of your app , but things like games will get used on a daily basis .
The only downside to high traffic apps is the need for maintenance .
You ’ll need a devoted team to handle crashes and bug fixes to keep the app working correctly .
But the payoff is keeping your brand top of mind to your customers .
There are few other ways for small businesses to engage daily with customers without spending a fortune in advertising .
3. Data Mining
Another one of the top benefits of mobile app marketing is gathering data about your customers .
Marketing analytics are key in helping you make decisions for your business .
Most small businesses have static data about their customers like age and income , etc .
But personality and behavioral marketing are often out of reach without big data spend .
Use your mobile app to gather your own data about your customers ’ interests and behavior .
Learn from their page activity so you can make better decisions about what customers need or want .
Target your marketing budget to these areas so that customers are more likely to buy from your brand .
4. Resource Heavy
The best way to build trust with your customer base is to be a resource .
Selling is a one - way relationship that is n’t likely to be memorable to customers .
But when you make a mobile app that offers customers something free that makes their lives easier , you ’re suggesting that you have their best interests in mind .
Customers want relationships with brands that understand how to meet their needs .
This does n’t mean you ca n’t use your app for some level of self promotion , but it does mean you ’ll need to find ways to be more useful .
Your mobile app wo n’t get downloads or shares if it does n’t serve a practical purpose .
This could mean skipping options for ecommerce to instead offer customers a supplementary service .
For example , if you ’re a day spa your app could help customers try on makeup at home .
Or offer DIY facial recipes .
Plastic surgeons might help customers imagine their faces after rhinoplasty .
The possibilities are endless , but the outcome must be relevant to customers .
Mobile apps are constantly evolving .
Your ability to connect with customers is more comprehensive with a mobile app than any other method of marketing communication .
Yes , you ’ll provide a resource for customers and build a relationship , but you also get to automate parts of your business that previously required hours and hours of preparation .
Data capture and push notifications alone help you eliminate the need for more than one CRM tool .
Push notifications give you access to customers without email marketing woes .
Mobile app development might bring a heavier upfront investment , but over time you ’ll save more money since you ’ll need fewer tools to manage customer relationships .
6. Less Spam
Let ’s face it , email marketing is history .
Most people get far too many emails to ever give them the attention they deserve .
Add to this the growing ferocity of spam filters and your emails are lucky if they ever reach an inbox .
This problem even applies to email opt-ins .
Customers wo n’t always remember where and when they signed up for your newsletters .
Relying on a mobile app to communicate with customers is a clever way to communicate without being deemed spam .
Push notifications grant you access to a customers mobile phone only if they turn on those notifications .
This direct form of promoting sales , promotions , or opportunities for customers helps them stay connected with your brand in a meaningful way .
7. More Sales
Giving customers easier access to your online store via mobile means more sales over time .
Instead of having to type in a web page URL , customers can tap on your icon to launch the shopping process .
The ease of access takes away any barriers to completing the sales transaction .
Since more than half of all online sales happen on a mobile phone , your mobile app is a natural resource for customers looking to quickly take care of a shopping need .
Understanding the Benefits of Mobile App Marketing
The benefits of mobile app marketing are n’t just for large corporations .
Small businesses can take advantage of the many communications , sales and advertising options available through mobile apps .
Customers are turning to their phones more and more to handle daily transactions .
Keep your business competitive by offering more mobile options that make your customers lives easier .
For more information and tips , visit our blog for updates .
This past weekend when [ social_buttons ]
If you are an avid Twitter user , you might have been able to notice the power of social media and the perhaps terrifying way this new phenomenon can impact businesses large and small .
This past weekend when # Motrinmoms surpassed “ Obama ” as the most searched for term on Twitter , it forced J&J ’s McNeil Consumer Healthcare into a company in dire need of a social media crisis plan !
[ youtube= http://www.youtube.com/v/BmykFKjNpdY&hl=en&fs=1]
But , I contend , Twitter was only part of the story !
From Ad Age :
Two days after a new ad push for Motrin triggered an online backlash , J&J ’s McNeil Consumer Healthcare unit is pulling the campaign , from the New York office of independent shop Taxi , and begging a vocal mommy - blogging nation for forgiveness .
Though the ad had been out for a month , it finally caught the attention of our own prominent Green Options blogger , Jessica Gottlieb who started Twittering about it and published this piece More Outrage as # MotrinMoms Reaches # 2 On Twitter on Eco Child ’s Play , as well as this one on her own blog , the news spread like wildfire and resulted in the ad being pulled from the website and replaced with an apology .
I had a bit of an inside view of this phenomenon , as Jessica and I both write for Our sister site , Eco Childs Play and Silicon Valley Moms and I follow her on Twitter .
So , as a social media marketer , it was interesting to me to watch this whole grass roots campaign develop over the weekend .
The first Tweet came out early Saturday Morning , which Jessica shortly followed with the two blog posts mentioned above .
I received 3 or 4 emails from other mommy bloggers , one an attorney , one another marketing expert and a third an author .
Most of us who received the email checked out the Motrin site and Jessica ’s blog .
Depending on the level of outrage , additional blog posts were written and comments made .
As I look at this particular crisis , I notice that , while Twitter is given the credit for driving the outrage , actually , there were several different drivers .
Jessica has over 1000 followers on Twitter , many of whom have several hundred followers of their own or more , so of course that spread the word .
However , blogs also played a role .
Eco Child ’s Play , where Jennifer first wrote about the Motrin piece , with a Google page rank of 5 , has several thousand visitors each day .
Many of the readers have their own blogs with hundreds or thousands of visitors each day .
The multiplier effect is perhaps even greater from the blog pieces than from the Tweets .
Additionally , over the weekend , the loosely connected group of Green Mom bloggers sent out a variety of emails directing additional Moms and bloggers to the various posts and continued to blog about the Motrin ad .
One important point to note …some of these Moms are NOT regular Twitter users .
( How do I know ?
As a member of one of these Green Mom groups I was tapped to set up the Twitter page )
But they are all avid bloggers .
Each additional blogger that wrote about the subject passed the news to another several thousand , likely far more than saw the post on Twitter .
Moms also got on the phone and emailed their friends , creating a synergistic approach that spread the word in a variety of different directions , both to avid Twitter and web users and those never to be found on social media .
As noted on Adage
“ You do n’t have to have thousands of followers to start something like this , ” said Mr. Armano , … “ Many people with small networks have just as much influence as a few people with large networks . ”
I ’d amend that comment a bit .
Many people with small networks on Twitter have just as much influence as a few people with large networks … especially women who tend to use a variety of media to connect with a large group of friends .
It is the way that Twitter eases the flow of information from blogger to blogger that is the real power of the medium for marketers enabling the passing on of information to influencers online and off .
A Brief Guide to Some of the Challenges That Don't Appear in Parenting Books
To start with , parenting is one of the most exciting , fun , and rewarding things I 've done with my life so far .
It is also the most challenging .
There are many wonderful books and articles in the world about parenting , and if you 're thinking of procreating , you should consult several , along with the the stored experience of everyone you know who 's done it before .
However , there are some moments in parenting that do n't get talked about much .
Part One -- Ickiness
Babies ooze , drip , puke , poop , and otherwise excrete an unending stream of substances , which come in amazing variety of consistencies , colors , and aromas .
You will become intimate with more icky stuff than you could possibly imagine .
Perhaps you remember a scene from childhood when a grown - up dealt with something unimaginably gross without batting an eye , and you wondered how anyone could possibly do that .
( My personal recollection is of a time when the toilet was stopped up , and heading for overflowing .
I hollered for Mom .
She stepped into the room , took one look at the situation , and plunged her hand in , pulling out a huge wad of paper and ... stuff just in time to stop it from running all over the floor . )
Once you are a parent , you will understand how they can do it .
You will too .
A quick note on vocabulary :
As a new family , you should pick a word for excrement and try to stick with it .
If you use a bunch of euphemisms , it will make potty - training that much harder .
Pick a word that you 're comfortable saying -- you 'll be saying it a lot for the next few years .
To be fair , it starts easily enough .
Wet diapers , a bit of spitting up .
Spit up is just milk with a little stomach juice mixed in , and there 's rarely very much of it .
Of course , there will be the times when you 're dressed in something decent , headed somewhere important , and they spew on your shoulder without warning .
At least once , this will happen and you wo n't notice until later , when you 're out in public with a big white spot on your shirt .
If your baby is breastfed , their poop will be thin , yellowish ( about the color and thickness of mustard ) , and really wo n't smell very bad .
( I have no experience with formula - fed babies , but I 'm told theirs smells a bit worse . )
If you use disposable diapers , you 'll hardly interact with it anyway , before the Diaper Genie whisks it away .
Eventually , things will get more interesting .
There will be a time when the little bundle of joy poops about half their body weight out at once .
Okay , it wo n't really be that much , but it looks like it as it oozes out of their diaper , all over their outfit and everything else in arm 's reach .
This will most likely happen when you 're out and about and the best place you can find to change them is the passenger seat of the car .
Then they 'll start eating solid food , and you 'll discover that what comes out looks pretty much like what went in .
Carrots in the evening , orange poop by morning .
Do n't freak out at the bright red bowel movement -- it 's just the beets .
This will continue for months -- a truly fascinating array of colors and textures .
This is also when it starts getting smelly .
Toilet learning ( that 's the new PC term -- " training " is a bit demeaning , they say . ) means that the end is in sight .
It also , however , means that there is no longer a diaper defending your rugs , furniture , and person from your darling 's bodily functions .
On the day you realize they have n't had an accident for a week , you 'll be tempted to celebrate , but by then you will know better than to tempt fate like that .
Finally , picture the following .
The baby 's two or so , and has a low fever .
She 's been fussy and clingy for a couple hours , and you have her curled up in your lap , rocking and soothing her .
She 's quiet for a second , and you notice something warm .
and wet . and sour .
Yup , you know it -- when you look down , you 're wearing her supper .
Remember those little bits of spit -up ?
This is n't it .
This is two quarts of half - digested spaghetti , and it 's headed for the upholstery .
You have three seconds to spring out of the chair ( without spilling any ) , dash to the bathroom , and begin cleaning up .
Without acting grossed out .
Do n't forget to keep speaking in a calm , soothing voice , since the baby 's become rather upset by this whole turn of events , and you need to reassure her that everything 's okay .
( Okay , so this one is a thinly disguised personal anecdote .
It is however , also backed up by a survey that reveals that 3 of the 4 co-workers with children I asked have also been vomited on . )
Part Two -- Personal Space
There is actually less to be said here , since parenting books do generally address this topic , to some extent .
In fact , I believe that every parenting book is required to have a section on dealing with your own needs , and that section is required to address , in some way , the question " will we ever have enough time to ourselves to have sex again ? "
( Generally , the answer is something along the lines of " Well , someday , yes .
Probably .
Maybe . " )
But the books do n't really explore all the implications of the fact that babies and toddlers have no sense of privacy or personal space .
Here are just a couple .
Once your kid starts walking and talking , you will have company in the bathroom .
Now , this probably bothers some people more than others , but I can't imagine anyone is really comfortable with the question " what are you doing now ? " repeated 20 times while they 're on the toilet .
You may try to keep them out , but then , of course , you risk giving them the idea that their bodies are bad , or dirty , or something to be ashamed of .
Plus , from their perspective , you 're in there with them when they go , so why should n't they be in there with you ?
Just be glad if they do n't offer to help you wipe .
And finally , there 's the really personal .
While it may be annoying to have your personal space encroached on , it 's nothing compared to the damage they can do to your private parts .
Eventually , they will learn that they can hurt you and , hopefully , try not to , but in the meantime , as they 're crawling , climbing , standing , and jumping in your lap , you 're sure to take a couple hits .
( Okay , that one 's pretty much male oriented , but based on the yelps my wife occasionally lets out , I do n't think being elbowed in the breast is much fun either . )
You know you 've arrived at adulthood when you find yourself actually saying " Honey , please do n't step on Daddy 's penis . "
Let me close with one more anecdote .
Often , when I get home at the end of the day , my daughter meets me at the door .
It 's a wonderful feeling to have her open the door for me and throw herself at me in a big hug as I step inside .
But I 'll always remember the day that , for some reason , she led with her head , which connected quite solidly .
If you have n't ever been headbutted in the groin , you 'll just have to imagine .
As I 'm gasping for air , trying not to faint on top of her , she looks up and asks " What 's the matter daddy ?
Are n't you happy to see me ? "
Yes , sweetie , of course I am .
We all know there are indeed atheists in foxholes — atheists in all branches of the armed services .
Many of them are open about it .
As a result , they face a lot of hardships .
One of these foxhole atheists has graciously offered to answer your questions .
While he prefers to remain anonymous , I can tell you he ’s a civilian contractor who provides communications services to the U.S. Army .
He also fixes communications equipment .
He is currently in Iraq , though he may soon be shipped to Afghanistan .
So knowing all that …
What would you like to ask a foxhole atheist ?
I ’ll compile the best questions asked within the next couple days and pass them along to him .
*** Update ***: Another currently embedded atheist troop has also agreed to answer questions .
The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) alleges that Cisco , famous for making equipment used to route data around the Internet , has infringed on the FSF ’s copyright in numerous programs used in their Internet routing equipment marketed under the Linksys brand ( read the complaint and more background about the case ) .
It ’s important to note some differences between how the FSF handles copyright infringement and what the FSF does in their everyday work from other famous copyright infringement litigators :
Not jumping into litigation lightly .
The FSF tried to work with Cisco for 5 years but new copyright infringement issues came to the FSF ’s attention faster than Cisco would resolve old infringement issues .
The FSF tried to work with Cisco for 5 years but new copyright infringement issues came to the FSF ’s attention faster than Cisco would resolve old infringement issues .
The FSF was initially silent about the issue .
No press release , nothing aimed at embarrassment as far as I can tell ; the FSF knows that you can often gain compliance with an inquiry about the issue and some advice on how to comply with the license .
The FSF aims to fix practical problems and they have a strong record to point to should anyone question their sincerity .
The FSF knows they have the courts to fall back on , but why take that long and expensive route when being nice will do the job ?
No press release , nothing aimed at embarrassment as far as I can tell ; the FSF knows that you can often gain compliance with an inquiry about the issue and some advice on how to comply with the license .
The FSF aims to fix practical problems and they have a strong record to point to should anyone question their sincerity .
The FSF knows they have the courts to fall back on , but why take that long and expensive route when being nice will do the job ?
No threats of suing Cisco into insolvency .
Unlike the RIAA and MPAA which seek maximum penalties against poor individuals regardless of the actual value of the alleged infringement , the FSF first seeks license compliance in their copyright infringement cases .
And Cisco is a multinational corporation worth billions of dollars , not a person !
Unlike the RIAA and MPAA which seek maximum penalties against poor individuals regardless of the actual value of the alleged infringement , the FSF first seeks license compliance in their copyright infringement cases .
And Cisco is a multinational corporation worth billions of dollars , not a person !
The FSF builds on strengths by licensing to share .
This means the FSF is helping distribute copyrighted works that do n’t promote a culture of separation and helplessness like proprietary software distributors do .
Anyone who infringes copyright of works intended to be shared and improved immediately gains sympathy because infringers are working against building a better world and treating nice people harshly .
This means the FSF is helping distribute copyrighted works that do n’t promote a culture of separation and helplessness like proprietary software distributors do .
Anyone who infringes copyright of works intended to be shared and improved immediately gains sympathy because infringers are working against building a better world and treating nice people harshly .
Get your facts straight before you litigate .
Do n’t risk coming off as a jerk by treating serious litigation frivolously and suing the wrong people as the RIAA has done .
A few years ago at Roger Ebert ’s “ Ebertfest ” , a movie festival in Urbana , Illinois , I was proud to tell Jack Valenti , former head of the Motion Picture Association of America , and the assembled crowd that copyright infringement can be handled differently ; one can work with alleged infringers to help build a mass of public support ready to stand by the copyright holder instead of the alleged infringer .
I specifically noted how the FSF and other free software advocates handle allegations of infringement because nothing is stronger than a working example ( “ running code ” as Eben Moglen points out ) .
I do n’t think these points were lost on the late Valenti or on the crowd ; the public is increasingly aware of ordinary people being pushed into insolvency by RIAA / MPAA lawsuits .
Fueling public anger , some of those lawsuits are filed without regard to the facts on the ground .
I ’m still proud of the FSF ’s behavior .
I hope you will join me in helping the FSF by becoming a member and by running more free software .
wxHaskell is a portable and native GUI library for Haskell .
It is built on top of wxWidgets - a comprehensive C++ library that is portable across all major GUI platforms ; including GTK , Windows , X11 , and MacOS X .
This version works with wxWidgets 2.8 only .
WASHINGTON 
When the government said it would spend $ 700 billion to rescue the nation ’s financial industry , it seemed to be an ocean of money .
But after one of the biggest lobbying free - for - alls in memory , it suddenly looks like a dwindling pool .
Many new supplicants are lining up for an infusion of capital as billions of dollars are channeled to other beneficiaries like the American International Group , and possibly soon American Express .
Of the initial $ 350 billion that Congress freed up , out of the $ 700 billion in bailout money contained in the law that passed last month , the Treasury Department has committed all but $ 60 billion .
The shrinking pie  and the growing uncertainty over who qualifies  has thrown Washington ’s legal and lobbying establishment into a mad scramble .
The Treasury Department is under siege by an army of hired guns for banks , savings and loan associations and insurers  as well as for improbable candidates like a Hispanic business group representing plumbing and home - heating specialists .
That last group wants the Treasury to hire its members as contractors to take care of houses that the government may end up owning through buying distressed mortgages .
Jaguar does not need state subsidy .
It needs more customers .
Management needs to have more feel for the brand and for what people want from it .
I want the management to fight successfully in the market place so the jobs can be saved .
My thoughts are with the employees .
There can be no future for their jobs if they need to rely on state subsidy rather than customer income .
When I was 36 I acquired my first Jaguar .
I was appointed Chairman of a big quoted industrial group of companies .
The large black Sovereign saloon came with a chauffer to pick me up for the first day ’s work .
The only reason I got such a job was the Group had been bid for .
During the course of the bid the Board had signed up to a stretching profits forecast for the forthcoming year .
The defence worked , but shortly afterwards my predecessor as Chairman fell seriously ill .
The Board asked me to take over , as they thought it unlikely anyone would want to come in from outside to deliver the profits we had promised .
I recognised we needed to raise revenues and cut costs to meet it .
I also realised I could guarantee to cut the costs , but could not guarantee the extra sales .
So I cut the Chairman ’s salary , sold the company aircraft , placed the pilot with the new buyer of the plane , and sold the company flat in the West End .
Armed with moral authority from cutting my own perks and pay , I then persuaded others to cut their costs in turn .
We made the profits forecast easily and went on to hit 37 % return on capital .
The Jaguar was the one luxury which I kept .
I asked the chauffeur to do other things for the company when I did not need him for company business trips , which had the side effect that I could drive the car as well .
It began a love affair with Jaguars which lasted for a long time .
I was fortunate to inherit an older Jaguar saloon when I made it to the Cabinet .
It was n’t as good as the company one I had enjoyed , but it did have some style .
I restrained officials from buying me a new Rover to replace it , managing to combine my enthusiasm for careful control of public spending with the happy outcome that I could keep a Jaguar in government that I had got used to in business .
On leaving government I just had to find the money to own and drive a Jaguar myself .
At the end of the 1990s as Shadow Secretary of State for Trade and Industry I was asked to be one of the people who turned up to admire the then new Rover at the Birmingham Motor show .
I did so , and gave favourable comments to the press .
I also saw the new S type on the Jaguar stand .
I was so glad they did not ask me which car I would buy .
I thought the flowing lines of the S type were superb .
Whilst it had a hint of the 1960s icon Jaguar , it was a thoroughly modern car .
Place them side by side and they are very different .
Until recently I have been happy with the brand .
I am now not surprised to read that Jaguar are struggling .
They have made mistakes with the way they design , present and project their cars and handle their customers .
I was first mildly worried when I visited the Jaguar Formula
One outfit shortly before they gave up .
They were spending too much for comfort , but not enough to win .
It was difficult to see why they did it for so long .
Would n’t it have been better to have raced modified production cars in a cheaper competition , and achieved a higher standard ?
The launch of the X type was not a comfortable time for the company .
Many traditional supporters of Jaguar did not see it as a good addition to the range .
Jaguar compounded the error by trying to persuade owners of more expensive Jaguars to switch to their new cheaper product !
That was a great way of trying to cut the margins and turnover .
More recently the Group has been spending substantial sums on market research and questionnaires .
I have bothered to fill a few of them in , but developed an increasing frustration when I realised they were not listening .
They were not understanding the answers and were not communicating back .
I explained several times that I was not yet persuaded by the design of the new XF .
The windows are small , the back is very high , the width is narrow , and the radiator grill looks like a mini Bentley gone wrong .
They have lost the classic elegance of many of the best Jaguar designs .
I bought one of the last S types instead .
Now I am being bombarded by requests to buy the XF as if I have never expressed an opinion on it .
Worse still , somehow the press picked up a negative line about those of us who had bought S types when the XF was launched .
We read that the S type was old fashioned and stodgy .
The all modern exciting XF was designed to sell to the younger executive , a new breed of Jaguar buyers , people who had been buying BMWs .
Well if that is the case , why do they wish to sell one to me , having insulted me ?
What compelling deal or argument can they put to me to say sorry , if they want older Jaguar fans back ?
I did not see myself as old fashioned or stodgy for buying one of their cars .
The reason Jaguar is struggling is it does not have enough customers .
Yes , it had to widen its customer base .
No , it did not have to do that by upsetting the existing supporters .
Jaguar does not need a public subsidy , it needs a stunning successor to the XJ , possibly a remodelling and relaunch of the XF , and some much more astute marketing to reposition the brand comfortably , so it can reclaim its old supporters whilst winning some new friends .
Political parties could tell them a thing or two about the need to win over new friends without losing the core support .
Comments like “ the new Jaguar is styled specifically to shed its stodgy British lines ” and “ No more for Jaguar the relentlessly retro approach that is perceived to have done the marque no favours at all in modern times ” must have come from briefing close to the company .
It is undermining perceptions of their previous cars , never a good thing to do given that many likely Jaguar new car buyers have probably owned one before .
It would be so 1970s to go back to subsidising car makers .
In those days the more the government subsidised , the more the state aided companies lost market share .
The car companies came to see the government as the main customer , as they sought cash from them , whilst the foreign competitors got on with designing and building cars that individual customers wanted to buy .
It was a disaster .
The UK fell further and further behind the best of modern car design .
Surely even this government must see the folly of subsidising a foreign owned company to make luxury cars to sell to people with good incomes or money in the bank ?
And ca n’t the top management of Jaguar start listening to their customers , instead of contracting that out to consultants who manage to make a former Jaguar addict like me hopping mad with the way we are being treated ?
I am all in favour of the company innovating , and recognising that time moves on and perceptions of beauty change .
What I cannot accept is clumsy “ repositioning ” in a way which makes former friends uncomfortable with what the Group is doing .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Gasoline prices extended their slide , dropping more than 4 cents a gallon and coming within 25 cents of breaching the $ 3 level , according to a daily survey of credit card swipes releases Sunday .
The average price of unleaded regular fell to $ 3.247 a gallon nationwide , down 4.4 cents from $ 3.291 , according to the Daily Fuel Gauge Report issued by motorist group AAA .
That brings the two - day total decline to 10.3 cents .
The decline comes as hurricane season winds down and oil prices drop because demand is likely to weaken as the economy slows .
Gas prices dropped a record amount in the last two weeks , falling by more than 35 cents a gallon , the publisher of a separate survey said Sunday .
Trilby Lundberg , publisher of the nationwide Lundberg Survey of gasoline prices , said the average price for self - serve unleaded across the United States dropped to $ 3.31 a gallon - the largest decline in the six - decade history of the survey .
" This could be one the largest drops in history , " Lundberg said .
Lundberg 's survey looks at about 5,000 gas stations around the nation , tallying an average gas price for regular - grade unleaded gasoline .
Before the latest survey , the record drop tallied by surveyors came after Hurricane Katrina in October 2005 , when national gas prices dropped 25 cents a gallon , Lundberg said .
The price has now tumbled nearly 87 cents , or 21 % , below the record $ 4.114 set July 17 .
And it 's down about 43 cents from a month ago , but still remains some 49 cents , or 19 % , higher from a year ago .
The average price has dropped below $ 3 a gallon in six states : Iowa , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , Ohio and Oklahoma , where gas was selling for $ 2.83 a gallon , on average .
Gasoline is highest in Alaska , at $ 4.133 a gallon , with Hawaii - at $ 4.079 - the only other state above $ 4 a gallon .
Gasoline prices had surged during the highly traveled summer season and as a series of hurricanes battered oil refineries in the Gulf of Mexico .
But with hurricane season nearly over , prices began their slide .
Oil prices also have been moving sharply lower amid fears that the economic crisis , which has deepened globally , will have a severely adverse effect on demand .
Crude plunged to a 13 - month low on Friday , ending down $ 8.89 to $ 77.49 a barrel .
That 's a far cry from the $ 147.27 a barrel seen in July .
And since oil prices make up about half of the price of gasoline , the slide in crude S good news for drivers .
The survey is conducted for AAA by Oil Price Information Service from credit card swipes at more than 85,000 service stations nationwide .
Nathan Bedford Forrest High School Keeps KKK Leaders Name
High School has been embroiled in a push by many to change the name of the Jacksonville Florida facility .
The Duval County School Board held a three hour hearing last night and then voted 5 - 2 to keep the name of the early Ku Klux Klan leader , who was Grand Wizard , first era .
The school was established in 1950 and was all white at that time .
The name was chosen by the Daughters of the Confederacy , who saw it as a protest to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling that eventually integrated the nation 's public schools .
The school 's makeup has shifted over time and is now made up of over 50 percent black students .
Over 140 Jacksonville residents attended the meeting , with an overflow crowd of 20 additional citizens who watched on a television in the lobby .
The board is made up of five white members who voted to keep the name intact and two black members who favored a name change .
" Forrest was a terrorist and a racist " argued board member Brenda Priestly Jackson .
Board chairman Betty Burney was the other member who voted for a change .
One suggestion was to rename the school to honor a Forrest graduate who was killed on the first night of Operation Desert Storm .
Forrest High School has received two consecutive ' F ' grades on state assessment tests .
The new location is http://Coccinelle.lip6.fr/>
The ultimate goal of Henry Kissinger , the “ hired hand ” of Rockefeller dynasty .
America ’s post - world war II dominance rests on two pillars and one commodity – unchallengeable military power and the dollar as the world ’s reserve currency combined with the quest to control global oil and other energy resources .
In the midst of a worldwide drought and stock market collapse , consider Henry Kissinger ’s classified memo in April , 1974 .
It was on a secret project called National Security Study Memorandum 200 ( NSSM 200 ) that was shaped by Rockefeller interests and aimed to adopt a “ world population plan of action ” for drastic global population control – meaning to reduce it .
The US led the effort , and it worked like this – it made birth control in developing countries a prerequisite for US aid .
Engdahl summed it up in blunt terms : “ if these inferior races get in the way of our securing ample , cheap raw materials , then we must find ways to get rid of them . ”
UN Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) reporting sharply higher food prices along with severe shortages , and warned this condition is extreme , unprecedented and threatens billions with hunger and starvation .
Prices are up 40 % this year after a 9 % rise in 2006 , and it forced developing states to pay 25 % more for imported food and be unable to afford enough of it .
Various explanations for the problem are cited that include growing demand , higher fuel and transportation costs , commodity speculation , the use of corn for ethanol production ( taking one - third of the harvest that ’s more than what ’s exported for food ) and extreme weather while ignoring the above implications – the power of agribusiness to manipulate supply for greater profits and “ cull the herd ” in targeted Third World countries .
Affected ones are poor , and FAO cites 20 in Africa , 9 in Asia , 6 in Latin America and 2 in Eastern Europe that in total represent 850 million endangered people now suffering from chronic hunger and related poverty .
They depend on imports , and their diets rely heavily on the type grains agribusiness controls – wheat , corn and rice plus soybeans .
If current prices stay high and shortages persist , millions will die – maybe by design .
Under the banner of the United Nations , the new Bretton Woods framework , the IMF , World Bank and the GATT , were established for one purpose – to integrate the developing world into the US - dominated Global North so its wealth could be transfered to powerful business interests , mostly in the US .
So far , Washington and the industry are on a roll toward controlling oil and food .
The pursuit was ongoing with little public knowledge of how far advanced things are and how reckless the scheme is – to genetically engineer all plants and life forms and to control world population by culling its “ unwanted ” parts .
Hundreds of millions around the world stand opposed , but it ’s unclear if that ’s enough .
Big Banks controlling the Federal Reserve and our money ( dollar ) , Big Oil our world energy resources , Big Media our information , Big Pharma our health , Big Technology our state - of - the - art everything and watching us , Big Defense our wars , Big Pentagon waging them , and other corporate predators exploiting our lives for profit .
written by F. William Engdahl , a review from Stephen Lendman
Study Confirms Genetically Modified Corn Threaten Human Health and Fertility
A long - term feeding study commissioned by the Austrian Agency for Health and Food Safety , managed by the Austrian Federal Ministry of Health , Family and Youth , and carried out by Veterinary University Vienna , confirms genetically modified ( GM ) corn seriously affects reproductive health in mice .
Non-GMO advocates , who have warned about this infertility link along with other health risks , now seek an immediate ban of all GM foods and GM crops to protect the health of humankind and the fertility of women around the world .
Feeding mice with genetically modified corn developed by the US - based Monsanto Corporation led to lower fertility and body weight , according to the study conducted by the University of Veterinary Medicine in Vienna .
Lead author of the study Professor Zentek said , there was a direct link between the decrease in fertility and the GM diet , and that mice fed with non-GE corn reproduced more efficiently .
America is losing its superpower status in the global system
In 2008 appeared some obstacles which produced big interruptions in the enlargement of American power and it seems that this plan is doomed to failure .
The Financial Crisis of 2008 bankrupted the American economic system and the dollar is loosing value , the big banks are crashing , the oil price is sinking , the wars in Irak and Afghanistan are complicating without possibility to win them ….. promising to initiate a big change Obama is elected new president in the United States …..
Gorbachev s russian Perestroika finished the cold war .
Barack Obama s Perestroika will finish the economical war for Americans domination .
The new crisis affecting the global financial system based on parasitic speculation and usury is a terminal crisis .
It can no longer be solved through purely financial and monetary mechanisms and measures .
If US authorities only concentrate on this type of measure , then a truly serious collapse is imminent and unavoidable .
finances , energy and food in crisis
For the first time in modern economic times , three major crises – affecting finances , energy and food – are coinciding , coming together and merging .
Each interacts with the others , exponentially worsening the deterioration of the real economy .
As much as the authorities try to minimize the seriousness of the moment , the truth is that we are facing an economic cataclysm of unprecedented magnitude , whose social effects are just beginning to be felt and will explode with total brutality in the next several months .
From financial crisis we have gone on to a social crisis .
And the authoritarian policies emerge again .
The European Parliament on June 18 approved the infamous “ directive of return , ” and the Spanish authorities have announced their willingness to arrange for the eviction from Spain of one million foreign workers .
On top of this awful situation comes the third oil shock , as the price of a barrel of crude rises to about US $ 140 .
That is an irrational increase ( in 1998 , a barrel cost less than US $ 10 ) , due not only to an excessive demand but , above all , to the action of many speculators who are betting on the continuing rise of a fuel on its way to extinction .
As if this whole context were not gloomy enough , the food crisis has suddenly worsened , reminding us that the specter of hunger continues to threaten almost 1 billion people .
In about 40 countries , the high cost of food has provoked uprisings and general revolts .
The summit of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) , held June 5 in Rome to consider alimentary security , could not reach an agreement to relaunch worldwide food production .
Here , too , speculators fleeing from the financial disaster are partly responsible , because they ” re betting on a high price of future harvests .
So even agriculture is being financialized .
The big emerging countries , who now lead the global growth want to enter the closed club of rich countries and become full partners in the conduct of economic issues on the planet .
This club is dominated by the largest world economies Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Japan , Italy , United States and the European Union .
In the group of G 20 this nations include 12 emerging nations : Brazil , Russia , India , China , Argentina , Australia , Indonesia , Mexico , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , South Korea and Turkey .
In the heat of the financial storm that is shaking the most advanced economies , Brazil , Russia , India and China ( BRIC group called by its acronym ) do not want to settle for a seat in the second category of the G20 summit convened to discuss the crisis .
Those four nations had a “ call to reforming multilateral institutions to reflect structural changes in the global economy ” and also demonstrate “ the central role that emerging markets are now playing . ”
Rate this :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Halloween is almost here .
A flood of mass - produced , artificially colored and flavored , high fructose corn syrup sweetened candy is about to be unleashed to the masses .
They deserve better .
When our kids get all dressed up as ladybugs and fairies , we give them a goodie bag full of homemade treats and all natural candy , such as mini organic chocolates or sesame candies .
We might make pumpkin spice cookies or vegan brownies .
They may even get a honey stick or two .
The favorite Halloween treat , though , is maple candy , a treat so simple and pure , so heavenly sweet , that it puts all other candy to shame .
If you can operate a stove and a spoon and a thermometer , you can make maple candy at home .
The recipe is simple , and there ’s only one ingredient .
Pure maple syrup .
You also need a candy thermometer , but they ’re pretty cheap , and many grocery stores sell them .
Homemade Maple Candy :
In a tall saucepan or stockpot , heat 2 cups of water to a boil .
Measure the temperature of the water , then pour it out .
Note the temperature .
Heat 2 cups of maple syrup to boiling .
Use a tall pot , and add a drop of vegetable oil to help keep the foam down .
Do not stir .
Do n’t let the syrup boil over , or you ’ll be scrubbing the stove for a long time …
Once it has reached the boiling point , turn the heat down and wait for the temperature to rise to 33° above the temperature of the water noted above .
Turn off the heat and let cool for several minutes .
Stir the syrup until it thickens and gets opaque ( 3 to 5 minutes ) .
Pour into greased molds ( mini muffin pans work great ) or onto a greased baking sheet .
Let the candy cool and set up for 30 minutes , then remove from mold .
Wrap in waxed paper to hand out to the wee ones .
If you ’ve got snow , you can pour the syrup over a bowl of snow instead of into a mold to make “ Sugar on Snow ” or “ leather britches ” ( maple taffy ) .
Enjoy your all - natural Halloween treat !
Image : Aunt Owwee on Flickr under Creative Commons License
Improvements to conventional bulbs reached a limit 50 years ago
A European Union report has recommended banning conventional incandescent light bulbs by 2012 to save energy and cut down on greenhouse gas emissions .
Most light bulbs sold in the EU are of the type developed by Thomas Edison in 1879 .
But the report says the EU could save up to $ 12bn ( £ 8 bn ) a year in energy bills by switching to low - energy bulbs .
The report needs the backing of the European parliament and all 27 member states to become law .
" It 's very clear that this is a measure that will change the way that we consume energy , " EU Energy Commissioner Andris Piebalgs told journalists .
Phase out
Once approved , the EU would phase out conventional bulbs between September 2009 and September 2012 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Consumers will choose between long - life fluorescent bulbs or halogen lamps .
The EU says the measure will save households up to 50 euros ( $ 64 , £ 43 ) a year and pump up to 10bn euros ( $ 13 bn ) into the economy .
The new - style lamps carry energy savings of 25 % to 75 % compared to traditional incandescent bulbs , which are little changed since they were invented almost 130 years ago .
The report also says the switch will reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 12 million tonnes a year , and save energy equivalent to the consumption of 11 million European households .
Mr Piebalgs said that the phasing out had to be gradual so that " production facilities could adapt to the new lighting " and the quality of illumination could be ensured .
" European homes will keep the same quality of lighting , while saving energy , CO2 and money , " he said .
Several nations including Australia , New Zealand , Canada and the Philippines have already announced they will phase out or restrict sales of traditional bulbs .
A jumbo - sized snow globe from Hallmark is shown in this handout photo .
REUTERS / U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission / Handout
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Some 7,000 jumbo - sized snow globes were recalled by Hallmark Cards Inc. because the holiday decorations can act as a magnifying glass when exposed to sunlight and ignite nearby combustible materials , the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Tuesday .
The snowman - shaped snow globes were sold in October and November at Hallmark Gold Crown stores nationwide for about $ 100 each .
The consumer agency said Hallmark has received two reports of the snow globes igniting nearby materials but no injuries have been reported .
Consumers who bought the snow globes , which measure 11 by 12 by 17 inches ( 28 by 30 by 43 cm ) , should immediately remove them from exposure to sunlight and return to a Hallmark Gold Crown store for a full refund .
Details about the recall were posted at the government agency 's web site at : here .
A 51 - year - old man bicycling in Madison suggested that two cyclists passing him put lights on their bikes before they followed him to his home and beat him , according to Madison police .
The victim told police he suffered pain to his head and ribs after being attacked outside of his home on Lakeside St. about 6:30 p.m. Nov. 26 , according to a report released today .
The man told police he was riding on South Shore Drive when he heard someone from behind tell him that he would be passing on the left .
He moved over and a man and a woman rode past .
As they did , however , he said , ' Get a light . '
The other man turned and asked what he said .
The victim repeated , ' Get a light . '
The couple yelled loudly at the man , telling him to mind his own business , according to police .
The victim said the other man attempted to run him off the road before the couple followed him to his home driveway .
That 's where a conversation about lights continued and the woman told the victim that he seemed to have plenty of lights and asked for one .
He gave her a light and told police he did not feel threatened .
The other man , however , appeared to still be upset about the original comment and allegedly clamped his hands around the victim 's head .
The other man then twisted the victim to the ground and kneed him in the ribs .
The victim told police he last saw the two people pedaling down South Shore Drive .
The first suspect was described as a white male , about 6 feet tall , wearing a dark - colored jacket and riding a Trek time trial bike .
The second suspect was a white female , about 5 - feet - 4 - inches who rode an Orbea road bike with orange on the front .
Early in the campaign , the black commentator Tavis Smiley took a lot of heat when he questioned all the rhetoric , much of it from white liberals , about Obama being “ post- racial . ”
Smiley pointed out that there is “ no such thing in America as race transcendence . ”
He is right of course .
America can no sooner disown its racial legacy , starting with the original sin of slavery , than it can disown its flag ; it ’s built into our DNA .
Obama acknowledged as much in his landmark speech on race in Philadelphia in March .
Image Frank Rich Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Yet much has changed for the better since the era of “ Guess Who ’s Coming to Dinner , ” thanks to the epic battles of the civil - rights movement that have made the Obama phenomenon possible .
As Mark Harris reminds us in his recent book about late 1960s Hollywood , “ Pictures at a Revolution , ” it was not until the year of the movie ’s release that the Warren Court handed down the Loving decision overturning laws that forbade interracial marriage in 16 states ; in the film ’s final cut there ’s still an outdated line referring to the possibility that the young couple ’s nuptials could be illegal ( as Obama ’s parents ’ marriage would have been in , say , Virginia ) .
In that same year of 1967 , L.B.J. ’s secretary of state , Dean Rusk , offered his resignation when his daughter , a Stanford student , announced her engagement to a black Georgetown grad working at NASA .
( Johnson did n’t accept it . )
Obama ’s message and genealogy alike embody what has changed in the decades since .
When he speaks of red and blue America being seamlessly woven into the United States of America , it is always shorthand for the reconciliation of black and white and brown and yellow America as well .
Demographically , that ’s where America is heading in the new century , and that will be its destiny no matter who wins the election this year .
Still , the country is n’t there yet , and should Obama be elected , America will not be cleansed of its racial history or conflicts .
It will still have a virtually all - white party as one of its two most powerful political organizations .
There will still be white liberals who look at Obama and can’t quite figure out what to make of his complex mixture of idealism and hard - knuckled political cunning , of his twin identities of international sojourner and conventional middle - class overachiever .
After some 20 months , we ’re all still getting used to Obama and still , for that matter , trying to read his sometimes ambiguous takes on both economic and foreign affairs .
What we have learned definitively about him so far  and what may most account for his victory , should he achieve it  is that he had both the brains and the muscle to outsmart , outmaneuver and outlast some of the smartest people in the country , starting with the Clintons .
We know that he ran a brilliant campaign that remained sane and kept to its initial plan even when his Republican opponent and his own allies were panicking all around him .
We know that that plan was based on the premise that Americans actually are sick of the divisive wedge issues that have defined the past couple of decades , of which race is the most divisive of all .
Obama does n’t transcend race .
He is n’t post -race .
He is the latest chapter in the ever - unfurling American racial saga .
It is an astonishing chapter .
For most Americans , it seems as if Obama first came to dinner only yesterday .
Should he win the White House on Tuesday , many will cheer and more than a few will cry as history moves inexorably forward .
But we are a people as practical as we are dreamy .
We ’ll soon remember that the country is in a deep ditch , and that we turned to the black guy not only because we hoped he would lift us up but because he looked like the strongest leader to dig us out .
i Phone users expecting their Passcode Lock to prevent thieves running up their bill will be disappointed , as it emerges that the " Emergency Call " button actually allows any number to be dialled .
While most users are happy to keylock their iPhone with the sliding finger , some opt to configure a passcode to lock the device more effectively - suffering the inconvenience of entering their PIN every time they use the phone .
But while that process will protect data on the device ( unlike last time ) it wo n't stop a pickpocket running up your phone bill by making calls to any number .
The iPhone manual states that emergency calls may be possible when a passcode has been set : " Make an emergency call when iPhone is locked : Tap Emergency Call , then dial the number using the keypad . "
But it neglects to define what numbers constitute an emergency , and it turns out that , in the UK at least , the user is permitted to call anyone they wish .
This could be described as a feature - one man 's emergency is another 's routine call - but we can't help wondering if the typical user is really aware of this particular feature , or if the manual could have been a bit more explicit in stating that someone experiencing an emergency is free to call on support from anywhere . ®
3
This position should allow you to lift more weight than with a standard hammer curl because you also place a lot of the demand on your upper back muscles . [ 17 ]
This exercise is essentially a dumbbell hammer curl from a row position .
To perform , place your right knee on a flat bench with your left foot firmly on the ground to the side .
Lean over so that your back is both straight and parallel to the floor .
Then brace with your right hand against the bench .
Lift the dumbbell with your left hand in the hammer position ( with your palm facing toward your body ) .
Initially let your arm hang straight down , and then simultaneously bring your arm up at the elbow as you also curl the dumbbell toward your pecs before lowering it again .
Switch position to work the other arm .
Zara
Home abrió el pasado viernes dia 5 en la calle Serrano de Madrid su tienda más grande , con 1000 metros cuadrados de superficie , repartidos en dos plantas y catorce metros de fachada en los que se que incluyen dos escaparates , en este local podemos encontrar todo lo que la cadena venía ofreciendo hasta ahora en sus colecciones de complementos para el hogar , incluyendo los elementos de decoración infantil de Zara Home Kids .
Además en este caso Inditex ha ampliado la oferta de su marca de moda de hogar , añadiendo mobiliario a sus propuestas , sillas , mesas , taburetes y otros muebles auxiliares , son las novedades más destacadas que Zara Home presenta en la inauguración de este nuevo establecimiento .
Este hecho coincide además con otro muy destacado , como es el que la cadena comience en estos días a vender sus poductos a través de Internet , la situación de expansión y crecimiento es evidente , la decoración es un aspecto importante de nuestras vidas , todos buscamos un hogar confortable , acogedor y con estilo y en ese sentido este tipo de empresas tienen mucho que ofrecer .
La renovación contínua de sus colecciones adaptándose a las últimas tendencias , la orientación de sus productos hacia un público juvenil y dinámico , el precio razonable de los artículos que venden y su amplia presencia en todos los rincones del mundo , son algunos de los motivos de que este negocio suba como la espuma .
I 'm glad to announce the first public release of XCVB , the eXtensible Component Verifier and Builder for Common - Lisp , a shift from ASDF .
While the software is still very primitive and under - documented , it comes with a simple example of how I automatically converted Exscribe to be compiled with it .
XCVB currently depends on cl- launch and asdf - dependency - grovel .
The documentation I wrote already has everything there is to say about the little that XCVB is and what it is n't yet , so I wo n't repeat it here .
Instead , I will discuss the deeper rationale for XCVB .
It is common wisdom that a ( programming ) language can't be designed perfectly in one go , but instead has to be grown ( and trimmed ) over a period of time to fit the needs and capabilities of the actors involved in communicating ( programs ) , whether humans or machines .
Well , Lisp in general , and Common Lisp in particular , has got the growing bit just right , where most other languages just do n't get it : with macros and reader - macros , you can effectively turn Common - Lisp into any language you like .
To quote Guy L. Steele Jr. , " If you give someone Fortran , he has Fortran .
If you give someone Lisp , he has any language he pleases . "
However , since in Common Lisp these work by irreversibly side - effecting the read - time , compile - time , run-time and coffee - time environments , and since there is ( currently ) no standard way to cleanly restrict the scope of such changes or specify which set of changes you 're using , any extension you use makes such side - effects exponentially more likely to confuse other people and programs , to the point that if you want your code to be reused by other people , you must refrain from using such extensions altogether , and stick to the base language ( which incidentally is n't all that portable , with plenty of unspecified , mostly uncheckable corner cases ) .
And so , while Common Lisp enables you to grow your own language , it makes it difficult for that language to be the same as anyone else 's .
You 're either using Common Lisp without much in terms of extension , in which case it 's a rather bad programming language as compared to all there is out there ; or you use it with plenty of home - grown extensions , in which case you 're growing your own autistic language that only you can use -- plus you have to do all by yourself the heavy lifting of making that language not suck .
That 's where XCVB comes into the fray .
XCVB is a mechanism to specify a set of language extensions to use , and to restrict the scope of the use of such extensions .
In other words , it 's the bottom half of a module system .
Unlike a full - fledged module system , XCVB wo n't handle syntax , namespaces , hygiene in macroexpansion , or any such fancy topic .
However , XCVB will provide you with enough sanity that you will hopefully be able to handle these on top of XCVB .
The promise of XCVB is that each module will be separately compiled , that the compile - time side - effects required to compile one module wo n't escape to break other modules .
Of course XCVB will also handle the proper staging of compiling the required compile - time dependencies ( e.g. macros and declarations ) before to attempt compiling the modules that use those dependencies .
It will also play well with your larger - than - Lisp build ( Makefile ) , and will even allow you to parallelize your Lisp build in the marvelous new world of multiprocessors .
In the future , it may even handle distributed compilation farms , etc .
All these features will I hope make XCVB an attractive proposition , at least when XCVB itself will have grown beyond the current prototype .
But the deep purpose of XCVB is not incremental or distributed compilation , it is to make Common Lisp a proper platform to grow languages spoken by more than one person .
Christian Hosoi is a professional skateboarder who became a born - again Christian while incarcerated for trafficking crystal meth .
Nowadays he is trafficking another dangerous substance :
The sort of unscientific ideas that have the power to make gay kids hate themselves .
Here , check this out :
So for all you queer & queer supportive skaters out there .
Hosoi Skateboards probably is off your list .
Let them know why .
H/T to Good As You for the story .
The NYT has a very helpful piece today on Sarah Palin 's theology .
Money quote :
Critics say the goal of the spiritual warfare movement is to create a theocracy .
Bruce Wilson , a researcher for Talk2Action , a Web site that tracks religious groups , said : “ One of the imperatives of the movement is to achieve worldly power , including political control .
Then you can more effectively drive out the demons .
The ultimate goal is to purify the earth . ”
This is now a conservative notion : purifying the earth ?
It 's striking to me , after all the legitimate interest in Trinity United and Obama , that Palin 's deep and long relationship withe the movement known as " spiritual warfare " has not been more discussed .
Jeremiah Wright has had exponentially more air time than Pastor Muthee , and yet Wright is a milque - toast establishmentarian compared to the witchcraft - believing theocrat who has personally blessed Palin and now dominates her home - town church :
Ms. Palin has had long associations with religious leaders who practice a particularly assertive and urgent brand of Pentecostalism known as “ spiritual warfare . ”
Its adherents believe that demonic forces can colonize specific geographic areas and individuals , and that “ spiritual warriors ” must “ battle ” them to assert God ’s control , using prayer and evangelism .
The movement ’s fixation on demons , its aggressiveness and its leaders ’ claims to exalted spiritual authority have troubled even some Pentecostal Christians ...
Russell P. Spittler , provost emeritus at Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena , Calif. , and an eminent scholar of Pentecostalism , said , “ Most Christians would accept the view that there are forces and powers in the world that oppose Christian virtues . ”
But , Mr. Spittler added , “ Spiritual warfare makes a religion of identifying demons by names and ZIP codes . ”
Just as troubling as the content of this kind of superstitious Christianism is the McCain - Palin 's response to questions about it .
The usual , creepy refusal to talk :
Ms. Palin declined an interview , and the McCain campaign did not respond to specific questions about her faith .
Thus , it is difficult to say with certainty what she believes .
So we have the possibility of a witchcraft - believing , earth - purifying theocrat in the White House and they wo n't even respond to questions about it .
Reassured much ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Multiple vulnerabilities exist in the Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliances and Cisco PIX Security Appliances .
This security advisory outlines details of these vulnerabilities :
Windows NT Domain Authentication Bypass Vulnerability
IPv6 Denial of Service Vulnerability
Crypto Accelerator Memory Leak Vulnerability
Vulnerable Products
Windows NT Domain Authentication Bypass Vulnerability
Because of a Microsoft Windows NT Domain authentication issue the Cisco ASA and Cisco PIX devices may be susceptible to a VPN authentication bypass vulnerability .
Cisco ASA or Cisco PIX security appliances that are configured for IPSec or SSL - based remote access VPN using Microsoft Windows NT Domain authentication may be vulnerable .
Devices that are using any other type of external authentication ( that is , LDAP , RADIUS , TACACS+ , SDI , or local database ) are not affected by this vulnerability .
IPv6 Denial of Service Vulnerability
Cisco ASA and Cisco PIX security appliances that are running software version 7.2 ( 4 ) 9 or 7.2 ( 4)10 and configured for IP v6 may be vulnerable .
This vulnerability does not affect devices configured only for IPv4 .
Note : IP v6 functionality is turned off by default .
Crypto Accelerator Memory Leak Vulnerability
Cisco ASA security appliances may experience a memory leak that can be triggered by a series of crafted packets .
This memory leak occurs in the initialization code for the hardware crypto accelerator .
Devices that are running software versions in the 8.0.x release are vulnerable .
Note : Cisco ASA appliances that are running software versions in the 7.0 , 7.1 , and 7.2 releases are not vulnerable .
The Cisco PIX security appliance is not affected by this vulnerability .
Details
This Security Advisory describes multiple distinct vulnerabilities .
These vulnerabilities are independent of each other .
Windows NT Domain Authentication Bypass Vulnerability
Because of a Microsoft Windows NT Domain authentication issue the Cisco ASA and Cisco PIX devices may be susceptible to a VPN authentication bypass vulnerability .
Cisco ASA or Cisco PIX security appliances configured for IPSec or SSL - based remote access VPN may be vulnerable .
Note : Cisco ASA or Cisco PIX security appliances that are configured for IPSec or SSL - based remote access VPN using any other type of external authentication ( that is , LDAP , RADIUS , TACACS+ , SDI , or local database ) are not affected by this vulnerability .
The Cisco ASA security appliance supports Microsoft Windows server operating systems that support NTLM version 1 , collectively referred to as “ NT servers ” .
NT Domain authentication is supported only for remote access VPNs .
This vulnerability is documented in Cisco Bug ID CSCsu65735 ( registered customers only ) and has been assigned Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures ( CVE ) identifiers CVE -2008-3815 .
IPv6 Denial of Service Vulnerability
A specially crafted IP v6 packet may cause the Cisco ASA and Cisco PIX security appliances to reload .
Devices that are running software version 7.2 ( 4 ) 9 or 7.2 ( 4)10 and configured for IP v6 may be vulnerable .
This vulnerability does not affect devices that are configured only for IPv4 .
Note : Devices that are running software versions in the 7.0 , 7.1 , 8.0 , and 8.1 releases are not vulnerable .
To configure IPv6 on a Cisco ASA or Cisco PIX security appliance , at a minimum , each interface needs to be configured with an IP v6 link - local address .
Additionally , you can add a global address to the interface .
Note :
Only packets that are destined to the device ( not transiting the device ) may trigger the effects of this vulnerability .
These packets must be destined to an interface configured for IPv6 .
This vulnerability is documented in Cisco Bug ID CSCsu11575 ( registered customers only ) and has been assigned Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures ( CVE ) identifier CVE -2008-3816 .
Crypto Accelerator Memory Leak Vulnerability
The Cisco ASA security appliances may experience a memory leak triggered by a series of packets .
This memory leak occurs in the initialization code for the hardware crypto accelerator .
Note :
Only packets destined to the device ( not transiting the device ) may trigger this vulnerability .
The following Cisco ASA features use the services the crypto accelerator provides , and therefore may be affected by this vulnerability :
Clientless WebVPN , SSL VPN Client , and AnyConnect Connections
ASDM ( HTTPS ) Management Sessions
Cut - Through Proxy for Network Access
- Advertisement -
TLS Proxy for Encrypted Voice Inspection
IP Security ( IPsec ) Remote Access and Site - to - site VPNs
Secure Shell ( SSH ) Access
Impact
Successful exploitation of the VPN Authentication Bypass Vulnerability may allow an attacker to successfully connect to the Cisco ASA via remote access IPSec or SSL - based VPN .
The Denial of Service ( DoS ) vulnerabilities may cause a reload of the affected device .
Repeated exploitation could result in a sustained DoS condition .
More info on http://www.cisco.com/…/products_security_advisory09186a0080a183ba.shtml
Something strange recently happened to me in Tennessee .
I was n't actually in Tennessee when it happened .
The strangeness emanated from there -- actually , from one spot in Tennessee - - and eventually reached me here up in New England .
It started with a column I wrote in the October issue of Discover , about the evolution of the human face .
Sometimes people write letters to the magazine about my pieces .
My editors dropped a note to let me know that all at once they got [ strike ] 40 [ / strike ] 60 letters about my column .
All from the outskirts of Memphis .
All pretty much identical in style and substance .
Some had been written on a computer , but some were written by hand -- young hands , judging from their appearance .
Here 's a sample ...
" I enjoyed reading your article and was interested in the research done on how the face and its muscles work to make expressions .
I however believe that the brain and facial expressions are not a byproduct of years of evolution but instead a fingerprint of intelligent design .
You claim in your article , that the muscles of the face are the result of the transition of life from land to water , but where is the fossil record for the jump ?
None have been found .
There is no proof of the evolution of water to land creatures . "
And a second ...
" I would like to show you what I think may have happened .
First off , there is the law of entropy .
This law states that everything is in a state of going deeper into chaos .
The brain could not have formed going from a blob of amino acid to a highly complex organ that is capable of generating the power that is does .
That is going into a state of unity and order .
According to natural laws , this is impossible .
Only a creator is capable of doing this . "
And a third
" If the face is an irreducibly complex machine , which it is , it cannot evolve because the original face would be missing parts , which would make the whole machine non-fuctioning .
This rules out the possibility of evolution in human faces . "
I do n't know if all these letters came from a single class or club .
In any case , the folks at Discover asked me if I 'd write something in response .
So -- to my correspondents from Tennessee : Thank you all for your letters .
I appreciate that you took the time to read my article .
While I can't write to all [ strike ] forty [ / strike ] sixty of you individually , I want to respond to the overall gist of your letters .
A number of you stated that there is no evidence that the human face -- or even humans , period -- evolved .
For instance , one writer claimed that there is no fossil record of the transition of life from water to land .
Actually , there is a fossil record , and it 's getting more and more detailed every year .
The best source of information at the moment is a new review written by three experts on the subject .
They explain how paleontologists have found a number of fossils of fish with some -- but not all - - of the features found in land vertebrates .
They 've also found a lot of early land vertebrates that still had not yet evolved some of the anatomy found on land vertebrates today .
The illustration above , from the review , shows just how many fossils of these early land vertebrates and their relatives have been discovered in rocks between 400 and 300 million years ago .
This is what you 'd expect if life evolved .
When scientists compare the traits on all those species , they can judge which species are most closely related to each other , and use that information to draw an evolutionary tree .
The land vertebrates alive today , including mammals , reptiles , and amphibians are represented by the brown and green arrows .
The closest living fish relatives , according to this research , are lungfish and coelacanths ( Dipnoi and Actinistia on the tree ) .
As the tree shows , there are 19 different lineages paleontologists have discovered the branched off between our common ancestor with lungfish 410 million years ago , and the common ancestor of all land vertebrates alive today , which lived some 350 million years ago .
Those extinct lineages mark the evolution , step by step , of our legs , arms , wrists , ankles , fingers , and toes .
Do they mark every generation through this transition ?
Of course not -- but no paleontologist would ever dream of finding fossils of every individual that ever lived .
Instead , they judge how well each new fossil fits into the overall picture .
Scientists can also use other lines of evidence to test their hypothesis for how vertebrates came on land .
The tree I 've reproduced here makes it clear that our closest living aquatic relatives are lungfish and coelacanths -- two very rare lineages that make up a half dozen species or so all told .
Recently scientists compared a lot of DNA from from several species of fish -- including lungfish -- and land vertebrates .
They got the same result looking at genes that paleontologists get looking at bones : lungfish are our closest relatives .
The support that comes from different studies gives scientists confidence that they can look at fish to track the evolution of our faces .
On fossils , they can look at scoops and troughs in bones that mark the places where muscles attached .
And they can study muscles in the heads of living fish .
A lamprey does n't have a dimpled smile , let alone a jaw .
But it does have some of the same muscles as we have in our faces .
These muscles develop from the same place in the heads of lamprey embryo and a human embryo .
More closely related animals share more face muscles with us .
Our closest relatives , the chimpanzees , have just about every muscle in our own face , and they produce the same expressions when they are stimulated .
( See the illustration at the top of the post , from this review of face evolution from fish to humans . )
This is , again , the sort of pattern you 'd expect from evolution .
So there is , in fact , a lot of evidence documenting the evolution of the face from our fish ancestors -- and more coming to light each year .
But many of you also make a different sort of claim : that evolution could not have possibly produced the face .
Let me explain why this is not the case .
One person wrote in that the laws of entropy , which drives the universe to chaos .
" The brain could not have formed going from a blob of amino acid to a highly complex organ . "
But think about what happens every time a brain develops from nothing in a human embryo .
How can this order emerge , if entropy rules ?
Because the laws of entropy do not prevent order from arising in a particular place .
An embryo takes in energy to form its complex body , and it pumps out heat , increasing the entropy in the environment .
Entropy is likewise not a problem for evolution , if there is enough energy to increase local order and a place to push the disorder .
And our planet , getting energy from the sun and releasing heat back into space , provides just those conditions .
Some of you claimed that the face could not evolve because it is an " irreducibly complex " system .
If you take one part away from it , it does not work .
But that 's not actually the case .
Think about it -- chimpanzees and other primates have most of the facial muscles that we do -- but not all of them .
In other words , they are missing some parts of the human face .
But their faces are not " non-functioning " as one letter - writer claimed .
They make plenty of faces -- although they cannot make as many faces as we can .
You do n't even have to leave our own species to see that our faces are not " irreducibly complex . "
Many people are lacking one or more muscles in the face , but their faces work normally .
Botox paralyzes some muscles in the face -- knocking out several parts of this supposedly irreducibly complex face .
It may be hard for people with Botox to frown , but they can still smile and produce other facial expressions .
That 's hardly non-functional .
The links in my response take you to several scientific papers .
Actually , there are many , many more on the topics I 've discussed .
I 'd encourage you to take the plunge and learn more about the face and its evolution .
I 'd hope you 'd find it as fascinating as I do .
Protest / Rally to bring public attention to the almost 10 raids by the Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) in the past two weeks on medical marijuana patients and providers in California .
These raids have gone un -noticed in the media .
We will be calling on President elect Obama to end these DEA raids or next year Santa Claus will be delivering coal to The White House at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave in Washington DC .
" The DEA should be happy that I stop at all for them this year , " declares
Mr. Claus .
" They have stolen from patients , thwarted justice , terrorized
the state of California and wasted huge amounts of valuable resources .
They are shameful , unapologetic , should be spanked and sent to bed without
supper . "
Press Release : SANTA CLAUS DELIVERS LUMPS OF COAL TO THE DEA TODAY ( Downtown LA , Christmas eve , 4:00 PM ) December 24 , 2008FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE----------EVENT : Protest / Rally to bring public attention to the almost 10 raids by the Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) in the past two weeks on medical marijuana patients and providers in California .
These raids have gone un -noticed in the media .
We will be calling on President elect Obama to end these DEA raids or next year Santa Claus will be delivering coal to The White House at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave in Washington DC.
Media Contact : Degé CouteePatient Advocacy Network ( 323 ) 334-5282DATE : 12-24-2008LOCATION : DEA Headquarters255 E Temple StreetDowntown Los AngelesTIME : 4:00 PM on the dotSANTA CLAUS DELIVERS COAL TO THE DEA TODAY ( Christmas eve , 4:00 PM ) MEDICAL CANNABIS PATIENTS HONOR THOSE IN PRISONLOS ANGELES – December 24 , 2008 - Santa Claus has announced that he isdelivering a few bags of coal to 255 E. Temple Street in Downtown LosAngeles today at 4 p.m .
" The DEA should be happy that I stop at all for them this year , " declares Mr. Claus .
" They have stolen from patients , thwarted justice , terrorized the state of California and wasted huge amounts of valuable resources .
They are shameful , unapologetic , should be spanked and sent to bed withoutsupper .
" Patients will gather to tell Santa their wishes for the New Year and newWhite House Administration and hold a candlelight vigil for those patientswho remain in prison due to U.S. failed drug policies .
" There are many wonderful people in our jails and prisons who arenon - violent cannabis users .
They should be at home with their families , not in prison .
We demand president - elect Obama put an end to these raidsand useless incarcerations , " states Degé Coutee , president of PatientAdvocacy Network , a Southern California based medical cannabis patientadvocacy and education organization .
Coutee continues , " What we witnessed last week was no more than armedChristmas shopping .
The DEA took televisions , jewelry and cars , but noarrests were made all while holding patients at gunpoint .
This is notpublic safety .
This is government sanctioned terrorism . "
" I will be lighting a freedom joint " Santa added , " and passing it around toshare and show unity amongst cannabis patients and their supporters .
Ichallenge the feds to arrest Santa Claus on Christmas eve . " There have been 10 DEA raids on legally qualified patients and theirproviders throughout Southern California in the last two weeks .
Cash , medicine and personal property were taken , some without a warrant .
Noarrests were made but patients were threatened .
For more informationcontact Patient Advocacy Network at ( 323 ) 334-5282 or patientadvocates [ at ] riseup.net or visit http://www.CannabisSavesLives.com
End of press release
Lauren Bush , niece to George W , granddaughter to George H.W. and former Tommy Hilfiger fashion model , announced last week that she will be debuting a ready - to - wear fashion line focusing on sustainable fabrics .
Dubbed Lauren Pierce , a connotation - free combination of her first and middle names , the line is tailored from hemp silk , bamboo , and organic cotton , and will hit stores next spring .
The 15 - piece line was produced in New York City .
Several of the organic cotton pieces were hand - dyed by Congolese women as part of a program called Women to Women International , an organization that helps women impacted by conflicts to reclaim their communities and independence through economic , social , and political opportunities designed to empower them .
The pieces in Lauren Pierce will wholesale from between $ 50 and $ 350 , and ten percent of Lauren Pierce ’s profits will go back to Women to Women .
No word as to what retailers will carry the line .
Bush is no stranger to fashion .
She ’s studied at the Parsons New School for Design in New York as well as the Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design .
She ’s interned for Zac Posen and is dating Ralph Lauren ’s son , David .
She made a splash when she designed the wildly - popular FEED bags , burlap bags turned into stylish totes whose sales benefitted the U.N. ’s World Food Program , for which Bush is a spokesperson .
The project raised $ 5 million dollars for the WFP .
Market - based answers to deforestation in Latin America are backfiring , say conservation groups
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
On paper , the idea looks like a conservation masterstroke .
Take a huge swath of pristine rainforest , put a price on the rainfall it produces and other " services " , and sell these off to rich philanthropists with a conscience .
That 's precisely the rescue package dreamt up by investment house Canopy Capital .
And it 's working .
The London - based firm has persuaded 10 wealthy individuals to buy into the " ecosystem services " of Guyana 's heavily forested Iwokrama Reserve .
The logic is straightforward .
Trees need to be worth more standing up than chopped down .
Giving them a " utility value " is one way of achieving that .
" How can it be that Google 's services are worth billions , but those from all the world 's rainforests amount to nothing ? "
Canopy Capital 's director , Hylton Philipson , is fond of saying .
Putting a price on trees ' services — climate regulation , biodiversity maintenance and water storage , for example — is the latest in a long list of market - based measures designed to save Latin America 's forests .
Governments across the region have bought into ecotourism , forest certification , biodiversity offsets and carbon emission trading in recent years .
Market - based mechanisms appeal because they appear a win-win , says Ronnie Hall , coordinator for Global Forest Coalition , an international coalition of environmental groups .
" Governments do n't have to dip into the public purse so much , and private investors think they can make a profit out of it …
It 's very skewed .
In the end , it 's all become about money " , she says .
As the world 's financial markets totter , Latin Americans are wondering if the business theorists have n't hoodwinked them .
" The problems that have been caused by companies with their own rules cannot be solved by the same companies with the same rules , " says Ana Filippini , spokesperson for the World Rainforest Movement , a Uruguayan - based conservation group .
Despite millions being poured into sustainable projects in the Amazon , for example , illegal loggers are still hard at work in the world 's largest rainforest .
Monthly deforestation rates in August were almost three times higher than the same time last year , according to Brazil 's National Institute for Space Research .
Business - based schemes also have a habit of generating unintended consequences .
The Global Forest Coalition lists examples in a new report , Life as Commerce : the Impact of Market - based Conservation .
Take tree plantations .
Under the Kyoto protocol , the carbon captured by so - called carbon sinks can be sold to buyers in developing countries .
As a result , companies across the continent have been fighting over themselves to plant fast - growing plantations for the profitable carbon market .
The climate change benefits of monoculture plantations , however , are arguably offset by the enormous damage they cause to local biodiversity .
In endorsing commercial plantations , timber certification schemes such as the Forest Stewardship Council are also cited in the report for doing more harm than good .
Market - based schemes fail the residents of Latin America 's forests as much as the forests themselves , says the Global Forest Coalition .
Often complex and poorly explained , business mechanisms frequently leave local inhabitants sidelined and disenfranchised .
In Costa Rica , for example , conflicts have flared up among indigenous groups after individuals in these communities sold medicinal plants to pharmaceutical companies — a practice known as bioprospecting .
Forest communities in Colombia , meanwhile , have reportedly lost control over what trees to plant on their own land after agreeing to participate in a carbon - credit reforestation programme .
In some cases , the forests they were regenerating have been reclassified as stubble to make way for timber plantations .
" Although there 's a theoretical opportunity for indigenous people , they can't really engage [ with market - based schemes ] because there 's so many hurdles they have to jump , " says Hall .
Just as they have with the financial markets , governments need to step in with a robust rescue plan , says Sergio Leitao , campaign director of Greenpeace Brazil .
" We can't leave such an important subject for the future of the planet as forest preservation in private hands , " he says .
He cites the example of Paraguay , not a country associated with strong public governance .
A recent moratorium on deforestation cut illegal logging in the forest - rich state by 83 % in one year .
Simone Lovera , author of the report , suggests an alternative : leave the forest communities of Latin America to protect their natural habitat .
After all , the best - preserved forests today are found on indigenous territories , she points out .
" Indigenous - led conservation initiatives have proven to be very cost - efficient , " she says .
Regrettably , few residents of Latin America 's forests are likely to make it to the next round of climate change talks in Poland in December .
As business - minded negotiators brush down their suits in preparation , though , the message of cost - efficiency may win them a hearing .
ELYRIA — Daniel Petric shot his parents -- killing his mother -- because they would n't allow him to play the violent video game Halo 3 , prosecutors told a judge at the boy 's murder trial Monday .
The trial , on charges of murder and attempted murder , opened Monday for Petric , 17 , of Brighton Township .
He is being tried without a jury before Lorain County Common Pleas Judge James Burge .
( Update : The defense presents its case . )
Prosecutors are not seeking the death penalty because of Petric 's age .
In their opening state ments , prosecutors outlined this version of events surrounding the shooting :
In September 2007 , Daniel , then 16 , had sneaked out of his bedroom window to purchase the game at a store against his father 's orders .
When he returned home , his parents caught him with the game and took it from him .
His father , Mark , a minister at New Life Assembly of God in Wellington , put the game in a lockbox in a closet where he also kept a 9 mm handgun , according to prosecutors .
About a month later , on Oct. 20 , 2007 , Daniel used his father 's key to open the lockbox and remove the gun and the game .
The boy shot his parents , killing his mother and gravely wounding his father .
As his father lay wounded , Daniel tried to place the gun in his father 's hand .
Daniel fled after his sister and her husband arrived at the house , taking the Halo 3 game with him .
Also on Monday , a tearful Mark Petric testified that his son came up behind him as he sat on the couch and said , " Would you guys close your eyes ?
I have a surprise for you . "
Petric , 45 , said he " expected a pleasant surprise " and closed his eyes .
Then his head went numb .
As the blood poured from a bullet wound in his head , he realized his wife , Susan Petric , 43 , was lying dead on a nearby loveseat , shot in the head , arms and chest .
Petric said his son shoved the gun into his hand saying , " Hey Dad , here 's your gun .
Take it . "
Mark Petric broke down on the witness stand as he said he believes he survived the shooting only because his daughter and husband arrived at the house to watch an Indians game .
He heard his son telling them they could n't come inside .
" You guys should n't come in , " Mark Petric recalled his son saying .
" Mom and Dad had a big argument . "
The couple , Heidi and Andrew Archer , testified they heard a moan - possibly their names being groaned - from inside the house , pushed their way in and found the elder Petric wounded and his wife dead .
The elder Petric , through his shattered jaw , managed to say his son had shot him , while Daniel tried to blame his father .
Heidi Archer called 9 - 1 - 1 and then realized that Daniel had picked up the handgun that had been lying on the couch .
Her husband took the gun from the boy , who gave it up without resistance .
The boy ran out of the house and fled in the family van .
He was caught by Wellington police a short time later , the Halo 3 game still on the front seat .
Daniel showed little emotion throughout the trial except when his mother 's autopsy photos were flashed on a large screen .
He bowed his head and stared at his hands for about 20 minutes while the photos were discussed .
Petric was allowed to visit his son in jail over the past year .
He said his son has apologized .
" Dad , I 'm so sorry for what I did to Mom , to you and to the family , " Daniel said , according to his father .
" I 'm so glad you are alive . "
" You 're my son , " Petric responded .
" You 're my boy . "
He said his wife and their son had a very close relationship .
" He was always her little boy , " Petric told the judge .
Heidi Archer said the family has forgiven her brother and want him to come home because the family cannot heal until they are all together .
Daniel 's lawyer , James Kersey , gave a short opening statement .
He said his client had been under great stress at the time of the shooting because of a snowboarding accident that resulted in a severe staph infection .
It left Daniel with such severe spinal damage that the slightest injury could leave him paralyzed .
Daniel was homebound for a year with nothing to do but watch television and play video games , Kersey said .
It was during that time that he became fascinated with the Halo series and would play them for hours at friends ' houses .
His father forbade the games , saying that were too violent and sexually explicit .
Science in a Post - Bush World Scientists look to an Obama presidency to restore the public 's trust in science .
Nov. 6 , 2008  --
After eight years of brawls with the Bush administration on issues including climate change , stem cell research and health care , scientists across the country are n't just hungry for change they can believe in , but science they can trust .
While many a scientist has picked apart a science - based policy of President Bush , the underlying issue that has sparked outrage from across the scientific community is the politicization of the discipline .
" The idea of putting ideology into decisions about science -- that has really denigrated the role of science , " said Martin Chalfie , a Columbia University geneticist who was awarded a Nobel Prize in chemistry in early October .
Along with 75 other Nobel Laureates , he endorsed now - President - elect Barack Obama in an open letter that also blasted the Bush administration .
" The government 's scientific advisory process has been distorted by political considerations .
As a result , our once dominant position in the scientific world has been shaken and our prosperity has been placed at risk .
We have lost time critical for the development of new ways to provide energy , treat disease , reverse climate change , strengthen our security , and improve our economy , " the letter said .
As Obama the senator becomes Obama the president , these scientists and throngs of others eagerly wait for him to gain the ground lost by his predecessor .
Overcoming Legacies of George W. Bush
" The past eight years of denial and delay are over , " Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS ) President Kevin Knobloch said in a statement the morning after the election .
Particularly when it comes to policies related to global warming , the organization is looking for a fast and clean break from the approach of Bush that did not recognize man-made global warming , and obstructed international cooperation .
But that is hardly the only issue area that needs tending , scientists say .
In science - related agencies all over Washington , such as the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the Federal Drug Administration , " scientists have been so patiently waiting for change .
They 've hung on and they 've kept their heads down , " said Francesca Grifo , senior scientist and director of the Scientific Integrity Program at UCS .
In 2006 , she led an effort by leading scientists that condemned political interference in science .
In 2004 , the UCS first issued a petition calling for the restoration of scientific integrity to federal policy making .
Today , that document bears the names of more than 15,000 scientists , Grifo said .
On issues from A to Z , federal bureaucrats have undermined the scientific method and changed reports to make them politically or ideologically palatable , she said .
Earlier this year , a survey conducted by the UCS found that nearly two - thirds of the Environmental Protection Agency 's scientists complained of recent political interference in their work .
Other examples of political interference , Grifo said , include amending the reports by biologists on endangered species and premature proclamations that the air quality at ground zero was safe .
To undo the damage that 's been done , Obama 's administration needs to promote transparency , protect government scientists and allow robust scientific input to guide federal decision - making , she said .
Susan F. Wood , the assistant FDA commissioner for women 's health and director of the Office of Women 's Health who resigned from her position in 2005 , claiming political interference , is encouraged by Obama 's commitment to strengthening the science base at government agencies like the Food and Drug Administration .
She hopes he underscores his commitment by appointing strong leaders and empowering them to rely on sound research .
" I have great hopes and expectations that this election demonstrated that not just the Obama campaign wants a return to good science on what works and [ for ] people with expertise and experience to be involved in those decisions , " said Wood , who is now a research professor at George Washington University 's School of Public Health and Health Services .
" It 's an issue that resonates with the American people . …
If there 's a reason for using good science , it 's really what can help government do its job properly . "
Wanted : A Cabinet - Level Science Advisor
On several hot - button science issues , Obama has offered approaches and policy changes that scientists have applauded .
Recognizing the potential of stem cell research to treat Parkinson 's disease , spinal cord injury and other disorders , he has said that he supports expanding such research and would lift the current administration 's ban on federal funding of research on human embryonic stem cell lines created after Aug. 9 , 2001 .
He has also said that there can no longer be any doubt that human activities are influencing the global climate .
To reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent below 1990 levels by 2050 , he has proposed a market - based cap - and - trade system that sets a cap on the amount of a greenhouse gas that can be emitted .
Scientists , like Chalfie , are heartened by these proposals and expect Obama to follow through on them .
But they say that they 're also watching out for one key decision : the creation of a cabinet - level science advisor .
" Look at what the [ next ] president does in terms of appointing a science advisor , " said John Porter , chairman of Research !
America , a nonprofit medical and health research advocacy alliance , and former Illinois congressman .
The sooner Obama appoints a science advisor , the better , Porter said .
Bush did n't appoint John H. Marburger as his science advisor until five months after taking office .
And he did n't give the position a cabinet ranking .
Obama has said that he will appoint a chief technology officer , and the names of Google 's Vint Cerf and Amazon 's CEO Jeff Bezos have been floated as possible contenders .
However , Porter emphasized , the high - level position should represent all the sciences .
In terms of research , Porter said , the new administration should ensure that the physical sciences keep up with the life sciences and funding levels should increase by 3 percent , above inflation , annually .
Obama 's plan to double research funding in 10 years , is a " worthy goal , " Porter said , adding that the economic climate could present a challenge .
Regardless , he said , he is hopeful that Obama 's victory means the role of science is moving up .
" I think it 's a new day for science in America , " said Shawn Otto , chief executive officer of Science Debate 2008 .
" At last we 're going to see a return to policy that 's crafted on evidence instead of the other way around . "
Obama has won supporters from the scientific community , he added , because he not only has demonstrated an ability to synthesize the known facts into policy , he also makes an effort to reach out to those who may disagree with him .
And that , Otto said , " is similar to the best traditions of the scientific process . "
Waxman questions
Fuld about planned $ 23.2 Million in bonuses to Execs .
Waxman asks Lehman CEO who received $ 480 Million in salary , if that is fair ?
Monday , before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , members learned that Lehman was planning to give millions in executive bonuses , while asking for government help .
As Congress tries to unravel through a series of hearings , how the collapse of Lehman ’s came about .
Lawmakers are angry over Friday ’s bailout vote , they wanted a face to put the blame on for the financial fiasco that has rocked Wall Street .
That face was Richard S. Fuld Jr. , the Lehman chief executive who sat for a two - hour - plus grilling before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee as the panel combed through his pay history , management practices and financial strategies .
“ You made all this money by taking risks with other people ’s money , ” Rep. Henry Waxman , D - Calif. , the panel ’s chairman , said .
“ The system worked for you , but it did n’t seem to work for the rest of the country and the taxpayers , who now have to pay $ 700 billion to bail out our economy . ”
While Fuld testified to taking full responsibility for the decisions he made , that also included compensation system that paid him $ 350 million , from 2000 to 2007 was appropriate .
I do n’t know how these men sleep at night , knowing their greed for the most part created this financial nightmare .
Waxman unearthed a very incriminating e-mail that made Fuld ’s look like the true villain that he is .
The committee also found documentation of planned bonuses .
The panel unearthed internal documents showing that on Sept. 11 , Lehman planned to approve “ special payments ” worth $ 18.2 million for two executives who were terminated involuntarily , and another $ 5 million for one who was leaving on his own .
Waxman released e-mail correspondence from June 2008 in which Fuld dismissed the suggestion from executives at a Lehman subsidiary that the company ’s top people forgo bonuses to “ send a strong message to both employees and investors that management is not shirking accountability for recent performance . ”
Fuld tried to pass off to the committee that he is haunted by this and that “ This is a pain that will stay with me for the rest of my life , ” he said .
Sorry , but I have no sympathy for a man that earned almost half a billion dollars in less than eight years .
Fuld did n’t earn it honestly , he made it off of deals that paid the most commission , not ones that would have protected the corporations integrity and bottomline .
After the committee is finished with him , my suggestion is that his new residence be a federal prison where he can contemplate all the misery and suffering he has caused .
If you are citizen of an European Union member nation , you may not use this service unless you are at least 16 years old .
Stop wasting time looking for files and revisions .
Connect your Gmail , Drive , Dropbox , and Slack accounts and in less than 2 minutes , Dokkio will automatically organize all your file attachments .
Learn more and claim your free account .
View Edit Log in to edit this page .
Predictably Irrational David Watson 8 years , 1 month ago Page history last edited by Predictably Irrational The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions book by Dan Ariely This outline was written by Chris Yeh , made free as part of the The Book Outline Wiki .
Chapter 1 : The Truth About Relativity
We always seek to draw comparisons , and we are often unaware as to how seemingly irrelevant factors such as the simple presentation of options , actually influence what we select .
Thus , given three choices , A , B ( very distinct , but equally as attractive as A ) , and A- ( similar to A , but inferior ) , we will almost always choose A , because it is clearly superior to A - .
Say we are trying to decide on a vacation between two choices : a Paris trip with free breakfast and a Rome trip with free breakfast .
We cannot decide between the two because we love Paris and Rome equally .
Simply adding a third option - an " A minus " version of one of the options , will cause us to pick the A version , over the equally atractive B version .
Thus , the simple addition of a third " A - " option , " Paris without a free breakfast " , will cause us to choose " Paris with a free breakfast " , the " A " option , over " Rome with a free breakfast " , the equally attractive " B " option .
Similarly , had the third option added been " B minus " - " Rome without a free breakfast " , we would have selected that " B " option - " Rome with a free breakfast " .
This is irrational behavior because in the presence of two equal options , we could n't decide between the two , and the presence of a third , inferior option , should n't cause us to suddenly prefer one of the two .
Ariely did an experiment where he used photos of undergrads to test this ; 75 % of research subjects chose choice A over choice B .
When Williams - Sonoma introduced bread machines , sales were slow .
When they added a " deluxe " version that was 50 % more expensive , they started flying off the shelves ; the first bread machine now appeared to be a bargain
Tversky and Kahneman conducted the following experiment
When contemplating the purchase of a $ 25 pen , the majority of subjects would drive to another store 15 minutes away to save $ 7
When contemplating the purchase of a $ 455 suit , the majority of subjects would not drive to another store 15 minutes away to save $ 7
The amount saved and time involved are the same , but people make very different choices
Watch out for relative thinking ; it comes naturally to all of us .
Chapter 2 : The Fallacy of Supply and Demand Anchoring has a major long - term effect on our willingness to pay .
Savador Assael , the Pearl King , single - handedly created the market for black pearls , which were unknown in the industry before 1973 .
His first attempt to market the pearls was an utter failure ; he did n't sell a single pearl .
So he went to his friend Harry Winston , and had Winston put them in the window of his 5th Avenue store with an outrageous price tag attached .
Then he ran full page ads in glossy magazines with black pearls next to diamonds , rubies , and emeralds .
Soon , black pearls were considered precious .
Ariely , Prelec , and Loewenstein conducted an experiment in " arbitrary coherence " at the Sloan School .
Students were asked to write down the last two digits of their SSN and consider whether or not they would pay that amount for certain items .
Then they bid on those items .
For every product , those with a 80 - 99 SSN were willing to pay more than those with a 00 - 19 SSN ... by nearly 3X .
Simonsohn and Loewenstein found that people who move to a new city remain anchored to the prices they paid in their previous city .
People who move from Lubbock to Pittsburgh squeeze their families into smaller houses to pay the same amount .
People who move from LA to Pittsburgh do n't save money , they just move into mansions .
In another set of experiments , even attempts to switch anchors failed ; those who started off with higher anchors always demanded a higher price than those who started off with lower anchors , even after both groups had been exposed to exactly the same prices ( albeit in a different order )
Herding : Assuming that something is good ( or bad ) on the basis of other people 's previous behavior
Example : People wanting to go to a restaurant where people are waiting outside
Example : Going back to Starbucks because you recall enjoying yourself on your previous visit
At that point , you no longer ask yourself if you'd be better off with the cheaper coffee at Dunkin Donuts , or with the free coffee at your office
Starbucks itself is a case of producing a new anchor .
Schultz made Starbucks as different as possible from the traditional coffee shop to convince shoppers to establish a new anchor , rather than saying , " This is a fancy , expensive Dunkin Donuts . "
Ariely then ran another experiment .
He read from " Leaves of Grass , " and then asked his students the following :
1/2 of the students were asked if they would be willing to pay Ariely $ 10 for a 10 - minute poetry recitation
1/2 of the students were asked if they would be willing to listen to a 10 - minute poetry recitation if Ariely paid them $ 10
The students who were asked if they were willing to pay offered $ 1 for a short reading , $ 2 for a medium reading , and $ 3 for a long reading .
The students who were asked if they 'd accept pay demanded $ 1.30 for a short reading , $ 2.70 for a medium reading , and $ 4.80 for a long reading .
This is known as the " Tom Sawyer " effect .
Quote Twain : " There are wealthy gentlemen in England who drive four - horse passenger coaches 20 or 30 miles in the summer because the privilege costs them considerable money , but if they were offered wages for the service , that would turn it into work , and then they would resign . "
Knowing the impact of anchoring , you should train yourself to question your repeated behaviors .
You should also pay particular attention to the first decision in a long stream of decisions .
It may seem like it is just one decision , but that first decision may have impact on future decisions for years to come .
The bigger picture is that supply and demand are not independent ; supply - side variables like MSRP can impact willingness to pay .
Price " memory " can also have a major impact .
Doubling the price of milk and halving the price of wine would have a major short - term impact , but it 's unlikely to have a long - term impact on consumption patterns .
And if you induced amnesia about the previous prices , it might have nearly no impact at all .
Chapter 3 : The Cost of Zero Cost
Why we often pay too much when we pay nothing Zero / free is a source of irrational excitement .
This is called the " zero price effect . "
Ariely , Shampanier , and Mazar conducted an experiment using Lindt truffles and Hershey 's Kisses .
When a truffle was $ 0.15 and a Kiss was $ 0.01 , 73 % of subjects chose the truffle and 27 % the Kiss
When a truffle was $ 0.14 and a Kiss was free , 69 % chose the kiss and 31 % the truffle
According to standard economic theory , the price reduction should n't lead to any behavior change ( relative price and expected pleasure should be equal between the two experiments )
The same experiments were conducted with Kisses going for $ 0.02 , $ 0.01 , and free ... and free again made a huge difference .
Ariely 's theory is that for normal transactions , we consider both upside and downside .
But when something is free , we forget about the downside .
" Free " makes us perceive what is being offered as immensely more valuable than it really is
Humans are loss - averse ; when considering a normal purchase , loss - aversion comes into play
But when an item is free , there is no visible possibility of loss
Ariely conducted a variation , where people were offered a choice between items .
He gave kids ( and students ) 3 Kisses and offered to trade 1 Kiss for a small Snickers , and 2 Kisses for a large Snickers .
The subjects overwhelmingly chose the large Snickers ( which is rational , given the weights of the candies )
When he instead offered to trade 1 Kiss for a large Snickers , or let the person take a small Snickers for free , the subjects overwhelming went for the free offer .
The zero price effect applies even when money is not involved .
In the real world , this effect was demonstrated by Amazon 's free shipping .
After Super Saver shipping was introduced , Amazon saw sales increases everywhere except for France
It turned out that the French division offered 1 franc ( $ 0.20 ) pricing instead of free pricing .
When this was changed to free , France saw the same sales increases as elsewhere
Another real - world example : People will wait in line for absurdly long times to get something for free .
Free is one of the most powerful ways to trigger behavior Chapter 4 : The Cost of Social Norms
Why we are happy to do things , but not when we are paid to do them .
Imagine the scene if , after Thanksgiving dinner at your mother - in - law 's house , you pulled out your wallet and asked , " How much do I owe you ? "
Clark , Mills , and Fiske theorize that we live in two worlds ; one where social norms prevail , and another where market norms make the rules .
Social norms such as reciprocity are warm and fuzzy , with no explicit quid pro quo
Market norms are explicit and hard - - you get what you pay for
Example :
You can't mix social and market norms where sex is involved .
You can't wine and dine a woman and then say , " You know , this relationship is costing me a lot of money . "
As Woody Allen said , " The most expensive sex is free sex . "
Ariely and Heyman conducted the following experiment .
Subjects were asked to use a computer to drag circles from one side of the screen into a square .
They were instructed to drag as many circles as the could in 5 minutes ( Ariely notes that this is very boring ) .
The rewards given for the task were : $ 5 , $ 0.50 , and zero
$ 5 : 159 circles
$ 0.50 : 101 circles
Zero : 168 circles
Participants worked harder under non-monetary social norms than for payment !
A real - life example :
The AARP asked lawyers to participate in a program where they would offer their services to needy employees for a discounted price of $ 30 / hour .
No dice .
When the program manager instead asked if they'd offer their services for free , the lawyers overwhelmingly said they would participate .
Conclusion : Market norms drive out social norms .
The Zen example : A sensei taught a free class .
The students felt bad , and asked the master if they could pay him .
He replied that if he charged them , they could n't afford him .
To follow up on the experiment , they ran it again , this time with the rewards of a box of Godiva chocolates ( worth ~ $ 5 ) , a Snickers bar ( worth ~ $ 1 ) , and zero
$ 5 ( Godiva ) : 169 circles
$ 0.50 ( Snickers ) : 162 circles
Zero : 168 circles
Conclusion : Small gifts do n't constitute a market norm , and keep things in the social realm
One more variation :
The experimenters described the gifts as a $ 5 box of chocolates and a $ 0.50 candy bar .
The results were the same as with the cash rewards .
They reacted to explicitly priced gifts in exactly the same way they reacted to cash .
" People are willing to work free , and they are willing to work for a reasonable wage , but offer them just a small payment and they will walk away . "
Vohs , Mead , and Goode : Participants were asked to unscramble sentences that were either neutral ( " It 's cold outside " ) or related to money ( " High - paying salary " ) .
Then they were asked to solve a puzzle .
The experimenter left the room , and the subjects were allowed to go to him for help .
" Salary " participants waited 5.5 minutes to ask for help ; " neutral " participants waited only 3 minutes
Thinking about money made people more self - reliant and less willing to ask for help .
On the other hand , they were less willing to help others .
The conclusion is that thinking about money puts one in a market frame of mind .
Subjects were :
More selfish and self - reliant
Wanted to spend more time alone
Were more likely to select individual tasks rather than those that required teamwork
Chose to sit farther away from others
Gneezy and Rustichini studied the effect of fining parents who picked up their children from daycare late
Imposing a fine had long - term negative effects .
Without a fine , parents felt guilty about being late ( Ariely dryly notes , " In Israel , guilt seems to be an effective way to get compliance " ) .
Imposing a fine inadvertently replaced social norms with market norms .
Parents decided to since they were being fined , they could decide whether or not to be late , and frequently chose to be late .
A few weeks later , the day care center removed the fine , but the situation worsened .
Rather than reverting to social norms , parents now concluded that there was no penalty for tardiness .
Conclusion ?
" When a social norm collides with a market norm , the social norm goes away for a long time .
In other words , social relationships are not easy to reestablish .
Once a social norm is trumped by a market norm , it will rarely return . "
Companies that try to market based on social norms ( " like a good neighbor ... " ) but fail to follow through ( e.g. imposing nuisance fees ) end up in a worse position .
Consumers take personal offense when a relationship framed as a social exchange turns out to be a market one .
" If you 're a company , you can't have it both ways .
You can't treat your customers like family one moment and then treat them impersonally ( or worse , as a nuisance or competitor ) a moment later when this becomes more convenient or profitable .
This is not how social relationships work .
If you want a social relationship , go for it , but remember that you have to maintain it under all circumstances . "
If you think you need to play rough , do n't waste money making your company the fuzzy feel - good choice .
State what you give and what you expect in return - - it 's just business .
" If companies want to benefit from the advantages of social norms , they need to do a better job of cultivating those norms ....
It 's remarkable how much work companies ( particularly start - ups ) can get out of people when social norms ( such as the excitement of building something together ) are stronger than market norms ( such as salaries stepping up with each promotion ) .
If corporations started thinking in terms of social norms , they would realize that these norms build loyalty and -- more important -- make people want to extend themselves to the degree that corporations need today : to be flexible , concerned , and willing to pitch in .
That 's what a social relationship delivers . "
" A salary alone will not motivate people to risk their lives .
Police officers , firefighters , soldiers -- they do n't die for their weekly pay .
It 's the social norms -- pride in their profession and a sense of duty -- that will motivate them to give up their lives and health . "
" Money , as it turns out , is very often the most expensive way to motivate people .
Social norms are not only cheaper , but often more effective as well . "
Chapter 5 : The Influence of Arousal Why Hot Is Much Hotter Than We Realize Ariely and Loewenstein conducted an experiment on Berkeley undergrads ( Ariely tried to do this at MIT , but could n't get the necessary permissions ) .
They asked them a series of questions .
Then they had the undergraduates stimulate themselves to a state of sexual arousal , and asked them to answer the same set of questions .
The results show that people simply do n't realize how different their decision - making is during a state of arousal .
A few representative results
Can you imagine having sex with a 60 - year - old woman
Sober : 7 %
Aroused : 23 %
Could you enjoy having sex with someone you hated ?
Sober : 53 %
Aroused : 77 %
Is just kissing frustrating ?
Sober : 41 %
Aroused : 69 %
Would you slip a woman a drug to increase the chance she'd have sex with you ?
Sober : 5 %
Aroused : 26 %
Would you use a condom even if you were afraid that a woman might change her mind while you went to get it ?
Sober : 86 %
Aroused : 60 %
Implications
Someone may promise to just say no , but that promise is less likely to hold up during a state of arousal Chapter 6 : The Problem of Procrastination and Self - Control Why We Can't Make Ourselves Do What We Want To Do Ariely conducted an experiment on his class .
Students were required to write three papers .
Ariely asked the first group to commit to dates by which they would turn in each paper .
Late papers would be penalized 1 % per day .
There was no penalty for turning papers in early .
The logical response is to commit to turning all three papers in on the last day of class .
The second group was given no deadlines ; all three papers were due in the last day of class .
The third group was directed to turn their papers in on the 4th , 8th , and 12th weeks .
The results ?
Group 3 ( imposed deadlines ) got the best grades .
Group 2 ( no deadlines ) got the worst grades , and Group 1 ( self - selected deadlines ) finished in the middle .
Allowing students to pre-commit to deadlines improved performance
Students who spaced out their commitments did well ; students who did the logical thing and gave no commitments did badly .
" These results suggest that although almost everyone has problems with procrastination , those who recognize and admit their weakness are in a better position to utilize available tools for precommitment and by doing so , help themselves overcome it . "
" We have problems with self - control , related to immediate and delayed gratification .
But each of these problems has potential self - control mechanisms .
If we can't save from our paycheck , we can take advantage of our employer 's automatic deduction option ; if we do n't have the will to exercise regularly alone , we can make an appointment to exercise in the company of our friends .
These are tools that we can commit to in advance , and they may help us be the kind of people we want to be . "
How can these principles be used to improve health care ?
Charge a $ 100 deposit , refundable when the patient shows up on time rather than procrastinating .
Repackage procedures so that they are predictable and easily done .
Ford had issues getting customers to come in for regular maintenance .
Many of the parts needed servicing at different times , and the intervals differed by vehicle .
Then Ford noticed that Honda had lumped all service needs into one of three intervals : 6 months / 5,000 miles , 1 year / 10,000 miles , and 2 years / 25,000 miles .
It was suboptimal from an engineering standpoint , but it made it easy to tell customers when to come in .
Ford imitated Honda , and within 3 years , was achieving the same results .
Why not make comprehensive physicals simple ?
Then layer in a financial penalty for missing them .
What about a self - control credit card that let you decide in advance on certain restrictions on your spending ?
( Only $ 60 / month on entertainment ; no candy between 2 and 5 PM ) Chapter 7 : The High Price of Ownership Why We Overvalue What We Have The " endowment effect " means that when we own something , we begin to value it more than other people do .
Ariely and Carmon conducted an experiment on Duke students , who sleep out for weeks to get basketball tickets ; even those who sleep out are still subjected to a lottery at the end .
Some students get tickets , some do n't .
The students who did n't get tickets told Ariely that they'd be willing to pay up to $ 170 for tickets .
The students who did get the tickets told Ariely that they would n't accept less than $ 2,400 for their tickets .
Remember , these students were indistinguishable until some won the lottery and some lost .
There are three fundamental quirks of human nature :
We fall in love with what we already have .
We focus on what we might lose , rather than what we might gain .
When thinking about selling something , you think about all the things you 'll miss , rather than the hassles of ownership .
We assume that other people will see the transaction from the same perspective as we do .
Peculiarities of ownership :
The more work you put into something , the more ownership you begin to feel for it ( The " IKEA effect " )
We can begin to feel ownership even before we own something ( The " eBay effect " ) .
This is why trials and money - back guarantees work so well !
People hate to downgrade .
These ownership quirks apply to ideas as well as things ... which is why we end up with ideologies that no longer seem rational .
To counteract the endowment effect , try to view all transactions as a non -owner .
( Editor 's note :
This explains the efficacy of one of my favorite questions : " Assuming you had n't done X , would you still do it now ? " )
Chapter 8 : Keeping Doors Open Why Options Distract Us from Our Main Objective
In 210 BC , Xiang Yu led an army against the Ch'in Dynasty .
While his troops slept , he burned his ships and smashed all the cooking pots .
He explained to his troops that they had to either fight their way to victory or die .
His troops won 9 consecutive battles .
Eliminating options improved the focus of his troops .
We feel compelled to preserve options , even at great expense , even when it does n't make sense .
Ariely and Shin conducted an experiment on MIT students .
They devised a computer game which offered players three doors : Red , Blue , and Green .
You started with 100 clicks .
You clicked to enter a room .
Once in a room , each click netted you between 1 - 10 cents .
You could also switch rooms ( at the cost of a click ) .
The rooms were programmed to provide different levels of rewards ( there was variation within each room 's payoffs , but it was pretty easy to tell which one provided the best payout ) .
Players tended to try all three rooms , figure out which one had the highest payout , and then spend all their time there .
( These are MIT students we 're talking about ) .
Then , however , Ariely introduced a new wrinkle :
Any door left unvisited for 12 clicks would disappear forever .
With each click , the unclicked doors shrank by 1/12th .
Players jumped from door to door , trying to keep their options open .
They made 15 % less money ; in fact , by choosing any of the doors and sticking with it , they could have made more money .
Ariely increased the cost of opening a door to 3 cents ; no change -- players still seemed compelled to keeping their options open .
Ariely told participants the exact monetary payoff of each door ; no change .
Ariely allowed participants as many practice runs as they wanted before the actual experiment ; no change .
Ariely changed the rules so that any door could be " reincarnated " with a single click ; no change .
" Players just could n't tolerate the idea of the loss , and so they did whatever was necessary to prevent their doors from closing , even though disappearance had no real consequences and could be easily reversed . "
" What we need to do is to consciously start closing some of our doors .... We ought to shut them because they draw energy and commitment from the doors that should be left open -- and because they drive us crazy . "
Even when you get down to two doors , choosing is still difficult .
" Choosing between two things that are similarly attractive is one of the most difficult decisions we can make . "
When we focus on the similarities and minor differences between two things , we fail to take into account the consequences of not deciding .
Flip a coin and move on .
Editor 's note :
This particular irrationality is covered well in " The Paradox of Choice " ( alas , no outline yet ) .
Chapter 9 : The Effect of Expectations Why The Mind Gets What It Expects Previously held expectations can cloud our point of view .
Ariely , Lee , and Frederick conducted yet another experiment on MIT students .
They let students taste two different beers , and then choose to get a free pint of one of the brews .
Brew A was Budweiser .
Brew B was Budweiser , plus 2 drops of balsamic vinegar per ounce .
When students were not told about the nature of the beers , they overwhelmingly chose the balsamic beer .
When students were told about the true nature of the beers , they overwhelmingly chose the Budweiser .
If you tell people up front that something might be distasteful , the odds are good they 'll end up agreeing with you -- because of their expectations .
Ariely , Ofek , and Bertini then conducted another experiment , this time on Sloan students .
They offered students a free cup of coffee and asked them to indicate how much they liked the coffee , and how much they'd be willing to pay for it .
They also set out a table of condiments , some usual , some unusual ( cloves , nutmeg , cardamom , etc. ) .
None of the students used the unusual condiments .
When the condiments served in fancy containers ( versus white Styrofoam cups ) , the students were much more likely to say that they liked the coffee , and were willing to pay more for it .
" When the coffee ambience looked upscale , the coffee tasted upscale as well . "
When we believe something will be good , it generally will be good , and when we think it will be bad , it will be bad .
But does finding out the truth after the experience change one 's mind ?
Ariely conducted the beer experiment again , but with a twist .
The students would taste the beer first .
Only then they would be told the truth .
And after that , they would be asked their opinions .
If the knowledge merely informs us , whether you found out about the vinegar before or after the tasting should be irrelevant .
On the other hand , if the knowledge actually reshapes sensory experiences , being told beforehand would have a radically different effect .
People who were told afterwards about the vinegar liked the beer just as much as those who were n't aware of the vinegar at all .
In other words , knowledge affected the sensory experience .
And people followed through on their opinion ; when participants were given the opportunity to add vinegar to a free beer afterwards , those who learned of the vinegar after their tasting were much more likely to add vinegar to their free beer .
How can you use this knowledge ?
Caterers can use exotic descriptions to improve the perceived taste of their food .
Exotic ingredients like chipotle - mango sauce may not improve the food in a blind taste test , but they can enhance the taste by raising expectations .
Similarly , buy takeout food and then arrange it artistically on fancy china .
The same holds true for wineglasses -- blind taste tests show that wine glass shape has zero impact on taste , but the knowledge can enhance the experiment .
This is why Pepsi wins in blind taste tests , but Coke wins when the brands are shown .
When a person drinks Coke or Pepsi , the ventromedial prefrontal cortex ( VMPFC ) was stimulated .
When a person knew they were about to get a drink of Coke , the dorsolateral aspect of the prefrontal cortex ( DLPFC ) , an area involved in higher - order brain functions , was also activated .
The Coke brand was able enhance activity in the brain 's pleasure center , actually changing the experience of drinking Coke .
Stereotypes
Not only do we react differently based on stereotypes of others , we react differently based on stereotypes about ourselves .
Shin , Pittinsky , and Ambady conducted an experiment on Asian - American women .
A first group was asked questions related to their gender , then given a math test .
A second group was asked questions related to their race , then given a math test .
The second group did better on the math test than the first .
Bargh , Chen , and Burrows had participants complete a scrambled - sentence task .
For some , the task involved words like " aggressive " and " rude . "
For others , the words were " considerate " and " polite . "
They then went to another lab to complete a second task .
There , they would find the experimenter trying to explain the task to a seemingly uncomprehending participant ( actually a confederate ) .
The polite word group waited 9.3 minutes before they interrupted .
The rude word group waited only 5.5 minutes before interrupting
Another experiment primed NYU undergrads with words like " Florida " , " bingo , " and " ancient . "
These people walked more slowly when leaving the building than a control group .
Policy implications for conflicts between groups " Blind " presentation of the facts ( presenting the facts , but not revealing which party took which actions ) might help people better recognize the truth .
We can try using a neutral third party to set down rules and regulations
Editor 's Note :
This ties in nicely with one of my favorite persuasive tactics -- reframing a decision in different but logically equivalent terms .
If a person is being irrational , I give them a what - if that recasts them or a group they identify with as the party being harmed ... if they have a shred of self - awareness , this usually helps them understand how their prejudices are clouding their judgment .
Chapter 10 : The Power of Price Why a 50 - Cent Aspirin Can Do What A Penny Aspirin Can't
The placebo effect is well - known and real .
It 's not just a matter of fooling oneself ; placebos can actually trigger endorphins and opiates and other biological reactions that actually change body and experience .
What is interesting , however , is that price has an impact on efficacy .
Ariely , Waber , Shiv , and Carmon made up a fake painkiller , Veladone - Rx .
An attractive woman in a business suit ( with a faint Russian accent ) told subjects that 92 % of patients receiving VR reported significant pain relief in 10 minutes , with relief lasting up to 8 hours .
When told that the drug cost $ 2.50 per dose , nearly all of the subjects reported pain relief .
When told that the drug cost $ 0.10 per dose , only half of the subjects reported pain relief .
The more pain a person experienced , the more pronounced the effect .
A similar study at U Iowa showed that students who paid list price for cold medications reported better medical outcomes than those who bought discount ( but clinically identical ) drugs .
A further study on SoBe Adrenalin Rush showed that students at the gym reported less fatigue when told that the drink was more expensive .
And this was n't just self - perception .
Ariely gave the subjects a 15 - question puzzle as well .
The control group that did n't drink SoBe got 9/15 correct
The " expensive " group got 9/15 correct
The " discount " group got 6.5/15 correct
One more variation : Ariely printed " Drinks such as SoBe have been shown to improve mental functioning " on the cover of the quiz booklet , and referred to 50 scientific studies showing its efficacy .
The " discount " group improved their score by 0.6
The " expensive " group improved their score by 3.3 ... in other words , they did better than the control group !
The effect declined when subjects were asked to stop and reflect on the relationship between price and quality .
They were far less likely to assume that discounted drinks were less effective .
Chapter 11 : The Context of Our Character , Part 1 Why We Are Dishonest , and What We Can Do About It Ariely conducted an experiment on Harvard students .
He gave students a 50 - question , multiple - choice quiz .
They would take the quiz , then transfer the answers to a Scantron sheet .
The students received $ 0.10 for each correct answer .
The results were as follows : Proctor does the scoring of the quiz and hands out the reward ( control group )
32.6/50
Correct answers to the quiz pre-marked on the Scantron , students give both workbook and Scantron to proctor
36.2/50 ( cheating = 3.6 questions )
Correct answers to the quiz pre-marked on the Scantron , students shred their workbook and give Scantron to proctor
35.9/50
Correct answers to the quiz pre-marked on the Scantron , students instructed to destroy both workbook and Scantron .
When done , students directed to go to front of room , and take the amount of money they had earned from a jar , with no supervision
36.1/50
Conclusions
Given the opportunity , many honest people will cheat ( similar experiments were conducted at MIT , Princeton , UCLA , and Yale with similar results , so it 's not just that Harvard students are crooks ) .
Once tempted to cheat , students did n't seem to be influenced by the risk of getting caught ; even when we have no chance of getting caught , we still do n't become wildly dishonest .
" We care about honesty and want to be honest .
The problem is that our internal honesty monitor is active only when we contemplate big transgressions , like grabbing an entire box of pens .
For little transgressions like taking a single pen , we do n't even consider how these actions would reflect on our honesty . "
One more variation : Nina , On , and Ariely conducted a similar experiment .
But , one group was asked to write down 10 books they had read in high school , and the other group was asked to try to recall and write down the 10 Commandments .
When cheating was not possible , the average score was 3.1
When cheating was possible , the book group reported a score of 4.1 ( 33 % cheating )
When cheating was possible , the 10 Commandments group scored 3.1 ( 0 % cheating )
And most of the subjects could n't even recall all of the commandments !
Even those who could only remember 1 or 2 commandments were nearly as honest .
" This indicated that it was not the Commandments themselves that encouraged honesty , but the mere contemplation of a moral benchmark of some kind . "
Perhaps we can have people sign secular statements -- similar to a professional oath -- to remind us of our commitment to honesty .
So Ariely had students sign a statement on the answer sheet : " I understand that this study falls under the MIT honor system . "
Those who signed did n't cheat .
Those who did n't see the statement showed 84 % cheating .
" The effect of signing a statement about an honor code is particularly amazing because MIT does n't even have an honor code . "
Chapter 12 : The Context of Our Character , Part 2 Why Dealing With Cash Makes Us More Honest Ariely conducted an experiment on MIT 's communal refrigerators .
When he slipped in a 6 - pack of Coke , all the Cokes had vanished within 72 hours
When he left a plate containing 6 $ 1 bills , no one * ever * took any of the money
Would you feel bad about taking a pen for you child ?
How about taking $ 0.10 from petty cash to pay for a pen for your child ?
The two are economically identical , but get very different reactions .
" Cheating is a lot easier when it 's a step removed from money . "
Ariely returned to the honesty tests , but with a twist : Students told the proctor their score .
The proctor gave them tokens .
The students would then walk to another experimenter and trade the tokens for cash .
The control group solved 3.5 questions
The cash group claimed to have solved 6.2 questions ... definite cheating
Of 2,000 participants , only 4 went for total cheating -- claiming to have solved every problem
The token group claimed to have solved 9.4 problems ... brazen dishonesty
Switching from cash to an equivalent non-monetary currency doubled cheating !
Of the token group , 24/150 participants cheated all the way .
We have no idea how dishonest we are Students predicted that they would be no more likely to cheat with tokens than cash ... they were completely wrong .
People who have their assistants turn in their expense reports ( rather than turning them in personally ) are much more likely to cheat .
Businesspeople are more likely to claim dubious expenses when they are traveling across the country than when they are in their home city , or even just returning from the airport .
Overall , cheating is not limited by risk ; it is limited by our ability to rationalize the cheating to ourselves .
Chapter 13 : Beer and Free Lunches What Is Behavioral Economics , and Where Are the Free Lunches ?
Experiment 1 : Beer ordering .
A group of 4 is offered a choice of 4 different beers .
When people order out loud , and in sequence , they order more types of beer per table , opting for variety
Those who made their choices out loud were not as happy with their selections than those who made their choices privately , EXCEPT that the first person to order was just as happy as private choosers ( since his situation was logically equivalent )
Why did this occur ?
" People are sometimes willing to sacrifice the pleasure they get from an experience in order to project a certain image to others ... People , particularly those with a high need for uniqueness , may sacrifice personal utility in order to gain reputational utility . "
In Hong Kong , in a culture that values conformity rather than uniqueness , the similar but opposite effect occurred .
People ordered the same order as the people ordering before them .
They were still unhappy , but they made their choice to avoid uniqueness , rather than to seek it out .
Implications :
Plan out your order before your waiter approaches , and stick to it .
Do n't be swayed by what other people choose .
" We are all far less rational in our decisionmaking than standard economic theory assumes .
Our irrational behaviors are neither random nor senseless -- they are systematic and predictable .
So would n't economics make a lot more sense if it were based on how people actually behave ?
That simple idea is the basis of behavioral economics . "
There are " free lunches " available by eliminating predictably irrational behaviors
Getting employees to pre-commit to using raises to increase 401k contributions raised the savings rate from 3.5 % to 13.5 % over a few years .
Predictably Irrational Tip :
To turn text into a link , highlight the text , then click on a page or file from the list above .
Printable version
This is Origami ,
it 's unbelievable !
Origami Spring is invented by British Jeff Beynon .
How to make
You may prepare A4 size copy paper ( or more thin ) .
Cut off an upper quater , divide into 12 equal parts vertically , divide into 6 equal parts horizontally .
Fold and make creases as illustrated above , horizontal and vertical creases are mountain creases , and diagonals in little rectangles are valley creases .
Then fold as described below .
completed 1/6
completed 2/6
completed 5/6
completion !
