Six months ago , California ’s highest court discarded its reputation for caution and ended the state ’s ban on same - sex marriage .
Now the moderately conservative state Supreme Court is being asked to take an even riskier step -- to overturn the November voter initiative that reinstated the gay - marriage ban and possibly provoke a voter revolt that could eject one or more of the justices from the bench .
The court is under intense pressure from all sides .
Its first response to the challenges may come today , when the justices meet privately in a weekly conference to decide which cases to accept for review .
Legal scholars say case law does not give the court a clear path for overturning the voter - approved measure .
The state high court -- six Republicans and one moderate Democrat -- generally defers to the will of the people .
Only twice has the court rejected initiatives on the legal grounds cited by opponents of Proposition 8 .
Advertisement
Despite the uncertainties , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has said publicly that he expects and hopes that the state high court will reject Proposition 8 .
Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown , whose office must defend it , opposed the measure , and 44 legislators have called on the court to overturn it .
Civil rights groups , churches and local governments have filed six lawsuits asking the court to declare the measure an illegal constitutional revision .
Letters also have poured into the court pleading for urgent action , and anti-Proposition 8 rallies have attracted large crowds statewide .
At the same time , opponents of gay marriage have warned that they will work to oust any justice who votes against Proposition 8 , a threat particularly palpable in a year when voters in other states have booted six state high court justices after campaigns by special interest groups .
Advertisement
“ It is a time of lots of crocodiles in the bathtub , ” said Santa Clara University law professor Gerald Uelmen , who has followed the court for decades .
“ Their oath requires them to ignore these kinds of political threats .
But the threat of having to face a contested election is a significant one . ”
Uelmen was using a metaphor coined by the late California Supreme Court Justice Otto Kaus , a Democrat who served on the court with Chief Justice Rose Bird before voters removed her and two justices over their opposition to the death penalty .
Kaus later said that as hard as he tried to decide cases impartially , he was never sure whether the threat of a recall election was influencing his votes .
“ It was like finding a crocodile in your bathtub when you go to shave in the morning , ” Kaus said .
“ You know it ’s there , and you try not to think about it , but it ’s hard to think about much else while you ’re shaving . ”
Advertisement
The current court has resisted outside pressure .
Despite threats of a recall , four justices in 1997 voted to overturn a state law that required parental consent for teenagers to obtain abortions .
The ruling prompted a campaign to unseat Chief Justice Ronald M. George and Associate Justice Ming W. Chin .
Both were forced to raise money and mount campaigns but survived handily .
The official Proposition 8 campaign has discouraged supporters from threatening a recall while the court is considering lawsuits to overturn the measure .
“ We think the discussion of a recall at this point is premature and not helpful to the current situation , ” said Andrew Pugno , a lawyer for the campaign .
“ The court should have a chance to do the right thing . ”
But if the court voted to overturn Proposition 8 , “ no one would be able to stop ” a recall , he said .
Advertisement
With the state and backers of Proposition 8 joining opponents in asking for immediate review , the court will find it difficult to dismiss the suits without a hearing or without referring them to lower courts .
A decision to review the cases , however , would not necessarily mean that the court was in favor of the challenges .
The issue before the court is technical : whether Proposition 8 amounted to a sweeping revision of the state Constitution , which can be put on the ballot only by a two - thirds vote of the Legislature or a constitutional convention , or whether it was a more limited amendment , as its backers contended .
Proposition 8 reached the ballot after a petition drive .
The court has defined a revision as a change in the fundamental structure or foundational power of state government or one that makes “ far - reaching changes in the nature of our basic governmental plan . ”
Courts in Oregon and Alaska have rejected revision arguments in upholding anti-gay - marriage amendments , and the California Supreme Court has dismissed them in at least six challenges of initiatives , including measures that reinstated the death penalty , changed tax law ( Proposition 13 ) and imposed term limits .
Advertisement
In 1948 , the court overturned an initiative as an illegal revision because it made a wide array of changes in the state Constitution .
And in 1990 , the court struck down another initiative that would have required the courts to apply federal law when determining the rights of criminal defendants .
Opponents of Proposition 8 contend that the measure is a constitutional revision because it prohibits California courts from exercising their core duties to protect the rights of a minority and eviscerates equal protection for a constitutionally protected class of people .
If Proposition 8 is upheld , “ California courts would be rendered powerless to enforce the guarantee of equal protection for a historically stigmatized and disadvantaged minority , ” said one of the lawsuits , brought by the National Center for Lesbian Rights and other groups .
Some of the petitioners have urged the court to consider a hypothetical constitutional amendment that reinstated a ban on interracial marriage .
The state high court struck down such a ban on federal grounds in 1948 and today ’s court cited it in overturning the first gay - marriage ban in May .
Advertisement
But Proposition 8 ’s Pugno said voters could indeed resurrect a ban on mixed - race marriages if the issue had been decided purely on state constitutional grounds .
The revision challenge “ is a very creative argument , but it really demonstrates they do n’t have anything left to challenge this , ” Pugno said .
“ It ’s really a long shot .
Case after case has challenged what voters have done and the court time after time has upheld the people ’s power . ”
He contended that gay rights lawyers resorted to the revision argument because they wanted to keep the cases out of federal court .
If the lawsuits had cited federal constitutional grounds for overturning Proposition 8 , they could eventually have reached the U.S. Supreme Court .
Gay rights lawyers , fearful that a high court defeat on same - sex marriage would set the movement back decades , have urged supporters to stay out of federal court .
Advertisement
Some legal scholars also have expressed doubt that the California Supreme Court would rule in favor of the challengers , but 19 law professors , including Harvard ’s Laurence Tribe , a constitutional scholar , have urged the court to strike down the measure as an illegal revision .
In deciding whether to review the lawsuits , the California Supreme Court also could take up the question of the validity of same - sex marriages entered into before the election .
Whatever the court decides , its historic May marriage decision will continue to be influential .
It elevated sexual orientation to the constitutional status of race and gender , a ruling that voters did not overturn .
“ I do n’t believe this is a court that is going to give in to political pressure either way , ” said Hastings law professor Donna Ryu , who wrote the law professors ’ letter to the court .
“ I believe they will exercise their duty as the highest judicial officers of the state . ”
Advertisement
--
maura.dolan@latimes.com
Revealed : The ' other woman ' in Second Life divorce ... who 's now engaged to the web cheat she 's never met
The new fiancee of Second Life love rat David Pollard , whose marriage crumbled when his wife caught him ' having online sex with her ' , was unmasked today - and denied the pair had had a cyber - affair .
Linda Brinkley , 55 , known on the multi-player online game as Modesty McDonnell , revealed that since her online fling with David Pollard the couple had become engaged in real life .
But Miss Brinkley today denied that her internet love affair with Mr Pollard had led to the break - up of the 40 - year - old 's marriage to ex-wife Amy Taylor .
When their computer - generated selves clapped eyes on each other , she said , it was ' love at first sight ' .
But she claimed they weer only friends until David split with his wife .
The other woman : Linda Brinkley , now aged 55 , and her avatar Modesty McDonnell
Miss Brinkley fell for David after her online character Modesty McDonnell began working as a hostess in the nightclub he runs on the web - based reality game .
Their bond in the game is now so strong that they have become engaged in real life - despite never having met outside the computer - generated world .
In the Second Life world players adopt a new identity and can move around , work and socialise in a computer - generated environment .
Miss Brinkley , of Arkansas , USA , said : ' When we first met it was at a fancy dress night on the game and he noticed me across the room and said he felt something special .
Happily married in Second Life : Modesty McDonnell ( Linda Brinkley ) and Dave Barmy ( David Pollard ) , who are also engaged in real life
' I felt it too so it really was like love at first sight .
It was kind of strange at first because I never thought anything like this would happen to me .
' But we gradually built up our relationship and got closer until he proposed to me online for real .
I was surprised but part of me knew it was coming and of course I said yes .
' He 's told me that his relationship with his wife was over way before I came along and he 's been very honest with me so I take his word for that .
' We 've never met in real life but we 've got each other 's pictures .
I 'm really nervous about meeting him but at the same time I 'm looking forward to it more than you could know .
' It 's amazing that we 've found each other across so many miles and we love each other very much .
It 's my dream to finally to meet up with him and it's all because of the game . '
David and Amy in their real life wedding and their online Second Life wedding , before their marriage crumbled
David was dumped by first wife Amy after she allegedly caught his character Dave Barmy cheating with Modesty McDonnell , who she claimed was a prostitute .
But Modesty insists her avatar is a ' hostess ' in Dave 's online nightclub ' Holodeck ' .
In the game their characters married after a whirlwind romance at a small ceremony attended by just seven guests .
Just weeks later David , of Newquay , Cornwall , proposed to Linda for a second time and the pair now plan to marry for real .
Amy Pollard , left , and her online character Laura Skye .
Amy has filed for divorce after she caught her husband Dave having a ' virtual ' affair online with a computer - generated female character
David Pollard , left , and his Second Life character Dave Barmy , as he prepares to get married
Linda , who has four children from two previous marriages , only started playing Second Life a month before meeting Dave so she could stay in touch with her sister .
She added : ' I would say I 'm in love with Dave .
I 've been married in real life before but they were n't really good relationships and I have n't had much luck with men until now .
' I chat to him on the phone over the internet for at least two hours every night .
We are always together .
The only thing stopping us meeting is the distance and the money but we have exactly the same goals in life .
Linda , a former special needs carer , is currently unemployed but intends to take an online degree in Religious Studies and hopes to work as a missionary .
She has three children aged 35 , 33 and 30 from her first marriage and another son aged 15 from her second marriage .
David also insists he and Linda were only ' hanging out ' together in Second Life and never indulged in cyber - sex before his real marriage to Amy was over .
' We were n't even having cyber sex or anything like that we were just chatting and hanging out together , " he said .
Leggy : Linda Brinkley and ( below ) her ' hostess ' Second Life persona
' It was nothing really major but then Amy found out about it and went mad I do n't think I was really doing anything wrong . '
Yesterday it was revealed that David and Amy had met while playing the game before marrying in real life .
But while the internet brought them together , it eventually tore them apart .
One day , Miss Taylor , 28 , found Mr Pollard at the computer - watching his avatar having sex with a prostitute in Second Life .
She said : ' I went mad - I was so hurt .
I just could n't believe what he 'd done .
' I looked at the computer screen and could see his character having sex with a female character .
It 's cheating as far as I 'm concerned .
' But he did n't see it as a problem , and could n't see why I was so upset .
' He said I was just making a big fuss and tried to make out it was my fault for not giving him enough attention . '
Using the virtual world 's own special currency , she hired an online private detective to investigate his adultery .
However , back in their real lives , the Pollards managed to patch things up .
But then in April this year Mrs Taylor caught her husband 's avatar in another compromising position .
She claims he was having ' cybersex ' with a female player in the U.S. - chatting intimately in the virtual world .
Although Mr Pollard and the woman had never even met outside the game , Miss Taylor said that she was devastated by what she considered to be his very real betrayal .
She said : ' I caught him cuddling a woman on a sofa in the game .
It looked really affectionate .
' He turned off the computer monitor and I turned it back on and demanded to look at his chat history .
' But he turned off the computer so the history was all deleted - and I ended up going off in floods of tears .
' He confessed he'd been talking to this woman player in America for one or two weeks , and said our marriage was over and he did n't love me any more , and we should never have got married . '
The next day , Miss Taylor went to a solicitor to file for divorce from her 40 - year - old husband of three years on the grounds of ' unreasonable behaviour ' .
Luckily , she now has a new man in her life - whom she met while playing the internet fantasy role - playing game World Of Warcraft .
From her home in Newquay , Cornwall , she said yesterday : ' It has been a very difficult time for me .
I am now just trying to move on with my life .
People find love in lots of different ways .
Ours was a very serious marriage .
' It may have started online but it existed entirely in the real world and it hurts just as much now it is over . '
She added : ' His was the ultimate betrayal and I felt absolutely terrible .
' I know it sounds bizarre but he had admitted to an earlier incident and he knew how I felt about it . '
Miss Taylor said : ' I still go online and play Second Life but not as much .
There 's still a chance I could bump into him on there .
' I have met somebody new and we are living together .
I am very happy .
I know it all sounds pretty strange - but it works for me . '
Her ex-husband , who would only speak to the Mail through his character on Second Life , said yesterday : ' I do n't think I was really doing anything wrong . '
And he claimed that the problem was not Second Life , but his real life relationship with Miss Taylor .
' Amy never did anything around the house , ' said Mr Pollard .
' She just played World of Warcraft all the time .
' If I wanted to spend time with her I had to ask - but it was always too much trouble for her to come off the game to spend time with me . '
Nov. 4 , 2008 -- Nicotinamide , a form of the vitamin B3 , may help Alzheimer 's patients retain their memory , a study shows .
The study was conducted on mice , not people .
But clinical trials on humans are under way .
Researchers from the University of California , Irvine dissolved nicotinamide in drinking water and fed it to mice with Alzheimer's .
The researchers found that nicotinamide prevented mental deficits in mice with Alzheimer's .
It also seemed to improve short - term memory of mice without Alzheimer's .
The study was published in the Journal of Neuroscience .
Nicotinamide may help Alzheimer 's in mice by affecting the protein which makes up one of the lesions that is characteristic of Alzheimer 's disease .
Nicotinamide also helped with the stability of microtubules , the scaffolding within brain cells along which signals travel .
" Nicotinamide prevents loss of cognition in mice with Alzheimer 's disease , and the beauty of it is we already are moving forward with a clinical trial , " says researcher Kim Green , a scientist at University of California , Irvine , in a news release .
Solvay , NY --
His mother had been laid to rest for less than five hours this week when Rich Hayes , 16 , got a visit from her landlord .
Get your stuff and get out , the landlord said .
Ronald Reid , owner of the rental property at 901 Second St. in Solvay , called the police on Tuesday -- the day of Kim Cavallo 's burial in Woodlawn Cemetery .
The Solvay officer who responded , Sgt. Curt Francemone , was stunned to hear that a landlord wanted to remove a teenage boy from his home on the day of his mother 's funeral .
" I pulled up and the landlord said , ' I want him arrested for trespassing , ' " Francemone said .
" I go , ' No , it does n't work that way . ' "
Hayes said he and his mother had lived in the home for the past year .
His father died six years ago .
Hayes said he'd been home from the funeral for about 20 minutes Tuesday afternoon when Reid showed up .
Reid said he wanted Hayes out because he was an unsupervised minor who'd brought in a large amount of beer with his friends , and they 'd broken windows .
Reid denied asking police to arrest Hayes .
Hayes said his aunt stayed with him at night after his mother died .
He said he had a couple of beers the day of the funeral and denies breaking any windows .
Even if Reid 's scenario were accurate , he could 've waited a day , Hayes said .
" They bury her and this guy starts on her son , " said Francemone , the police sergeant .
" It was completely in bad taste . "
Cavallo , 39 , died of a heart attack about 9 a.m. July 31 at St. Joseph's Hospital Health Center , where she 'd been transported the day before because she was threatening to kill herself .
Cavallo had suffered mental health problems for five years , her son said .
Hayes got the news of her death around noon that day .
Reid was at his door within two hours , Hayes said .
" I 'm sorry for your loss , but we got to get this on the go , " Reid said , according to Hayes .
" I need new tenants .
You got 24 hours or else I 'm gonna have you arrested . "
Reid , 46 , said he did n't visit Hayes until the day after Cavallo 's death .
He said he wanted Hayes out of the apartment because he was a minor living without adult supervision .
Hayes ' aunt said she would stay with him , but she never did , Reid said .
Cavallo 's lease expired at the end of July , Reid said .
He said he told her July 1 that he was not going to renew it and that he wanted her out by Aug .
1 . She was always on time with her rent , but Reid said he was tired of hearing complaints from neighbors about loud fighting between her and her son , he said .
Hayes said Reid never told Cavallo she had to leave by Aug .
1 . They agreed to a month - to - month rental when the lease expired , he said .
State law requires landlords to give their tenants a full term 's notice before they evict them , according to Ronald Van Norstrand , a lawyer who represents the Fair Housing Council .
In this case , the term was a month .
And to evict a tenant , the landlord has to go through the process of obtaining an eviction order , said Van Norstrand , who for years handled landlord - tenant disputes for Legal Services of Central New York .
Reid initially told police that night that he had an eviction order , Francemone said .
Then Reid changed his story and said he had no such order , Francemone said .
Reid , who owns 16 rental properties in Onondaga County , said he felt bad about kicking Hayes out on the day of his mother 's funeral .
" To this day , I 'm still bothered by it , " he said .
" But the thing is , they made it into a party out there .
Windows were getting broken .
There were 16 - year - old kids being left alone and they were drinking . "
Even if he did find the house full of drunken teens , Reid would 've had to get an eviction order , Van Norstrand said .
" There are no grounds for automatic eviction , " he said .
Reid helped Hayes get the contents of the home to a storage facility in Mattydale .
" I was a nice enough guy to move him in my truck and trailer , " Reid said .
Francemone did n't consider it an eviction because Hayes agreed to leave and remove his belongings , Francemone said .
Agreeing to leave does n't make it any less an eviction , Van Norstrand said .
The police could 've charged the landlord with trespassing for being in the apartment without permission , Van Norstrand said .
Hayes has been living with a cousin down the street since his eviction .
His friends were asking Reid that night if he was aware that Hayes ' mother had been buried that same day .
" You 'd say it to him , but it was like talking to a brick wall , " said Rick Worden , Cavallo 's former boyfriend .
" He never would give you a response . "
Enlarge By AJ Mast for USA TODAY Pamela Warren , left , and Betsy Ware volunteer to set up a website for the Obama group in Bloomington , Ind.
BARACK OBAMA'S HISTORIC RUN BARACK OBAMA'S HISTORIC RUN USA TODAY 's sights and sounds gallery puts together images and audio marking the Democrat 's historic run to the White House .
Now what ?
That 's the question for millions of volunteers who worked to elect Barack Obama — and for the organization that mobilized them .
Through innovative use of online social networks , the Obama campaign ended up with more than 2 million registered users on its MyBarackObama.com website .
That database , plus the millions more e-mail addresses the campaign collected through events and fundraising , could be a valuable resource for the Obama administration .
The Obama transition team and the remaining campaign organization are keeping in touch with volunteers online , soliciting their opinions about their campaign experiences , asking volunteers to share war stories , and inviting them to write about their " vision " for the country .
The campaign and transition websites this week asked visitors to click on a link to donate to victims of California wildfires — resulting in more than 100,000 hits .
Campaign manager David Plouffe this week sent an e-mail survey to those registered with the campaign website , asking how people want to remain involved and what issues they care about .
Keeping Obama supporters engaged and active through the Obama transition website change.gov is " our first priority , " transition spokesperson Jen Psaki says .
In both groups , teams are developing new online efforts to keep Obama supporters active .
Legal firewalls between government and political campaigns mean the volunteer database can't be handed over wholesale to the Obama White House .
" It 's only been two weeks since the election and this is something no one 's ever done before .
So I think what we 're seeing is the natural evolution of sorting that out , " says Micah Sifry , founder of Personal Democracy Forum , a website about technology and politics .
The network could be a powerful tool , says Dana Fisher , a Columbia University sociologist who studies grass - roots politics .
" If they need people to go and call their representatives , this is a wonderful resource for this administration .
But it depends on how much people stay involved . "
BEHIND THE RESULTS : Time lapse view of U.S. counties from Nov. 4
During the campaign , Obama supporters used the site they call " MyBo " to find each other , organize canvassing and fundraisers , blog , chat and argue .
Now , they 're using it to celebrate and plan what they want to do next : • In Georgia , Obama volunteers are making phone calls for Democratic Senate candidate Jim Martin , who is in a Dec. 2 runoff against Republican incumbent Saxby Chambliss .
•
In Indiana , a group of Obama volunteers met Wednesday to plan a food - pantry drive .
" It 's easy to see that this ( economic downturn ) is going to be a very serious long - term problem , " says Pam Warren , who organized the meeting in Bloomington , Ind .
" Until we get marching orders from President - elect Obama — I love saying that — we figured we have already been taught to take care of ourselves . " •
In northern Virginia , 80 volunteers have signed up for a pizza party and organizing meeting on Saturday .
" There 's no doubt that there 's a lot of potential for doing more down the road , " organizer Todd Smyth says .
If Obama needs support for an issue , " he 'll turn back to the grass - roots group and get them to help push it through .
I think people would be excited at the drop of a hat to get involved again . "
•
In Pennsylvania , local Democrats are wooing Obama volunteers to get involved in regular party politics .
In Bucks County , where the local MyBarackObama Web page has nearly 700 members , county Democrats are holding a meeting Saturday .
" We want to harness as many of those people as possible , " says Neil Samuels , deputy county chairman .
" A local township race is not going to give them the same high .
But it can make a difference in people 's lives . "
•
In Colorado , Douglas County Democrats are strategizing to hang on to about 500 local Obama campaigners .
" I thought I would never have to make another phone call after the election , but I have literally been on the phone calling several hundred people " to thank them and invite them to Democratic meetings , says party captain Sue Zloth .
The problem for local political parties is that Obama appealed explicitly to people turned off by traditional politics .
" These are not party politicos , " says Robert Nemanich , an Obama volunteer in Colorado Springs , who organized a meeting Tuesday to discuss future activism .
" That 's why they liked Obama .
I 'm trying to light the match saying , you do n't have to go in to just that route .
We can have our own route here . "
Obama volunteers want to remain active in part just to stay in touch with friends made during the long campaign .
" We had a volunteer headquarters that we all pretty much lived in , " says Liz Lempert , who co-chaired an Obama group in Princeton , N.J. , that will meet next week .
" Moving out of that office is really hard .
People just want to keep those ties together . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The bomber in Baghdad al - Jadida blew himself up by the roadside Suicide bombers have struck near two Shia mosques in Baghdad , killing at least 20 people and wounding another 54 , Iraqi security officials have said .
The attacks came as worshippers left the mosques after prayers for Eid al - Fitr , marking the end of Ramadan .
Ten people died in a suicide bombing in the Zafaraniya district , while another 10 were killed in Baghdad al - Jadida .
Six other people from one family died when gunmen opened fire on a minibus in Baquba , north of Baghdad , police said .
The victims - the minibus driver , three women and two five - year - old children - were all Sunnis in an area of Diyala province where the Shia Mehdi Army has strong support , says the BBC's Hugh Sykes in Baghdad .
Government officials had warned that militants might launch attacks around the time of Ramadan , one of the most important festivals in the Muslim calendar .
Checkpoint
In the Baghdad district of Zafaraniya , the suicide bomber drove his explosives - filled car into an Iraq military armoured vehicle at a checkpoint near a mosque , killing at least 10 people and wounding 28 others .
One witness told the Associated Press news agency that he saw a white car speed toward the mosque and then heard a huge explosion that sparked a fire and heavy smoke .
In pictures : Twin bombings Ammar Hashim , 25 , rushed to the site and saw " dead and burned bodies and many injured people crying out in pain " .
" Pools of blood and the smell of burned flesh was everywhere and I saw a man of about 70 bleeding and lying on the ground from injuries , " he said .
A Reuters cameraman at the scene described seeing a leg and other body parts more than 100 m ( 328 ft ) from the centre of the blast .
In Baghdad al - Jadida , the teenaged suicide bomber detonated his explosives belt as worshippers were leaving the nearby al - Rasul mosque , killing at least 10 and injuring 26 .
" The appalling use of a teenager as a suicide bomber shows how monstrous [ al - Qaeda in Iraq is , " US military spokesman Lt - Col Steven Stover said , referring to the Sunni Islamist militant group frequently blamed for sectarian attacks .
At least 32 people were killed and more than 100 injured in a string of bomb attacks in Baghdad on Sunday , which targeted people shopping before the beginning of the Eid al - Fitr holiday .
The Iraqi army has said that violence in the capital has spiked in the past few weeks .
However , violence has reduced sharply this year .
Last month , 359 civilians were killed , while in September 2007 , 884 died .
It is better but it is still not good , our correspondent says .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
This is a guest post by Robert Barr of BlabrMouth .
The scene : a nondescript office campus in the Seattle suburbs .
It ’s long past midnight but headlights from a late night coffee run enter the parking lot while assistants and interns scramble about inside .
In a large conference room that appears to have been the scene of many a recent strategy session , pizza boxes and Starbucks cups overflow a single trashcan in the corner of the room .
The whiteboard is littered with numbers so large and formulas so complex that a team from NASA will be needed to calculate the totals .
A few remaining people surround the conference table while one man stands at the head and listens to each point and counter - point .
If you guessed the company in question is Starbucks trying to figure out a way to sell us $ 4 lattes again , you ’re wrong .
The coffee run should have been a clue .
If however , you said Microsoft , then you are correct .
But what ’s keeping Steve Ballmer up on this night ?
Select from the following list of choices :
1. Steve and team are deciding on a real drop dead date to kill off XP
2 . Steve is signing off on an ad campaign to counter Apple ’s … that works
3 . The team is finalizing the details for Bill Gates return to Microsoft to save all the softies from mass extinction
4 . Steve is evaluating another bid for Yahoo
5 . None of the above
While all could be true , the correct answer is E , or none of the above .
So what is it , you ask ?
The answer is going to require you to suspend disbelief from this point forward .
We all know ( thanks to Apple ) that the Windows Vista adoption has been quite unimpressive .
In fact , Vista has been so disappointing that Microsoft continues to keep XP on life support .
This leads me to my point
The release of Windows 7 will be make or break for Steve Ballmer .
It will be Steve who takes the accolades or the arrows for this launch .
Sure , Gates still hangs around the place like the crazy old uncle that stays too long at Thanksgiving , but Windows 7 is Steve ’s baby .
This is why he should do something completely unheard of at Microsoft .
Something so outlandish , it borders on insanity .
Give Windows 7 away for free !
That ’s right , give it away .
Microsoft has spent the better part of ten years trying to fashion themselves after Google , while Google in turn has been zeroed in on Microsoft Office .
We are all aware that Google is the king of online advertising .
Microsoft has wanted to compete in that space forever , which is why giving away Windows 7 makes so much sense .
Let ’s look at the numbers ; Microsoft ’s operating systems are on 90 % of the world ’s computers , or roughly one billion machines .
That ’s penetration on a massive scale .
Even Google has to be impressed .
So give Windows 7 away for free as an ad- supported operating system using the Microsoft Ad Center network .
That would mean Microsoft serves ads on a billion machines versus the twelve people that currently use MSN .
Besides , free is an incredibly seductive word to IT departments , who just had their wishlists pushed back two years in the wake of the recent financial meltdown .
Just in time for the launch of Windows 7 !
Point being , Microsoft generated $ 17 billion in profits last year selling software the same way they have for 30 years .
During that same time Google made $ 4 billion and has been developing an ad-centric operating system that will not only compete , but dominate if Microsoft does n’t market software differently than they have in the past .
Is this model possible ?
Can Microsoft adopt an ad based operating system and make it work ?
Do you think it ’s even up for discussion out in Redmond ?
The whole idea makes me think of the line from A Christmas Carol when Scrooge asks the ghost of Christmas future ; “ are these the shadows of the things that will be , or are they shadows of things that may be , only ? ”
# # #
Robert Barr is tired of the way business news is presented to the general public .
With all the spin doctoring and screen testing , no one says anything anymore .
Blabrmouth.com is the melding of business news and one man ’s opinion .
McCain camp faces infighting over ' diva ' Palin Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday October 25 , 2008
Print This Email This Bitter infighting has broken out between aides to John McCain and Sarah Palin over management of the Alaska governor 's role in the campaign , it was reported Saturday .
The Politico.com website cited four Republicans close to Palin as saying she had grown frustrated by advice given to her by campaign handlers , whom supporters blame for a series of public relations gaffes .
The report said Palin was now increasingly willing to disregard orders from advisors , suggesting the Republican running mate was in the initial stages of forging her own identity for a future tilt at the White House .
" She 's lost confidence in most of the people on the plane , " said a senior Republican quoted by Politico , adding that Palin had already begun to " go rogue " in some of her public pronouncements on the campaign trail .
The Alaska Governor 's supporters accused McCain campaign strategist Steve Schmidt and senior aide Nicole Wallace of already attempting to blame Palin for the failure of the campaign .
" These people are going to try and shred her after the campaign to divert blame from themselves , " a McCain insider was quote by Politico as saying .
When asked to comment on the Politico story by AFP , Wallace said in an email : " I have no comment other than what 's in the story , if people wish to throw me under the bus , my personal belief is that the graceful thing to do is to lie there . "
Later Saturday , Politico quoted McCain advisers reacting angrily to the report , branding Palin a " diva . "
The McCain sources said Palin had repeatedly gone " off- message " recently , suggesting she appeared to be looking out for herself .
" She is a diva .
She takes no advice from anyone , " the McCain source said .
" She does not have any relationships of trust with any of us , her family or anyone else . "
News of tensions within the McCain camp comes after polls suggested Palin -- who electrified the party base when named as running mate in August -- is now dragging down the Republican ticket 10 days from the November 4 election .
A Wall Street Journal / NBC
News poll released on Wednesday found that Americans are less and less convinced she is worthy to serve as the country 's number - two leader .
" Her numbers have plummeted in our poll ... what 's more 55 percent think she 's unqualified to serve as president if the need arises , which is a troublesome number given McCain 's age , " said NBC political director Chuck Todd .
It confirmed the findings of an ABC / Washington
Post poll released earlier this month which found that six in 10 voters saw Palin , 44 , as lacking the experience to be an effective president .
" A third are now less likely to vote for McCain because of her , " the Post added .
After being found guilty of abusing her power as governor in the so - called " troopergate " scandal over the firing of her ex-brother - in - law , Palin now faces a second probe over whether she violated ethics rules in the affair .
Palin was also back in the headlines this week after it emerged 150,000 dollars had been spent on clothes for Palin since late August , potentially undermining her appeal as a down - to - earth working " hockey mom . "
When you 've finished feeding the fish , please use your arms to help raise yourself up to your knees before placing your weight on your feet one at a time .
Credit : Janet Bischoff / Signspotting
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Thursday , October 2 , 2008
Following the alarming admission that active duty U.S. Army would be on call to deal with “ civil unrest ” inside the United States from October 1st , the US Northern Command ( USNORTHCOM ) has publicly denied that troops will engage in law enforcement duties , but concedes that forces will be armed with both non-lethal and lethal weapons as well as having access to tanks .
The use of U.S. troops in law enforcment duties is a complete violation of the Posse Comitatus Act and the Insurrection Act , which substantially limit the powers of the federal government to use the military for law enforcement unless under precise and extreme circumstances .
As we highlighted last week , a September 8 Army Times report stated that active duty troops from the 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team returning from Iraq would be on call as a “ federal response force for natural or manmade emergencies and disasters , including terrorist attacks , ” for a period of 12 months from October 1st .
The purpose of the unit ’s patrols , according to the article , includes helping “ with civil unrest and crowd control or to deal with potentially horrific scenarios such as massive poisoning and chaos in response to a chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high - yield explosive , or CBRNE , attack . ”
However , a NorthCom official , presumably responding to reports featured on this website and others , publicly denies that troops will be used to police Americans .
“ This response force will not be called upon to help with law enforcement , civil disturbance or crowd control , but will be used to support lead agencies involved in saving lives , relieving suffering and meeting the needs of communities affected by weapons of mass destruction attacks , accidents or even natural disasters , ” Army Col .
Michael Boatner , USNORTHCOM future operations division chief , told Homeland Security Today .
We also learn that the troops will be under the operational control of USNORTHCOM ’s Joint Force Land Component Command under US Army North , headquartered in San Antonio , Texas .
The operational headquarters of the response force is at Fort Monroe , Virginia .
The original Army Times report also stated that the use of non-lethal weapons against Americans would be a possibility , but a retraction has now been issued stating that the forces would not use nonlethal weaponry domestically .
However , Democracy Now ’s Amy Goodman was told by Air Force Lt. Col.
Jamie Goodpaster , a public affairs officer for Northern Command , that “ Military forces would have weapons on - site , “ containerized , ” she said — that is , stored in containers — including both lethal and so - called nonlethal weapons .
They would have mostly wheeled vehicles , but would also , she said , have access to tanks .
She said that use of weapons would be made at a higher level , perhaps at the secretary of defense level . ”
As Goodman writes in an editorial for the Seattle Post - Intelligencer , “ Talk of trouble on U.S. streets is omnipresent now , with the juxtaposition of Wall Street and Main Street .
The financial crisis we face remains obscure to most people ; titans of business and government officials assure us that the financial system is “ on the brink , ” that a massive bailout is necessary , immediately , to prevent a disaster .
Conservative and progressive members of Congress , at the insistence of constituents , blocked the initial plan .
If the economy does collapse , if people ca n’t go down to the bank to withdraw their savings , or get cash from an ATM , there may be serious “ civil unrest , ” and the “ sea - smurfs ” may be called upon sooner than we imagine to assist with “ crowd control . ”
The use of U.S. troops in law enforcment duties is a complete violation of the Posse Comitatus Act and the Insurrection Act , which substantially limit the powers of the federal government to use the military for law enforcement unless under precise and extreme circumstances .
Section 1385 of the Posse Comitatus
Act states , “ Whoever , except in cases and under circumstances expressly authorized by the Constitution or Act of Congress , willfully uses any part of the Army or the Air Force as a posse comitatus or otherwise to execute the laws shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years , or both . ”
Under the John Warner Defense Authorization Act , signed by President Bush on October 17 , 2006 , the law was changed to state , “ The President may employ the armed forces to restore public order in any State of the United States the President determines hinders the execution of laws or deprives people of a right , privilege , immunity , or protection named in the Constitution and secured by law or opposes or obstructs the execution of the laws of the United States or impedes the course of justice under those laws . ”
However , these changes were repealed in their entirety by HR 4986 : National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 , reverting back to the original state of the Insurrection Act of 1807 .
Despite this repeal , President Bush attached a signing statement saying that he did not feel bound by the repeal .
The original text of the Insurrection Act severely limits the power of the President to deploy troops within the United States .
For troops to be deployed , a condition has to exist that , “ (1 ) So hinders the execution of the laws of that State , and of the United States within the State , that any part or class of its people is deprived of a right , privilege , immunity , or protection named in the Constitution and secured by law , and the constituted authorities of that State are unable , fail , or refuse to protect that right , privilege , or immunity , or to give that protection ; or ( 2 ) opposes or obstructs the execution of the laws of the United States or impedes the course of justice under those laws .
In any situation covered by clause ( 1 ) , the State shall be considered to have denied the equal protection of the laws secured by the Constitution . ”
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Miners ' union : McCain camp ' twisting the truth ' on Obama , coal Nick Juliano
Published : Monday November 3 , 2008
Print This Email This John McCain 's campaign has apparently decided its last , best hope to defy the odds and prevail Tuesday lies in a distorted , out - of - context , months - old clip of Barack Obama talking about coal .
McCain has claimed Obama wants to " bankrupt " the coal industry , based on a clip from a January interview with the San Francisco Chronicle 's editorial board .
The clip was posted online by the same YouTube user who last month unearthed and heavily edited a 2001 clip of Obama speaking to Chicago Public Radio .
This time , the coal clip followed the same path to prominence as the previous mini-scandal : from YouTube , to right - wing blog , to the Drudge Report , to Fox News to McCain stump speech .
Obama was discussing his support for a cap & trade system to reduce carbon emissions , which would create a market on which companies could trade emissions credits .
Such a system , proponents say , would reduce pollution while spurring investment in cleaner sources of energy .
Obama also has said he supports " clean coal " technology , which researchers hope would allow exploitation of coal power without as much pollution .
" So if somebody wants to build a coal - powered plant , they can ; it 's just that it will bankrupt them because they 're going to be charged a huge sum for all that greenhouse gas that 's being emitted , " Obama said in January , referring to traditional coal plants .
Suddenly worried about all the jobs such " bankrupting " would cause , McCain made the line a central point when he spoke in Virginia Monday .
The GOP candidate trails there and in Ohio , two states President Bush carried in 2000 and 2004 .
The union representing coal miners came to Obama 's defense Monday .
" Sen . John McCain and his running mate , Gov. Sarah Palin , have once again demonstrated that they are willing to say anything and do anything to win this election .
Their latest twisting of the truth is about coal and some comments Sen .
Obama made last January about the future use of coal in America , " said Cecil E. Roberts , president of the United Mine Workers of America , in a statement released Monday afternoon .
Roberts noted that McCain and the Republicans ignored Obama 's overall point during his interview .
The Democratic candidate told the Chronicle , " This notion of no coal , I think , is an illusion , " noting the amount of energy the US dervies from coal .
Obama pushed for development of technology to sequester carbon emissions , the central tenant of so called " clean " coal .
" Despite what the McCain campaign and some far right - wing blogs would have Americans believe , Sen . Obama has been and remains a tremendous supporter of coal and the future of coal , " Roberts said .
The coal issue is a particularly tricky one for McCain .
Before he became the Republican Party 's presidential nominee , McCain demonstrated his willingness to diverge from GOP orthodoxy on climate change and environmental regulation .
In 2003 , he and Sen . Joe Lieberman co-sponsored one of the first cap and trade bills in the Senate aimed at reducing carbon emissions .
McCain removed his name from a similar measure that was debated earlier this year .
Indeed , on his Web site , McCain still touts his proposal for a cap and trade system and development of low - emissions alternatives .
Surely he and Obama would quibble on the details of such a system , but they share the same basic goals .
Nonetheless , the coal industry traditionally supports Republicans , and John McCain is now the party 's nominee .
So the industry is doing its part to flog the campaign 's latest talking point painting Obama as anti-coal .
" Regardless of the timing or method of the release of these remarks , the message from the Democratic candidate for President could not be clearer : the Obama - Biden ticket spells disaster for America 's coal industry and the tens of thousands of Americans who work in it , " said Mike Carey , president of the Ohio Coal Association and a short - lived former Republican congressional candidate .
About Antwerp
Antwerp was founded on the river Scheldt by the Roman legionary Brabo at approximately 400 years A.D.
The locals enjoy walking from the old city centre to the Kaaien ; finishing at the fairy tale castle of Het Steen .
Inhabitants of Antwerp are true lovers of life ; the city centre offers many restaurants and cosy cafés where beer flows in abundance and the hospitality is sublime .
The city is sprinkled with historic buildings , the highlight of which is the Cathedral of Our Lady on the Grote Markt .
Inside , you 'll find the paintings of Peter Paul Rubens , perhaps the most famous inhabitant of Antwerp .
His former house and studio , Rubens House , attracts many visitors .
Lovers of art can indulge themselves at the Museum of Fine Arts , the Photo Museum and the MuHKA in the trendy neighbourhood of [ i ] 't Zuid [ / i ] .
In Zurenborg you can gaze at the beautiful art deco and art nouvea style façades .
The fashion city of Antwerp offers lots of shopping pleasure , for instance , in the Keyserlei and the Meir with its stunning Stadsfeestzaal shopping centre .
Antwerp Zoo is close to the Central Station and the infamous Diamond District .
It 's only a 2 hour train journey to Rotterdam from here .
Why are we in the mess we are in ?
There are lots of proximate causes : overleverage , global imbalances , bad financial technology that lead to widespread underestimation of risk .
Readers can no doubt improve on that list .
But these still are all symptoms .
Until we isolate and tackle fundamental causes , we will fail to extirpate the disease .
I will confess to not having addressed this particular line of thought directly , even thought it has crossed my mind plenty of times .
Many readers have noted , and I agree completely , that the financial sector has become too large relative to the real economy .
But many commentators , your humble blogger included , have failed to probe deeply how such a distorted economy came to be seen as a good policy outcome .
In 1980 , financial firms accounted for 8 % of S&P earnings .
During the peak of our last stock market cycle , their profits were over 40 % of the total .
Now consider : finance is a necessary function , but is represents a tax , a drain on the productive economy , just as defense and lawyers do ( aside : I had a lawyer from an entrepreneurial family who was refreshingly aware of that issue , and would write off hours before sending bills to clients , recognizing that the amount of time her firm had spent on certain matters simply was n’t worth it from an economic standpoint to the client ) .
It is ironic that free market fundamentalists have so vociferously argued for unfettered markets , without understanding ( or perhaps understanding all too well ) that the house always wins .
When I was a kid and had my first serious jobs on Wall Street , there was no explicit formulation of that conundrum , but the firms understood their place .
You could make a very very nice living on Wall Street .
The barriers to entry were high enough to allow for oligopoly pricing , but that meant for rich pay packages rather than an easy life .
You do not know how hard you can work , short of slavery , unless you have been an investment banking analyst or associate .
It is not merely the hours , but the extreme time pressure .
Priorities are revised every day , numerous times during the day , as markets move .
You have numerous bosses , each with independent demands and deadlines , and none cares what the others want done when .
You are not allowed to say no to unreasonable demands .
The time pressure is so great that waiting for an elevator is typically agonizing .
If you manage to get your bills paid and your laundry done , you are managing your personal life well .
Exhaustion is normal .
One buddy stepped into his shower fully clothed .
And exhaustion and loss of personal boundaries is an ideal setting for brainwashing , which is why people who have spent much of their career in finance have such difficulty understanding why their firm and their world view might not be the center of the universe , and why they might not be deserving of their outsized pay .
But I digress .
There is a remarkable failure to acknowledge a key element of the task before us , that is , that the financial system HAS to shrink .
Its current size is based on an unsustainable level of debt , a big chunk of which will go bust or be renegotiated .
Yet rather than trying to figure out what a new , slimmed down version of banking ought to look like , to ascertain which pieces should be preserved and which jettisoned , the authorities are instead reacting in a completely ad hoc fashion , rushing to put out the latest fire .
And in the process , they keep trying to validate overly inflated asset values ( a measure straight out of the failed Japan playbook ) rather than try to ascertain what their real value might be so as to determine how much recapitalization might ultimately be needed ( if you doubt me , Exhibit One is the pending Citi bailout , in which lousy assets will be guaranteed at phony values ) .
Is this denial ?
Do the authorities fear that if they work up this analysis , it will leak out and the markets will panic ?
This seems to be the first , most important order of business , yet here we are more than a year into the crisis , still tip - toeing around one of the very biggest issues .
And why is that ?
Back to the cult issue .
Willem Buiter has chastised the Fed for what he calls “ cognitive regulatory capture , ” that is , that they identify far too strongly with the values and world view of their charges .
But it is n’t just the Fed .
The media .
and to a lesser degree , society at large has bought into the construct of the importance , value , and virtue of the financial sector , even as it is coming violently apart before our eyes .
Why , for instance , the vituperative reaction against a GM bailout , while we assume Citi has to be rescued ?
A GM bankruptcy would be at least as catastrophic as a Citi failure .
but GM elicits attacks for the incompetence of its management and the supposedly unreasonable posture of the UAW ( the same free market advocates recoil at a deal struck by consenting adults ) .
The particular target for ire is the autoworker pensions and health plans , as well as their work rules .
But the pension plans being underwater is the fault of GM management for not providing for them in the fat years ; I personally have trouble with the idea that health care should vary by class ; and for the work rules , German and Swedish automakers have strong unions and yet can compete .
I see the UAW as having correctly seen GM management feeding at the trough and doing a good job at extracting their share .
And yet the specter of incompetent , and worse , DISHONEST management elicits far less anger .
GM may not make the best cars , but Citi and other banks sold products that were terrible , destructive , that resulted in huge losses and are wrecking economies , damage crappy cars could never inflict ( environmentalists might quibble , but never has so much seeming wealth evaporated in so little time , and with the main culprits readily identified ) .
They paid huge bonuses , yet their 2004 - mid 2007 earnings have been wiped out by subsequent losses .
But while UAW workers will have to give up on deals cut earlier , in terms of health care and pension promises ( entered into , by the way , to bridge difference over wage levels ) , I guarantee no Wall Street denizen of the peak years will have to cough up one penny of his bonus from those days .
I do n’t know how to convey a sense of how deeply indoctrinated we all have been .
This Independent story may give a sense of how banks have completely lost sense of their place . :
High - street banks are continuing to hit businesses with punitive interest rates for loans and overdrafts and are resorting to more severe measures to ensure they are paid .
Some are demanding that owners of small businesses put up personal assets as collateral in return for a business loan .
Others are changing conditions of loans by sending emails rather than meeting in person , and giving borrowers just 48 hours to comply with unilaterally - rearranged overdraft and lending agreements .
The Business Secretary , Lord Mandelson , said he was alarmed by the banks ’ behaviour : “ That is not the sort of constructive relationship that is sustainable between banks and businesses …
Paul Cox , from Surrey , was also asked for his personal property to be put up as collateral against a business loan by the Royal Bank of Scotland just last month – despite an excellent record with the bank .
“ I ’m fortunate – I could walk away , ” said Mr Cox .
“ Others have to accept punitive terms . ” RBS received the biggest slice of the Government ’s bailout deal – up to £ 20 bn .
The Federation of Small Businesses ( FSB ) said that when some members approached banks to discuss loan agreements , their accounts were reissued under harsher lending terms .
Chief executives of Britain ’s big banks , who have been regularly meeting with the Government and small business groups , have all made positive noises about ensuring viable small businesses have the access to finance that they need .
But branch managers are often reluctant to return to relaxed lending policies which may put their branches in a perilous position .
There are several issues conflated in this story that need to be picked apart .
One is that there were a lot of loan made in the frothy years that were not sound .
Some people who had access to a lot of credit will correctly have a lot less , and that on dearer terms .
But there are also perfectly worthwhile businesses and individuals who are also caught in the meat grinder of indiscriminate reduction of loan balances .
And because government support has been extended with the explicit understanding that banks would make loans , the punitive treatment of high quality borrowers is indefensible .
But those are not my main focus .
What stuck we was the subtext of the piece : times are bad , and any efforts to extract more revenues from customers , even if it is blood from a turnip , or worse , even if it puts a viable business under , is warranted .
The idea that the needs of the financial sector can trump those of the productive sector are dangerous and destructive to our collective well being , and need to be combatted frontally .
View Transcript
Transcript
Ted : Who are we waiting for ?
Dilbert : Alice .
She has poor time management skills .
But she 's try to dress it up by saying she 's in high demand .
Why do I suddenly feel the coldness of the grave .
Twilight exudes almost every quality that makes ‘ haters ’ furious with self - righteous delight .
For the last few months every trailer , website or youtube post ( 4 chan too but that ’s just what I hear .
My friend told me .
I honestly do n’t go there .
I swear ) that even mentions Twilight was riddled with comments that are either as or less clever than “ Fuck this movie .
Only faggots will see this movie . ”
Well , either the Internet was wrong ( perish the thought ) or there are considerably more gay people in America than I previously thought .
Even when factoring all the contempt this movie provoked , it is n’t a surprise that Twilight made over $ 70 million on opening weekend .
The movie ’s success does n’t rely on anything fancy like “ character and plot development ” or “ an original concept . ”
It relies on the fact that it can trick an array of demographics to see it at least once , so clever that potential movie goers completely disregard the negative reviews : Fanboys – Really , any movie that involves super powers , spaceships that go “ pew pew ” with laser beams or dragon boners will at least receive mild attention from the fanboy demographic .
But what really puts
Twilight over the edge is that it discovered the holy grail of fanboy plot lines : a teenager with a perceived miserable life ( much like that of the demographic ) is singled out as the “ chosen one ” by a magical / mystical entity and is rescued from their awful lives .
The only way to make it “ better ” is if the main character is given fantastical super powers .
Basically , it ’s all a big ploy for teenagers going through an identity crisis ( i.e. every teenager ever ) to be able to fantasize about their lives not sucking ; much like buying a lottery ticket does for the middle - aged .
Harry Potter did it , every single Japanese movie / anime / comic does it and now Twilight is riding the “ Guaranteed $ 60 million opening weekend ” express .
Get used to it .
Anyone Who Wears Black Nail Polish – First of all , yes I saw South Park , so you can save your comments .
Second , any movie about vampires let alone a teenage vampire love story is going to be a huge hit with this demographic .
How else can you explain the success of Lost Boys ?
Cory Haim ?
I ’d go into more detail about the vampire fetishes and sexual reenactments that usually accompany these people but unfortunately for them , so does obesity and bad skin .
Yuck , no thanks on that mental image .
People in Bad Relationships –
There are a large percentage of woman in bad relationships that will go to pretty much any movie with a Romantic plotline , and subsequently force their boyfriend into seeing it ( hence the awful relationship ) .
The woman can identify with the distraught female lead that is thrown into a conflict ( metaphor for the conflict between her boyfriend ’s fist and her eye socket ) .
Also , the woman can vicariously live through someone whose boyfriend still wants to have sex with them .
The boyfriend can rationalize being forced to see this movie by saying “ hey , those fight scenes in the trailer looked pretty cool , ” while also living vicariously through someone whose girlfriend still wants to have sex with them .
Now , I ’m not saying that any of these people would argue that Twlight was an enjoyable movie .
I ’m just saying that a lot of people will pay money to go see it once .
And in Hollywood , that ’s what ’s considered a good movie .
Bikini girls paint phone numbers on skin
( Agencies )
Updated : 2008-10-15 11:14
Australian teenage girls have been warned over the dangers of painting their phone numbers onto their skin while they sunbathe on public beaches .
Groups of young girls have been photographed in bikinis with their mobile numbers written on their backs using blue - coloured zinc sunblock .
The 14 and 15 - year - olds said they had travelled from Sydney 's inner suburbs to Cronulla Beach in the city 's south and Manly Beach in the north to " meet boys " and hoped the unusual tactic would encourage a few phone calls .
However , child protection agencies said the stunt was likely to attract the wrong type of attention .
One 15 - year - old , identified only as Lizzy , admitted older men had been quickest to respond : " An old guy tried to talk to me .
He was trying to take pictures of us , " she told local newspaper The Manly Daily .
Child protection experts cautioned other teenagers against copying the stunt .
Girlforce author Nikki Goldstein said the practice was obviously dangerous .
" We 'd never advise girls to broadcast their phone number anywhere that could make them a target , " she told the Australian Daily Telegraph .
" They 're in their bikinis , objectifying themselves is a bit trashy . "
Beautiful baby Katy May can finally breathe easily after German doctors performed a surgical miracle to save her from a life - threatening heart condition .
Helping kids George Clooney Hollywood star set for charity gala in Berlin One of Hollywood ’s biggest stars is set to make the thirtieth birthday of BILD ’s charity organisation ‘ Ein Herz für Kinder ’ a very special one .
The 16 - week - old tot was born with a deadly disease – her four - centimetre heart had turned 90 degrees in her body , causing her artery to shut off her windpipe .
Katy May would have died from painful suffocation had the doctors not come to the rescue .
Her mother , 19 - year - old hairdresser Sabine Koehler , said : “ No one knew that her life was hanging from a thread from the very first day . ”
With only a few surgeons in the whole world having the skills to save the little baby , Katy May was in need of a miracle .
Luckily for her , top heart specialist Professor Dr. Robert Cesnjevar ( 43 ) agreed to treat her at the University Hospital Erlangen in Bavaria .
The doctors diagnosed the rare heart problem and decided on an extremely complicated and dangerous operation , without which Katy May was certain to die .
Each year only four or five such operations are undertaken , and most of the children do n’t survive .
For four long hours Katy May was in grave danger , and the surgeons were not sure whether she would pull through .
Professor Cesnjevar explained the process : “ We cut the artery away from the main artery , and attached it with 20 stitches two centimetres further up . ”
Then the surgeon split the eight - millimetre windpipe with his scalpel : “ I cut open the side of the pressured area and then sewed it back together . ”
After a few days doctors broke the news to the anxious parents .
Their prayers were answered - Katy May is alive and well !
A baby 's life - saving op
The computerised tomography shows the area of the windpipe that was pressured by the artery .
Katy May could only draw in air through a two - millimetre hole , and was threatened with suffocation .
1 / 1 vorheriges Element nächstes Element
Sabine was overjoyed .
She told BILD : “ I am so grateful .
My little one had to go through so much . ”
But whether Katy May will be able to lead a completely normal life is yet uncertain .
“ I hope that she will soon be able to do without the medicine .
I am so proud of her ! ”
Six mg3s at the same time !
There was a less obvious calculation behind the focus on Iowa : race .
A victory in an overwhelmingly white state like Iowa would remove the fears of black voters that Mr. Obama could never get elected president because whites would not vote for him .
“ The biggest race problem we had to start was not with the white voters , ” Mr. Axelrod said , “ but with African - American voters , a deep sense of skepticism that this might happen . ”
Mr. Obama got his victory in Iowa , but things did not go as planned in New Hampshire .
Mr. Axelrod remembered the moment he realized Mrs. Clinton was back on the march : when she teared up in response to a supporter ’s warm words at a coffee shop .
As Mr. Axelrod and Mr. Obama viewed the video of the episode as their campaign bus rumbled through New Hampshire , Mr. Axelrod realized that she had accomplished something Mr. Obama had not : presenting herself as a real person with real concerns to voters in a state that even then was anxious about the economy .
When aides delivered the disappointing New Hampshire results to Mr. Obama , he smiled .
“ Well , ” he said , “ I guess this is going to go on for a while . ”
Later , he conceded that he had been too confident after Iowa but said that the defeat would allow him to remake himself .
Unlike the Clinton campaign , the Obama team at least had a well - thought - out plan for how to proceed deeper into the primary season , mostly by concentrating on picking up delegates in red states and in states with caucuses where the Obama campaign ’s organizational strengths and financial advantage could be put to use .
Going head to head with Mrs. Clinton over such a long period of time would test Mr. Obama , and demonstrate that he had the fortitude to endure a hard fight .
Mrs. Clinton opened up lines of critique that were later picked up by Mr. McCain : that Mr. Obama ’s stated openness to meeting with the leaders of rogue countries “ without preconditions ” was naïve ; that for all of his great oratory , he was not offering substance ; and that he lacked the mettle and experience to lead a nation through crisis .
And as Mrs. Clinton found her voice as a heroine of the struggling working class , she tried to cast Mr. Obama as elite .
At a fund - raiser in San Francisco , Mr. Obama had described some white working - class voters as “ bitter , ” a characterization she used to suggest that her rival was out of touch with the values of ordinary Americans .
One quick way to trick friends and family into believing that you can walk on water is with this nifty pool illusion .
Continue reading to see more .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Overview
To create this pool illusion , this artist used two acrylic plates — with about a foot of space in - between each — and filled the middle with water .
A secret entrance lets you walk right underneath ( or on top of ) the surface , without getting soaked .
Video
Vast swathes of the western Amazon are to be opened up for oil and gas exploration , putting some of the planet 's most pristine and biodiverse forests at risk , conservationists have warned .
A survey of land earmarked for exploration by energy companies revealed a steep rise in recent years , to around 180 zones , which together cover an area of 688,000 sq km , almost equivalent to the size of Texas .
Detailed mapping of the region shows the majority of planned oil and gas projects , which are operated by at least 35 multinational companies , are in the most species - rich areas of the Amazon for mammals , birds and amphibians .
Researchers used government information on land that has been leased to state or multinational energy companies over the past four years to create oil and gas exploration maps for western Brazil , Peru , Ecuador , Bolivia and Colombia .
The maps showed that in Peru and Ecuador , regions designated for oil and gas projects already cover more than two thirds of the Amazon .
Of 64 oil and gas regions that cover 72 % of the Peruvian Amazon , all but eight were approved since 2003 .
Major increases in activity are expected in Bolivia and western Brazil .
" We 've been following oil and gas development in the Amazon since 2004 and the picture has changed before our eyes , " said Matt Finer of Save America 's Forests , a US - based environment group .
" When you look at where the oil and gas blocks are , they overlap perfectly on top of the peak biodiversity spots , almost as if by design , and this is in one of the most , if not the most , biodiverse place on Earth . "
Some regions have established oil and gas reserves , but in others , companies will need to cut into the forest to conduct speculative tests , including explosive seismic investigations and test drilling .
Typically , companies have seven years to explore a region before deciding whether to go into full production .
" The real concern is when exploration is successful and a zone moves into the development phase , because that 's when the roads , drilling and pipelines come in , " said Finer .
Writing in the journal PLoS One , Finer and others from Duke university in North Carolina and Land is Life , a Massachusetts - based environment group , call for governments to rethink how energy reserves in the Amazon are exploited .
One issue , the authors argue , is that while companies must submit an environmental impact assessment for their project , these are often considered individually instead of collectively .
" They 're not looking at the bigger picture of what happens if there are lots of projects going on at the same time .
" You could have each individual company thinking they 're being relatively responsible and keeping their own road networks under control and so on , but what happens when you have 15 other projects around you ?
All of a sudden , when you look at the bigger picture , you have a sprawling road network , " said Finer .
The creation of widespread road networks will put previously inaccessible forest at risk of deforestation , illegal hunting and logging , the authors argue .
The researchers urge companies to adopt a moratorium on new road building , and instead use helicopters to ferry personnel and machinery to and from the sites , as has been done in some locations .
They also call for governments to take a broader view of the environmental impacts of new projects , by assessing them as a group rather than individually .
Further research by the team found that many of the planned exploration and extraction projects were on land that is home to indigenous people , who whilst being consulted , have no say in whether a project goes ahead or not .
At least 58 of the 64 regions in Peru are on land where isolated communities live , with a further 17 infringing areas that have existing or proposed reserves for indigenous groups .
" The way that oil development is being pursued in the western Amazon is a gross violation of the rights of the indigenous peoples of the region , " said Brain Keane of Land is Life .
" International agreements and inter-American human rights law recognise indigenous peoples have rights to their lands , and explicitly prohibit the granting of concessions to exploit natural resources in their territories without their free , prior and informed consent , " he added .
The report adds that the international community should pay countries in the Amazon to leave forest lands untouched .
Ecuador has said it will not develop its largest untapped oil reserve if it receives compensation by the end of the year , an offer that countries have yet to take them up on .
“ We 're going to do well in this campaign , my friend .
We 're going to win it , and it 's going to be tight , and we 're going to be up late , ” McCain said .
McCain guarantees victory
Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) said Sunday on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” that he can “ guarantee ” a win on Nov. 4 in a squeaker victory that wo n’t be clear until late that night .
McCain spoke amid signs of a tightening race , and reports of renewed determination among his staff , which is badly outgunned in both money and manpower .
Advertisement
“ I guarantee you that two weeks from now , you will see this has been a very close race , and I believe that I 'm going to win it , ” McCain told interim " Meet " moderator Tom Brokaw .
“ We 're going to do well in this campaign , my friend .
We 're going to win it , and it 's going to be tight , and we 're going to be up late . ”
McCain was down just 5 points in the Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released Sunday , with Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill . ) leading by 49 percent to 44 percent among likely voters in the daily tracking poll , which has a margin of error of 2.9 points .
Reuters reported that Obama 's lead has dropped over the last three days after hitting a high of 12 points on Thursday .
Pollster John Zogby said : " Things are trending back for McCain .
His numbers are rising and Obama 's are dropping on a daily basis .
There seems to be a direct correlation between this and McCain talking about the economy . "
The Washington Post reported Sunday : " [ I ] nside the McCain campaign the mood remains one of gritty resolve .
Top aides know they are behind , but they hold out hope and , like their candidate , stubbornly refuse to give up . "
McCain told Brokaw in Waterloo , Iowa , that he feels " like Knute Rockne ... go out there and get one for the Gipper . "
“ We are very competitive in battleground states , " McCain said .
" Obviously , I choose to trust my senses as well as polls .
The enthusiasm at almost all of our [ events ] is at a higher level than I 've ever seen , and I 've been in a lot of presidential campaigns , usually as the warm - up act .
...
And I see intensity out there , and I see passion .
So we 're very competitive . ”
McCain added : “ We 're going to have to just get out our vote , work hard over the next nine days , and make sure that people know that there 'll be a better future .
People are very worried now — very , very worried , and have every reason to be .
I think it 's all about who can assure a better future . ”
On the endorsement of Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) by former Secretary of State Colin Powell , McCain said : " I 'm disappointed in Gen .
Powell , but I 'm very , very happy to know that [ I 'm endorsed by ] five former secretaries of states who I admire enormously . ”
McCain defended Republican National Committee clothing purchases on behalf of his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
Politico revealed during the past week that the RNC spent $ 150,000 on designer outfits at Neiman Marcus and Saks Fifth Avenue for the vice presidential nominee and members of her family .
" She lives a frugal life , ” he said .
“ She and her family are not wealthy .
She and her family were thrust into this and there was some — and some third of that money is given back .
The rest will be donated to charity .
...
She is a role model to millions and millions and millions of Americans . "
McCain appeared in a gracious mood , saying to Brokaw at the end : " I appreciate your many years of informing the American people .
You 've come a long way from South Dakota , but you have never forgotten where you come from . ”
It 's no secret that most radio talk shows have a slight delay before a caller 's audio reaches the air .
The obvious reason : to make sure no " f- bombs " reach the sensitive ears of the public --- or the FCC .
Well , Microsoft has been awarded a
patent
that might eliminate the need for that delay .
The patent , 7437290 , is for " Automatic censorship of audio data for broadcast " was first filed in 2004 .
Here 's how it 's described :
An input audio data stream comprising speech is processed by an automatic censoring filter in either a real - time mode , or a batch mode , producing censored speech that has been altered so that undesired words or phrases are either unintelligible or inaudible .
The automatic censoring filter employs a lattice comprising either phonemes and / or words derived from phonemes for comparison against corresponding phonemes or words included in undesired speech data .
If the probability that a phoneme or word in the input audio data stream matches a corresponding phoneme or word in the undesired speech data is greater than a probability threshold , the input audio data stream is altered so that the undesired word or a phrase comprising a plurality of such words is unintelligible or inaudible .
The censored speech can either be stored or made available to an audience in real - time .
We build websites and take care of them year - round .
Our customers are too busy running their business to learn everything they need to know about websites , so they trust us to take care of it for them .
Whether they are harmful to human health is unknown , although the chemist who discovered the particles said their existence might help explain why some nonsmokers get lung cancers and other diseases often associated with tobacco use .
He is already working to develop a new cigarette filter that may remove more of the harmful substances .
The Treasury finished pounding the market with supply for this week , unless they do a surprise auction tomorrow .
The auctions held today will settle on Monday .
Today they settled $ 50 billion of the new paper .
Tomorrow will come another $ 30 billion , and then $ 40 billion on Monday .
We saw the results of this pressure again today in the stock market .
Most shocking perhaps was that the Fed drained $ 20 billion in OMO today .
Under the circumstances , the 6.5 % drop in the Dow today is n’t surprising .
Nor is it surprising that note yields are skyrocketing .
This is only the beginning on that score .
Sickeningly , there ’s likely to be little letup given the amount of supply that must be settled tomorrow and Monday and the certainty of more CMBs and various and sundry other forms of government paper raining down on the market next week .
Another sign of the distress in the market was the explosion in the fee on TSLF swaps to 305 basis points .
The market is simply coming apart at the seams , and I blame not the unwillingness of banks to lend to one another .
I blame this cascade of Treasury supply .
The US Government is exacerbating this mess .
Click here to download complete report in pdf format ( Professional Edition Subscribers ) .
Try the Professional Edition risk free for thirty days .
If , within that time , you do n’t find the information useful , I will give you a full refund .
It ’s that simple .
Click here for more information .
Related
This video shows how FEMA no only deals with credible threats as hurricanes and terrorist attacks , but also with credible threats like alien attacks and UFO crashes :
They have an entire chapter dedicated to this topic in their firefighters manual .
Great .
As if it was n't enough with the UK government revealing airplane encounters with UFOs and Hubble discovering unidentified objects in Space to fuel my absolutely cuckoo , sculpt - giant - mountains - out - of - mash - potatoes , I - hope aliens - are - two - meter - tall - buxom - blue - amazons , I - want - to - ride - a - warp - capable - spaceship fantasies . [ io9 ]
Advertisement
Democrats say they have been able to peel away suburbanites by emphasizing Republican culpability for the economic decline , a point they say House Republicans helped make themselves by initially balking at the $ 700 billion bailout and sending the markets into a tailspin that depleted retirement and college savings accounts .
Image Senator Norm Coleman , Republican of Minnesota , faces a tough challenge from Al Franken in his bid for a second term .
Credit ... Richard Marshall / Pioneer Press , via Associated Press
“ Suburban voters are angry that their quality of life and standard of living is under attack , ” said Representative Rahm Emanuel of Illinois , chairman of the House Democratic Caucus and a leading advocate of Democrats trying to broaden their appeal in the suburbs .
The partisan spending gap was stark .
As of last week , Senate Democrats had spent more than $ 67 million against Republican candidates , compared with $ 33.7 million in advertising by Republicans .
In the House , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee had spent $ 73 million , compared with just over $ 20 million for the National Republican Congressional Committee , according to campaign finance reports .
Most of the House Republican money was spent on behalf of incumbents or in districts where a Republican is retiring , emphasizing how much the party was playing defense .
By contrast , House Democrats spent most of their money in the last month going after Republican seats in Colorado , Nebraska , Washington , West Virginia and elsewhere .
On Sunday , Democrats prepared one last radio advertisement to begin running Monday in an effort to claim the seat of Thomas M. Reynolds , a Republican retiring from his upstate New York district near Buffalo .
“ That kind of says it all , ” said Representative Thomas M. Davis III , a retiring Virginia Republican whose own suburban seat is likely to go Democratic on Tuesday .
Mr. Davis said Republicans simply faced too many disadvantages heading into Election Day , including a higher number of retirements in the House and Senate , an unpopular president and an economic collapse .
“ You like to see a fair fight , ” said Mr. Davis , a former chairman of the Republican Congressional campaign committee , “ but basically we are playing basketball in our street shoes and long pants , and the Democrats have on their uniforms and Chuck Taylors . ”
As it stands today , we have given a free pass to those CEOs who profited enormously and then were pushed out , with hundreds of millions .
How can we watch our once vibrant economy fall apart like this , forcing an expensive bailout ( and likely higher taxes , reduction in standard of living and even more cutbacks ) and then do nothing ?
These are the same people who complained about “ welfare mamas ” so again , let them live by their own rules .
Regardless of his other positions , Sarkozy is not wrong on this .
Those responsible for the crisis that has swept global financial markets should be punished , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said overnight in his first reaction to the latest bout of economic turmoil .
In an acceptance speech at an award ceremony attended by U.S. and French business leaders , Sarkozy called for the “ truth ” on the crisis to be uncovered .
“ Today , millions of people across the world fear for their savings , for their apartment , for the funds they have put in banks .
It is our duty to give them clear answers , ” he said .
“ Who is responsible for this disaster ?
May those who are responsible be punished and held accountable , ” he said hours before he was due to give a speech to the U.N. General Assembly .
It was really just too obvious .
Kidnappers kill five - year - old boy by injecting acid into his heart
Kidnappers grabbed a five - year - old boy from a Mexico City street market and killed him by injecting acid into his heart .
The boy , Javier Morena , was the oldest son of a poor family who sold fruit in the tough district of Iztapalapa .
The abduction proved that the country 's plague of kidnappings afflicts the working class as well as the wealthy .
Murdered : A photo of Javier Morena , five , sits on a table during a service after the boy was found murdered in Mexico City yesterday
Javier disappeared while playing at the market on Sunday 26 October , Mexico City authorities said on Monday .
The boy 's family spent days looking for him , finally persuading a local television station to post his picture on the news three days later .
A taxi driver recognized the boy , and went to the market to find the family .
He told them that he had given the boy and a teenager a ride from the market to nearby Mexico state , and the teenager had told him the boy was crying because his younger brother had been stolen .
The driver dropped the two off a block from the police station , and the teen told him they were meeting the boy 's mother there .
The family showed the driver a picture of their son .
Also in the picture was a 17 - year - old family friend , who the driver recognised as the alleged kidnapper .
Grieving : Laura Vega , mother of Javier Morena , in her home after her son was found murdered
The police raided the 17 - year - old 's home , and he and his family and two others confessed to having killed the boy before they could ask for a 300,000 - peso ( £ 15,000 ) ransom , Mexico City Attorney General Miguel Mancera said in a statement .
Mancera said the assailants injected the boy with acid and buried him on a hill outside the capital .
Five people , including the 17 - year - old , are under arrest .
It was unclear if the group had carried out other kidnappings .
Javier was buried early yesterday .
Hours later , sitting in her home of cinderblock and corrugated tin , the boy 's mother , Laura Vega , said she has no idea why the kidnappers targeted her family
But she said she felt they should face the death penalty , long banned in Mexico , and that they should ' suffer the way my son suffered . '
' He did n't have to die like that , far from his parents , ' she said , her eyes red and swollen from crying .
' If he had to go to God , it should n't have been like that . '
A school credential of Javier hangs on a wall in his home after kidnappers took him from a street market in Mexico City then killed him by injecting acid into his heart
The child 's death recalled the recent kidnapping and slaying of Fernando Marti , the 14 - year - old son of a sporting goods magnate whose death prompted a national outcry against crime .
Young Marti's decomposing body was found in the trunk of a car even though his family reportedly paid a ransom .
Prosecutors said a federal lawman was part of the gang that kidnapped Marti .
Outrage over that case prompted more than 100,000 people to march through Mexico City in August to demand an end to endemic police corruption and rising crime .
Kidnappings in Mexico have increased by nine per cent since last year .
The attorney - general 's office blames drug cartels , police officers and informants who point out potentially lucrative victims .
On MSNBC just now , Chuck Todd frames the " blame Obama " narrative while interviewing Obama economic adviser Austan Goolsbee :
" You guys [ Team Obama ] own the economy at 12 o'clock eastern time today , correct ?
When Senator Obama announces his Treasury Secretary , announces the Larry Summers position .
It is now Barack Obama 's responsibility on the economy , is that not correct ? "
No it 's not , Chuck !
Just remarkable .
The establishment press is gearing up to blame Barack Obama for everything .
Yep .
The guy who has n't even been inaugurated yet is responsible for doing President Bush 's job , and also taking the heat for any and all of President Bush 's mistakes .
Once again , President Bush getting away with murder .
Today epigenetics is all the rage , but it has its roots in a pair of papers that appeared nearly simultaneously in 1952 - 1953 .
Luria SE and Human ML. 1952 .
A nonhereditary , host - induced variation of bacterial viruses .
J. Bact. 64 : 557-569 and also Bertani G and Weigle JJ. 1953 .
Host controlled variation in bacterial viruses .
J. Bact . 65 : 113-121 .
Luria & Human and Bertani & Weigle independently discovered that bacterial hosts can affect the growth and phenotypic properties of their bacteriophages .
As Luria and Human put it , " In analyzing the relation between certain phages and certain mutants of their bacterial hosts , we have encountered a novel situation : the genotype of the host in which a virus reproduces affects the phenotype of the new virus .
The phenotypic change suppresses the ability of the virus to reproduce in certain hosts but not in others ....
Several B /4 mutants of Escherichia coli , strain B , when infected with phages T2 or T6 , liberate these phages in a form designated as T* , which does not multiply in young cells of strain B or of its mutants .
T* can multiply in a small proportion of old , starved cells of strain B , giving rise to a yield of the corresponding normal T phage . "
This finding was quite puzzling at the time , especially since it appeared to subvert traditional Mendelian genetics .
Later it was discovered that a number of different mechanisms were responsible for host - induced modification including DNA methylation , restriction modification , and glucosylation .
Werner Arber , Daniel Nathans and Ham Smith eventually shared a Nobel prize for their discoveries relating to restriction modification .
When I was working in the Turner Lab at Yale , I noticed that some of my phages grew better on a novel strain when they were previously grown on native strain than when they were previously grown on a novel strain .
I found this phenomenon was kind of interesting and thought I might have been the first to discover this .
I called it a " maternal effect . "
Naturally it was with considerable chagrin when I found out that Luria , Bertani , Weigle and Human had discovered this over 50 years before .
On the other hand , I found it neat that I rediscovered something that those giants of microbiology had discovered .
And I could console myself with fact the I was the first to find host - induced modification among RNA phages ( maybe ) .
One more aspect of this discovery that deserves mention is that it highlights the congeniality of the phage group .
Not only did each of these authors acknowledge the competing group in their citations , but Bertani and Luria even came up with a media recipe together .
Today we call it LB broth .
Figure : Epigenetic Mechanisms Nature 441 , 143-145 ( 11 May 2006 )
WASILLA , Alaska 
For five years , Diane Osborne , a hairdresser , helped young women in this city as they vied for crowns in pageants , but the one she was sponsoring this time , in 1984 , struck her as unlikely .
Sarah Heath , at 20 , was so soft - spoken , so unobtrusive , so agreeable as to seem void of the urgent quest for attention that Ms. Osborne had recognized in others .
“ I kind of worried about how she would do up there on stage , ” Ms. Osborne said .
“ You have to have a certain go - get - ’em to get up there and stand up for yourself , and she came across as such a shy , sweet girl . ”
As it turned out , Ms. Heath  now Gov. Sarah Palin , the Republican vice - presidential nominee  surprised Ms. Osborne , who waited nervously backstage in an Anchorage auditorium , by confidently answering questions from judges , circling in a red bathing suit , and capturing second runner - up in the Miss Alaska pageant that June .
Many who knew Ms. Palin in her formative years have been likewise confounded by her journey from this isolated city , fewer than 10,000 people nestled in an Alaskan valley , to a national political stage .
To them , the Sarah Palin who , at 44 , bursts onto the stage at rallies  confident , feisty , piercing in her attacks  sounds nothing like the younger woman they recall .
A solar furnace is a device composed of a large curved mirror which harnesses solar rays to produce a high temperature beam of light .
Possible applications includes melting steel , making hydrogen fuel , or even burning hot dog sausages to a crisp .
The furnace you ’ll see in the following video can reach 2,400 °C ( 4,352 °C ) , enough to melt steel , but according to Wikipedia , some solar furnaces can reach temperature up to 3,000 °C ( 5,430 °F ) .
Video after the jump .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
One shopper talked about how his daughter one day lugged home a dozen one - kilogram ( 2.2 pound ) bags of oatmeal because she passed a shop that had just received a shipment .
A professor said that he had bought a second refrigerator , even though he really could not afford it , to store more meat .
No Shortage of Suspects
Muscovites are too conspiracy - minded to believe that hoarding alone explains the shortages .
Some people suggest that old - line Communists are scheming to keep food off the shelves to make Mr. Gorbachev look bad .
Others blame it on an economic " mafia , " a group of speculators or middlemen who putatively get their hands on food that was destined for state shops , then sell it at much higher prices in the Western - style farmers markets , where there are no price controls and where food supplies are abundant .
" A lot of this food is taken by the mafia , " said Tamara Artemyeva , who worked at a cashier at a delicatessan that had only one thing for sale : cabbage .
" I do n't know whether they destroy it or sell it on the black market .
But I 'm sure they do something that 's profitable for them . "
Many Muscovites are convinced that clerks at state shops are selling their goods out the back door more than ever before .
Such corruption , a longstanding practice here , pays off better than ever now because the difference between the fixed prices at the state shops and the unrestricted prices at the food markets is larger than ever .
A kilogram of meat sells for 2 rubles at the state shops , and 25 rubles in Moscow 's markets .
The average Soviet citizen earns 280 rubles a month .
At Food Store No. 19 one afternoon not long ago , shoppers nearly began a scuffle when they discovered that employees had stashed away some milk that was supposed to be sold to the public .
3 or 4 Hours in Line
Although shortages seem ubiquitous , shoppers say they somehow scrape by .
Pensioners , who receive about 130 rubles a month , say they sometimes wait on line three or four hours a day in state stores to purchase what they and their children need .
To avoid lines , consumers can shop at the well - stocked farmers markets , but not everyone has the money .
" The prices at the market are just too high , " Svetlana Palgina said as she waited in a 45 - minute line at a fish store .
Welcome !
This is the homesite of Arvi " Hempuli " Teikari .
I live in Finland and I love to create games and draw stuff .
This site is mostly for my games , but you can see more stuff by me at my DeviantArt account , linked below .
More recent news ( which are n't always even related to games ! ) can be found from my blog .
All these games are Fueled by Fusion .
You can read details about this website 's compliance to privacy legislation here !
Twitter ~~ Blog ~~ Art
Baba Is You
Under development :
ESA 2
Finished games :
Baba Is You ~ Environmental Station Alpha
Stumblehill ~ Officer Alfred ~ Masjin
CWOUN ~ Excavatorrr ~ ISIWANYWT
Beyond the Black Hole ~ FIG
Where They Once Were ~ Cavern of Flight ~ Salvage Star
Copenhagen 2030 ~ It'll End Tonight
Badland Quest ~ Apocalypse Adventure
BulletZORZ ~ Bulletsss ~ OMRIaL ~ GENERIC
Moustache King Adventures ~ Layers ~ Barrel Facility
Paradise Fort ~ Bactoco ~ Cloud Realm ~ Doooors
Jump , Copy , Paste ~ FLICKERSTRINGS
~ Fallover !
Mushroom Engine ~ Timerocketxby ~ Addicsjon ~ Grey Room
Bombing Room ~ Notepad : The Game
Signs - Read ~ CHURCH ADVENTURE ~ Sleepwalker
By Ben Cohen
What would the great Roman Emperor and Philosopher ( and co-star in ' Gladiator ) advise during an economic crisis like the current one ?
Here are 6 relevant tips :
1 . “ Everything is unfolding as it must , and if you observe carefully , you will find this to be so . ”
2 . “ Receive wealth or prosperity without arrogance ; and be ready to let it go . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
3 . " Time is a sort of river of passing events , and strong is its
current ; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and
another takes its place , and this too will be swept away . ”
4 . " Everything we hear is an opinion , not a fact .
Everything we see is a perspective , not the truth . "
5 . " Each thing is of like form from everlasting and comes round again in its cycle . "
6 . " Here is the rule to remember in the future , When
anything tempts you to be bitter : not , '' This is a misfortune ' ' but
'' To bear this worthily is good fortune . "
Giant glaciers buried under the surface of
Mars at much lower latitudes than any previously known ice are a potential source of drinking water for future astronauts .
The discovery , made using ground - penetrating radar on NASA's
Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , offers new possibilities in the search for life on the red planet .
" If there is life on Mars , this kind of ice would likely preserve ancient organisms and DNA , " researcher Jim Head , a planetary geoscientist at Brown University , told Wired.com .
" Examining the water ice could give you a good sample to try to detect if there had been life there . "
The newly - discovered glaciers , reported Wednesday in Science , appear to contain the largest volume of Martian water ice outside the poles .
" Just one of the features we examined is three times larger than the city of Los Angeles , and up to one - half mile thick , and there are many more , " said study leader John Holt of the University of Texas at Austin , in a press release .
Many scientists doubted that giant reservoirs of ice could exist on Mars so close to the equator , but calculations suggest these regions were once much colder than they are now , due to variations in the tilt of Mars '
rotational axis .
The ice was buried under debris , and as the areas warmed , the ice was insulated by its protective layer of surface rock .
Puzzling surface features above the glaciers , such as sloping deposits of rock near larger mountains , were first noticed by NASA's
Viking orbiters in the 1970s .
Some experts thought they represented rocky debris made slippery by tiny bits of ice mixed with dirt .
But recent studies of buried glaciers on Antarctica , which look markedly similar , support the buried glacier hypothesis .
Recently Mars Reconnaissance
Orbiter confirmed that there really are giant layers of ice hidden under the surface with data from its SHARAD
radar instrument .
When the radar scanned the regions , its reflected signal bounced back in a pattern consistent with traveling though a thick layer of ice , rather than rock .
Furthermore , the velocity of the radar 's reflected radio waves matched that expected from passing through water ice .
The glaciers are good news for future studies on Mars , because they lie at more easily accessible latitudes than the freezing cold poles .
They could even prove helpful as a source of drinkable water to future astronauts exploring Mars .
" This says there may be samples of ice within our reach , " Head said .
" If we 're thinking ahead to human exploration of
Mars , it means we could go to some of these places and actually have water ice there . "
See Also :
Citations :
" Radar Sounding Evidence for Buried Glaciers in the Southern Mid-Latitudes of Mars "
John W. Holt , Ali Safaeinili , Jeffrey J. Plaut , James W. Head , Roger J. Phillips , Roberto Seu , Scott D. Kempf , Prateek Choudhary , Duncan A. Young , Nathaniel E. Putzig , Daniela Biccari , Yonggyu Gim doi:10.1126/science.1162780
Image : ESA / DLR /FU
Berlin
( A customer comes in and is very concerned about the “ tumor ” on her male dog ’s stomach . )
Me : “ That ’s not a tumor , ma’am .
It ’s called a bulbus glandus .
It just means he ’s , um , really happy to see you . ”
This story is part of our Take Your Dog To The Vet roundup !
Read the next Take Your Dog To The Vet roundup story !
Read the Take Your Dog To The Vet roundup !
The United States , the world 's largest international aid donor , is among the worst at promoting the independence , impartiality and neutrality of humanitarian aid to needy populations , according to a survey by a Madrid - based nonprofit group that monitors donors ' performance .
The Development Assistance Research Associates ( DARA ) Humanitarian Response Index 2008 measures how effectively the world 's 23 largest donors deliver aid .
The United States ranked 15th in overall effectiveness and only 13th in the level of generosity measured by the size of its economy .
But it ranked near the bottom , 22nd , when it came to ensure that political considerations do n't exclude worthy recipients of aid .
( Details )
DARA 's findings reflect what it called the United States ' use of humanitarian assistance to achieve military or political goals in eight crisis zones the group studied , including Afghanistan , Colombia and the Palestinian territories .
( Full )
Discovered via AidNews
Jealous lover who blinded woman with acid will be blinded with acid , Iranian court rules amid outcry over hangings
Amenah holds a photograph of her face before acid was thrown at it
A jealous lover who blinded a woman with acid is also to be blinded with acid under the country 's Islamic law .
A 27 - year - old named only as Majid confessed to attacking Amenah Bahrami in 2004 to dissuade anyone from marrying the woman he loved .
Wednesday 's ruling was issued based on the Islamic law system of ' qisas , ' or eye for an eye retribution .
The reports say Ameneh asked the court to sentence Majid , who was only identified by his first name , to be blinded by acid to prevent similar attacks on other women .
Majid is allowed to appeal the verdict .
Elsewhere , Iran hanged 10 people in a Tehran jail , all of them convicted of murder .
The executions are the latest in a series that have drawn criticism from rights groups .
It said one of those executed at Tehran 's Evin prison was a woman who killed her husband in 2001 and cut him into pieces .
' They were hanged after their sentences were upheld by the Supreme Court , ' Fars News Agency said , quoting judiciary sources .
Murder , adultery , rape , armed robbery , apostasy and drug trafficking are all punishable by death under Iran 's sharia law , practised since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
Rights groups and European governments have criticised Iran for an increase in the number of hangings since authorities launched a clampdown on ' immoral behaviour ' in July 2007 .
Iran dismisses accusations of abuses , insisting it is implementing Islamic law and accusing Western governments of carrying out rights abuses themselves .
Amnesty International said in April that Iran had executed at least 317 people last year , trailing only China , which carried out 470 death sentences .
The judge , Mr Justice Calvert - Smith , told him : " The equipment which you were hoping to buy on the day of your arrest is dreadful and dangerous , capable of killing or wounding a very large number of people in a small space of time and your intention was that it should be used for terrorist purposes in this country . "
A reader writes :
I voted here in San Francisco 's Noe Valley neighborhood about two hours ago .
It took about an hour to get through the line , and while standing there I was chatting with the 75 - year - old retired cop in front of me , and the young 30 - something gay couple in front of him , who had their two little girls in tow .
Everyone was in good spirits as the conversation moved from the Obama - McCain contest to the farce that is Sarah Palin , and then on to non-political matters , like the road work being done on the next block .
The conversation between the cop and the couple started to get animated toward the end of our hour in line as the three men began to discuss the current football season , wagering bets for this weekend 's games and making predictions for the Super Bowl .
And then , as we entered the firehouse that doubled as our polling place , as the couple and their daughters stepped out of line and up to the table to receive their ballots , I observed the cop in front of me .
He opened his sample ballot , took out his pen , scribbled out his " yes " vote on Proposition 8 , and filled in the ballot line for " no . "
I do n't think he knew that I observed him .
And since it was such a private moment I held back my tears of joy and my overwhelming desire to pat him on the back and say " thank you , sir . "
Instead , I left the polling place muttering to myself those two words you have repeated over and over during this election cycle , Andrew :
KNOW .
HOPE .
Videos Show Building 7's Vertical Collapse
The survival of several video recordings of Building 7's collapse , though of low resolution , allow study of the building 's motion and the time of collapse .
Each of the following videos shows the entire visible portion of the building falling with a vertical precision otherwise seen only in controlled demolition .
Moreover , they show that the collapse took only about 6.5 seconds from start to finish .
That rate of fall is within a second of the time it would take an object to fall from the building 's roof with no air resistance .
video broadcast by CBS - 1.4MB - mpeg
This 36 - second video shows Building 7 from an elevated vantage point to the distant northeast .
video from an NBC news camera - 1.5MB - mpeg
This 9 - second video shows the Building 7 collapse from a vantage point about mile to the northeast on West Broadway .
video broadcast on CBS - 1.7MB - mpeg
This 9.6 - second video shows the Building 7 collapse from a vantage point only about 1000 feet to the north .
Video Credits
WASHINGTON , Nov 19 ( Reuters ) - U.S. President - elect Barack Obama ’s top choice to lead the U.S Department of Homeland Security is Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano , CNN reported on Wednesday , citing multiple sources .
The Democratic governor , a supporter and campaigner for Obama ’s presidential campaign , had been reported to be on a short list of people to fill cabinet posts in the new administration .
CNN also reported that Chicago businesswoman Penny Pritzker was Obama ’s pick for commerce secretary .
( Reporting by JoAnne Allen , editing by Anthony Boadle )
I decided to join a number of survey websites and revisit a few that I ’d signed up for in the past but did n’t do much with or never hit the thresh hold .
I got sidetracked with other things …
Anyway like I said a few months ago I decided to give these survey companies a though review and I ’m happy I did for two reasons .
First that ’s what pennyroll.com is all about providing quality information regarding earning money online and offline and sharing it .
So here are some of the first results from some of the survey companies I ’ve reviewed .
I chose these because I ’ve received my first check from them .
Ottawa 's Cool Plan to Use White Snow For Green Energy
November 14th , 2008 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
Officials in Ottawa are considering a cool plan to use the ‘ cold energy ’ stored in snow as a source of renewable energy in public buildings across the city .
Under the plan , snow collected on the Ottawa streets during the cold winter months would be used to keep the city ’s hospitals , universities and government buildings cool during the hot summer .
Snow collected during the winter normally melts by early June , but , if the plan gets the green light , it will be insulated with wood chips , making it last until September .
The icy melt - water could then be fed through pipes to keep buildings cool without the need for expensive , and energy hungry , air conditioners .
A study commissioned to investigate the in ’s and out ’s of the scheme is due to report back early next year .
Councillor Diane Deans , who first dreamt up the idea , is very enthusiastic , telling reporters , “ I think our taxpayers would be a lot happier knowing that snow , instead of just piling up and melting and costing them money , was actually being reused . ”
Image Credit – * Micky via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Tens of thousands illegally denied voting rights Agence France - Presse
Published : Thursday October 9 , 2008
Print This Email This In Colorado , Indiana , Ohio , Michigan , Nevada and North Carolina , eligible voters were taken off rolls , and new registrations were blocked , illegally .
WASHINGTON ( AFP ) -
Tens of thousands of voters in at least six battleground states have been removed from election rolls or have been illegally blocked from registering to vote , according to an investigation by the New York Times published Thursday .
The anomalies , which are violations of US federal law , are largely bureaucratic mistakes in record keeping , and " do not seem to be coordinated by one party or the other , nor do they appear to be the result of election officials intentionally breaking rules , " said the newspaper .
The states affected -- Colorado , Indiana , Ohio , Michigan , Nevada and North Carolina -- are among the most crucial states that could swing either way in the November 4 presidential election between Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama .
While neither party appears to have been guilty of violations , the Democrats will most likely suffer the most because more Democratic voters have newly registered this year than Republicans .
As such , " the heightened screening of new applications may affect their party 's supporters disproportionately , " the newspaper reported .
The Times also suggested the problems could keep up until election day , when people who have been removed turn up and expect to vote " only to be challenged by political party officials or election workers , resulting in confusion , long lines and heated tempers . "
The newspaper identified the root cause as the 2002 Help America Vote Act , which allows states to remove from the rolls names of voters who should no longer be listed because they are dead , have moved out of the state or have been declared unfit to vote .
" For every voter added to the rolls in the past two months in some states , election officials have removed two , " the newspaper reported .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , an influential association for civil rights , said in a statement Thursday that the Department of Justice should compel states to comply with federal law .
" These purges are in violation of federal law , including the National Voter Registration Act , which prohibits such purges of voters 90 days before a federal election , " said the ACLU statement .
This video is from CNN's The Situation Room , broadcast October 9 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
When the networks projected an Ohio win for Obama on November 4th , I counted up the remaining states , and realized that Obama was going to win .
Like a lot of people that night , I wanted to celebrate .
I gladly turned off the TV and went out to get drunk .
As they were everywhere , people were out in the streets of Buffalo , NY , too that night .
Shouting , singing , crying , forming impromptu drum circles and dance troupes .
Strangers hugging each other , cars honking as they crawled by — this was unprecedented behavior in the Queen City , where the people generally exude a dull aura of eternal defeat .
Maybe this was what it would look like if the Bills actually won a Super Bowl .
Of course , people were celebrating Obama ’s victory , but I think the main source of jubilation was that the end of the Bush administration , and Republican rule , was finally in sight .
There were many cries of “ Obama ! ” that night , but there were just as many people expressing a superlative relief , like a long over - strained muscle finally relaxing , that our long national nightmare was finally over .
I , too , am glad — elated , really — that Bush ’s absurd , colossally tragic reign is nearing an end .
But that does n’t change the fact that we failed .
We all failed .
Congress failed , the courts failed , and the American people failed .
We have suffered through two terms of plainly illegitimate , nakedly contemptuous tyranny in a country that was designed to facilitate overthrowing tyrants , and we failed to do so .
I have no doubt that Obama , as disappointing as he will no doubt turn out to be , is a vast improvement over the past eight years , and may even be the best president of my lifetime — a dubious achievement at best .
But it ’s not enough to look forward and move on .
If anything is to be learned from the Bush disaster , it ’s important to look back , and to understand how terrible our failure has been .
As citizens , our expectations have fallen far and fast .
When Nixon ignored a subpoena , the nation was outraged .
Even Republican congressmen were vocally outraged , and Nixon was forced to resign to avoid impeachment .
When Nixon tried to fire a special prosecutor , his Attorney General resigned .
Then his Deputy Attorney General resigned .
When Reagan lied to the people about crimes far worse than Nixon ’s , it was a scandal , but our expectations had already been dramatically lowered .
There were hearings , but no impeachment .
A few years later , a Republican congress abused the impeachment process as an instrument of prudery , in an act of supreme political perversion .
And then the real rape of American government began , starting with Bush v. Gore .
Now , the president , and even his former employees , ignore subpoenas as a matter of routine .
They can exact political retribution on CIA agents ( Scott McClellan recently revealed that Bush told him he was responsible for the Valerie Plame leak ) , and get nothing but a few critical editorials in return .
They can fake us into a costly , bloody war , and no one will do anything but bitch about it .
They torture people to generate false intel , and nothing comes of it .
Nothing .
All this is to end on January 20th , presumably .
But Bush ’s underhanded tactics will not end on that day .
Still , he is showing us what “ sprinting to the finish ” means , as he furiously works to undermine the incoming Democrats in as many ways as possible .
For one , Bush is generating a last - minute smorgasbord of polluter - friendly regulatory rollbacks , setting new lows in terms of water quality and global warming emissions , setting new , lower standards for “ acceptable ” levels of coal slurry in streams , of melamine in food products , and generally manifesting their shamelessness and hostility toward American citizens .
New DoJ rules permit the FBI to engage in prolonged infiltration and surveillance of subjects who are not suspected of wrongdoing , and increased latitude in selecting these subjects based on their race and religion .
Over 90 such new “ regulations ” have occurred or are in the works , and while executive orders are fairly easy for an incoming president to reverse , changing new department - generated regulations entails a long and arduous process .
This extends Bush ’s disastrous impact well into the next term .
And so does this : Reports abound that scores of loyal Bush mid- and low - level appointees in many departments are in the process of “ burrowing , ” that is , changing their job status from political appointments , which change with each administration , to career civil service positions , which will make it hard for Obama to fire them when he takes office .
The object is clear : to surround Obama with hostile operatives , hamstringing his agenda at every turn with leaks , foot - dragging and other forms of sabotage .
Smooth transition , indeed .
Because congress and the American people have been asleep at the switch , the Obama administration will be spending much of the next four years struggling to simply undo most of what Bush has left them .
It will only be a few months before our amnesiac press starts to blame Obama for the inevitable economic collapse , environmental catastrophe , and foreign policy blowback Bush will leave him .
The next few years will reveal even darker secrets still unknown to us , a predictable result of tolerating the shadowy machinations of the most secretive administration ever .
All of this could have and should have been avoided , if the congress or the American people had any sense of duty , or responsibility , or really any sense at all .
The fact that Bush , Cheney , and the rest will walk out of the White House and back into lives of decadent opulence and ballooning bank accounts is a shame , a damn shame of historic proportions .
And the shame is ours .
Bush is the worst outlaw ever to occupy the White House , and it is not enough that he simply leave .
The message we have sent to power - mad , totalitarian presidents of the future is clear :
Do whatever you want ; we will do nothing to stop you .
The press will do everything in its power to gloss over your worst excesses , and marginalize your critics , and when the public finally catches on , the press will simply ignore you in favor of optimistic coverage of your possible successors .
At least that ’s how it works for Republicans .
Bush lied about Iraq ; it ’s nothing if not clear at this point .
And what the hell did we do about it ?
Bush failed miserably in New Orleans , dashing the image of Republican competence .
But what did we do about it ?
Even now , as Bush ’s economic team fools us into pouring an insane , gargantuan amount of money into the largest banks in the world , pulling a classic scare - and - switch tactic we should all be familiar with by now , nobody even murmurs about holding him accountable .
As we all hold our breath and wait for Obama to take office , we allow the most craven , criminal administration in American history to keep right on pillaging our laws , our money , and our collective sense of decency right to the end .
We , as a nation , are a miserable failure .
It ’s just not enough that it will soon be over .
It ’s not enough that we managed to get through it .
It ’s not enough that the Republicans are in disarray , apparently headed toward a schism .
These people should be in jail .
They should serve as an example to all who come after them , that there is only so much corruption , malfeasance , and rank incompetence that this nation will put up with .
Instead , their scot - free exit signals the impotence of this country in the face of an all - out hijacking of its government .
So sure , celebrate a victory for relative sanity in Obama ’s win .
But at the same time , we should be lamenting an all - out defeat for accountability .
An eight - year crime wave has swept through the most powerful democracy in the world , and the only people being punished are you and me .
And maybe we deserve it , because the true failure is ours .
http://www.buffalobeast.com/133/shame.htm
_______
Hugo Blanco .
Photo Caretas .
By Hugo Blanco
Cuzco , Peru , October , 3 2008 -- First , I would like to express my profound gratitude to all of the people and institutions who , upon hearing of my arrest , demanded my liberation . *
Every one of those was important .
But among those that touched me most , I should mention the pronouncement made by my Canadian brothers and sisters with whose support I am able to continue publishing Lucha Indígena the call from the Conacami ( The Peruvian National Confederation of Communities Affected by Mines ) with whom I share the anxious desire for a political project that emanates from the indigenous , campesino and grassroots organisations ; and the support of Wilbert Rozas , the mayor who instituted the indigenous communities ’ municipal government and went immediately to Paruro after learning of my arrest .
Thanks to this solidarity , I was quickly — though temporarily — released .
My connection to this case dates back to my childhood in Huanoquite , Paruro , Cuzco , when I first heard that the ranch owner Bartolomé Paz had branded his initials , BP , into the buttock of an indigenous campesino .
Naturally , Mr Paz was not arrested ; this was simply not done to a respectable person such as he .
It is very likely that this event marked me for life .
Now , Rosendo Paz , who inherited the ranch , has snatched lands from the Markhura annex of the Tantarcalla indigenous community , and has even put up a corral on these lands into which he puts stolen cattle , according to denouncements made .
The community has documents that prove their ownership of the land .
In 2006 , some of this community ’s resident came to the Cuzco Campesino Federation , of which they are members , to request that federation delegates be present for the members ’ upcoming land distribution ceremony .
I was assigned to the task by the federation ; I carried out my orders , immediately communicating this all to the local police station .
The police did not object to my presentation .
Subsequently , the ranch owner ordered the Huanoquite police under his control to assault the community members , an order which the police immediately complied .
Since the community members had the imprudence to resist the attack , they were beaten — women and crying children included — until driven back to the town and then to the city of Cuzco .
I was not present when this incident took place but was called to testify .
Naturally , those classified as criminals were not the aggressors , but rather the victims of aggression .
When , upon my arrest , I was told that I was being charged with “ Violence and resisting authority ” , I thought it had something to do with the incident during which I was not present .
I was wrong , the judge graciously clarified .
The crime of “ Violence and resisting authority ” was for having presided over the land distribution ceremony , during which there was neither violence , nor any state authority present .
I understand .
We are in a country in which parliament , abdicating its responsibility , authorises the government to legislate in its place when it comes to “ organised crime ” .
Alan Garcia used this authorisation to legislate against the calls of the organised population , thus criminalising protest .
Victims of this magical twist on language are the hundreds of prisoners or accused throughout Peru who demand their rights .
These comrades have the misfortune of not being well known and for this reason have no one crying in protest on their behalf , as I was fortunate enough to have and to which I owe my freedom .
I therefore call on those voices of solidarity whose quick action pulled me out of prison , to join me in defending all victims of protests ’ criminalisation .
It seems as if Conacami has already initiated this campaign , so let ’s join it .
I will hold on to the contact info of those who freed me with their voices in order to invite you to organise in defence of the other victims of repression .
In terms of my legal case , it is not over yet .
The system gets used to letting Damocles ’ sword hang in mid air as it descends on the heads of those who protest , with the tacit threat that those who do not improve their behaviour and shut their mouths , will feel the sword soon complete its fall .
The esteemed judge handed me an ambiguous document in which I supposed to show in court on November 21 , a date “ … which should be met irrevocably , the official orders for his detention remaining legally valid ” .
It ’s ambiguous because it does not say that I will be arrested should I not show , it simply says “ the official orders for his detention remaining legally valid ” .
This thus leaves the interpretation of the phrase to the repressors to carry out depending on the political necessities .
It is this kind of document which is now the norm and which means : “ If you shut up , nothing will happen to you , but if you continue protesting , you will end up in jail . ”
How can they explain that two years after the event at hand , I was captured by surprise without having been notified that I was due in court , when in the course of those two years , I had already been subpoenaed , appeared and testified in court on a separate matter ?
The explanation is that two years ago , they were minimally bothered by my presence .
But now , heated attack on indigenous communities put the entire countryside in turmoil , various organisations across the country are inviting me to debate the attack and coordinate a defence .
The prime minister has started calling me a “ night owl ” and my activities are clearly upsetting them .
I promise to continue in the five - century - old struggle against the oppression of our people , until I draw my last breath .
[ From http://www.ubnoticias.org/en/article/my-arrest]
* On October 1 , 2008 , Periodico Lucha Indigena , the newspaper Blanco edits , reported :
BOSTON U. —
Nearly two weeks after voters overwhelmingly approved Question 2 , a measure to decriminalize possession of less than one ounce of marijuana , police groups that have publicly opposed the measure have their own follow - up : Why bother ?
Under the law , which will take effect Dec. 4 , officers in Massachusetts will issue a fine to individuals in possession of an ounce or less of marijuana instead arresting them .
The question ’s approval will put police in a non-enforcement conundrum by forcing them to treat marijuana violations as a lower priority , Boston Police Patrolmen ’s Association Area A - 1 representative James Carnell said .
“ Smoking weed will become similar to jay - walking , where you have a law that ’s totally not enforced because it ’s a waste of everyone ’s time , ” he said .
Carnell said it is not worth an officer ’s time to seize the drugs and fill out all the necessary paperwork for a citation under the new law and $ 100 fine when the fined individuals are not even required to show a valid form of identification .
“ It would serve no purpose to hand out citations to people who are under no obligation to provide a positive photo ID , ” he said .
Often those arrested for marijuana possession are breaking other laws and without making an arrest , it will be harder for officers to investigate these crimes , Carnell said .
“ This is just one other tool out of our hands to do anything about crime , ” he said .
There is no way to predict how Massachusetts ’ police will handle the oncoming changes , Carnell said .
“ There is a whole range of issues that still have n’t been addressed and it is the street level officers who will be confronted with these issues , ” he said .
Last year , the Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy proposed the new law because the group said arrest records unfairly hurt offenders ’ chances to get jobs or secure financial aid , CSMP chairwoman Whitney Taylor said .
“ Lifetime barriers created by involvement with the criminal justice system are too harsh , ” she said .
“ We want the penalty to fit the offense . ”
Taylor said a criminal record makes it difficult for people to obtain jobs , housing and student loans , and the new law will reduce these struggles for many people .
The law is not meant to promote the use of marijuana , which is still an illegal substance , she said .
“ Eleven other states have passed similar laws and what we ’ve seen is that it does not affect marijuana usage rates at all , ” Taylor said .
Though the measure will soon take effect , Taylor said the CSMP will continue to work with Massachusetts police to insure the proper enforcement of the new marijuana policy .
“ We will be working with others to make sure law enforcement officials and officers on the street enforce the law correctly , ” she said .
Anti-drug groups like Massachusetts ’ Drug Abuse Resistance Education will continue to discourage drug use , D.A.R.E. Executive Director Domenic DiNatale said .
Still , he acknowledged some laws , no matter how stringently enforced , are powerless to influence some people .
“ People are going to use [ marijuana ] regardless of what the law says , ” he said .
Science fiction might be all about the future , the possibilities and limits of human beings when placed in extraordinary situations .
It might offer a way to explore hot political topics through a less incendiary medium .
But who cares ?
The best things about sci-fi are the rides : the hyperspace - surfing , gravity - defying spacecraft .
Freed from the constraints of Earthly physics and $ 4 per gallon gas , the spaceships on TV and in the movies can spend their time looking mean and , frankly , kicking ass .
Here 's a list of five of the best .
Buck Rogers ' Fighter
Sure , it 's part X - Wing , but there 's something seriously cool about the 1980s Buck Rogers fighter .
It 's sleek but just the right amount of boxy , and those twin spikes on the front make it look baaad .
Of course , those spikes did n't make it into the toy version – they were joined by a flat strip of metal to disable their eye - gouging abilities .
Sadly , the fighter was just about the only decent thing in the show ( although my Dad had a decidedly non -soft spot for Col. Wilma Deering ) .
Buck himself was played by the paunchy Gil Gerard , shoe - horned into a tight white suit , and even the robots were bad ( just what was Twiki up to ? )
In fact , the only thing saving the show was that it was a lot better than the Buster Crabbe version .
Discovery 1
It might not be a badass fighter , but the Discovery , from 2001 : A Space Odyssey , was the first movie spaceship that actually looked like a spaceship , not just a cross between a hotrod and a fighter plane .
Long and thin with a bulbous head , it would snap like a Twiglet in Earth gravity , but in space , it 's perfect .
And for the physics nerds , the ship had one other " feature " not often seen in the movies :
You could n't hear it .
All those blaster and laser sounds in Star Wars ?
Impossible .
Vacuums do n't carry mechanical sound waves .
Mark one up for the pedantic movie geek .
The Millennium Falcon
This is here because it has to be .
Probably the coolest spaceship ever seen , Han Solo 's freighter foreshadowed William Gibson 's ramshackle , workaday , cobbled - together tech by seven years .
Sure , it looks like a giant metal hamburger , but we 'd like to see a Big Mac that could make the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs .
The Viper
Another X - Wing look - alike , from another better - than - the - original remake : Battlestar Galactica .
The Viper is the ship you 'd fly if you could pick any spaceship to take for a ride , if only for the psychedelic launch - tube experience .
We can't decide whether the original or the re-imagined Viper would be more fun to drive but either way , the Starhound Class fighter / interceptor has the distinction of being flown by the only starfighter pilot to give her ( or his ) name to a chain of overpriced coffee shops .
Romulan Warbird
Why did we pick this over the Enterprise , or the Klingon Bird of Prey ?
Just look at it .
Of all the Star Trek ships , the Warbird is the scariest , most kickass - looking of them all .
Positive proof that the bad guys always get the best gear .
Compare this to the USS Enterprise , which looks like a dinner plate and a couple of flashlights .
The People 's Choice
Obviously I will have picked the wrong top five , so here 's your chance to fix things .
Tell us what you think is the Awesomest Spaceship of All Time .
By Patrick Bond and Richard Kamidza
ADDIS ABABA , June 11 , 2008 --
In even the most exploitative African sites of repression and capital accumulation , sometimes corporations take a hit , and victims sometimes unite on continental lines instead of being divided and conquered .
Turns in the class struggle might have surprised Walter Rodney , the political economist whose 1972 classic How Europe Underdeveloped Africa provided detailed critiques of corporate looting .
In early June , the British - Dutch firm Shell Oil –- one of Rodney 's targets -- was instructed to depart the Ogoniland region within the Niger Delta in southern Nigeria , where in 1995 Shell officials were responsible for the execution of Ken Saro - Wiwa by Nigerian dictator Sani Abacha .
After decades of abuse , women protesters , local NGOs and the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People ( MOSOP ) gave Shell the shove .
France 's Total appears to be the next in line to go , in part because of additional pressure from the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( MEND ) .
Across the continent , exploitation by other European capitalists and politicians has become so extreme that something has to break .
Although it was six months ago that the European Union 's ultra-manipulative trade negotiator , Peter Mandelson , cajoled 18 wretched African leaderships –- including crisis - ridden Cote d'Ivoire , neoliberal Ghana and numerous frightened agro-exporting countries -- into the trap of signing interim “ Economic Partnership Agreements ” ( EPAs ) , a backlash is now growing .
An Addis Ababa conference from June 9 - 11 brought officials from the African Union and a few African states together with critical academics and scholar - activists allied to the Council for the Development of Social Science Research ( Codesria ) .
It 's extremely rare to find genuine coincidence of interests , and even possible strategic agreement , between these camps .
“ We can't continue to deal with incompetent , weak , corrupt , supine governments ' ' , explained Dot Keet of the Alternative Information and Development Centre in Cape Town .
“ But these are not factors of the same order of magnitude .
The domination of African countries by neocolonialism and the subordinate stance by African governments are not the same .
We must be clear where the main driving force comes from : outside Africa .
We have to tackle the source . ”
National sovereignty decimated
The conference host , Codesria director Adebayo Olukoshi , provided a visionary strategy in the spirit of Nkrumah , calling for a united Africa .
Pretoria - based Nigerian academic Omano Edigheji insisted on this happening “ in the context of transformative social policies ” in the leading countries , in contrast to the Washington Consensus .
Added Zambian trade union leader Austin Muneku , “ This should be integration from below , by the people and their organisations , not from above by elites . ”
From above , many African elites have succumbed to what Olukoshi terms trade - balkanisation , following the lead set by colonial pigs in the 1884 - 85 Berlin conference that so irrationally carved up the continent .
Since 2002 , the EPAs have supplanted the agenda of the gridlocked World Trade Organisation , just as bilateral trade deals with the US , China and Brazil are also now commonplace .
A united Europe deals with individual African countries in an especially pernicious way , because aside from free trade in goods , Mandelson last October hinted at other invasive EPA conditions that will decimate national sovereignty : “ Our objective remains to conclude comprehensive , full economic partnership agreements .
These agreements have a WTO - compatible goods agreement at their core , but also cover other issues . ”
Those other “ Singapore ” issues ( named after the site of a 1996 WTO summit ) include investment protection ( so future policies do n't hamper corporate profits ) , competition policy ( to break local large firms up ) and government procurement ( to end programs like South Africs 's affirmative action ) .
These were removed from the WTO by African negotiators during the Cancun summit in 2003 , but have reemerged through EPA bilaterals .
Says Zimbabwean anti-EPA campaigner Nancy Kachingwe , “ These are not trade agreements , they 're structural adjustment programs .
It 's about policy and all sorts of other controls , and the impacts are the same . ”
Europeans ' regular abuses of donor power include threats of trade preference withdrawal if EPAs are not signed .
European capital has made its own needs clear : not only access to cheap commodities , as was enjoyed under the Lomé Convention , but also unrestricted access to African markets , protection from potential restrictive public policies and a buffer from Chinese competition .
According to Gyekye Tanoh of Third World Network in Accra , “ The key thing for Mandelson is to gain exclusive preferential market access .
Europe is gaining 80 % of our markets in exchange for what is effectively just 2 % of theirs . ”
Already , says Tanoh , “ The effect of trade liberalisation on African agriculture is a disaster , with only one sector anticipated to grow : agro-processing .
That 's the one that most easily invites European capital to scale up investments in joint ventures .
Agricultural output would only increase by 1 % , our studies show .
But the big contradiction is in the export of cash crops , at a time of severe pressure on food products . ”
African farmers ’ ability to sell on the local market will be undercut by rapid trade liberalisation that opens the way to surges of cheap , often subsidised imports .
Women are most adversely affected .
As Walter Rodney observed , “ It is typical of underdeveloped economies that they do not -- or are not allowed to -- concentrate on those sectors of the economy which in turn will generate growth and raise production to a new level altogether , and there are very few ties between one sector and another so that , say , agriculture and industry could react beneficially on each other . ”
Earlier allegedly “ developmental trade ” strategies , such as the EU's “ Everything But Arms ” deal , have n't worked , because of strict rules of origin and serious supply - side constraints .
There is simply no capacity in African firms to penetrate Europe given this continent 's small production runs and high transport costs .
As Keet suggested , it therefore may be time to question trade itself -– not merely the mythical “ export - led growth ” shibboleth -- in part because climate change will soon invoke hefty taxes on ships ( whose dirty bunker oil sends vast amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere ) .
Yet EPAs will require an even greater African investment in port infrastructure and other management costs necessary to facilitate trade .
Added Senegalese scholar Cherif Salif Sy , “ Most of Africa has an electricity crisis , and yet to get economies of scale for European agro- processing companies if they locate in Dakar , they require vast amounts of electricity .
And they come with the power to demand a lower price , which puts much more stress on our grid and causes the price to go up for local buyers , and the supply to be redirected . ”
African firms cannot compete in this sector , as they lack the brand names , skills and marketing structures that European companies enjoy .
The same firms have also no access to EU support in the forms of straight subsidies , tax incentives , research and development funding or concessional credit .
As a result , African countries face unreliable provision of public utilities ( electricity and water ) ; poor public infrastructure ( run down roads and railways ) ; rapidly fluctuating exchange rates and high inflation ; labour productivity problems arising from poor education , health and housing provision ; vulnerable market institutions ( such as immature financial systems ) ; and poorly functioning legal frameworks .
The EU has no interest in reversing such fundamental structural economic challenges .
Call for negotiations to be halted
From early on , African civil society movements -– especially the African Trade Network -- called on elites to halt the negotiations .
But it has not been easy to develop a strong coalition , as Third World Network director Yao Graham concedes : “ Unions have been too syndicalist , while our justice movements have been exhausted fighting structural adjustment .
The local private sector has been absent .
But in some regions , like West Africa , agricultural producers have been well organised and opposed to EPAs .
Links to the Caribbean are weak .
But we are working behind enemy lines with progressive allies in Europe , including within the Brussels parliament . ”
Graham points to the surprising resistance to EPAs from the South African government , especially deputy trade minister Rob Davies - – in the wake of the 2004 departure for another ministry by former trade minister Alec Erwin ( so effective a free trader that he was once endorsed for WTO director in Foreign Policy journal ) .
Nigeria is another crucial state , one which is publicly pro-EPA but nevertheless slowed the process down and refused Mandelson 's pressure to sign an interim deal .
According to Graham , “ It should be possible to shrink the EPA agenda to nonreciprocal market access to goods , and no more .
This we can win in coming months . ”
His colleague Tanoh says that inspiration comes to the campaigners from South Korea : “ The Seoul government is backing down -– and cabinet has resigned -- when protesters attacked US beef imports , and they reversed their trade deal . ”
Elites a `transmission line ' for imperialism
African social movements will have to strengthen considerably to have that degree of influence on elites .
“ Can a corrupt government represent you when it negotiates with outside actors ? ” , asks Nairobi - based pan-Africanist intellectual Tajudeen Abdul - Raheem .
“ In most cases their negotiating position is aimed at maximising their personal or familial interests . ”
Hence , remarks Bernard Founou - Tchuigoua of the World Forum for Alternatives in Dakar , “ In these agreements there is inherent corruption , in their very substance .
We do n't want these . ”
Rodney might agree , as he criticised “ the minority in Africa which serves as the transmission line between the metropolitan capitalists and the dependencies in Africa ...
The presence of a group of African sell - outs is part of the definition of underdevelopment .
Any diagnosis of underdevelopment in Africa will reveal not just low per capita income and protein deficiencies , but also the gentlemen who dance in Abidjan , Accra and Kinshasa when music is played in Paris , London and New York . ”
[ And now , with EPAs and the WTO , add Brussels and Geneva . ]
One UN Economic Commision for Africa 's representative here -- Ben Idrissa Ouedraogo -– provided an example , advancing what Keet termed “ out - dated World Bank arguments ” : namely , that African consumer benefits would compensate the structural economic destruction .
But because Mandelson is squeezing so hard , he may be single - handedly breaking the links between elites .
Led by Senegalese and Malian politicians , most of the African officials at the conference agreed with the left intelligentsia that dangers now arise of :
regional disintegration ( due to EU bilateral negotiations and subregional blocs ) and internecine race - to - the - bottom competition ;
threats of not only deindustrialisation but further EU penetration of the African services sector ;
increasing social polarisation ( including along gender lines ) , and the rise of parasitical classes ; and
much greater gains for some sectors of the capitalist class : owners of plantations , mines and oil fields ; commercial circuits of capital ; and financial institutions .
Even the conservative Botswana president , Festus Mogae , admitted in 2004 , “ We are somewhat apprehensive towards EPAs despite the EU assurances .
We fear that our economies will not be able to withstand the pressures associated with liberalisation . ”
Moving from fear to confidence in rejecting the EU wo n't be easy .
But a step was taken by Nigerian president Umaru Musa Yar 'Adua during his Cape Town visit last week , unilaterally announcing the end of Shell 's hell in Ogoniland : “ There is a total loss of confidence between Shell and the Ogoni people .
So , another operator acceptable to the Ogonis will take over . ”
In Paris , Total 's Christophe de Margerie reacted : “ We have people who work over there ... who are unfortunately more and more often subjected to major aggressions ( or being ) kidnapped .
We are asking ourselves the question ( about whether to follow Shell ) . ”
Meanwhile in Saro - Wiwa 's memory , MOSOP had a celebration in Port Harcourt , and its information officer , Bari-ara Kpalap , thanked Yar 'Adua , yet also promised more agitation in the Niger Delta “ until the government took more practical and sincere steps to genuinely address the problems of the area ” .
As all agreed , booting European exploiters was the necessary first step .
[ Patrick Bond directs the University of KwaZulu - Natal Centre for Civil Society in Durban .
Richard Kamidza is doing a doctoral degree at the centre . ]
Zimbabwe 's political power - sharing deal – the hope of that tattered country – is on the verge of collapse .
Big -man leader Robert Mugabe has grabbed the mightiest ministries for himself , handing paltry leftovers to the opposition .
But the problem is not that Mr. Mugabe wo n't share .
It 's that his top generals fear what will happen to them if he does .
The fear is typical of perpetrators of violence and suppression whose influence is coming to an end .
In Africa , it gripped military and political leaders in Rwanda , Burundi , and Liberia , to name a few countries once cleaved by civil war and atrocities .
It did n't come to civil war in Zimbabwe , which not long ago was a prosperous nation , and now suffers searing inflation , joblessness , and hunger .
But its citizens well remember the burned homes , beatings , rapes , and killings by President Mugabe 's security forces in the run-up to last June 's presidential election .
Had the campaign been fair and safe , Morgan Tsvangirai , the leader of the opposition party Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , would have likely ousted Mugabe , who has ruled for 28 years .
Instead , Mr. Tsvangirai signed a deal last month that allows his nemesis to stay on as president , while he takes the post of prime minister .
Cabinet ministries are to be almost evenly divided between Mugabe 's ZANU - PF party and his rivals .
At the signing , though , it was n't decided who would get which ministries , and negotiations have broken down .
Tsvangirai indicated he could live with the Army in Mugabe 's portfolio , if he could have the police ( which brutalized him and many MDC faithful ) and also the finance ministry , which must change hands if the West is to gain confidence in a new unity government and lift sanctions .
But this sensible allotment has met stiff resistance in Mugabe 's camp .
Part of the concern is loss of patronage .
The far more serious obstacle is the worry by the military brass that they will be investigated by police who come under Tsvangirai 's control – and then prosecuted .
Tsvangirai has publicly said he has no interest in retribution , but the power - sharing deal does not guarantee immunity , and the generals remain suspicious .
They sought protection in Mugabe , who owes them his job , and he obliged last week by unilaterally claiming the police and key ministries .
When African leaders meet in Zimbabwe Oct. 27 to try to end this impasse , Tsvangirai wants them to pressure Mugabe .
But the pressure seems misplaced .
It is the generals who need persuading .
In the near term , Tsvangirai should build bridges to the military leaders and try to establish some level of trust .
This is how , for instance , Burundi has been able to move forward since signing a peace accord in 2000 ( an accord that also did not guarantee immunity ) .
In the longer term , Zimbabwe needs to find a balance between justice and mercy .
It has a model in South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission , which investigated apartheid 's human rights violations , sought reparation for victims , and weighed amnesty .
If Zimbabwe is to unify and heal , it must move from big -man to big - heart politics .
That 's a long journey , but if Tsvangirai begins by taking the first step , he makes it easier for Mugabe & Co. to follow .
Confederate battle flag , Obama yard sign
A house in Martinsville , Indiana , via my colleague Marty Kady .
Another reminder of how complicated this race stuff is .
Posted on November 2 , 2008 in Uncategorized
CNN confirms the obvious :
A CNN / Opinion Research Corporation survey released Sunday indicates that McCain ’s running mate is growing less popular among voters and may be costing the Republican presidential nominee a few crucial percentage points in the race for the White House .
Fifty - seven percent of likely voters questioned in the poll say that Palin does not have the personal qualities a president should have .
That ’s up eight points since September .
Fifty - three percent say that she does not agree with them on important issues .
That ’s also higher than in September .
What ’s most interesting is there is n’t a lot to point to in what went wrong in the McCain campaign .
Frankly , it ’s kind of impressive he was able to run this strong given the financial crisis and Bush ’s legacy .
But damn , the whole shit house really went in flames when he selected Sarah Palin , over more experienced and likable women like Olympia Snow or less marginalizing moderate figures like Tom Ridge or Joe Liebermann .
With that said , let ’s recap what Sarah Palin has meant to the McCain campaign :
Sarah Palin has the highest negative ratings of any candidate in the 2008 election , is the most polarizing political figure in the current campaign , and is viewed as one of the most disliked politicians by independents and women ( not to mention regarded as the least qualified ) … and somehow she is supposedly the future of the Republican party ?
By making Sarah Palin the face of reformed , post - Bush conservatism , the Republicans are showing they have learned nothing from the past 8 years .
Palin as the figurehead of the new vanguard is a fitful protest from the radical elements of the Republican party that are unrelenting and inflexible about their own share of power within the party and the American political paradigm .
Rather than thinking forward , these elements continue to live in the 2000 American political climate — one absent of real foreign and domestic issues , and thus beset by moral challenges set forth by the indiscretions of the Clinton administration .
But it is now 2008 and soon to be 2012 , where the determination of Christian morality of 2000 and 2004 have given way to the foreign policy and economic realities of 2008 .
The Republican vision remains locked on legislating the perceived evils out of society while quixotically pursuing and pushing the foolhardy neoconservative agenda of the Bush administration .
This vision runs in stark contrast to the direction envisaged by the majority of the American electorate , with Palin serving as a all - to - clear reminder to the American voter of the worst elements of the discredited neoconservative movement .
The elevation of Palin as the keystone to the future of the GOP can be best described as the self - immolation of the Republican Party .
Enjoy what you read ?
Subscribe to Prose Before
Hos via email or via RSS feed .
See Also : John McCain : Dishonest and Dishonorable , Quebecistan Terrorists Attack Our Dear Bible Spice , Sarah Palin does n’t understand the First Amendment , Not The First Time , The Coming Republican Minority , Palin Continues to Hold McCain ’s Head Under Water , John McCain mocks Sarah Palin on ‘ SNL ’ : Funny or tacky ? , Spread The Wealth Around , and Why Obama is going to win in a landslide .
[ tags ] sarah palin , sarah palin and the mccain campaign , sarah palin unfavorable ratings , sarah palin disliked , independent voters , perceptions of sarah palin , cnn poll , nytimes poll , new york times poll , negative ratings , 2008 campaign , john mccain , future of the republicans , GOP , republican party , polarizing figure , disliked politician , unqualified [ / tags ]
David Axmark , a cofounder and former lead engineer for MySQL , has resigned from Sun Microsystems a few weeks after another cofounder said he may also leave the company .
" I have thought about my role at Sun and decided that I am better off in smaller organisations , " Axmark wrote in his resignation letter , according to a blog post Tuesday from Kaj Arno , head of MySQL community relations .
" I HATE all the rules that I need to follow , and I also HATE breaking them .
It would be far better for me to ' retire ' from employment and work with MySQL and Sun on a less formal basis , " Axmark wrote .
His last day with Sun will be Nov. 10 , Arno said via instant message from Germany .
Axmark filled several important roles at MySQL over the years , including head of engineering , head of internal IT and head of community relations .
It 's because of Axmark that MySQL is open - source software , according to Arno .
Another cofounder , Michael " Monty " Widenius , had planned it to be closed source , he said .
His departure will be a setback for Sun , which acquired MySQL for US $ 1 billion in January and hopes to attract new developers to the database .
Early last month Arno confirmed that Widenius was also thinking of resigning from Sun .
He is still with the company , but his future there is still " hard to predict , " Arno said Tuesday .
Axmark is an " important figurehead " at MySQL and someone who recruited many of its top engineers , Arno said .
But his role lately has been primarily speaking with the press and liasing with the open - source community , according to Arno .
Axmark will continue to do consulting and speaking engagements for Sun , he said .
" Emotionally , it 's a sad moment to see a cofounder leave -- but the day - to - day impact is low , " Arno said via instant message .
Marten Mickos , MySQL 's former CEO , continues to lead the database group within Sun , and Jeffrey Pugh is still head of engineering , Arno said .
Axmark could n't be reached for comment Tuesday .
Arno said the things he disliked about being part of a large company were " mundane things " like having to turn in expense reports , order travel and change his e-mail to " @sun.com . "
' He seduced you ' : Married housewife who had sex with boy , 14 , walks free from court after judge 's extraordinary ruling
Sharon Edwards pleaded guilty to four charges of sexual activity with a child and offering to supply Class A drugs
A judge caused outrage yesterday after he refused to jail a woman who had sex with a 14 - year - old boy and instead told her : ' He seduced you . '
Sharon Edwards , 40 , bombarded the boy with as many as 50 text messages and emails a day , offered to buy him cocaine and regularly lured him into her bed .
Yet she walked free from court yesterday after Judge Peter Fox QC said the married housewife was an unhappy woman who was unable to resist the advances of a child .
' You had been a very unhappy lady for a very considerable period of time when this 14 - year - old boy seduced you , and not you him , both so far as sexual matters and drugs are concerned , ' he said .
Her eight - year marriage to a luxury car sales tycoon was falling apart , she felt trapped and lonely and was flattered by the attention the boy was paying her , Teesside Crown Court heard .
But last night the boy 's mother attacked the judge 's decision .
She said : ' He 's still a child .
If this had been a man he would almost certainly have been jailed but instead she gets to walk free and pick up her life .
' She still lives round here and can now do whatever she wants and go wherever she wants .
It 's outrageous .
I can't believe what 's happened . '
Edwards , a mother of two , admitted having sex with the boy on four separate occasions between September last year and January and yesterday was given a 12 - month jail term , suspended for two years .
She also pleaded guilty to offering to supply the teenager a Class A drug .
The boy , who cannot be named , was a pupil at the same school her two sons attend when the relationship began .
They stayed in contact through text messages and emails and on one occasion Edwards took him to her sister 's empty home for a night of sex .
But in January her suspicious husband , Mark , 43 , discovered scores of emails she had sent to and received from the boy .
He confronted her at their £ 500,000 home in Stockton , Teesside , before contacting the youngster 's mother .
Judge Fox : ' Exceptional case '
Tina Dempster , prosecuting , said the boy later broke down in tears when his mother asked him if the allegations were true .
She then called the police .
' He was crying , ' said Miss Dempster .
' He told her he was sorry but he did not know how to stop it .
He was extremely distressed , saying that his life was over and he might as well die now .
' The next day he was interviewed by the police and he confirmed that he had had a crush on her and that they had sexual intercourse the previous night . '
Miss Dempster said that Mr Edwards first became suspicious in October last year after discovering that his wife was sending and receiving up to 50 text messages a day from the same number .
Despite a blossoming property empire and a successful car sales business , their marriage was struggling to survive .
They had decided to make a go of it but by the end of October Mr Edwards was convinced his wife was having an affair .
He confronted her about his suspicions but she denied it .
On January 18 he accessed his wife 's MSN messaging programme and changed the settings so that all the sent messages would be saved .
' The next morning he checked the messages and he realised that the person with whom she was having a sexual relationship was the boy , ' said Miss Dempster .
In one of the messages the boy asked her to buy some cocaine .
She agreed and then said he would not need to pay her .
Deborah Sherwin , defending Edwards , said her client had pleaded guilty because she did not want her young victim to have to give evidence in court .
She added : ' She was a sad and lonely housewife , she was not working , her parents had moved abroad , she was stuck at home , her marriage was failing and this boy paid her attention and she was flattered by it . '
Judge Fox QC described the case as ' exceptional ' before telling Edwards he would not be sending her to jail because the boy had seduced her , and not the other way round .
' Of course , you have responsibility as an adult to reject his advances in both regards , ' he added .
Last night Claude Knights , director of children 's charity Kidscape , said : ' This sentence sets an awful precedent .
The judge seems to be suggesting that in some way this is all down to the victim .
' But how on earth can he be regarded as responsible for what happened ?
He is just a child .
He may look mature and he may even be sexually active but he is still a child and this is still abuse . '
Diana Sutton , head of policy at the NSPCC , said : ' It is unacceptable to describe the child victim in this case as the seducer .
This gives out completely the wrong message - that sex abuse is the fault of the child , when in reality it never is . '
Edwards was ordered to register as a sex offender for five years .
Updated 9/7 9:35 PM
EST
On August 22 , the US military reported that an airstrike in Herat province killed 30 militants and no civilians .
It did n’t take long for locals and Afghan officials to dispute this report , claiming that the toll included scores of civilians .
The toll rose as bodies were pulled from the rubble , rising to at least 90 civilians , a count later confirmed by a United Nations investigator .
The US however stuck to its original account , revising the number only slightly to include seven civilians killed .
The US has also accused villagers who claimed higher numbers killed of spreading Taliban propaganda .
However , a video has emerged which seems to dispute the US military ’s account and support the accounts of every other agency .
The grainy eight minute video was shot by a doctor with his cellphone , and shows scores of dead civilians in the village ’s mosque .
Citing “ new information ” about the attacks General McKiernan , the senior commander for US troops in Afghanistan , has asked CENTCOM to send a general to review the initial investigation .
While the general did n’t specify what the information was the New York Times article cites a myriad of items that have been available to investigators , including the aforementioned video footage of the aftermath and statements from several credible witnesses placing the account roughly in line with the findings of both the UN and Afghan governments .
However , this information was all available to officials at the time of the UN investigation and was apparently an important aspect of their findings .
Since the US military ’s investigation did not conclude until after the UN ’s did , it is unclear how any of this would constitute “ new ” information .
The vast difference between the US account and that of everyone else has strained ties with the Afghan government , an issue NATO has attempted to ease with an announced joint probe .
But Afghan villagers and officials continue to express outrage at both the high number of US - inflicted civilian deaths and the all - too - familiar US denials .
I 've been going to the Toronto Zoo regularly for 7 or 8 years now - basically once or twice a year since my daughter was born .
I went a few times as a kid as well , but there 's a period of probably around 15 or 20 years where I never got around to visiting .
That period coincides with the time that the zoo installed its biggest ride * .
The Canadian Domain Ride was a monorail running on a 5.6 km long concrete guideway , connecting a number of the zoo 's domains ( in comparison , the monorail track in Disneyland , California is 4 km in length ) .
The Canadian Domain Ride was in operation from 1976 through 1994 , but suffered several serious accidents ( one in 1991 that injured 9 people and a second in 1994 that injured several dozen passengers resulting in broken bones for some ) ; the second accident led to the ride being permanently shut down .
Even though the Toronto Zoo closed the monorail and dismantled the electrical components , the concrete guideway and passenger stations have remained largely intact .
I 'm not sure why the zoo management chose not to tear down the abandoned rail system , although some of the stations were re-purposed as washrooms and refreshment stands .
Every year , as we wander the zoo grounds , I am fascinated by that crumbling infrastructure .
It 's a little surreal , seeing the remnants , but having no memory of the actual machinery in operation .
The concrete gets a little more pitted and stained and more overgrown with vegetation each year , but life continues on around it as though it 's just part of the natural scenery .
It 's a little spooky , frankly , and looking at the abandoned stations as the encroaching vines and trees slowly reclaim their territory reminds me a little of the eerie photos published of Chernobyl twenty years after the nuclear power plant disaster .
A much smaller and less tragic scale , obviously , but watching how quickly nature can overwhelm the concrete constructs of civilization is humbling .
The evidence of the system 's existence is harder to see every year and I suspect that half the people milling about the zoo on any given day do n't even know that there was once a monorail zipping through the grounds .
I 'm half expecting and kind of rooting for the possibility that the whole thing eventually disappears behind the trees before anyone finally gets around to demolishing it , leaving a fine mystery for someone to rediscover , decades from now .
I 'd love to climb up there and take a hike along the track , but I do n't think the zoo officials would be so keen on that idea - besides , I think it ran through one side of the African Savanna and I 'd rate my chances with lions - even relatively " tame " and well fed zoo lions - to be not so good .
* Because someone is bound to ask , no word on whether Lyle Lanley was involved in the sale of this system or if zoo management visited North Haverbrook to view their monorail before opting to purchase .
An abandoned monorail station at the zoo
One of the few vantage points where the concrete guideway is still obvious
Vladimir Putin served two terms as president before standing down A bill to extend the presidential term from four to six years has passed the lower house of the Russian parliament , the Duma , by an overwhelming majority .
Some 392 deputies voted for the constitutional changes , to 57 against , in the bill 's third and final reading .
The measure also has to pass the upper house , but that is seen as a formality , as it is largely loyal to the Kremlin .
The bill has been fast - tracked , and is being seen as a sign Vladimir Putin may return to the presidency soon .
Mr Putin became prime minister this year after being obliged under the constitution to step down after two consecutive presidential terms .
He was succeeded as president by Dmitry Medvedev .
As for who will run for office and when , it 's too early to talk about that now
Vladimir Putin
Russian Prime Minister
What is Putin 's game ?
The BBC's Richard Galpin in Moscow says it has always been assumed that Mr Putin may return after Mr Medvedev has completed one term .
But the apparent rush to get this constitutional amendment through is being seen by some as a sign that Mr Putin is in a hurry and may return much sooner .
Then he could potentially serve another two six - year terms .
The bill also extends the mandate of the lower house , the State Duma , from four years to five .
The constitutional change will only apply to the next president and the government says it is needed because the existing four - year term is too short to implement serious reforms in such a huge country .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hancock County Genealogy Meeting Wednesday , 08 April 2015 17:59 | Written by Brian Wednesday , 08 April 2015 17:59 | Written by Brian
The Hancock County Genealogical Society will hold their next monthly meeting on Saturday , April 11 , 2015 at 10:00 in the Riverview Room of the Ellsworth Public Library .
The meeting is free and open to the public .
Guest Speaker will be Nancy Milliken Mason , a genetic genealogist who has been doing traditional genealogy research for over 30 years .
Nancy was born in Portland , Maine and grew up in Cumberland .
She has many stories to share about using DNA to assist with traditional research .
Nancy travels when and wherever she can to attend workshops and conferences and to give presentations about genetic genealogy .
For more information please contact Patti Leland at 207-266-6186 or email
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Genetic Genealogy ~ How When Where and Why New to the idea of DNA testing for genealogy research ?
Learn about the three major test types , Y - DNA , mtDNA , and atDNA .
Find out what each test offers and which one might help you best with your research .
This is a new field , but one that ’s growing rapidly .
Genetic DNA testing can help you discover the origins of your paternal and maternal lines .
It can prove or disprove a genealogical problem .
This testing can help find unknown family lines in cases of adoption or other separations from biological lines .
It does this by comparing your results with other individuals ’ test results .
It can help find relatives with whom you share a common ancestor .
These new relatives might help you break through your genealogical ‘ brick wall ’ and they may have pictures and stories to share .
It is a wonderful new tool to be used with traditional genealogical research .
Steamboats of Casco Bay : Tonight 7- 8:30 in Freeport Wednesday , 28 January 2015 16:09 | Written by Brian Wednesday , 28 January 2015 16:09 | Written by Brian From : http://tiny.cc/tby6sx
Rebecca
Hotelling will present “ Steamboats of Casco Bay , ” Wednesday , Jan. 28 , from 7 - 8:30 p.m. , in the meeting room at Freeport Community Library .
The program is in conjunction with the Freeport Historical Society ’s exhibit , “ You Can Get There From Here : How Transportation Defined Freeport . ”
Steamboats ruled the waters of Casco Bay for more than a century , from 1823 through the 1930s .
At its height , the traffic included 48 steamboat companies operating from 98 wharves .
Hotelling will discuss the history of these vessels in the greater Casco Bay region , with a particular focus on vessels constructed in Freeport , as well as their owners , captains and routes .
Hotelling has lived in Freeport for more than 40 years and spent much time sailing the waters of Casco Bay .
During her time volunteering for Freeport Historical Society , she conducted research for the current exhibit .
In the course of that research , she became intrigued with the stories of local steamboats .
The exhibit runs through the end of January Freeport Historical Society ’s headquarters at 45 Main St .
It is open Tuesday - Friday , from 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. , with a suggested donation of $ 3 .
The exhibit and lecture series are made possible by the Maine Humanities Council and Norway Savings Bank .
Admission to the talk is free for historical society , $ 5 for non-members .
For more information , visit www.freeporthistoricalsociety.org.
I ’ve experimented with audio transcription lately , but always with big , clumsy humans .
I ’d happily use cyborgs speech recognition software , but even today , automatic conversion of voice - to - text is still flawed .
Naturally , I was intrigued when Google announced they were adding voice searching to their Google Mobile iPhone app .
Google ’s flirted with voice - to - text conversion in the past , with GOOG - 411 and their Audio Indexing of political videos on YouTube .
But this is the first time they ’re offering a web - accessible interface for speech conversion , albeit completely undocumented , so I decided to poke around a bit to see what I could find .
Over the last few hours , I ’ve been analyzing the traffic proxied through my network , trying to reverse - engineer it to get to something usable , but I ’ve hit my limits .
I ’m posting this with the hopes that someone out there can run with it and find out more .
Behind the Scenes
Here ’s what we know so far :
When you first start speaking into the microphone , the app opens a connection to Google ’s server and starts sending over chunks of audio , almost certainly encoded with the open - source Speex codec .
The waveform image is generated on the phone and displayed along with a “ Working ” indicator and the adorable “ beep - boop ” sounds .
In the background , a tiny file is being sent as a POST request to http://www.google.com/m/appreq/gmiphone.
Here ’s what the headers look like :
POST /m / appreq / gmiphone HTTP /1.1 User - Agent : Google /0.3.142.951 CFNetwork/339.3 Darwin/9.4.1 Content - Type : application / binary Content - Length : 271 Accept : */* Accept -Language : en-us Accept - Encoding : gzip , deflate Pragma : no -cache Connection : keep - alive Connection : keep - alive Host : www.google.com
The response from Google is an even smaller attachment .
These two files are the same for every query , so do n’t contain any meaningful information .
HTTP/1.1 200 OK Content - Type : application / binary Content - Disposition : attachment Date : Tue , 18 Nov 2008 13:06:53 GMT
X - Content - Type-Options : nosniff Expires : Tue , 18 Nov 2008 13:06:53 GMT
Cache - Control : private , max - age=0 Content - Length : 114 Server : GFE/1.3
After the audio ’s sent to Google , they return an HTML page with the results and a second request is triggered , this time a GET request to clients1.google.com with the converted voice - to - text string .
GET / complete/search?client=iphoneapp&hjson=t&types=t &spell=t&nav=2&hl=en&q=chicken%20soup
HTTP/1.1 User - Agent : Google /0.3.142.951 CFNetwork/339.3 Darwin/9.4.1 Accept : */* Accept -Language : en-us Accept - Encoding : gzip , deflate Pragma : no -cache Connection : keep - alive Connection : keep - alive Host : clients1.google.com
The response is an array of search terms in JSON format , for use in search autocompletion .
[ " chicken soup " , [ [ " http://www.chickensoup.com/ " , " Chicken Soup for the Soul " , 5 , " " ] , [ " http://www.chickensoupforthepetloverssoul.com/ " , " Chicken Soup for the Pet Lover 's Soul " , 5 , " " ] , [" chicken soup recipe " , " 489,000 results " , 0 , " 2 " ] , [" chicken soup for the soul " , " 1,470,000 results " , 0 , " 3 " ] , [" chicken soup dog food " , " 462,000 results " , 0 , " 4 " ] , [" chicken soup with rice " , " 467,000 results " , 0 , " 5 " ] , [" chicken soup diet " , " 453,000 results " , 0 , " 6 " ] , [" chicken soup from scratch " , " 364,000 results " , 0 , " 7 " ] , [" chicken soup for the soul quotes " , " 398,000 results " , 0 , " 8 " ] , [" chicken soup crock pot " , " 604,000 results " , 0 , " 9 " ] ] ]
Help !
Unfortunately , until we can isolate and decode the audio stream , playing with the voice recognition features is out of reach .
Any ideas on cracking this mystery would be hugely appreciated .
Anonymity for Google insiders is guaranteed !
Updates
As several commenters figured out , and confirmed to me by Google , the audio is being sent to Google ’s servers for voice recognition .
The two binaries I posted above are n’t the actual transmission , and are actually identical for every query , so can be disregarded .
Sorry about the red herring .
Gummi Hafsteinsson , product manager for Google ’s Voice Search , says , “ I can confirm that we split the audio down to a smaller byte stream , which is then sent to Google for recognition , but we ca n’t really provide any details beyond that . ”
Responding to my request for a public API , he added , “ I appreciate the suggestion to provide voice recognition as a service .
Right now we have nothing to announce , but we ’ll take this feedback as we look at future product ideas . ”
Also , Chris Messina discovered some secret settings in the application ’s preferences file , including alternate color schemes and sound sets for “ Monkey ” and “ Chicken . ”
Beep - boop !
Next step :
As Paul discovered in the comments , the Legal Notices page says clearly that the app uses the open - source Speex codec for voice encoding .
Can anyone capture and decode the audio being sent to Google ?
November 19 : I rewrote most of this entry to reflect the new information , since it was confusing new readers .
Well these people survived all of that and more , slapping Death in the face and telling it to go make them a sandwich .
We all like to think of ourselves as badasses .
But what would you really do if faced with death ?
How would you react to being dropped out of a plane without a parachute , or buried alive ?
After crapping your pants , that is .
7 Vesna Vulovic 1 , Mountain 0
Who was she ?
Vesna Vulovic was a stewardess back in the ' 70s working on a Serbian airline .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
How She Stared Down Death :
Except for surviving countless ass gropings during her time as a stewardess there was really nothing special about this lady .
Oh yeah , except for the fact that she fell 33,000 fucking feet and lived to tell the tale .
On January 26 , 1972 our gal was working an extra shift due to a clerical error .
She took the shift anyway to earn a little extra scratch , probably to supplement her bear - wrestling hobby or something .
Anyway , some terrorists decided to blow up her plane and succeeded in doing so at the worst possible time , when the plane was really high up in the air .
Like this , only six miles in the air
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Not only did she survive the explosion that blew the plane into pieces , but she was the only person to live after hitting the side of the mountain .
Normally this would totally suck by itself , but it was winter so the mountain was also frozen which probably made it feel like she hit it after falling 33,000 and 10 feet .
Now because we 're talking about reality and not a cartoon , she did in fact break a bunch of bones and fell into a coma , but when she woke up she looked around and asked for a cigarette .
Apparently flipping Death the bird really gives you cravings .
Not convinced ?
Did we tell you she was left paralyzed ... but then regained her ability to walk through sheer force of will and balls - out effort ?
She also did n't suffer any of those New Age , sissy boy " psychological effects " either and continued to fly like nothing happened .
As a bonus she collected a Guinness World Record for her troubles .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Want to see if you 're as tough ?
No problem all you have to do is jump off the equivalent of 26 Empire State Buildings .
In case you 're wondering , a fall like that takes about three minutes , which should be plenty of time to contemplate death ( and every single bad decision you 've made in your life ) and after that , do n't forget to live , break your back , fall into a coma , become paralyzed and then recover , which we figure is the hard part .
It might not make sense to pull woolly mammoths from the Ice Age into an age of global warming , but resurrecting that lost species just became a bit less far - fetched .
Using hair from 20,000 - year - old specimens preserved in Siberian tundra , an international team of scientists finished a draft genome sequence of Mammuthus primigenius .
About one - fifth of the genome remains unidentified , but that should take just a few more years and scans .
Once complete , it could be a template for would - be mammoth makers .
" It may one day become possible , " said Pennsylvania State University biochemist and study co-author Stephan Schuster , " to mammoth - ify an African or Asian elephant genome . "
Schuster 's team was concerned solely with sequencing , not bringing back the mammoth .
Nor were such potential resurrection efforts the most scientifically noteworthy implication of the research , published Wednesday in Nature .
As the first sequence ever made with cells taken solely from hair , the genome is a tour - de - force of modern DNA sequencing technology .
The researchers also found that certain genes conserved intact across the animal kingdom had mutated in mammoths , suggesting a radical and as - yet - unknown cold - weather adaptation .
But those results do n't stir the imagination as do daydreams of woolly mammoths , extinct for six millennia but maintained in cultural memory , thundering across the 21st century .
The obstacles to such biotechnological time travel are significant — but scientific advances are coming fast .
The first fragment of woolly mammoth genome was sequenced just two years ago , and researchers have since deciphered their mitochondrial
DNA .
And though some hypothetical methods of mammoth restoration —
building a genome from scratch and putting it inside an elephant egg , or fertilizing an elephant egg with mammoth sperm — pose mammoth - sized technical problems , Schuster suggests a hack : working backwards from modern elephants .
" We 've identified most of the differences between mammoths and African elephants .
One could imagine reverse - engineering an elephant genome to become more like a mammoth , " he said .
Schuster 's plan wo n't be easy , but it may be possible .
Less - complicated but fundamentally similar reverse - engineering is already used in mice and farm animals .
It 's certainly easier than coding a mammoth genome from scratch :
The first wholly synthetic genome , constructed last year by the J. Craig
Venter institute , contained about 600,000 base pairs of DNA , compared to 4,000,000,000 in the mammoth genome .
And using a 10,000 - year - old cell for reproductive purposes is — in an already far - fetched discussion —
especially unlikely .
" Japanese researchers have tried to do this for more than ten years by looking for intact nuclei from mammoth tissue , and they got nowhere , "
said Schuster .
" It 's absolutely obvious why : the genome stored in those chromosomes is completely shattered . "
But even though modern elephants and woolly mammoths are quite similar , having diverged less than the 98 percent - genetically - identical humans and chimpanzees , reverse - engineering wo n't be easy .
" It 's easy to make one or two changes , and they 're suggesting at least
20,000 , " said George Seidel , a Colorado State University animal reproduction expert who was not involved in the study .
" And will an elephant egg process that information in such a way as to function correctly ? "
Nevertheless , even Seidel said that re-creation " is not out and out impossible , " and raised the possibility of making elephant - mammoth hybrids to serve as an intermediate species on the path to a full , modern woolly mammoth .
A modern mammoth could easily be introduced in their ancestral Siberian homes , said Schuster .
They would face less competition from humans than elephants in Africa , and be a star attraction of the newly - opened
Pleistocene Park .
But just because something can be done does n't mean it should , he said .
" From a scientific perspective , I think we would learn very little from doing this .
A lot of what you want to learn about body plan and tissues we can get just by studying the carcasses , " said Schuster .
" I would file it under the category of boutique science .
The public is very curious .
But you 'd just generate a few specimens , a freak creature that you could put on display . "
*
Sequencing the nuclear genome of the extinct woolly mammoth [ Nature ] *
Images : 1 . 3 - D visualization / Steven W. Marcus 2 . Woolly mammoth hair / Stephan Schuster 3 . Mammoth skeleton / Stephan Schuster 4 . Cave paintings from Grotte Chauvet / Carla216 __ __
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Yes , he can rock a suit .
And the man pitches a mean cigarette slogan .
But Mad Men 's resident mystery cad Don Draper " cheats on his pre-Friedan - ized wife , Betty , going through mistresses like packs of Lucky Strike cigarettes .
He is stoic , handsome , emotionally stunted . "
So , why , according to the Observer 's Irina Aleksander , are liberated , independent women whose own supportive husbands happily stay at home feeding baby Thelonius Walnut organic applesauce dreaming of their own emotionally unavailable dick ?
"
If you just compare him , to , say , Patrick Dempsey on Grey 's Anatomy , Dr. McDreamy comes off as a whiny little sensitive bitch , " says one Draper fan to the Observer .
Adds another of her perfect house husband , " It works as a social system , but it 's not terribly erotic . "
The Observer piece chronicles a bunch of these enlightened yuppie marriages .
The working women described are unsurprisingly proud - or defensive - about their partners .
" It takes a certain kind of guy to be confident enough to stay home and still have a sense of identity ...( my husband ) can easily choose to be in the corporate world and make a lot of money , but he chose to stay at home , " says one .
Adds a stay - at - home dad , " There just are n't those issues of masculinity . "
Here 's one dad 's day :
Every morning , Mr. Ryan wakes up between 4:30 and 5 and cleans the house ; gets the laundry cycle through ; makes a to - do list and plans the meals ; gets the children up ; and goes for a run with the dog .
He makes an errand run : dry cleaning , hardware store , socks for his son , pay off a parking ticket , pick up a new coffee carafe , the tennis club , make doctor 's appointments for the kids , then grocery store .
Shower , shave , then lunch with other SAHDs and SAHMs .
Back at the house , he replies to e-mails , mows the lawn , organizes the basement , sands down some wood and makes house repairs , then nap .
Kids get home , he makes lunch ; then homework , extracurricular activities , and finally , cooks dinner , for which his wife may or may not be present .
" There was a word for guys like me back then , ' said Mr. Ryan of the 1960s .
' Losers . ' "
Advertisement
More to the point , there was a word for women like him : normal housewives .
And yet , these same wives admit to idolizing the remote philanderer who'd never dream of lifting a finger in the kitchen .
Says one " anonymous Brooklyn mom " , " You appreciate a stay - at - home dad - as feminists , this is what we wanted ! - but marriage now is all about equal partnership , " and that 's apparently not hot .
Another wife complains about having to listen to her husband drone on about preschool .
" And I just completely glazed over , went a million miles away in my head .
I thought , ' Jesus , fellas , get a life ! ' "
These women protest that it's not just Don Draper 's smoldering looks and emotional unavailability that gets their motors running .
It 's that he 's secretly sensitive : " With his taste for strong women living outside the very rules he feels boxed in by , Don Draper seems as though he just might understand all angles of the domestic equation . "
It 's not that they want Draper ; these women are him .
" His sense of yearning , his sense of being confined by the home yet also craving that confinement and comfort , I identify with it , " says one Brooklyn dame with a house hubby .
But to others the connection seems more basic : " When our world is so chaotic , we tend to romanticize a time when men were men and women were women .
Certainly , Don Draper is not making his wife very happy , but there is a strength to him .
A stability . "
You could certainly argue that in painting Don Draper as so complex , so tortured , so stealth - enlightened , so handsome , the Mad Men writers are doing women and men a disservice .
They 've endowed a definition of pre-feminist masculinity - a composite of all traditional manly virtues - with hints of modernity that make him appealing to women who can fancy he would have swept them off their feet while secretly supporting their dreams of equality .
There 's a sense on the show that his wife can't keep his interest purely because she 's so docile and subservient ; we could , we think .
Who can compete with that ?
But what no one interviewed seems to consider is that the situations described in this piece are n't so much " equality " as a pretty direct flip of the old gender divide .
When anyone 's career takes total precedence over another 's , does n't that automatically create a , well , 1950s dynamic ?
If all these women are identifying so powerfully with a philandering 1960s businessman whose work life feels unconnected to home , might they consider that their dynamic is just as binary ?
Not merely that a man is " not being a man " but that they are with a person who has voluntarily put himself second which is , ironically , not erotic ?
The Career Woman / Understanding Husband dynamic illustrated here is way more like the Betty - Don marriage than those relationships in Mad Men that people find so appealing - Draper 's flings with tough , smart women with their own careers .
The erotic charge in these scenarios comes from the clash of wills and intellects ; in short , from a certain basic equality .
Obviously the lives these couples have developed seem to work for them and these women have opportunities and careers Betty Draper could only have dreamed of .
But whereas chaos may breed a desire for the defined roles described , ironically what they seem to be fantasizing about is ambiguity .
Mad About The Man [ New York Observer ]
Opinion
Neal R. Peirce : Local governments struggling to cope with recession
The recession is driving America 's city governments into an epic fiscal storm .
Unlike earlier downturns , all three big revenue sources — income , property and sales taxes — are falling together .
Cumulative budget shortfalls are already in the tens of billions and rising .
Among America 's 87,500 governments , only Washington can print money .
In a pinch , the only real option for cities and states is to spend less — thereby taking money out of the economy and deepening a recession .
With more than 20 million employees , 14 percent of the total American work force , states and cities are a significant part of the total national economy .
This recession seems sure to be so serious , say urban finance experts , that many cities will be forced to go well beyond their familiar tight - times reductions in park and library budgets .
A growing possibility : to cut into that historically inviolate sector — police officers and firefighters .
Together , police and fire operations consume the lion 's share of most local budgets .
And the fire operations represent the most wastefully managed part of local government , according to municipal experts who spoke as a panel at a National Academy of Public Administration meeting last week .
A leading critique : three - man crews on fully rigged fire trucks rushing to the scene of all alarms , all but a tiny fraction of which — given modern wiring , sprinklers and other fire - prevention techniques — turn out to be false .
Equivalent safety results , say the municipal critics , could be accomplished by dispatching one firefighter in a single car to an alarm scene , rapidly summoning major - scale equipment and crews when there 's a serious fire emergency .
In fire departments that offer emergency medical care , 80 percent of the budget is spent on the 20 percent of the activity that 's actual fire suppression , said John Shirey of the California Redevelopment Association .
Another panelist added : " The one thing that exceeds the inefficiency of fire departments is the political power of the fire unions . "
The most logical step would be merging of police , fire and emergency services , with all personnel cross-trained .
Fire and police unions wo n't hear of such multitasking .
But in a prolonged , tough recession , resistance could weaken .
In Vallejo , Calif. , public safety spending got so out of hand that the city declared bankruptcy in May .
And small wonder — police captains are paid more than $ 200,000 .
After five years of service , Vallejo public safety officers and their families get lifetime health coverage .
And after working 30 years , it 's 90 percent of last pay for life — all benefits unthinkable in the world of fast - disappearing defined - benefit pensions that most tax - paying citizens face .
The nation 's municipal bond markets — relied on by states and localities to even out revenue flows or finance capital projects — are now virtually shut down .
Yet it 's not municipal lending that triggered the national financial havoc of the last several weeks , notes Shirey .
He appropriately blames the shenanigans of the private financial sector , with the major national credit rating agencies asleep at the switch .
Municipalities rarely default , but they are having to take a big part of the hit , obliged to streamline and economize as never before .
How to do it ?
There 's an oft - neglected candidate : corrections .
Because of politically motivated mandatory sentencing legislation , prisoner rolls have been growing rapidly , reaching world - leading shares of the total population .
Complains Maricopa County , Ariz. , Manager David Smith : " We have 40,000 felony cases yearly and corrections costs us $ 819 million !
We built a very large big new jail , and it 's full again .
We 're going broke slowly with this criminal justice system . "
So Smith has launched a major prisoner re-entry program in South Phoenix , a 10 - block area with 300 ex-felons and people still on parole .
" We call it the $ 50 million ZIP code , " he says , because of the costs the criminal justice system incurs there .
Smith has co-located 15 services for homeless people in the area , partnering with churches and nonprofits .
The program : help released prisoners get identification , find needed services , put some money in their pockets if they stay out of trouble and find jobs .
The same approach , applied to corrections nationally , could likely save stunning sums over time .
It 's needed more than ever in tough times .
Redrawing borders and merging some city and county governments , going " green " with energy - saving fuels and carbon - conserving buildings — all sorts of ideas , too controversial for normal times , may now have their day .
In dark times , it wo n't all be bad news .
Peirce is a syndicated columnist who specializes in city and state affairs .
( nrp@citistates.com )
Most of the bombs the Weathermen were blamed for had been placed to do only property damage , a fact Mr. Ayers emphasizes in his memoir .
But a 1970 pipe bomb in San Francisco attributed to the group killed one police officer and severely hurt another .
An accidental 1970 explosion in a Greenwich Village town house basement killed three radicals ; survivors later said they had been making nail bombs to detonate at a military dance at Fort Dix in New Jersey .
And in 1981 , in an armed robbery of a Brinks armored truck in Nanuet , N.Y. , that involved Weather Underground members including Kathy Boudin and David Gilbert , two police officers and a Brinks guard were killed .
In his memoir , Mr. Ayers was evasive as to which bombings he had a hand in , writing that “ some details can not be told . ”
By the time of the Brinks robbery , he and Ms. Dohrn had emerged from underground to raise their two children , then Chesa Boudin , whose parents were imprisoned for their role in the heist .
Little Influence Seen
Mr. Obama ’s friends said that history was utterly irrelevant to judging the candidate , because Mr. Ayers was never a significant influence on him .
Even some conservatives who know Mr. Obama said that if he was drawn to Ayers - style radicalism , he hid it well .
“ I saw no evidence of a radical streak , either overt or covert , when we were together at Harvard Law School , ” said Bradford A. Berenson , who worked on the Harvard Law Review with Mr. Obama and who served as associate White House counsel under President Bush .
Mr. Berenson , who is backing Mr. McCain , described his fellow student as “ a pragmatic liberal ” whose moderation frustrated others at the law review whose views were much farther to the left .
Some 15 years later , left - leaning backers of Mr. Obama have the same complaint .
“ We ’re fully for Obama , but we disagree with some of his stands , ” said Tom Hayden , the 1960s activist and former California legislator , who helped organize Progressives for Obama .
His group opposes the candidate ’s call for sending more troops to Afghanistan , for instance , “ because we think it ’s a quagmire just like Iraq , ” he said .
“ A lot of our work is trying to win over progressives who think Obama is too conservative . ”
Mr. Hayden , 68 , said he has known Mr. Ayers for 45 years and was on the other side of the split in the radical antiwar movement that led Mr. Ayers and others to form the Weathermen .
But Mr. Hayden said he saw attempts to link Mr. Obama with bombings and radicalism as “ typical campaign shenanigans . ”
“ If Barack Obama says he ’s willing to talk to foreign leaders without preconditions , ” Mr. Hayden said , “ I can imagine he ’d be willing to talk to Bill Ayers about schools .
But I think that ’s about as far as their relationship goes . ”
They were and are the core base of his appeal .
As a " maverick " Republican , his fundamental gamble was that he could appeal to enough of them and win over enough Clinton Democrats to beat the odds this year .
And yet , no group has responded more negatively to McCain these past seven weeks than independents .
McCain 's unfavorables among independents have soared from 24 percent to 44 percent in seven weeks .
Palin has also turned them off , after a promising start .
Her unfavorables among independents have jumped 14 points since she started campaigning .
Among Republicans , her favorables are down 8 and unfavorables up 10 .
In the same period , Obama has seen his favorables soar among independents , while his unfavorables have only nudged upward under the negative ad onslaught .
Joe Biden has had the best month on the personal appeal front , with large gains in favorables and an actual decline in unfavorables among Republicans .
Money quote from the piece :
“ Even though I am a Democrat , there was a strong possibility I would have voted for McCain , ” said Yolanda Grande , 77 , a Democrat from Blairstown , N.J. “ What pushed me over the line was McCain ’s choice of vice president .
I just do n’t think she is qualified to step in if anything happened to him . ”
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Getting an A+ Research Paper Is Easy
Students are often asked to write research papers especially when they are studying at advanced levels of school and college .
There can be different reasons behind writing this type of assignment .
It can be used for identifying and exploring any technical , scientific or social problem .
Writing a research paper can be overwhelming because it requires a lot of effort and time .
It can be challenging for a student to find spare time for research and writing in the modern education system .
Are you tired of your academic burden and looking for someone to assist ?
Ordering an academic research paper for sale online can do the magic for you .
Customwriting .com is an excellent platform offering quality custom writing services in all subjects .
We have a dedicated team of professional writers who write exactly by your requirements .
So if you wish to order high - quality research papers , then we are here to assist in the right way .
The Perfect Research Paper Writing Service
Students get overloaded with a burden of assignments every other day throughout their college life .
Sometimes it ’s not possible to write all by yourself .
CustomWriting is the perfect research paper writing service , offering custom writing solutions to thousands of students across the globe .
We have the best writers in every field of study .
They are expert in writing academic assignments for college and university .
No matter what ’s your subject , simply tell us your requirements , and we ’ll offer custom - written assignments within a given deadline .
Many students buy a research paper from us when they ca n’t take on the responsibility to write by themselves .
We offer assistance in all subjects including the following :
English
Chemistry
History
Algebra
Geography
Physics
Management
Nursing
Psychology
Other common subjects include Biology , Law , Sociology , Philosophy , Finance , Literature , and Sociology .
All you need is to simply tell us your requirements , select your writer , make an initial deposit and get your assignments done on time .
Order your term papers for sale with great convenience as we have simplified the process so that students do n’t have to be worried about anything .
We are always ready for the revisions .
You will only pay the final amount when you are completely satisfied with our work .
CustomWriting is a reliable , fast and convenient way to get plagiarism - free work with a money - back guarantee .
You can purchase 100 % original and custom - written papers anytime , anywhere .
Order a Cheap Research Paper Anonymously
Affordability and confidentiality are the key - factor why thousands of students choose us over many other similar services .
It ’s no less than an achievement for us to offer low rates to assist students while maintaining privacy of their order .
You can easily find cheap research papers for sale without being concerned about your budget .
Our website is fully secured , so your personal information is in safe hands as well .
Why Choose CustomWriting As Your Personal Helper
There are many reasons why you should select CustomWriting to get an excellent research paper .
Some of these are mentioned below :
Professional writers with the ability to create the best quality custom research papers for sale online .
They follow all the instructions and deadlines .
We have more than 200 top - rated writers in our database from UK and USA .
You can check their profiles and see genuine reviews to select one for your research paper .
CustomWriting offers reliable and fast delivery of research papers in all formats including Chicago , Vancouver , MLA , APA , Turabian or Harvard .
Our experts can write a tough piece of writing in just 3 to 5 hours .
They have been trained to meet tight deadlines .
So you will get flawless and plagiarism free content exactly within the given timeframe .
Get free formatting , reference page , title page , customer service , and revisions — affordable pricing for students coming from all over the globe .
We always put customer satisfaction first , and that ’s why offer unlimited free revisions .
You may ask for several revisions and pay for research paper only when you are satisfied .
We have positive customer feedback with over 50 K orders completed for international students of different colleges and universities .
Check real customer reviews to know more about the quality of our writing service .
Get live support 24/7 without getting worried about your time zone .
Our support staff is welcoming and ready to assist with anything you need .
They will answer your every question in detail .
So send us your query through chat or call us to get a quick response .
CustomWriting has 16 years of extensive experience and continually improving the quality of its research writing services .
Our team of writers offers unique and well - written custom research paper for sale in perfect form .
We pay special attention to proofreading the work before delivering to clients .
Our experts double check the write - ups for plagiarism and other grammatical errors .
Control the progress of research papers through your account .
You can always add comments , give suggestions and ask for improvements if you need any .
The next level privacy policy ensures the high - level security of your personal information .
All the payments made through our platform are fully legal and safe .
Get an Excellent Research Paper from Our Writers
We hire native English speakers who are well - versed with the educational standards in different colleges and universities of the world .
All writers are skillful to accomplish writing tasks of any complexity level .
They are PhDs and MA ’s in various subjects .
They are experienced to complete a task quickly without comprising on quality .
That ’s why ordering college term papers for sale has become easier with the help of our qualified writers .
Our expert writers can create an assignment from scratch and can also rewrite previously written papers .
They check the completed work to make sure it has no errors .
All the writers in our database have submitted their educational certificates as proof of their education .
We conduct detailed interviews before hiring any writer at CustomWriting .
That ’s the reason why students from all the educational institutions trust us .
To make the selection easier , we have featured our top writers on the front page of our website .
A student can see their name , profile photo , success score , ratings , reviews and subjects that they are experienced in .
You can select any writer matching your research paper requirements .
CustomWriting is the best option when it comes to writing research papers or any other type of academic writing .
Contact us today for your tasks and we ’ll never let you down with the results .
World Animal Day was observed earlier this month - on October 4th .
Started in Florence Italy in 1931 at a convention of ecologists , World Animal Day has since expanded its focus from its original intent , which was to bring attention to endangered or threatened species .
The day is now set aside as a time to reflect on all of the animals we share this world with , and our involvement with them - and to spur action to commemorate that respectful relationship .
Half the world 's mammals are declining in population and more than a third are probably threatened with extinction , according to an update of of the Red List ( an inventory of biodiversity issued by the IUCN ) , released on October 6 , 2008 .
Below is a collection of recent photos of animals around the world - Happy ( belated ) World Animal Day . ( 38 photos total
In the previous two installments I tried to explain the origins of rvalue references in C ++.
If you were left with the impression that each design step was a reaction to some previously unanticipated problem , you ’re right .
As it often happens in C++ , the design was reactive rather than proactive .
Passing by value
If you think about it long enough , you realize that the process that led to rvalue references started with the way C++ implemented passing by value .
In C , passing by value was simple–a shallow copy of data was made .
“ Shallow ” means , no pointers were followed in the process of copying .
C++ decided to provide hooks for the programmer to override this behavior .
If you define a copy constructor it will be used instead of shallow copy .
A user - defined copy constructor may for instance follow pointers or references and clone the pointed - to objects , thus implementing “ deep copy ” .
It may also do bookkeeping –count references , etc .
Whenever the compiler needs to copy an object–and that may happen during return by value or pass by value–it inserts the appropriate call to the copy constructor ( if one is not provided by the programmer , the default shallow copy is used ) .
This is a very general mechanism , which however leads to some awkwardness and inefficiencies .
For instance , the writer of a copy constructor must remember to copy all of the shallow data members –something that the default shallow copy does automatically .
The inefficiencies show up when copying rvalues .
Return value optimizations
Let ’s revisit the example from my previous post :
auto_ptr < Foo > factory ( ) { return auto_ptr < Foo >( new Foo ) ; } // client code auto_ptr < Foo > ap = factory ( ) ;
Here , a temporary auto_ptr is created inside the function , copied using a copy constructor into the caller ’s auto_ptr , and then immediately destroyed .
This is so obviously inefficient that the compiler will often optimize it away by constructing the return auto_ptr directly in the space allocated by the caller ( a pointer to which is passed as a hidden argument to the function ) .
This is called return value optimization ( RVO ) and it eliminates the call to the copy constructor and to the destructor .
But what about more general cases , like this one :
auto_ptr < Foo > factory ( ) { auto_ptr < Foo > src ; ... src.reset ( new Foo ) ; ... return src ; } // client code auto_ptr < Foo > ap = factory ( ) ;
Some compilers will attempt to optimize this code as well , using the named return value optimization ( NRVO ) .
The C++ Standard allows such optimizations , which elide the calls to a copy constructor and a destructor , but it does n’t mandate them .
Moreover , NRVO cannot be applied to functions that have multiple return statements , with different objects being returned from each .
But notice an interesting thing :
If ( N ) RVO were mandated by the language and applicable in every case , we could almost implement auto_ptr without the rvalue reference copy constructor .
We would n’t need to reach back at the source auto_ptr from the copy constructor to turn off its destruction .
The destructor ( together with the copy constructor ) would be guaranteed to be elided .
In fact , if we do n’t insist on using caller ’s space for creating the return value , we could cover the case of multiple return statements .
And how would we transfer bits between the two spaces ?
We ’d do a shallow , bitwise , copy !
An alternative return - by - value scheme
Here ’s the scheme that was proposed for the D programming language :
The compiler adds a hidden parameter to every function that returns a non-trivial data structure by value .
This parameter is the address of the stack space allocated by the caller for the return value .
( This is a temporary space for the rvalue returned by the function )
This part is common with the C++ implementation
The function allocates its local variables on the stack , as usual , including the ones that are ( or might be–in case of multiple return statements ) returned .
RVO may be used to eliminate some of these allocations .
This is still in common with C++.
When executing the return statement , the value to be returned is bit - copied into the caller ’s space .
No copy constructor is called .
No destructor is called for the variable that ’s been returned .
Look ma !
No copy constructor !
What is amazing about this scheme , is that it may be applied to all situations where the source of the copy is an rvalue .
This is also true when passing an rvalue to a function , as in this example :
struct S ; void f( S s ) ; // by value // caller 's code f( S ( 1 , 2 ) ) ; // passing an rvalue
Suddenly there is no need whatsoever for an rvalue - taking copy constructor because it would never be called .
Since an rvalue - taking copy constructor was the main motivation for introducing rvalue references to C++ , in D we can get away without them .
It takes some getting used to thinking of passing rvalues without calling a copy constructor .
Notice however that , even in C++ , there is no guarantee that the copy constructor will be called ( remember RVO ? ) .
But what about non-trivial copy constructors , like in ref_ptr ( reference - counting smart pointer ) ?
It must be called to keep count of the reference count , right ?
Not when the source is an rvalue !
Remember that we are eliding not only the copy constructor ( which increments the reference count ) but also the destructor of the source ( which decrements the reference count ) .
The net result is no change to the reference count .
This is a very important optimization , especially in multithreaded code , when reference counting incurs expensive synchronization overhead .
Location transparency
There is one gotcha in this scheme–we are assuming that a shallow copy will always result in a valid object .
This is not true if the object contains a pointer to itself .
A shallow copy will duplicate the pointer , the object itself will move to a new location .
but the pointer will point at the old location .
This could be a disaster .
For this and several other reasons D assumes location transparency .
An object cannot point at itself ( or any of its shallow members ) , because then it could n’t be transparently moved to a new location .
Unfortunately this requirement cannot be enforced statically .
A dynamic check during copying is possible , but it ’s not clear that the overhead is always worth paying .
This is still an open design area .
Notice that , in D , the scope of this problem is narrowed to structs and fixed arrays that contain pointers .
There is no direct way to manipulate the location of class objects ( they are always accessed indirectly ) –except by the garbage collector .
A generational garbage collector that moves objects in memory could definitely profit from location transparency .
The binding table
The binding table in D is slightly different than the one in C ++:
references bind to lvalues ( same as C++ )
const references bind only to lvalues ( different )
“ values ” ( arguments passed by value ) bind to lvalues ( same as C++ ) rvalues ( same as C++ , except that no copy constructor is called )
Notice that in D we do n’t want a const reference to bind to an rvalue .
This is an inherently dangerous feature of C++.
Consider the following C++ example :
struct S ; const S& f( const S& x ) { return x ; } // caller 's code const S& y = f( S ( 1 , 2 ) ) ; y.access ( ) ; // kaboom !
Instead , if you want to have a version of a function that binds to rvalues , you declare its arguments as passed by value , as in this D example :
S f(S x ) { return x ; } // caller 's code auto x = f( S ( 1 , 2 ) ) ; x.access ; // fine , it 's a copy
In the worst case , the overhead of the D solution is a bitwise copy of a struct ( which can often be optimized away ) against the indirect access of the C++ solution .
But considering that it buys us safety , it ’s a trade off well worth it .
I ’d like to thank Andrei Alexandrescu for his comments and , in general , for driving the design of pass - by - value in D .
The report said a family grudge was a likely factor in the dismissal
The running mate of US Republican presidential candidate John McCain has been found guilty of an abuse of power , according to a state legislature probe .
Alaska 's Governor Sarah Palin was accused of sacking a senior state official over a family feud .
But the McCain - Palin campaign team said that the report showed Mrs Palin acted within " proper and lawful authority " .
The report could have an impact on Republican hopes of winning next month 's US presidential election .
" I find that Governor Sarah Palin abused her power by violating Alaska Statute 39.52.110 ( a ) of the Alaska Executive Branch Ethics Act , " investigator Steve Branchflower concluded in the panel 's 263 - page report .
REPORT'S FINDINGS Sarah Palin abused her power Monegan 's refusal to fire Wooten was not sole reason for his dismissal , but a contributing factor Sarah Palin 's acted within her rights as Governor of Alaska
Economy could deflect sting Mrs Palin has always denied any wrongdoing , and her supporters say the charges were motivated by her political opponents .
" This was a partisan - led inquiry run by [ Democratic candidate Barack ]
Obama supporters and the Palins were completely justified in their concern , " a McCain campaign spokesperson said .
Mrs Palin was accused of dismissing Mr Monegan for refusing to sack a state trooper who was in a bitter custody battle with her sister .
The report concluded a family grudge was not the sole reason for the dismissal , but was a likely contributing factor .
However , the report said that the actual sacking of Mr Monegan was not beyond Mrs Palin 's legal powers .
Speaking after a bipartisan investigating panel reached its decision on what has become known as Troopergate , Mr Monegan said he felt " vindicated " .
" It sounds like they 've validated my belief and opinions , " he said .
" And that tells me I 'm not totally out in left field . "
Ethical violation
The panel found Mrs Palin in violation of a state ethics law prohibiting public officials from using their office for personal gain .
I would encourage people to be very cautious , to look at [ the report ] with a jaundiced eye
Gary Stevens
Republican state senator Legislators do not have the power to take formal legal action against the governor ; that would be up to Alaska 's Personnel Board .
If the Board decides Mrs Palin violated state law , the case will be referred to the president of the state Senate .
Mrs Palin 's lawyer said that the report had not been conclusive .
" In order to violate the ethics law , there has to be some personal gain , " said Thomas Van Flein .
" Mr Branchflower has failed to identify any financial gain . "
And Alaskan state Senator Gary Stevens , a Republican , said there were " some problems " with the finding .
Palin 's supporters say the probe was politically motivated " I would encourage people to be very cautious , to look at this with a jaundiced eye , " said Senator Stevens , after the report 's release was announced .
Several Republican politicians had earlier attempted to have the investigation stopped on the grounds that it was politically motivated .
The investigation into the affair began before Mr McCain selected Mrs Palin as his running mate in August .
The US presidential race has now become so polarised both Republicans and Democrats will likely see the report 's findings as vindication for their own trenchant views about Mrs Palin , says the BBC's Richard Lister in Washington .
Alaska 's governor will either be seen as the victim of a Democratic party hatchet job , or a hypocrite .
Most voters , for now at least , seem more concerned about who will extract them from the current economic crisis , rather than any questions about political infighting in far - off Alaska , our correspondent adds .
' Budget row '
Mrs Palin maintains she fired Mr Monegan in July over a budgetary dispute .
But Mr Monegan said he was dismissed for resisting pressure from Mrs Palin and her husband , Todd , to fire State Trooper Mike Wooten , Mrs Palin 's former brother - in - law .
Mr Monegan said he simply wanted the truth to be made known .
Sarah Palin has denied any wrongdoing over the affair " The governor did want me to fire [ Mr Wooten ] , and I chose to not , " he told the Associated Press news agency .
" He did n't do anything under my watch to result in termination . "
Todd Palin has admitted he did publicise what he called the " injustice of a violent trooper keeping his badge " .
But he said his wife , who did not give evidence to the enquiry , then told him to drop the matter .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Ortane took one last drag on his cigarette , dropped it to the ground and crushed it beneath the heel of his boot .
At the far end of the ruined city street , four grotesque undead were pulling apart a now motionless body .
As he watched , Ortane thought back on his life over the last few years .
He had been a respected constitutional lawyer by day , now he was a fearsome Zombie hunter by night , his intensity and zealotry fueled by the destruction of his country by his fellow countrymen .
In the beginning he had watched the mindless hordes tear down his country , its laws , institution and freedoms in disbelief , unable to comprehend that something this evil could happen in his own country .
Only a few had stood against the initial assault , others had quietly slipped into the night or fled for safer lands .
Now with the resistance grown , people were fighting back and Ortane had joined them on the front line , determined to make up for his inaction in the past .
He reached into the pocket of his long black coat , and pulled clear a road flare .
Twisting the cap he ignited it and threw it to his side , letting the glow bath him in red .
The four zombies looked up from their grisly meal at the sputtering of the flame and with several groans , began to lurch toward Ortane .
As they approached he smoothly loaded a flare gun , brought his arm up and fired .
The flare roared away from him , slamming into the lead zombie ’s right eye .
With fire spurting from the now destroyed eye socket it fell to the ground , motionless .
The second zombie stopped to look at the flame spurting skull and with a sigh as it released the air from its lungs fell to the ground next to the first .
Ortane stepped over the two bodies , pulling his blade from the second zombie ’s skull .
He stepped under the outreached arms of the third , smoothly sliding the blade up through the jaw and into the brain and with a quick side step dodged the body as it fell to the ground .
As Ortane turned the final zombie flailed out and knocked the blade from his hand , sending it skittering across the cracked and broken pavement .
With a curse , Ortane reached into his coat and pulled clear a snub nosed shotgun , leveled it to the zombie ’s forehead and pulled the trigger .
With a roar that echoed around the street the powerful handgun took off the top half of its head clean off , and with a fine spray of ichor the zombie fell to the ground , joining the other three in a clumsy pile .
Ears ringing , Ortane quickly reloaded both the shotgun and the flare gun , grabbed his blade and set off down a side street as the moans of every zombie within ear shot began to converge on the sound of the shotguns discharge .
Smiling , Ortane crouched down alongside a burnt out car and waited for the coming crowd of undead .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : ' Liberal Media ? ' Brad on the Gregory Mantell Show ... "
( 14 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 11/30/2008 @ 12:36 pm PT ...
I have to hand it to anybody who will go on with Brad , except for John Fund who thinks he is so smart that he can lie his way through any conversation and get away with it .
I wrote him off years ago after an interview with Amy Goodman where he called five hundred thousand people protesting the 2004 Republican convention , " a bunch of people " , who did n't deserve to be covered .
There is an unwritten law in this country that no corporation will attack another corporation .
It 's sort of like a scull and bones pact , and you had better follow it if you know what 's good for your future financial well being .
That 's why PBS was created , but the radical right even got their fingers into that during the wasted Bush years .
Take as much time off as you need Brad .
You 've done more then anybody could have expected you to and our country has one more chance because of your efforts .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 11/30/2008 @ 12:50 pm PT ...
As for the " just because you read it on the internet does n't mean it 's true " mantra : there is n't any left wing blog I 've been to in the last 8 years that has n't been proven right on nearly everything they printed , or who did n't post a correction afterwords .
That can not be said about any corporate television news program .
The coverage of the voting machines is a sin of omission at best ; usually blatant lies about their reliability .
It has caused untold damage to our society .
There is no other way to put it .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Crallspace said on 11/30/2008 @ 2:46 pm PT ...
Great appearance , Brad .
You had some good things to say .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/30/2008 @ 8:30 pm PT ...
If that show had been watched by a few million people , progress would ensue ....
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 12/1/2008 @ 7:19 am PT ...
I love your suit bro !
Awesome !
BEST DRESSED !
The only thing I probably would have done is ask Lou how many investigative reports they have done in the past eight years on electronic vote tabulation devices .
Bless Gregory Mantell , for keeping it real !
There is bias .
There always be bias .
Even I ( a Music TV show producer ) have bias .
I can't play every band , well ...
I could chop it all up and run 20 seconds of each band , ( you would n't like that show ) but really I choose .
Nobody tells me what to play .
The same thing goes for big media .
They choose .
Maybe it's what pisses people off the least , or what advertises the most , still they choose .
Lou is n't going to cover scanner problems in depth .
Lou is n't going to investigate DRE's .
He chooses not to .
Anyway that 's my opinion .
And yeah , Brad even beat Patty for best dressed !
( A thing I been kinda bitching about here lately )
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/1/2008 @ 8:03 am PT ...
" Censorship by omission " within the stories to achieve " balance " is the proper term ... Right ?
Very good job B .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Shannon Williford said on 12/1/2008 @ 8:25 am PT ...
6 or 7 of us remember when Brad could n't get on TV ...
We 're making progress bit by bit .
Nice work , Brad , and I 'm glad you manage to fit in an election reform angle ... shw
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... theduck6 said on 12/1/2008 @ 8:33 am PT ...
ca n't help but notice that the lefties here are identical to most of the liberal sites I have choked down in my quest to see both sides of issues .
Lots of accusations , platitudes , bumper stickers and no support for your positions .
Polls show that even the sheep who voted in th elast election without any idea who they were voting for ( read that lefty sycophants ) saw an overwhelming bias in the media .
Liberal pundits are ( convieniently after the election ) saying shame on the media for it's lack of objectivity and that conservative bastion of academia , UCLA , has researched and found that the main 3 nets ARE as slanted as the are accused of being and Fox and CNN are fair and balanced .
Yes Virginia , the mainstream media is and was in the tank for Obama and anything that fits their agenda regardless of the truth omitted or reported .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/1/2008 @ 1:59 pm PT ...
Yeah that UCLA study sub-authored by right wing nut Jeff Milyo , who Brad mentions in the video above that will write anything for a buck ???
LOL , what do you think we are ... Morans ???
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/1/2008 @ 2:17 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... SillyGit said on 12/1/2008 @ 4:12 pm PT ...
Well done FLO , thanks .
The reich wingers continue to demonstrate their very casual relationship with reality .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/2/2008 @ 4:45 am PT ...
There is a hell of a lot more on Groseclose and Milyo ( the two authors of the UCLA junk ) if interested .
Do n't let yer head splode there Ducky # 8 .
Link
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/2/2008 @ 5:04 am PT ...
Weird , that link will not go hyper .
Lemme try this :
http://mediamatters.org/items/200512220003
Seems to work only if you copy and paste to the header for some reason .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 12/2/2008 @ 10:50 am PT ...
WASHINGTON , Oct 1 ( Reuters ) - Leaders in the U.S. Congress have deployed their best weapon for winning passage of a $ 700 billion financial industry bailout just weeks before the elections , attaching tax cuts to an otherwise bitter pill .
The Senate aims to vote at some stage on Wednesday evening , after 7:30 p.m. EDT / ( 2330 GMT ) , on a retooled bill allowing the federal government to buy bad debt held by Wall Street that is threatening to sink the global economy .
If the bill passes the Senate , the House of Representatives is “ likely ” to vote on Friday on the new version of the bill , a senior House Democratic aide said on Wednesday .
Besides adding tax sweeteners to the bill , another provision is being tacked on to soothe voters worried about losing their life ’s savings : the federal government would increase its bank - account insurance to $ 250,000 per account , up from $ 100,000 .
The measure would come as three of the biggest U.S. banks have succumbed to the crisis in recent months , with more teetering before the Nov. 4 presidential and congressional elections .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , opened the Senate session on Wednesday pleading for passage .
“ I ’m hopeful tonight that we ’ll see a strong vote in support of this plan and that bipartisanship shown here in the Senate today will spark the House to do the same ” in coming days , he said .
It was the House ’s unexpected refusal to pass a stand - alone bailout bill on Monday that ignited the historic 778 - point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , a benchmark for the U.S. stock market .
Democrats control both chambers in Congress , but need Republican support to push through the bailout -- proposed by Republican President George W. Bush ’s administration to avert what the administration says would be a deeper financial crisis .
To try to secure bipartisan support for the bailout in both chambers , Republican and Democratic leaders have found some sweeteners to lure more members of each political party to get behind the bill .
Sketching out those sweeteners , Reid spoke of renewing a package of tax cuts that have expired or are about to expire for the middle class , small businesses and entrepreneurs working on renewable energy projects , which would be attached to the bailout .
MAIN STREET , NOT JUST WALL STREET
Besides keeping tax rates lower for the middle - class , Reid said the other provisions “ will create hundreds of thousands of jobs here in the United States , ” sparking investment in small and large businesses . ”
Congress was determined to renew these tax breaks anyway , in time for next April ’s tax filing season .
But an election - year tax cut is likely to cheer voters and to lessen the pain felt by taxpayers spending $ 700 billion to fix mistakes by Wall Street executives .
Beyond the tax cuts , congressional leaders were working broadly to convince voters that the bailout is for “ Main Street , ” not just Wall Street .
The House defeat of the bill was triggered by an angry stream of voter complaints .
“ This is n’t for lower Manhattan , ” the home of the U.S. financial district , Reid said .
Instead , unlocking the spreading credit freeze will help “ people keep their jobs ... buy a car ... be able to get a loan for that car , ” Reid added .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , the Kentucky Republican who has seen some of his recent re-election poll numbers sink amid the growing economic crisis , delivered a basic economics lecture on the Senate floor , with an eye to convincing voters .
ECONOMY : A HUMAN BODY WITH PROBLEMS
“ Our whole economy you could think of as the human body and the credit markets as the circulatory system .
Right now ... the credit markets are frozen so the circulatory system is not working as it should .
If the circulatory system does n’t work , it begins to choke off the body , the economy , ” McConnell said .
The $ 700 billion bailout was just what the doctor ordered , McConnell said .
“ We ’re confident we ’ll be able to restore the circulatory system , ” with the bill , he said .
Two of the Senate ’s biggest guns : presidential candidates Barack Obama , a Democrat , and John McCain , a Republican , will take a break from their campaigns to vote for the bill .
“ It is clear that this is what we must do right now to prevent a crisis from turning into a catastrophe , ” Obama told a rally in La Crosse , Wisconsin .
McCain , in Independence , Missouri , also embraced the latest plan , saying , “ If the financial rescue bill fails in Congress yet again , the present crisis will turn into a disaster . ”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has been working to back up that message for voters , reminding them that if everything goes well , the legislation could end up making the government , and thus taxpayers , money .
This is a “ buy - in , ” not a bailout , she argues .
Secret Watch Detectives ( SWD ) is one of Top Private Investigation Agencies in New Delhi , India specializing in both Personal and Corporate Investigations .
Established in 1999 , we have displayed a consistent track record of success across complex cases , coupled with uncompromising ethics that instill confidence and trust in our clients .
Along the line , we have won several Awards and received mentions in the print and electronic media .
The Detective Agency is led by Mr Rahul Rai Gupta , a registered private Investigator in delhi with more than a decade of rich experience in solving many complicated cases across India and other countries .
His expertise in the investigation has often been hailed by major players in the industry and he has recently been awarded a special recognition of his profession excellence in the field of Detectives & Under Cover Investigations .
The award was presented at the 3rd National Conference of CAPSI & APDI at Bengaluru , India .
CEO Mr. Rahul Rai Gupta has also been awarded “ Young Investigation Entrepreneur of the Year – 2014 ” on 12th December , at 9th Security Skills & Leadership Summit - 2014 by Minister of State , Ministry of Home Affairs Sh. Haribhai P. Chaudhary .
Hundreds of millions of people worldwide are already affected by mental problems such as depression and bi-polar disorders and the current market meltdown could exacerbate feelings of despair among people vulnerable to such illnesses .
A share trader reacts as he sits behind his trading terminals at the Frankfurt stock exchange , October 9 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Kai Pfaffenbach
The United Nations agency said the impact could be especially marked for those living in low and middle income countries where access to treatment is often limited .
“ We should not be surprised or underestimate the turbulence and likely consequences of the current financial crisis .
As it is we are seeing a huge gap in taking care of people in great need , ” WHO director general Margaret Chan told a meeting of mental health experts .
Poverty and its associated stresses including violence , social exclusion and “ constant insecurity ” are linked to the onset of mental disorders , she said .
“ It should not come as a surprise that we continue to see more stresses , suicides and mental disorders , ” Chan warned .
Chan denounced the “ abysmal lack of care ” for some mental health patients , especially in low and middle income countries , home to three out of four sufferers .
Governments must make mental health a vital part of primary health care , she said .
Benedetto Saraceno , director of WHO ’s mental health and substance abuse department , said mental health disorders affect one in four people at some point in their lives .
Mental and neurological disorders are often chronic and disabling , he said .
Nearly 1 million people commit suicide worldwide every year , a large proportion of them young adults .
Asked about the financial crisis , Saraceno told Reuters : “ Poverty can be the consequence of such events -- the debts , despair and sense of loss that may reach middle and lower classes .
Even the poor can be affected by this crisis . ”
“ There is a clear evidence that suicide is linked to financial disasters .
I am not talking about the millionaire jumping out of the window but about poor people , ” he said .
The global crisis could be expected to affect the “ stability of communities and families , ” according to Saraceno .
The WHO launched a program on Thursday -- the annual World Mental Health Day -- aimed at increasing funding and services for the mentally ill over the next six years .
More than 75 percent of people suffering from mental disorders in the developing world receive no treatment or care , and many are stigmatized and subject to neglect and abuse , according to the agency .
Globally , the WHO said most countries spend less than 2 percent of their national health budget on mental health .
“ I am convinced that even in middle income countries reached by the economic crisis , it ( the financial crisis ) means less money and access to treatment , ” Saraceno said .
Jimmy Fallon kicked off BTS Week on The Tonight Show with a " Dynamite " sing - along featuring the boys and The Roots .
Join the fun in the new video , added by rakshasa , and check out the club 's video section for more BTS Week performances !
@ The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon - Jimmy and The Roots join RM , Jin , SUGA , j - hope , Jimin , V and Jung Kook of BTS for a performance of “ Dynamite . ”
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called for a review of building standards and emergency procedures Sunday after the Oakridge Mobile Home Park was devastated by the Sayre fire and a backup power system failed at a Sylmar hospital .
“ We should start thinking about building all of the mobile homes with the same fire retardant that ’s used . . . in those fire - prone areas where we build homes .
I think that would have saved , probably , a lot of those mobile homes , ” Schwarzenegger said at a news conference at the firefighters ’
Hansen Dam command post .
“ The fire went through . . . the mobile park so quickly that there was no way of stopping anything , because they were like matches , ” he said .
“ So we learn from that . ”
About a month ago , another mobile home park was destroyed when the Marek fire broke out in the Angeles National Forest and prompted evacuations in the areas of Lopez and Kagel canyons .
That fire blazed through the Sky Terrace Mobile Lodge in Lake View Terrace , which was mostly reduced to piles of ash amid pools of molten metal .
At least 30 of 55 mobile homes were lost .
At the Oakridge Mobile Home Park in Sylmar , more than 500 of about 600 homes were destroyed Saturday .
“ We lost pretty much everything , ” said Miguel Gomez , 48 , who had lived in space # 20 of the Oakridge park and lost his home , cars and most of his possessions in the fire .
“ Everything ’s in the ground , ” he said .
Chris Anderson , chief of field operations for the division of codes and standards with the California Department of Housing and Community Development , said the issue is already being addressed and that mobile home parks in certain fire - prone areas could have stricter codes as early as late January .
“ These are issues that are not insurmountable , ” Anderson said .
He said that the state fire marshal had already begun addressing fire - resistant construction in fire - prone zones known as “ wildland urban interface ” areas and that the department had adopted many of those building codes about three months ago .
The new requirements include changes to roofing , windows and siding .
The department is working on a provision that would apply to new homes installed in mobile home parks and that could be adopted by late January or early February , Anderson said .
But he said the codes are not retroactive and will apply only to new construction .
Anderson said there are about 400,000 spaces in about 4,200 mobile home parks across the state and that in many cases there are seven or eight units per acre .
“ That ’s fairly tight , fairly compact , ” Anderson said .
“ When you have those fires coming down the canyon , as that wall of flame comes in , it ’s advanced by these embers .
So they ’re already picking up spot fires .
“ Now when the wall of flames comes , there ’s very little that can be done to stop it . ”
But established mobile home parks could be made safer if the stricter codes are applied to new construction within them , Anderson said .
Attic vents are a problem with many mobile homes , he said , because they can provide an entryway for flying embers during fires .
“ Santa Anas would be blowing these embers , that were smaller than what you might expect , and they would go through those vents , ” Anderson said .
“ Then you would have a fire in the attic . ”
Anderson said that most new homes in fire - prone areas do not have such vents and that new homes installed in mobile home parks could soon follow that trend .
He noted , though , that most mobile home parks were not in fire - prone areas .
Schwarzenegger said there were other lessons to be learned from the weekend firestorms .
“ We also learned to make sure we pay attention to our generators in hospitals , because you know the power went out in a local hospital and then the generator did not kick in , ” he said , a reference to a situation Saturday at Olive View - UCLA Medical Center in Sylmar .
State law requires hospitals to resume lighting and electricity within 10 seconds after a normal power failure and maintain power for at least 24 hours .
Hospitals are required to test the backup generators every week for at least half an hour and are required to keep a written record of inspections and repairs .
Michael Wilson , spokesman for the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services , said Olive View was still attempting to figure out why a critical fuel pump failed during the firestorm early Saturday morning , plunging the hospital into darkness for more than two hours .
Wilson said the hospital had tested the pump last Wednesday , and that some hospital officials have said they thought the pump was overcome by Saturday ’s heat and smoke .
Bloomekatz and Lin are Times staff writers .
ari.bloomekatz@latimes.com
ron.lin@latimes.com
Flying Saucers Come Home
Forget UFOs .
The first circular aircraft could soon hit the market right here on Earth .
They wo n’t take you to space , but they might just be worth the long — very long — wait
More than 200 people have been killed in two days of clashes between Christians and Muslims in central Nigeria , the Red Cross said yesterday , during the worst unrest in the country for years .
The army sent reinforcements to enforce a 24 - hour curfew in the city of Jos , which lies at the flashpoint where Nigeria 's Muslim north and Christian south meet , after rival gangs set fire to churches and mosques .
' I counted 218 dead bodies at Masalaci Jummaa [ mosque ] .
There are many other bodies in the streets , ' said a Red Cross official , who asked not to be named .
That death toll did not include hospital mortuaries , victims already buried , or those taken to other places of worship .
The final count could be much higher , officials said .
About 7,000 people had fled their homes and were sheltering in government buildings and religious centres , the Red Cross said .
The governor of Plateau state , of which Jos is the capital , said in a statement that troops had orders to shoot on sight to enforce the curfew in neighbourhoods hit by the violence .
Gunfire and explosions heard in the early hours of Saturday later died down , but many streets remained deserted .
Military checkpoints were set up around the city and soldiers helped to clear bodies from the streets .
' The situation demanded that we send in additional troops from neighbouring states , ' said a Nigerian army spokesman , Brigadier General Emeka Onwuamaegbu .
Violence started on Thursday night as groups of youths burnt tyres on the roads after reports of election rigging .
Bodies from the Muslim Hausa community were brought into the central mosque compound .
The local imam , Sheikh Khalid Abubakar , said more than 300 bodies were brought there on Saturday alone .
Those killed in the Christian community would probably be taken to the city morgue , raising the possibility that the death toll could be much higher .
Police spokesman Bala Kassim said there were ' many dead ' , but could not give a firm number .
Despite the overnight curfew groups in some areas took to the streets again as soon as police patrols had passed by .
The unrest is the most serious of its kind in a country of 140 million people , split roughly equally between Christians and Muslims , since President Umaru Yar 'Adua took power in May 2007 .
Christians and Muslims generally live peacefully side by side in Nigeria , Africa 's most populous country , but hostility has simmered before in Plateau .
Hundreds were killed in fighting in Jos in 2001 .
Three years later , hundreds more died in clashes in Yelwa , leading the then President Olusegun Obasanjo to declare a state of emergency .
The tensions in Plateau have their roots in decades of resentment by indigenous minority groups , mostly Christian or animist , towards migrants and settlers who come from Nigeria 's Hausa - speaking Muslim north .
Britain 's biggest home lender HBOS raised its hit from the value of risky assets and bad loans to over £ 5 bn pounds on Monday and its takeover partner Lloyds TSB warned of a sharp fall in profits .
The banks said the takeover of HBOS by Lloyds TSB remained on track , however , and Lloyds said it expects to resume dividend payments next year after repaying preference shares taken by the UK government .
Lloyds also raised its expected cost savings from the deal to £ 1.5 bn a year from £ 1bn .
By 8 am GMT Lloyds shares were up 4.7 % at 207 p , valuing its offer at 125 p per HBOS share .
HBOS shares jumped 9 % to 108 p , also helped by a weekend report of a potential counterbid .
Both banks said market conditions remain tough .
HBOS said writedowns and losses on bad debts for the first nine months of this year had risen to £ 5.2bn , up £ 2.7bn in the third quarter .
The owner of the Halifax said losses on structured credit related assets was £ 1.8bn at the end of September , up from £ 1.1 bn at the end of June .
Bad debt losses in its retail bank rose to £ 1.2 bn pounds and more than trebled in its corporate banking arm to £ 1.7bn by the end of September .
Lloyds said its profit for the first nine months of the year also fell sharply as a result of financial market turmoil and rising bad debts .
The bank said it expected to write off a further £ 300 m in the second half of this year as a result of an increase in bad loans to businesses , and predicted a further £ 120 m impairment charge as a result of falling house prices .
The bank published a circular to shareholders confirming its offer of 0.605 Lloyds shares for every HBOS share .
Lloyds stepped in to buy HBOS in a government - brokered deal , after HBOS was hit by a deepening global financial crisis and concerns about its exposure to the weakening UK housing market .
Both banks were forced to recapitalise under the government 's rescue plan , taking a combined £ 17bn from the sale of preference shares to the UK government and from the issue of equity guaranteed by the state .
There have been concerns that investors will not receive a dividend for several years until preference shares sold to the government had been repaid .
Lloyds Chairman Victor Blank said in his letter to shareholders the bank intends to repay the preference shares " during 2009 so that the block on the payment of cash ordinary dividends will be removed . "
A daily dose of an investigational medication has been found to restore muscle mass in the arms and legs of older adults and improve some of their biochemistry to levels found in healthy young adults , suggesting an anti-frailty drug has been found .
The drug , called MK - 677 , was evaluated for its safety and effectiveness in a study that showed the drug restored 20 percent of muscle mass loss associated with normal aging .
In fact , levels of growth hormone ( GH ) and of insulin - like growth factor I ( IGF - I ) in healthy seniors who took the drug increased to the levels found in healthy young adults , said Michael O. Thorner , a professor of internal medicine and neurosurgery at the University of Virginia Health System .
" Our study opens the door to the possibility of developing treatments that avert the frailty of aging , " Thorner said .
" The search for anti-frailty medications has become increasingly important because the average American is expected to live into his or her 80s , and most seniors want to stay strong enough to remain independent as they age . "
Funded by the National Institutes of Health , the two - year , double - blind , placebo - controlled study involved 65 men and women ranging in age from 60 to 81 .
The results are detailed in the Nov. 4 , 2008 , issue of the journal Annals of Internal Medicine .
The drug mimics the action of ghrelin , a peptide that stimulates a growth hormone called secretagogue receptor ( GHSR ) .
Drug developers are focusing on GHSR because it plays an important role in the regulation of growth hormone and appetite .
They think it may prove to be an excellent treatment target for metabolic disorders such as those related to body weight and body composition .
Drugs found to work in early trials do n't always hold up to further testing , however .
The new research was a " proof - of - concept " study that sets the stage for a larger and longer clinical trial to determine whether MK - 677 is effective in people who are frail and to assess its long - term safety .
It 's a gay holiday in the blogosphere , yay .
Happy Write to Marry Day !
In all seriousness this is an important opportunity for myself and fellow bloggers to post about why we support marriage equality , and what we have done to fight the marriage amendments across this country .
I support marriage equality because I believe in family values , ( a word that has been hijacked by the un-religious right ) .
I believe that whether a couple is gay or straight , trans or cisgender , that people should be able to commit to one another and support each other emotionally as well as financially .
Marriage equality provides over 1,400 rights and benefits and varies from state to state .
Marriage rights allow couples to have access to state and federal rights and benefits .
Currently the federal rights are blocked by the " Defense of Marriage Act " but by granting marriage rights to same - sex couples we are helping to create a system of change and to topple the former anti-gay piece of legislation .
I think it is absurd to contemplate that in a country where according to the Bill of Rights :
" No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws . "
Radicals who claim to be strict constructionists not only not want to follow the law of the land , they also want to change state constitutions to fit their ideology of hate .
Regardless about how one feels about marriage , it is wrong to eliminate fundamental rights , like the right to visit a spouse in the hospital , or for a couple to file joint tax returns .
It is wrong when one parent can't co-adopt a child and if something happens to one partner ( the legal guardian ) the kids are tossed into foster care when they already have a loving mother or father .
Proposition 8 in California , proposition 2 in Florida , and proposition 102 in Arizona all seek to ban the right of same - sex couples to marry , and some of these amendments even go so far as to eliminate any legal protections that could be provided through civil unions or domestic partnerships .
If we truly want to follow the law we must grant the " life and liberty " part to all Americans .
It is our life and our liberty to choose who we want to marry and our right to support our families .
And according to the fourteenth amendment no state shall make any laws which take away our fundamental rights .
Marriage equality transcends the gay rights movement , this is a human rights issue .
Regardless of your orientation or gender identity I urge you to join me in encouraging the blog world to vote NO on the marriage amendments .
It is critical that we stand on the right side of history at this time when we are in the epicenter of another civil rights movement .
Please join me in donating to fight proposition 8 , volunteering on the ground , and phonebanking ( regardless of your state ) .
Since I am personally not in California I cannot join in the rally 's and demonstrations , which is a shame !
I have though spent hours calling on behalf of the No on 8 campaign .
I urge you to make phone calls as well .
If not for the cause , do it for the laughs .
Here are some of the responses I got :
" yeah , uh , I know gay people , I mean I love Ellen . "
" I do n't want dem gays doing that stuff near my children . "
" Only Bob , and Luke have this number , you are the third person I have chatted with ever . "
Interesting people out there !
Most fair minded Californians would not eliminate fundamental rights , so we must urge them to vote no on prop 8 .
Please tell all your friends and family to VOTE NO on the marriage amendments , email them , post a message on myspace , and get the word out !
NO on Prop 8 - California
NO on Prop 2 - Florida
NO on Prop 102 - Arizona
Author : American ' way of war ' has replaced American way David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday October 21 , 2008
Print This Email This Documentary filmmaker Eugene Jarecki has a new book , The American Way of War , which discusses how the military - industrial complex has become all - pervasive in our society , to the point of pushing aside what was formerly the American way of life .
Jarecki told the Daily Show's Jon Stewart on Monday that the military - industrial complex is not only more entrenched today than when President Eisenhower first warned against it 50 years ago , but also " much more generalized , " amounting to " a kind of corporate - political complex at work in this country ... corporations and people in Congress working a bit too closely . "
" You absolutely have to have defense , " Jarecki acknowledged , but he also cited Eisenhower 's warnings that " The world is not a secure place .
You can not have perfect security . "
" And what you can do by trying to pursue perfect security , " Jarecki continued passionately , " is you can literally bankrupt yourself as a nation -- on every level .
Spiritually , economically -- we 're seeing so many levels on which we 've damaged ourselves . "
" I do n't see how that could ever happen , Eugene , " interjected Stewart , " That 's crazy talk . "
He then added , with mock anxiety , " Are we still on the air ? "
" The country changed , " resumed Jarecki .
" The American way of war came to replace the American way .
...
The Framers want a modest republic that does n't go to war too much because they know ... that if the country goes to war all the time .. the president 's going to say to you , ' It 's a time of war .
No time for civil liberties , no time to deliberate . ' "
" What 's the longest period you think we 've gone in this country without some war ? "
Stewart asked .
" A year or two in the last couple of hundred years , " Jarecki replied , breaking Stewart up .
" They 've done studies , " he added .
" I'm on a real mission , " stated Jarecki .
" It 's about looking past the election .
...
The forces that control whether we go to war or not honestly do n't care who 's in the White House . "
" The worst thing that 's happened is that we have become disengaged by this , " Jarecki concluded .
" We all wake up , we work too hard , our jobs do n't pay what it costs to make a living .
...
At the end of the day , to think about your society and what 's wrong with it is just one more big add - on . "
In an interview with Amy Goodman , Jarecki enlarged on this theme , saying , " You 've got to take some of that time and figure out how to direct it toward social change , because if all you do is vote at election time and sort of wake up and go , ' Oh , my god , something 's happening , I 'll throw my vote in , ' it services your conscience , it services your desire to feel like you 're doing something , but the actual practical implications of that are that a single candidate , up against the incredibly tangled corruption of this system , is hopeless . "
" And they 're made more hopeless by the fact that we are disengaged , " concluded Jarecki , " because without a public mandate , somebody like Barack Obama will enter the White House , and , as you see , it 's already happened in the evolution of his policy paradigms , he 'll enter the White House without a mandate .
And if he does n't have a mandate , those enormous forces of power will give him a mandate .
They 'll give him a very clear mandate . "
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast October 20 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Why after waiting years for a baby , I gave my adopted son back
She had years of fertility treatment .
When that failed she went through endless vetting for adoption .
Finally , Yvette and her husband were given the baby of their
dreams .
So why , after just two weeks , did it go so wrong ?
Grief : Yvette Maguire gave up her adopted son , for fear she could n't love him properly
The beautifully decorated nursery has long since been wallpapered over and turned back into an office .
The baby clothes and toys have been given away , and the cheerful family photographs which dotted the room have been placed at the bottom of a drawer .
There is nothing at all to suggest this was once a child 's bedroom .
But a little boy did , for a time , sleep in this room .
He was a cheeky two - year - old called Ben , and his arrival two years ago into the life of Yvette Maguire and her husband Mark had initially been joyful , marking an end to years of infertility .
The couple had endured nearly two years of a protracted adoption process to find him and had believed fervently that he was the son they had always dreamed of .
But just two weeks after his arrival , 39 - year - old Yvette made the astonishing decision to return him to foster care .
Instead of fulfilling her maternal instincts , Yvette found herself facing a terrible conflict : her smiling new arrival reminded her only of her own biological failings .
She realised she would never be able to love Ben properly , and made the devastating choice to give him back .
It was a decision she acknowledges that some people will never understand or approve of .
Even some of her own friends do not feel she gave herself a chance to bond with her adoptive son .
But Yvette stands by her decision , insisting that , far from being selfish , she was simply doing the best thing by her little boy .
' I 'm not an ogre .
I know some people will think I should have given it longer , that I was selfish and that I could n't cope so I did the easiest thing .
But it was n't like that , ' she says .
' Not a day goes by when I do n't think about him and I still feel empty inside .
Every day I torture myself over whether I let him down .
But deep down I know I did the right thing .
' Ben did absolutely nothing wrong .
It was n't about him , it was about me .
You hear so many different stories about adoption being difficult , but they are always centred on the children .
' No one looks at it from the point of view of a woman who has not been able to have a child of her own and the effect that can have .
I simply was n't prepared for it emotionally . '
Her story is certainly an antidote to the usual happy - ever - after tales of adoption .
And Yvette admits that it never occurred to her that she might reject her son .
But then she had always assumed she would be able to have children .
The youngest of three sisters from a loving family , Yvette , a fine art student , had spent most of her early years dreaming of the time she would become a mother .
' I wanted the fairytale - the husband , the lovely home , and the babies . '
IVF proved fruitless
After meeting her future husband Mark , now 37 , at the age of 23 , she seemed set to achieve her dream .
Fixed up on a blind date by her sister , the couple hit it off immediately , eventually settling into a comfortable family home in Horley , Surrey .
Mark worked as a project manager in the City , while Yvette was a florist .
They spent their 20s in a whirl of foreign holidays and spirited nights out .
Having married in 2001 , they started trying for children but were not unduly concerned when it did not happen immediately .
Subsequent tests , however , revealed that Yvette carried a high level of the hormone FSH , which can impede conception , as well as suffering mild endometriosis , which required surgery .
' I was very stressed , ' says Yvette , ' I felt the pressure acutely .
Everyone around me was having children . '
After 18 months , Yvette was referred to a specialist , who suggested the couple try IUI , a less invasive form of infertility treatment in which the ovaries are stimulated but the eggs are not harvested .
No bond : Yvette could n't connect with her adoptive son because he was n't her own ( pictured posed by model )
But after three unsuccessful attempts , the couple decided to embark on IVF .
The couple told themselves they would only undergo one round , but ended up paying for three cycles , all of which proved fruitless .
' I did n't ever fall pregnant and after the third attempt the doctor as good as told me , very politely , that I should n't waste my money any more , ' Yvette says .
' It was a hugely emotional time . '
There were , of course , still options , but one of them at least neither Yvette nor Mark would countenance .
' Some friends suggested we consider surrogacy , but we knew it was n't right for us .
We 'd always had this thing that it was either both of us or none of us . '
So did warning bells not ring when they decided to embark on the adoption process ?
' If I put my hand on my heart , I think I pushed my husband into adoption , ' Yvette confesses .
' We had talked about it in the past and he had said he did n't feel he wanted to go down that road .
' I think he had reconciled himself to a life without children .
But he knew how desperate I was and agreed to come with me to a meeting . '
And so , three years ago , Yvette and Mark embarked on another emotionally exhausting journey , that of the adoption process with its meetings and assessments and form - filling and classes .
' The entire process is designed to put you off , to frighten you to see if you 're 100 per cent committed , ' Yvette says .
' But it did n't deter either of us .
I was so blinkered that all I could think was : " I want a baby , I want a baby . "
' Mark had decided he was doing it for me and that was enough for him .
And while you hear lots of horror stories of difficult children taking months and months to settle , you never hear about a total breakdown where it does n't work at all .
Whatever we were prepared for , it was n't that .
' Our families wanted a happy ending .
too .
It had been tough for them , particularly for Mark 's parents as he was an only child and they were desperate for a grandchild . '
Finally , 18 months later , in early 2006 , the couple were formally approved for adoption .
' It was a wonderful moment , the moment you believe you are finally going to be a family , '
Yvette recalls .
' But it 's also frustrating as you are literally waiting for the phone to ring to tell you there has been a match . '
He was a lovely little boy
Six months later that call came , giving the couple the news they had longed for : they had been matched with a two - year - old boy called Ben .
' I was overwhelmed and so was Mark , ' says Yvette .
' I was thrilled to get a boy .
I had this picture in my mind of my husband and son together tinkering with the cars in the garage .
Mark was thrilled , too . '
The couple were not initially aware of Ben 's background , informed only that he came from a troubled family .
Only after giving their full agreement to the adoption process were they allowed to see the full paperwork .
It made for upsetting reading .
One of eight brothers and sisters who were all in care , Ben had been terribly neglected as a baby , and taken into foster care at just a few months old .
He was fostered alongside two older siblings .
' It did scare us a little , ' Yvette admits .
' When you see this immense family backdrop you start to think about who you are inviting into your life .
' We already had our own family , but by taking Ben in we were also opening ourselves up to his family too .
But we knew we could give this little boy a wonderful life and that overruled any fears we might have had . '
Within a week , Yvette and Mark set eyes on their son in the flesh for the first time , watching from a distance as he played in a local park .
' It was wonderful , but very emotional .
I just wanted to give him a hug , but we had to stay away . '
A few days later they were shown a video of Ben at play with his elder siblings , aged four and eight , at his foster home .
' It showed that he was a little bit bullied by them and I found that very difficult to watch , ' she says .
' By then I really felt he was my baby - so I felt very protective . '
After final approval from the county adoption panel , Yvette and Mark embarked on a two - week ' handover ' period before being allowed to take Ben home .
' We met Ben every day for two weeks , initially at his foster carer 's home .
Later we were allowed to take him out on our own .
It 's not easy at first because you are having to get to know someone in a slightly artificial environment , but as the days went on and we got to spend longer and longer with him , it got easier .
' He was a lovely little boy , very happy - go - lucky and cheeky .
We took him to the park , played games and started to bond .
I felt very happy and optimistic .'
Handover day , however , was not quite so simple .
' Mark and I had been given the impression that Ben would have said his goodbyes to his siblings before we picked him up , but they were there .
They were both distraught , sobbing their heart out , which meant Ben was sobbing too .
' It was terrible , and I felt I was wrenching him away from his family . '
I felt no bond with him
But , once at their home , Ben seemed to settle in quickly , delighted by his cheerfully - decorated nursery crammed with toys and clothes .
But within hours of welcoming their son into his new home , Yvette admits she was overcome with waves of anxiety about what she had done .
' I was completely overwhelmed , ' she admits .
' On the outside I was doing all the right things - looking after him , playing with him , hugging him - but inside I felt only turmoil .
' I have a very strong memory of looking at him in the first couple of days that he was with us , and thinking : " He did n't come from me . "
I felt no bond with him whatsoever .
' I loved him in the abstract , but not inside .
Clearly I had n't expected this to happen , or I would n't have spent two years struggling to reach that point .
But whenever I looked at him I was reminded only of my own failure to be a biological mother .
' I do n't think I had grieved properly for the fact that I would never have my own children , and now it was coming back to haunt me .
But at the same time it was the most horrible feeling - how could I not love this adorable boy I had waited for for so long ? '
Ironically her husband , who had been so wary about adoption in the beginning , had no such qualms , immediately bonding with the toddler .
' Mark loved him to bits .
Luckily I was able to confide in him about how I was feeling .
He was worried , but I think he thought it would settle down . '
It did n't .
With each passing day , Yvette says , she felt increasingly alienated .
' I was n't sleeping , I had lost weight and I was as white as a sheet , ' she says .
' As the days went by , I did everything I could to bond with Ben .
At night I would kiss his forehead and read him a bedtime story before tucking him in .
We 'd go to the park and play with his toys - he loved trains and trucks , like any little boy - but try as I might , I could n't connect with him .
' I would look at him drinking or eating and be painfully aware that I had n't been able to nurture him from my own breast , or feel the kick of his foot inside my tummy .
' One evening , I sat down to complete some adoption paperwork and had to write his surname as our own .
Seeing it on the page just did n't feel right .
I could n't love him the way he deserved
' I looked after him perfectly well , but I was just going through the motions .
At night I would tuck him up in his Thomas the Tank Engine pyjamas , saying to myself : " I am going to love you , I am going to love you . " '
Matters came to a head just two weeks after Ben arrived , when a health visitor arrived for a routine check .
' She instantly knew something was wrong , ' Yvette says .
' We started talking and I burst into floods of tears .
It all came flooding out . '
Events moved rapidly : Yvette was referred the same day to a doctor , then a social worker , who said she should not be left alone with Ben .
' That was very difficult to hear , ' she says .
' I knew they were only protecting the child , but I would never ever have hurt him . '
Yvette was referred to The Priory , where a psychiatrist suggested that her inability to grieve over her infertility lay at the root of her feelings .
Both felt that keeping Ben was not to be recommended , and Yvette 's social worker even said that she believed Yvette had post-natal depression , which , extraordinarily , can be diagnosed after adoption as well as natural childbirth .
' That made me want to scream , ' she says .
' I knew what the problem was - while I loved Ben , I could n't really love him in the way he deserved or needed from a mother . '
So , after a number of emotional discussions between husband , wife and social worker , the decision was made to return Ben to foster care .
He had been with them for just two weeks .
' Mark had wanted to give things more time and I thought to myself : " I could lose my husband over this , I could lose my family . "
All of them felt that in time I would change , but I had to trust my instincts .
' In the end , Mark said he had married me for me , not for a child , and he would stand by me whatever I decided . '
Yvette adds : ' I know people will struggle to understand why I reacted so strongly to having Ben in the house , but I knew it was n't just a case of him settling in .
' I knew that it just would n't work out with him .
I felt he deserved to be with someone who could truly love him , and that I could n't give him that .
' I have written him a long letter to be put in his file explaining everything that happened and how I felt . '
It was never going to work
One can only imagine , however , the bewilderment felt by the little boy as he was taken to his fourth home in two years , to a new set of foster carers .
Mark and Yvette accompanied him on the journey , taking with them the clothes and toys they had bought for him .
' We did n't explain what was happening to Ben as the social workers had told us not to , so on the day all we could do was take him to his new family .
' It was left to them to explain the situation , although at the time he would have been too young to understand .
We stayed for three hours to make sure he was settled and then all we could do was leave , ' say Yvette .
' Watching him in his new home was incredibly emotional .
I consoled myself with the fact that I knew he would be loved .
But when we went back to his nursery we both broke down .
We were grieving for him , but also for the end of our dreams of having a baby .
' We both knew that if it was n't going to work with Ben it was never going to work . '
Today , Yvette has , to a degree , reconciled herself with remaining childless .
' Sometimes I feel vulnerable because I look at Mark and think he could find someone who would provide him with children .
But he has been a rock and our relationship is stronger than ever , ' she says .
Some consolation has come , too , with the knowledge that Ben is flourishing , having been adopted by his new foster family .
' They have a little girl who he loves and they are devoted to him , so that has made it all worthwhile , ' says Yvette .
It is a happy ending of sorts , but it 's hard not to think that Yvette 's struggle for motherhood came at a high price , not only for her , but the little boy she so longed to love .
I 'm not sure what 's more shocking : the news that the Maryland State Police wrongfully spied on me for months as a " suspected terrorist , " or that , despite surveillance of me , officers apparently would n't recognize me if I walked into their police headquarters tomorrow .
I 'm a former Peace Corps volunteer , an Eagle Scout , church member , youth baseball coach , and dedicated father .
I also happen to be director of one of the largest environmental groups in Maryland , a nonprofit that promotes windmills and solar panels in the fight against global warming .
So imagine my shock to get a police letter last month saying I was one of 53 Maryland activists on a terrorist watch list that has been discontinued because — can you believe it ? — there 's " no evidence whatsoever of any involvement in violent crime . "
Matters turned especially Soviet - esque on October 14 when I called the police requesting a full copy of my surveillance file .
A spokeswoman told me I could visually inspect the file , but I could n't make photocopies , I could n't bring an attorney , and the police would be destroying the entire file after I read it .
And bring a valid photo ID , she said , to make sure you 're who you say you are .
A what ?
Really ?
You spied on me , for God 's sake .
The mess all began last summer when astonishing evidence surfaced revealing that the Maryland State Police — under former Republican Gov. Robert Ehrlich — posed as activists and infiltrated an anti-death - penalty group , attending the organization 's meetings and taking secret notes to send back to HQ .
But what were they doing to me and my organization — the Chesapeake Climate Action Network — during this surveillance program in 2005 and 2006 ?
Bugging our phones ?
Reading our emails ?
Monitoring me as I walked my kid to the bus stop ?
I still do n't know for sure .
Yielding to public pressure , the police finally gave me a printed copy of my " file " on October 29 .
It raised more questions than it answered .
Seven of the 12 pages were withheld without full explanation .
And of the pages I did receive , at least half the words were redacted — blacked out with a marker .
There was a photo of me on the last page , lifted from my website .
And on the first page , there were these words : " Crime : Terrorism , environmental extremists . "
What terrorism would that be ?
My file — what little of it I have — makes reference to a morning speech given in Bethesda , Md. , by then - governor Robert Ehrlich on November 17 , 2005 .
A small audience of invited guests and journalists attended inside a classroom at Walt Whitman High School .
Ehrlich was n't doing enough to fight global warming , the Chesapeake Climate Action Network believed , and several of my staff arrived to peacefully demonstrate and hold up signs that said things like , " It 's Getting Hot in Here , Gov ! "
But troopers with the governor 's " Executive Protection Division " believed this was extreme , according to my file .
For example , CCAN staffers invited high school students to hold up protest signs during the governor 's speech .
Pretty extreme , huh ?
There was no civil disobedience at this event .
No one was arrested .
No county , state , or federal laws were breached .
The entire affair was utterly peaceful , above board , and appropriate .
Political demonstrations exactly like this happen a thousand times a day in America .
There were no media reports of anything unusual .
Yet Ehrlich 's security team considered this " aggressive protesting . "
Afterward , the troopers contacted the Maryland State Police 's Homeland Security and Investigation Bureau .
The result was creation of intelligence files on me and three of my staff under the crime category of " terrorism , environmental extremists . "
The real motivation , however , appears to be political spying .
We were opponents of the governor 's policies .
We were organized and vocal about it .
We wound up on an intelligence list along with dozens of other innocent , nonviolent opponents of the governor 's policies .
Ironically , I was n't even present at the protest in question .
I 've never been to Walt Whitman High School .
But a case file was launched on me nonetheless , on November 28 , 2005 , with my name , photo , job title , " no SMTs " ( scars , marks , or tattoos ) , and the declaration that no charges had been brought against me .
Strangely , according to the police papers , there 's no record of any intelligence - gathering related to me after the file was created , just a narrative describing my staff 's protest at the Ehrlich speech .
Meanwhile , the state police say they 've released everything to me that 's relevant to me , but I do n't believe them .
Since July , the state police have made numerous public statements related to this spying controversy that have proved to be factually untrue .
They initially said , for example , that the entire surveillance program was limited to anti-death - penalty activists .
But we now know activists for peace , immigration , and the environment were spied on too .
I believe more of the spying story is yet to come out , however .
With the help of a heroic Maryland attorney , David Rocah of the American Civil Liberties Union , and an equally heroic Maryland state senator , Jamie Raskin of Takoma Park , I believe all the facts will soon surface and we 'll see legislation in the state General Assembly in 2009 specifically banning police abuses like this .
The final tragedy here , of course , is how much this whole episode has been a distraction to the public .
The real threat of terror to Maryland and the nation is the prospect of up to 23 feet of sea - level rise as the Greenland ice sheet continues to implode from rapid global warming .
The violent activity behind this threat is our astonishing over - reliance on fossil fuels , especially coal , to power our economy while suicidally saturating the atmosphere with greenhouse gases .
For all our declarations of " never again , " the ground - zero site of the World Trade Center will itself be literally under water from sea - level rise if we do n't switch quickly to 100 - mile - per - gallon cars and clean electricity from wind power .
But you can't have strong and lasting environmental protections without a strong democracy .
Most of the transformative , positive change experienced in American history has happened only after significant citizen engagement at a noisy grassroots level .
That 's why , ultimately , the objective of almost all environmental groups — from the more liberal Greenpeace to the more conservative Nature Conservancy — is inspiring average citizens to care enough to take action , to make their desires known , to get involved in the system .
But who 's going to get involved and get noisy — in Maryland or elsewhere — if citizens fear that the police are secretly attending the same rallies and meetings , secretly watching and taking notes and keeping lists ?
Thank God that outraged Marylanders from Ocean City to Cumberland continue to demand full disclosure and reform in the face of this tawdry police spying affair .
The national economy is tanking , we 're bogged down in two wars , and the accelerating impacts of global warming could soon get so severe that Pentagon planners already anticipate security challenges worldwide from the inevitable social unrest spawned by biblical droughts , floods , wildfires , and the rest .
History shows that it is precisely during times of war and want that governments tend to overreach and trample liberties .
And it 's only in resisting these temptations that certain kinds of governments — democracies — grow stronger .
With a climate disaster looming , I 've worked very hard for many years to promote clean , renewable energy .
But perhaps the greatest contribution I 'll ever make to this cause is the action I 'm taking right now : standing up and working hard to keep government itself clean .
Mike Tidwell is director of the Chesapeake Climate Action Network and author of Bayou Farewell : The Rich Life and Tragic Death of Louisiana 's Cajun Coast .
• This article was shared by our content partner Grist , a member of the Guardian Environment Network .
Sharon
Ok , I have no idea whether the fact that world markets are falling like stones and Karl Denninger started drinking at 5:30 am means anything .
Could be a big deal , could not be – my bet would tend to be on “ big deal ” but y’all know I have predilictions in that regard .
But now is as good a time as any to call for an inventory – how are you situated ?
What ’s missing ?
Now let me be clear – I ’m not suggesting you should panic at all .
Even if we are having a stock market crash , the reality is that the present economic model of “ a rising tide swamps all boats ” will probably take a while to trickle down to most of us .
If you ’ve already lost your job or are in crisis , you may not be able to do much – but inventory of your resources is valuable even then .
What I ’d suggest for those already in crisis is to begin to consider your options – could you consolidate housing ?
Take in a boarder ?
Take a job outside your field ?
There are a lot of things you ca n’t control right now , but you might as well take control of the ones you can .
If you are just beginning to store food , look at these posts :
The first explores the very basics , for people on a low income .
The second covers things in more depth , and the third explores other cheap ways to get food .
I ’ve also included my suggestions for food storage shopping if you ever have to do it in an already developed crisis , as the last piece here .
Note , that I really recommend you * not* wait that long .
http://sharonastyk.com/2008/10/17/friday-food-storage-not-quite-so-quickie-5-week-beginner-food-storage/
http://sharonastyk.com/2008/03/04/food-storage-101-part-i/
http://sharonastyk.com/2008/07/15/food-storage-on-no-budget/
http://sharonastyk.com/2008/10/02/crisis-shopping-food-storage-when-you-havent-been-storing-food/
If you ’ve been working on this , but you do n’t feel you are ready , here are some questions to ask yourself , and some possible remedies .
1 . Do I have staple foods that I can rely on as the basis of my meals ?
A staple is a nutritious starch that contains some protein as well , and that can meet most of your needs .
It could be a grain – most Americans rely on bread for our staple starch .
But it can also be oatmeal , corn ( if you are primarily relying on corn , it must be corn that is nixtamalized , so that you wo n’t get a major nutritional deficiency – you only have to worry about this if you are mostly eating corn , not if you eat an occasional meal of tortillas – so if you are storing whole corn , know how to process it , and if you are buying cornmeal , buy masa , not plain corn meal ) , barley , quinoa – or root crops .
You can also rely primarily on potatoes , sweet potatoes , rutabagas , turnips and other roots , or a combination of those .
You can order bulk grains online or through a coop or whole foods .
This time of year , you can often get a 50 lb sack of potatoes or sweet potatoes quite cheaply .
Ethnic markets often have good deals on grains as well .
Do n’t forget popcorn and pasta .
Here are a couple of posts about staple foods :
http://sharonastyk.com/2008/07/17/the-storage-life-of-grains-major-and-minor/
http://sharonastyk.com/2008/03/11/living-the-staple-diet/
2 . Do I have protein foods that can supplement my staples ?
This is not as important as the staples – if you had to , you could get along quite well with just a starch for some time , but you would n’t enjoy it .
And diabetics , hypoglycemics and others would struggle with this .
For most people with normal diets , you need about 1/3 to 1/4 protein dense foods .
What are some choices here ?
The traditional choice is some kind of legume – beans , split peas , lentils , cowpeas .
You could buy dry milk – mixed with oatmeal , or into flour in a dairy bread recipe , that would be enough to sustain you , but it gets kind of boring .
You could can your own meats and fish , or buy pre canned meat and fish that your family likes if you like meat .
You could also add seeds – sunflower , flax , pumpkin seeds , or nuts like almonds or filberts .
Powdered eggs do n’t taste very good , but they will allow you to bake , and add necessary protein .
Or perhaps you have eggs , if you just store enough chicken feed .
What you do is up to you and your budget .
Think about foods you know your family will eat and that they like .
3 . Do I have some fruits and vegetables to add flavor , fiber and nutrition ?
The two hardest to cover vitamins are vitamin C and A .
So choosing C and A rich fruits and vegetables to add to your storage reduces the danger of both nutritional deficiency and constipation .
For vitamin A , canned pumpkin , squash or sweet potatoes , or fresh stored orange vegetables are the best option .
For vitamin C , dried elderberries or rose hips are an excellent source .
You can and should also have some seed that can be sprouted for fresh green vegetables if you live in a place where you ca n’t easily go out and forage a safe , unsprayed supply of greens ( dandelions , plantain , chicory , etc… ) all year ’round .
Or you should have them if you do n’t know how to recognize those foods .
Wheat seeds are easy to sprout , but you might prefer broccoli , radish or others .
These can be bought online or at a supermarket or health food store .
I would recommend more vegetables and fruits as well – either dried , canned or kept in cold storage .
4. Fat .
You need some cooking oil .
You probably already have preferences on this , but most oils will keep a couple of years in a cool dark place .
Oh , and everyone will probably want some salt ( salt is necessary for life , so buy a few boxes ) and sweetener .
These are cheap and useful at making food palatable .
Add in as many inexpensive spices as you can afford , or as many home - dried herbs as you can gather .
These make the difference between survival and misery .
4 . Do I have the basic ingredients of making meals we eat ?
Think about what you actually eat for breakfast , lunch and dinnner .
Do you like granola ?
Well , then you need some oats , nuts , maybe a bit of honey and oil .
Can you not imagine a meal without bread ?
Make sure you have yeast and salt .
Think about what you need in terms of the things that make you happy .
5 . Do I have water stored ?
This is an easy one – go raid your neighbor ’s recycling bins and fill the bottles with water .
If you do n’t plan to rotate them every few months , add a drop of bleach to each one .
All done .
Now make sure you have something to flavor the water , because stored water tastes a little icky – you can get tang , which has vitamin C , tea , coffee , or just go pick some mint to add to your water .
Think again about what you need to feel good .
6 . Do I have multivitamins at a minimum ?
What about other supplements that I might need ?
Our family keeps not only multivitamins for kids and adults , but also vitamins C , E and fish oil capsules ( the latter do n’t keep long ) .
Do I have a reliable way of getting necessary medications ?
7 . What about basic hygeine items ?
Think soap , shampoo , toothpaste and tooth brushes , vinegar or some other cleaner , laundry detergent or borax , as well as toilet paper .
You can substitute for some of these – you can use diluted Dr. Bronner ’s soap for almost all these needs , baking soda in place of tooth paste and deoderant , and use cloth for toilet paper if need be , but if these items will make you happier and more comfortable , store them .
Make sure you have plenty of soap !
Washing hands will be essential .
8 . If my basics are covered , are there luxury items I ’d like to add ?
Are there things my family needs or wants that would be useful ?
If the crisis overlaps holidays or festivals that are important to me , are there ways of storing items to allow us familiar treats or special foods ?
Have I prepared for household pets and livestock ?
Do I have adequate food for them , or ways of making a nutritious diet for them out of my stored staples ?
9 . Do I have warm clothes , blankets , a way of heating myself , my home and / or food ?
Do I have flashlights and batteries , a cell phone charger ?
How will I cook , bathe and do laundry without power ?
That is , am I ready for an emergency ?
My claim is not that we are facing an immanent one , but that we ’ve already seen an increase in emergencies , and a slow down in our response to them – being able to take care of your own needs .
Am I prepared to deal with basic medical needs , or to handle an acute situation when I cannot reach a hospital or when they are overflowing ?
Do I have a book on first aid , or better yet , have I taken basic first aid , CPR and medical response classes ?
Do I have a good first aid kit ?
Does my household have a supply of basic OTC medications , and perhaps a broad - spectrum antibiotic ( and the wisdom to use it only when truly necessary ? )
Do I know how to handle the range of basic injuries ?
Check out Chile ’s first aid kit info : http://chilechews.blogspot.com/2008/10/building-first-aid-kit.html
10 .
Do I have mental health needs met ?
That is , can I handle the stress of a difficult period – a job loss , service loss or other crisis ?
Do I have ways to keep busy , to feel productive ?
Do we have games and educational materials to keep kids entertained and learning ?
Does my family have the habit of supporting each other through difficult times – do I have a strategy for dealing with stress productively ?
Do we have ways to have fun – music , games , sports equipment , books whatever our family likes to do ?
Can I not panic , and keep a sense of perspective
Again , none of this should panic you .
Answering “ not yet ” to some of these is not the end of the world .
It should simply move you towards the next step , and the next .
Shalom ,
Sharon
Five adolescents in Jefferson County have been sickened by moonflowers since Sept. 8 , and health officials are warning people of the dangers of the flowers .
The five lived within 3.5 miles of each other , the Jefferson County Department of Health and Environment said in a news release , and all have recovered .
However , two of them were at one time in intensive care .
The flowers have large blooms and a delicate fragrance .
The seeds , leaves and roots – when eaten , smoked or brewed into a tea – cause hallucinations and other medical problems .
Moonflowers are part of the Solanaceae family , Datura inoxia .
The plant , which blooms at night , is typically 3 feet high and is native to the southwestern U.S. and northern Mexico .
In the fall , it produces thorny pods containing seeds .
Health officials say that similar or related plants , including Devil ’s Weed , Devil ’s trumpet and Jimson Weed , often are referred to as moonflower and could have similar toxic effects .
Within an hour of ingesting the moonflower plant , symptoms begin .
Ingesting the plant causes agitation , confusion and hallucinations .
Heart rate and blood pressure can climb , mouths can become dry , skin turns dry , hot and flushed , and vision is blurred .
In severe cases , the plant can cause seizures and comas .
In addition to the five Jeffco teens , four other cases of moonflower toxicity have been reported to the Rocky Mountain Poison Control Center in the last month , the release said .
“ It is important that parents , adolescents and educators are aware of toxic and potentially life threatening health effects from recreational use of the moonflower plant , ” Jeffco senior epidemiologist Dr. Gayle Miller said in a statement .
Mumbai has been attacked once again .
This time luxury hotels , hospitals , railway stations , and restaurants have been made target .
More Americans and British than Indians .
Again , lives have been lost .
Media , news channels , online news , bloggers , witnesses , and victims are now reporting this nightmare while military and commandos are trying to gauge the event .
The firing and bombing apparently started close to the Gateway of India .
The gunbattle then moved on towards CST and raged on for over 45 minutes from 10 pm .
Gunfire has been reported from Nariman House , Cama Hospital , Metro cinema , Leopold Cafe .
BP gas station blown up .
Oberoi , Dadar stations evacuated , VT trains stopped .
Terrorist gunfire also reportedly came from a Qualis van with police markings .
195 dead ( updated ) , scores injured .
Once again human life has been shaken with fear .
Once again freedom has been challenged .
Tomorrow it will be forgotten .
Remember those old zombie movies where the shambolic undead wanted nothing more than to feast on " braaaaains ... " ?
Turns out they were really just parables about the Internet Age , where " zombies " stand in for e-mail , instant messaging , and the whole delicious multitasking hyperlinked mess that is the Web .
The idea that " the [ Internet / text messaging / the iPod ] is feasting upon the brains of our youth " has acquired serious currency in the last few years , and even England 's Lord Chief Justice now believes that things have gotten so bad , young jurors need to have information in court shown to them on " screens . "
An Internet - enabled multitasking lifestyle has apparently destroyed the ability to simply sit and listen .
The Rt Hon Lord Igor Judge of Draycote oversees the English and Welsh judiciary in his position as the Lord Chief Justice .
In a recent speech covered by the UK's Telegraph , Lord Judge noted that young jurors " are technologically proficient .
Many get much information from the Internet .
They consult and refer to it .
They are not listening .
They are reading ... "
Sir Igor stumps for screens
He believes that tech - savvy youngsters have , in a very real sense , either lost or failed to cultivate the ability to process large chunks of oral information .
Accustomed to skimming articles , multitasking between projects , constantly clicking links to other sites , such people would better process key information if presented on screens instead of simply through oral argument .
One shudders to imagine a court system awash in bad Powerpoint presentations with gruesome font choices and questionable transitions , but the Rt Hon has a point : concentration gets harder for webheads .
Consider Nicholas Carr 's description of the phenomenon in his much - discussed essay for The Atlantic earlier this year :
Over the past few years I 've had an uncomfortable sense that someone , or something , has been tinkering with my brain , remapping the neural circuitry , reprogramming the memory .
My mind is n't going — so far as I can tell — but it 's changing .
I 'm not thinking the way I used to think .
I can feel it most strongly when I 'm reading .
Immersing myself in a book or a lengthy article used to be easy .
My mind would get caught up in the narrative or the turns of the argument , and I 'd spend hours strolling through long stretches of prose .
That 's rarely the case anymore .
Now my concentration often starts to drift after two or three pages .
I get fidgety , lose the thread , begin looking for something else to do .
I feel as if I 'm always dragging my wayward brain back to the text .
The deep reading that used to come naturally has become a struggle .
I 've felt the same thing ; after years in grad school , where five or six hours a day might be spent reading deeply in Renaissance sermons or contemporary critical theory , it 's now hard to actually sit down and read anything for more than twenty minutes .
My brain feels overstimulated , poked and prodded by bits of information , instant messages , unread e-mails sitting in my inbox , constant electronic contacts .
As one UK commentator put it this week , " Since the Internet arrived , powers of concentration have evaporated .
A bibbling e-mail here , a need - a - bigger - penis spam there , a quick Facebook , an eBay flutter , a Viagra advert , check the headlines , check the e-mail again , log off , log on — it may be brain activity but it 's definitely not of the higher order . "
This is n't just the musing of curmudgeons — though I freely admit to curmudgeonly tendencies .
Science also suggests that a constant diet of Internet - enabled multitasking is bad for concentration and productivity .
Science writer Jonathan Gitlin covered one such story for us a few months ago , noting that " there are a number of scientific studies that back up many of these points , such as the one that showed that receiving e-mail messages affected volunteers ' performance during IQ tests more than a toke on a joint , although I 'm yet to hear of anyone smoking a spliff at work and trying to claim that it 's not an issue because ' Bob over there is checking his e-mail . ' "
Do we as a culture fight a rearguard action in favor of concentration and orality , or do we accept the changes that our fully - connected lifestyles are creating ?
Lord Judge wants to accommodate screen - addicted youth , potentially turning courtrooms into something like the churches that display every song lyric and sermon outline on giant screens , or the classrooms that dim the light and project abbreviated lecture outlines .
Part of me believes that , assuming this proves effective , it would be a step forward ; who wants jurors that can't process the full complexity of long oral interviews and arguments ?
But a part of me also worries that something important will be lost .
Something that — sorry , just got an instant message and it destroyed my train of thought .
On the other hand , I 've got a terrific new fart joke .
It is time to take back America from Wall Street and return it to Main Street USA .
Treasury Secretary Paulson is attempting to ram down the throats of US taxpayers , a $ 700 billion bailout of Goldman Sachs ( GS ) , JPMorgan ( JPM ) , Citigroup ( C ) , Morgan Stanley ( MS ) and other many other banks that participated in questionable if not fraudulent mortgage lending schemes .
Those corporations have padded their own pocketbooks and handed out billions of dollars in bonuses and stock options over the past few years , all based on mythical profits .
Now those same corporations are asking U.S. taxpayers to bail out their bad lending practices to the tune of $ 700 billion .
No Deal !
Mad Rush To Judgment
This past week has been noting short of amazing .
President Bush appeared before the nation stressing a sense of urgency .
Paulson and Fed chairman Bernanke have done the same thing before Congress .
Inquiring minds are asking " Why The Rush ? "
The answer is simple :
If people see the actual details of the proposal they will understand it is a bad deal for the taxpayer and a great deal for Wall Street .
It is the very same mad rush to judgment that kicked of the War in Iraq .
Does anyone remember talk of " mushroom clouds " ?
Does anyone remember Dick Cheney saying " We know where they are " ?
This week we see the same action from Paulson and Bernanke .
The only difference is the message this time is about " financial mushroom clouds " .
The rush is needed because if anyone looked at the deal they could see taxpayers being left holding the bag .
Break In The Ranks
Tonight we see an unprecedented break in the ranks from current Fed Governor Richard Fisher who says Bank Rescue Plan Would Worsen Fiscal ' Chasm ' .
It is not often a Fed governor tells the Fed chairman to go to hell .
But that is what happened just tonight .
Former Fed Governor William Poole has stated " These are grand ideas that can not be executed .
There will be one stumbling block after another .
I am very leery of jumping in with emergency measures like this . "
190 + Economists Slam Bailout
Over 190 top economists in the country have slammed this bailout on grounds of fairness , ambiguity , and long term effects .
Bloomberg is reporting Hundreds of Economists Urge Congress Not to Rush on Rescue Plan .
More than 150 prominent U.S. economists , including three Nobel Prize winners , urged Congress to hold off on passing a $ 700 billion financial market rescue plan until it can be studied more closely .
In a letter yesterday to congressional leaders , 166 academic economists said they oppose Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson 's plan because it's a ``subsidy ' ' for business , it 's ambiguous and it may have adverse market consequences in the long term .
They also expressed alarm at the haste of lawmakers and the Bush administration to pass legislation .
David I. Levine , a professor of economics at University of California - Berkeley , says the current plan being discussed has the wrong structure .
Erik Brynjolfsson , of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School , said his main objection " is the breathtaking amount of unchecked discretion it gives to the Secretary of the Treasury .
It is unprecedented in a modern democracy . "
" I suspect that part of what we 're seeing in the freezing up of lending markets is strategic behavior on the part of big financial players who stand to benefit from the bailout , " said David K. Levine , an economist at Washington University in St. Louis , who studies liquidity constraints and game theory .
Strategic Game Playing At Taxpayer Expense
I suspect that part of what we 're seeing in the freezing up of lending markets is strategic behavior on the part of big financial players who stand to benefit from the bailout ,
Long Term Interest Rates Rise
Long term interest rates are already up a half point on news of this bill .
Letter From Economists
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi Has sold You Down The River
Barney Frank Is Another Sellout
Former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill Weighs In
Former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill said today that our nation 's leaders -- especially President Bush -- are " in a panic " and have n't thought through the $ 700 billion bailout plan in a rush to pass it by the end of the week .
" I do n't think he understands or knows much about any of this and it shows , " O'Neill said .
O'Neill , who served as Bush 's first treasury secretary until being fired over diverging views with the president about tax cuts and other issues , did n't have favorable things to say about the economic policies of either presidential candidate , Democrat Barack Obama or Republican John McCain .
" I think most of what has been said by both campaigns about economic stuff is ill - informed and ill - advised , " he said .
Asked for specific problems , O'Neill said : " Everything . "
" It is possible to re-liquefy the credit system without ' We the People ' owning $ 700 billion worth of homes , " he said .
CEO of BB&T Bank Weighs In
U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson 's proposed $ 700 billion bank rescue aims to help " poorly run " companies and the primary beneficiaries would be Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley , said BB&T Corp .
Chief Executive Officer John Allison in a critique of the plan .
Treasury " is totally dominated by Wall Street investment bankers " and " cannot be relied on to objectively assess " the impact of government policy on the financial industry , Allison wrote in a Sept. 23 letter to Congress .
The letter was verified by Bob Denham , a spokesman for BB&T , North Carolina 's third - largest bank .
Allison , 60 , said Congress should " hear from well - run financial institutions " as lawmakers consider the plan , which seeks to ease the credit crunch by buying troubled mortgage - related assets .
Under Allison , Winston - Salem , North Carolina - based BB&T avoided the subprime mortgage market , whose collapse led to the credit crisis .
BB&T has risen 26 percent this year , the best showing in the 24 - company KBW Bank Index .
History In The Making !
Ron Paul Says " Call Them "
Flood Them With Calls , Faxes , and Emails !
Contact The House
your congressman
If you vote for this bill , you will lose my vote
Click Here For
Senate Fax List
Please fax everyone on this list .
Please send this email to 10 others and have them do the same .
Ongoing Campaigns
Please act on ALL of the following .
Fax Now !
Call Now !
If you do not have internet faxing get it .
Sample Fax
Dear Senator / Congressional Leader
The Paulson plan is not workable .
It is a sellout to corporate America at taxpayer expense .
Mad Rush To Financial Judgment
Today President Bush and Treasury Secretary Paulson are preaching the same story .
There can be no delay .
Sweeping new Powers for the Fed are needed .
The Treasury needs $ 700 billion dollars .
There is no time to study alternatives .
Senators , in your heart you know all of the above are lies .
It was the very same mad rush to judgment that started the Iraq War .
We do not need and cannot afford a financial mad rush to judgment .
Thee odds of failure on the Paulson plan are 100 % .
The Paulson plan will not create any jobs or help homeowners pay their bills .
Instead it diverts $ 700 billion of taxpayer funds to failed banks that took excessive risks .
The sheer size of the bailout will cause interest rates to rise , further adding to taxpayer woes .
Long term interest rates are already up a half point on news of this bill .
They will rise more if it passes .
How is that supposed to help homeowners ?
Robbing taxpayers to pay failed banks cannot possibly work !
Printing money and giving it away cannot work either .
If it did work , Zimbabwe would be the most prosperous nation in the world .
190 + Economists Slam Bailout
Over 190 top economists in the country have slammed this bailout on grounds of fairness , ambiguity , and long term effects .
http://faculty.chicagogsb.edu/john.cochrane/research/Papers/mortgage_protest.htm
What is it that Paulson knows that 190 + economists do n't ?
After all Paulson was telling us all how safe the US Banking system was just a few weeks ago .
Paul Oneil Is Against The Plan
Former Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill said today that our nation 's leaders -- especially President Bush -- are " in a panic " and have n't thought through the $ 700 billion bailout plan in a rush to pass it by the end of the week .
" I do n't think he understands or knows much about any of this and it shows .
It is possible to re-liquefy the credit system without ' We the People ' owning $ 700 billion worth of homes , " he said .
BB&T Corp. Chief Executive Officer John Allison critiques the plan
Treasury " is totally dominated by Wall Street investment bankers " and " cannot be relied on to objectively assess " the impact of government policy on the financial industry , Allison wrote in a Sept. 23 letter to Congress .
The letter was verified by Bob Denham , a spokesman for BB&T , North Carolina 's third - largest bank .
Our prayers are with you that you have the courage to stand up do what you know you must do : Block This Bill .
I cannot and will not vote for any member of Congress who votes for this bill in its current form or anything remotely close to the current form .
It is time to scrap the Paulson Plan and start all over .
Your Name
Your Phone Number
If you do not have internet faxing get it .
Be a part of history !
Can the super - rich former governor of Massachusetts  the son of a Fortune 500 C.E.O. who made a vast fortune in the leveraged - buyout business  really keep a straight face while denouncing “ Eastern elites ” ?
Can the former mayor of New York City , a man who , as USA Today put it , “ marched in gay pride parades , dressed up in drag and lived temporarily with a gay couple and their Shih Tzu ”  that was between his second and third marriages  really get away with saying that Barack Obama does n’t think small towns are sufficiently “ cosmopolitan ” ?
Can the vice - presidential candidate of a party that has controlled the White House , Congress or both for 26 of the past 28 years , a party that , Borg - like , assimilated much of the D.C. lobbying industry into itself  until Congress changed hands , high - paying lobbying jobs were reserved for loyal Republicans  really portray herself as running against the “ Washington elite ” ?
Yes , they can .
On Tuesday , He Who Must Not Be Named  Mitt Romney mentioned him just once , Rudy Giuliani and Sarah Palin not at all  gave a video address to the Republican National Convention .
John McCain , promised President Bush , would stand up to the “ angry left . ”
That ’s no doubt true .
But do n’t be fooled either by Mr. McCain ’s long - ago reputation as a maverick or by Ms. Palin ’s appealing persona : the Republican Party , now more than ever , is firmly in the hands of the angry right , which has always been much bigger , much more influential and much angrier than its counterpart on the other side .
President Hugo Chavez meets with managers of the New SIDOR to discuss ' Plan of the New SIDOR Socialist , during a television broadcast in Caracas , Venezuela .
August 21 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Miraflores / Handout
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - Several Russian ships and 1,000 soldiers will take part in joint naval maneuvers with Venezuela in the Caribbean Sea later this year , exercises likely to increase diplomatic tensions with Washington , a pro-government newspaper reported on Saturday .
Quoting Venezuela ’s naval intelligence director , Salbarore Cammarata , the newspaper Vea said four Russian boats would visit Venezuelan waters from November 10 to 14 .
Plans for the naval operations come at a time of heightened diplomatic tension and Cold War - style rhetoric between Moscow and the United States over the recent war in Georgia and plans for a U.S. missile defense system in the Czech Republic and Poland .
Cammarata said it would be the first time Russia ’s navy carried out such exercises in Latin America .
He said the Venezuelan air force would also take part .
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , an outspoken critic of Washington , has said in recent weeks that Russian ships and planes are welcome to visit the South American country .
“ If the Russian long - distance planes that fly around the world need to land at some Venezuelan landing strip , they are welcome , we have no problems , ” he said on his weekly television show last week .
Chavez , who buys billions of dollars of weapons from Russia , has criticized this year ’s reactivation of the U.S. Navy ’s Fourth Fleet , which will patrol Latin America for the first time in over 50 years .
The socialist Chavez says he fears the United States will invade oil - rich Venezuela and he supports Russia ’s growing geopolitical presence as a counterbalance to U.S. power .
Chavez has bought fighter jets and submarines from Russia to retool Venezuela ’s aging weapons and says he is also interested in a missile defense system .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The third and final debate again went to Obama in the instant polls done by organizations such as CNN .
Independents told CNN they generally thought Obama won .
CNN ’s real - time tracking of opinion among viewers in its studio showed that independents especially disliked the smear tactic of attempting to link Obama to prominent Chicago educator Bill Ayers , who had had a radical youth but long since had become a mainstream figure .
McCain came across as sarcastic and mean - spirited , though he was more animated and more coherent than in the earlier debates .
He especially lost points , as Rachel Maddow pointed out , by dismissing concerns about the health of the mother in the decision to end a pregnancy .
In that stance he sounded like Sarah Palin , who wants to make women bear their rapist ’s child .
As I pointed out in Salon , the current McCain - Palin stance on abortion is identical to that in fundamentalist regimes such as Saudi Arabia and Iran .
Obama was calm , cool , collected , gracious and cautious .
He knows that he is ahead by some 10 points or more , and that the race is now his to lose .
He sought to avoid being combative or making mistakes .
He even praised Sarah Palin , knowing that it looks bad to beat up on a woman .
( Bush senior debated Geraldine Ferraro aggressively in 1984 , at one point condescendingly saying , ‘ let me help you with that , Mrs. Ferraro . ’
After the debate , Bush ’s people tried to play Joe Six - Pack , putting out the word that he had ‘ kicked ass , ’– not realizing that working class men would not use that phrase for a contest with a woman .
Senior Bush ’s ticket went on to win , but he was not at the top of the ticket then and he made a bad impression .
Obama avoided that embarrassment at the cost of speaking unrealistically and not really answering the question on Palin ’s preparedness to be president . )
There is no room for complacency .
This is a strange election in a strange time , and polls are notoriously untrustworthy more than a day or two out .
People need to come out and vote , and to mobilize their friends to do so .
But it is now not crazy to say that the likelihood is that Obama will win and that he will have a strong majority in the House and 57 or so in the Senate , so that the Republicans will find it difficult to block his policies ( he will need three or four liberal Republican senators for important votes unless it really is a landslide . )
Obama said repeatedly that the U.S. faces the most dire economic crisis since the Great Depression .
That may be so , but it is not a depression yet .
There has not been a run on the banks ( though there easily could have been ) , and unemployment has not skyrocketed to 25 percent ( except in Flint , Michigan but that is an older story ) .
The market is behaving erratically and a lot of people will likely have to postpone retirement ( assuming that they do n’t lose their jobs ) .
Something like ten percent of mortgages were in danger before the big credit crisis hit .
I hesitate to think what it must be now .
It seems pretty obvious that Obama will need a New New Deal , but more focused on mortgages and liquidity than on state - supplied jobs .
The major foreign policy initiative undertaken by FDR in his first term , the Good Neighbor Policy , was to withdraw from heavy - handed intervention in Latin America , which reversed earlier policies of sending expeditionary forces and knee - jerk support for rightwing local elites .
The Roosevelt administration got out of Haiti and openly spoke of the illegitimacy of interloping into the domestic affairs of other sovereign states .
Roosevelt ’s Good Neighbor Policy , write Tom Barry , Laura Carlsen , and John Gershman
‘ specifically renounced most previous justifications for U.S. military interventions — including preemptive strikes to ensure political stability , occupations to force payment of foreign debts , retaliation for expropriation of U.S. investments , and the promotion of democracy .
He ordered the withdrawal of all remaining U.S. troops in the Caribbean Basin , ending the long and shameful history of military interventions and occupations there .
Speaking at a regional conference in Montevideo , Uruguay , in December 1933 , Secretary of State Hull said that one of the core principles of the Good Neighbor Policy was nonintervention : “ No state has the right to intervene in the internal or external affairs of another . ”
A year later Roosevelt reassured the still - skeptical nations of Latin America and the Caribbean by saying , “ The definite policy of the United States from now on is one opposed to armed intervention . ” ‘
A president Obama will withdraw from Iraq , perhaps faster than the timeline that the that Bush and Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki have just agreed to ( 2011 at the latest ) .
It seems obvious that Obama and al - Maliki will work very smoothly together .
This move could be a step toward a new Good Neighbor policy in the Middle East .
Obviously , Iraq is only one piece of the puzzle .
But Obama ’s willingness to talk to all the regimes in the region where it is called for ( and he never said he would n’t do preparation for such negotiations ) could lead to other breakthroughs .
Given the world ’s increasing energy crisis and the consequent ever closer entanglement of the US with the region , an Obama Good Neighbor Policy in the Middle East may be as important for the destiny of our country as the domestic economic initiatives he launches .
WASHINGTON -- Attorney General Michael Mukasey collapsed while giving a speech on national security to a prominent conservative lawyers ' organization .
Mr. Mukasey , 67 years old , appeared to slur his words about 20 minutes into his speech at the Federalist Society 's annual dinner , held in the Wardman Park Hotel in Washington .
Mr. Mukasey was defending the Bush administration 's anti-terrorism policies in front of an audience of about 400 .
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents , who provide security for the attorney general , rushed to his aid before he fell to the floor .
Mr. Mukasey appeared to be somewhat alert as he was carried on a stretcher by District of Columbia fire department medics .
He was heard to say he thought he had fainted .
A medic could be heard to tell the attorney general " just relax . "
He was taken to George Washington University Medical Center and appeared to be alert and in good condition , according to the D.C. Fire Department .
A new study published in the Nov. 18 , 2008 , issue of Diabetes Care led by Djoussé L and colleagues showed high consumption of eggs led to high risk of type 2 diabetes both in men and women .
For the study , the researchers looked at data from two completed randomized trial involving 20,703 men from Physicians ' Health Study I ( 1982 to 2007 ) and 36,295 women from the Women ’s Health Study ( 1992-2007 ) .
Men and women were followed up for 20 years and about 12 years respectively .
During the follow - ups , 1,921 men and 2,112 women developed type 2 diabetes .
It was found that men who ate less than 1 , 1 , 2 to 4 , 5 to 6 , and more than 7 eggs per week were 9 , 9 , 18 , 46 and 58 percent more likely to develop type 2 diabetes respectively .
For women , the risk of diabetes was increased by 6 , -3 , 19 , 18 and 77 percent respectively .
The researchers concluded that " these data suggest that high levels of egg consumption ( daily ) are associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women . "
Source : Djoussé L , Gaziano JM , Buring JE , Lee I. and risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women .
Diabetes Care .
Published online ahead of print November 18 , 2008 .
DOI : 10.2337/dc08-1271 .
In October 2007 , the International Documentary Association made a list of the 25 best documentaries .
1. Hoop Dreams ( 1994 ) , Steve James
2. The Thin Blue Line ( 1988 ) , Errol Morris
3. Bowling for Columbine ( 2002 ) , Michael Moore
4. Spellbound ( 2002 ) , Jeffrey Blitz
5. Harlan County U.S.A. ( 1976 ) , Barbara Kopple
6. An Inconvenient Truth ( 2006 ) , Davis Guggenheim
7. Crumb ( 1994 ) , Terry Zwigoff
8. Gimme Shelter ( 1970 ) , Albert Maysles , David Maysles , and Charlotte Zwerin
9 . The Fog of War ( 2003 ) , Errol Morris
10 . Roger & Me ( 1989 ) , Michael Moore
11 . Super Size Me ( 2004 ) , Morgan Spurlock
12 . Do n’t Look Back ( 1967 ) D.A. Pennebaker
13 . Salesman ( 1968 ) , Albert Maysles , David Maysles , and Charlotte Zwerin
14 . Koyaanisqatsi : Life Out of Balance ( 1982 ) , Godfrey Reggio
15 . Sherman ’s March ( 1986 ) , Ross McElwee
16 . Grey Gardens ( 1976 ) , Albert Maysles , David Maysles , Ellen Hovde , and Muffie Meyer
17 . Capturing the Friedmans ( 2003 ) , Andrew Jarecki
18 . Born into Brothels , ( 2004 ) , Ross Kauffman and Zana Briski
19 . Titicut Follies ( 1967 ) , Frederick Wiseman
20 . Buena Vista Social Club ( 1999 ) , Wim Wenders
21 . Fahrenheit 9/11 ( 2004 ) , Michael Moore
22 . Winged Migration ( 2002 ) , Jacques Perrin
23 . Grizzly Man ( 2005 ) , Werner Herzog
24 . Night and Fog ( 1955 ) , Alain Resnais
25 . Woodstock ( 1970 ) , Michael Wadleigh
A Turkish court has tried a man accused of selling gay and group sex videos .
While homosexuality is not illegal in Turkey it is still considered taboo and LGBT people face many legal restrictions .
The court could have charged him with selling " unnatural sex " videos but instead charged him with a lower level crime of selling the videos in an illegal location .
" In its verdict , the Istanbul court said : Most European countries have given gay relationships the equivalence of marriage , and in Holland gay marriages were made legal a few years back .
In a world of modern societies , it is not possible to say intercourse among members of the same sex is unnatural .
The verdict also read :
Since the action happens in private places and does not include children it is not criminal .
The term unnatural sexual behavior ' should be seen from a narrow perspective ; otherwise there is the risk of judging every sexual relationship outside of certain limitations unnatural .
It is without doubt that the images are eccentric .
Although this kind of sexual activity is not common in societies , it is a fact that in every society collective sexual relationships exist . "
( Turkish Daily News )
This is a significant gay rights development in Turkey , a country that typically shuns homosexuality while struggling to be accepted into the European Union and advance as a modern nation .
Flies were landing on food in the shop and there was an " awful smell " A fast food shop owner was found preparing food while an employee 's corpse lay nearby .
Police called to the Pappu Sweet Centre in Wolverhampton in August discovered the man 's body on a sofa near the kitchen , magistrates in the city heard .
The business , owned by Jaswinder Singh , 45 , was shut down immediately .
The council said it was one of the worst cases environmental health officers had seen .
Mr Singh has been banned from running any food business .
The man 's death was not suspicious , police said .
' Awful smell ' Wolverhampton Magistrates '
Court heard about a long list of hygiene breaches at the Cannock Road shop .
The court was told that on 27 August a police officer had been called to a report of a dead man there .
A statement of facts , read out to the court , said : " Upon his arrival the officer observed a dead male lying on a sofa at the rear of the main kitchen .
" Sat opposite to him was Mr Singh who was preparing food , making kebabs . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The court also heard that in a nearby room were a large number of flies which were landing on food .
There was also an " awful smell " , thawing meat which was oozing blood and covered in flies , and a man smoking and spitting on the filthy floor .
Environmental health officers had been visiting the shop since October 2007 , the court heard .
Environmental Heath officers found a dead rat under a cooking pot During an earlier visit , officers noted a number of rat droppings and then found a dead rat underneath a cooking pot which had just been laid against a wall to dry .
Mr Singh admitted a string of hygiene offences and was ordered to pay nearly £ 4,000 in fines and costs .
A spokeswoman for West Midlands Police said the death had not been found to be suspicious and no further action had been taken over the matter .
Councillor Barry Findlay , Wolverhampton City Council 's cabinet member for the environment , said the council would not tolerate the public being put at risk .
" We are pleased that the council 's actions have resulted in the courts banning this individual from ever running a food business again , " he said .
The shop is now under new management .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
OPW INTERVIEW -- Sep 6 -- Internet Dating sites charge $ 15 - $ 50 a month .
But we ’re leaving money on the table it seems .
Matchmakers charge $ 3 k on up .
Way up .
Up to $ 500 k in the case of Janis Spindel ?
How so ?
Service !
Matchmakers get people on dates , and help with the follow up .
A wonderful luxury if you have the money .
Here ’s our interview with Janis Spindel , a Serious Matchmaker who works all across North America .
- Mark Brooks
What is the founding story of Janis Spindel Serious Matchmaking , Inc . ?
I ’ve been a people person my entire life and I was always introducing friends , and 14 couples that I introduced , all ended up getting married in less then six months .
That was 16 years ago , 809 couples later and that was when I looked at my husband and the phone and knew that a matchmaker was born .
What makes you stand out in the matchmaking world ?
I would really believe it ’s because of who I am .
They basically made me and threw away the mold .
I will leave no stone unturned until I introduce my clients ( who are men only ) to the perfect wife .
What process do you use ?
The target market , that I ’ve chosen to represent , is a very well educated , well groomed , upscale professional preferably non-smoking , athletically inclined , financially secure , powerful picky man who outsources people to do the editing for him .
I deal with men all over the country .
My youngest client is 27 and my oldest client , believe it or not , is 77 .
He ’s probably one of the easiest people to introduce .
And they ’re all looking for the perfect package .
They want the beauty , the brains , the body and the balance and they just do n’t know where to meet the type of woman that they ’re looking for and so they outsource someone to do the editing for them .
Obviously that ’s where I come in .
What areas do you operate in ?
I handle the entire country as well as Canada and the surrounding areas .
I have clients in every major hub city .
I have multiple men in Boston , Los Angeles , Southeast Florida , Las Vegas , Albany , North Carolina , Atlanta , Aspen , of course the Tri-State area , Washington DC , Seattle , Vancouver , Montreal , Toronto .
How many men do you have in your subscriber base ?
I do n’t bite off more then I can chew .
I like to consider myself extremely boutiquey .
I ’m very selective on who I pick and choose as a client to work with .
If I do n’t feel that I can deliver what they ’re asking for or I feel they are delusional in their expectations of what they ’re looking for , then I walk away .
So it would be safe to say that I deal with maybe one hundred men a year .
How much do you charge ?
The fees vary depending on the program they choose .
I have three different programs – basic , preferred and elite .
It really depends on how much work and time is involved .
If I have in my existing membership pool what the guy is looking for , its a lot less expensive than if I have to work with my entire staff across the country and do the ‘ bachelorette search ’ .
The lowest basic fee is $ 25,000 up front and the success fee is on the back end .
The most expensive is a half a million dollars .
How do you think that the Internet dating and matchmaking industries can work together for the good of their users and clients ?
To be honest , I do n’t think they can .
I think that the whole Internet dating has probably quadrupled my business .
It ’s proven statistically that 30 % of the men online are married , women lie about their age and their weight and men lie about their age and their height .
The men , that I deal with , are too public and too powerful so they would never put their pictures on the Internet .
The privacy and confidentiality reasoning is why they come to me .
I deal with a lot of celebrities , I deal with a lot of politicians and a lot of the Forbes and Fortune 500 , and they ’re not exactly going to put themselves on Match.com .
guide you to easily access relevant information with emphasis on world regions .
COLUMBUS --
Amid predictions that next week 's election could draw among the highest voter turnouts in Ohio history , an unprecedented number of Ohioans have elected to vote absentee .
Nearly 1.5 million voters through Oct. 24 requested an absentee ballot either in person or by mail , according to the Ohio Secretary of State 's Office .
Voters can still request an absentee ballot from their county board of elections through Saturday and must postmark their ballots by Monday , Nov. 3 or the ballots can be dropped off at the elections office .
" Every day people from across Ohio are expressing their confidence in our bipartisan election system by taking part in the absentee voting process , " Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner said in a statement .
" We will continue to prepare for anticipated 80 percent voter turnout , ensuring a successful November general election . "
In all , there were 1,234,996 requests by mail and 221,368 in person , according to Brunner 's office .
Cuyahoga County led in the request of absentee ballots by mail , with more than 228,000 followed by Franklin with just over 208,000 requests .
Brunner has predicted nearly 6.5 million Ohioans - about 80 percent of the state 's registered voters - will vote in this year 's presidential election and that one - third of those ballots could be absentee .
The new Associated Press guidelines on election coverage have been controversial , due mostly to the role of Washington Bureau Chief Ron Fournier , a probable Republican and admirer of John McCain .
Fournier 's new rules allow more of a reporter 's voice in wire reports , less caging about " fairness " , and generally ask that AP writers say it like it is .
What that led to earlier this year annoyed liberals to no end .
But at some point the race shifted in Obama 's favor , and the AP followed suit .
Last month they ran a devastating analysis piece on how John McCain lies about everything — that piece was instrumental in changing the McCain media narrative for good .
But the selection of Sarah Palin has really sent the wire service right into the famous tank .
This weekend they called Palin a big racist !
The headline : Analysis : Palin 's words carry racial tinge .
AP writer Douglass K. Daniel says Palin's new post - debate smear -y stump speech was basically disgusting .
The speech ( a second draft was just released for use today by the way ! ) accuses Obama of " palling around with terrorists who would destroy our own country , " a veiled reference to former Weatherman Bill Ayers but left vague enough to insinuate , say , Osama bin Laden .
In other words , Palin is now a big cute racist email forward disguised as a candidate for Vice President .
But because no one takes her seriously at all anymore , all she 'll manage to do is hurt McCain 's credibility even more , and leave him even more open to charges of acting dishonorably .
And he 'll get even angrier !
By the third debate ( if McCain shows up ) he wo n't even shake Obama 's hand .
Just watch !
Previously :
The AP wrote the best - lead sentence - ever on Governor Palin : " ANCHORAGE , Alaska ( AP ) — Less than a week after balking at the Alaska Legislature 's investigation into her alleged abuse of power , Gov. Sarah Palin on Monday indicated she will cooperate with a separate probe run by people she can fire . "
Lenin…Russian founder of the Bolsheviks and leader of the Russian Revolution and first head of the USSR ( 1870 - 1924 )
Posted under
Michael Crichton won awards including an Emmy Best - selling author Michael Crichton has died in Los Angeles aged 66 after a " courageous and private battle against cancer " , his family has said .
He penned Jurassic Park , as well as books like Congo and Disclosure , all of which were adapted into films .
His books have sold more than 150 million copies .
He also created the long - running US hospital TV drama ER .
" He will be profoundly missed by those whose lives he touched , " his family said in a statement .
A private funeral service is expected .
Crichton is survived by his wife , Sherri , and daughter , Taylor .
Michael 's talent out - scaled even his own dinosaurs of Jurassic Park
Steven Spielberg
Send us your comments
The family 's statement paid tribute to a " devoted husband , loving father and generous friend " .
It added : " Through his books , Michael Crichton served as an inspiration to students of all ages , challenged scientists in many fields , and illuminated the mysteries of the world in a way we could all understand . "
' Gentle soul ' " Michael 's talent out - scaled even his own dinosaurs of Jurassic Park , " said filmmaker Steven Spielberg , who directed the blockbuster film version of that novel .
" He was the greatest at blending science with big theatrical concepts , which is what gave credibility to dinosaurs again walking the Earth .
CRICHTON'S BEST - KNOWN NOVELS Odds On ( 1966 ) The Andromeda Strain ( 1969 ) The Great Train Robbery ( 1975 ) Congo ( 1980 ) Jurassic Park ( 1990 ) Disclosure ( 1994 ) The Lost World ( 1995 ) - pictured Timeline ( 1999 ) State of Fear ( 2004 ) Next ( 2006 ) " Michael was a gentle soul who reserved his flamboyant side for his novels .
There is no - one in the wings that will ever take his place , " he added .
A new Crichton novel had been scheduled to come out in the US next month .
Publisher HarperCollins said the book would now be postponed indefinitely .
A Harvard Medical School graduate , Chicago - born Crichton became the toast of Hollywood when his 1971 novel The Andromeda Strain was turned into a film .
Many of his novels and screenplays were adapted for cinema .
The most successful were Jurassic Park , which burst onto the screen in 1993 , and its sequel The Lost World .
ER has won a host of Emmys since it began in 1994 , and helped launch the career of George Clooney .
John Wells , executive producer of the medical drama , called the author " an extraordinary man - brilliant , funny , erudite , gracious , exceptionally inquisitive and always thoughtful .
" No lunch with Michael lasted less than three hours and no subject was too prosaic or obscure to attract his interest .
" Sexual politics , medical and scientific ethics , anthropology , archaeology , economics , astronomy , astrology , quantum physics , and molecular biology were all regular topics of conversation , " he added .
Crichton 's 2004 bestseller State of Fear caused controversy when it cast doubt on the dangers of global warming .
Environmentalists said his novel was marring efforts to pass legislation to reduce carbon dioxide emissions .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Would you like a translation of Cindy McCain 's comment to the average American voter who will carry this election for McCain / Palin ?
Obama 's supporters are enamored of the comparison to JFK and his handling of the Cuban missile crisis when the Russians moved nuclear warheads to Cuba .
Gee , Palin is governor of a State spitting distance FROM Russia where they ALREADY have nuclear missiles pointed at us .
Ummm , North Korea too .
Remember their nuclear tests ???
As Commander of the Alaska National Guard she directs their training in which they coordinate with local , federal and international law enforcement and the Departments of Homeland Security and Defense .
Do you know how many bases we have in Alaska ?
http://www.globalsecurity.org/cgi-bin/texis.cgi/we...
Global Security lists over 3700 listings for military activity and the Alaska National Guard .
That wo n't include classified information to which Gov. Palin has access .
Neither Obama nor Biden has ANY of that background .
Guess what voters are going to hear ????
They can look at a map and SEE Russia across the Bering Straits .
Remember the Bear in the Woods commercial during the Reagan campaign in 1984 .
One of the most successful ads of all time .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpwdcmjBgNA
& feature=related
When oil almost topped $ 150 back in July , politicians flew around the world trying to quell the panic it created .
Many commentators declared the era of cheap oil over for ever .
Now the price has sunk below $ 50 .
Politicians are still flying around the world , trying to quell a different form of panic .
Many analysts declare that with the recession , and the drop in demand for the black stuff , cheap oil is back to stay .
It is n't .
What we are seeing is a temporary respite .
The IEA 's world energy outlook for 2008 , released on November 12 , warned that underinvestment in oil and gas exploration is putting the world on course for an energy crunch before 2015 .
Underinvestment is likely to prove an understatement .
Because of rapid inflation in the paraphernalia of the upstream oil business , the cost of production is now more than $ 80 in the Canadian tar sands and $ 70 offshore Africa .
These areas , plus the Arctic , are where oil - industry bulls place most of their hopes of meeting future demand .
But at current oil prices nobody can invest in them and make money .
As a result , to quote IEA chief economist Fatih Birol : " We hear almost every day about a project being postponed . "
That , too , may well prove to be an understatement .
National oil companies – responsible for around 80 % of global production – expect the oil price to fall to $ 40 , according to the head of China 's national offshore oil corporation .
Such a consensus exists in 27 such bodies from 23 countries , and in their feeling of " panic " they will cancel " most " investment projects .
The oil market has completely disconnected from fundamentals .
As the FT put it last week : " Do supply and demand even matter any more when the futures pits have become the tail that wags the dog ? "
Citigroup analysts have reported a 460 % rise in futures and options positions on Nymex in the last four years .
Real physical oil trading has grown , meanwhile , only 9 % .
Supply and demand do still matter .
Very much so .
The IEA 's report included a study of 800 of the biggest oil fields , and it shows 6.7 % per annum depletion , even assuming heavy investment in the fields .
This translates over the next 22 years into a need to find 45 m barrels a day of new capacity just to maintain today 's level of production .
That is four Saudi Arabias .
An impossible ask .
As the brewing energy crunch waits in the wings to compound the credit crunch – conceivably , just as we beginning to repair the damage from our toxic derivatives problem – a catastrophic outcome looks ever more likely for the global economy .
Our only hope is to embark on a meaningful Green New Deal , kicking the oil habit , starting tomorrow .
TEHRAN – President Mahmud Ahmadinejad said on Tuesday that there is no religious discrimination in Iran and followers of different religions are living in the country peacefully .
Followers of different religions in Iran are living side by side and they share each other ’s sorrow and joy , Ahmadinejad said in a meeting with Bishop of Armenian Orthodox Church in Cilici Aram I Keshishian .
The problems of mankind result from atheism , said the president .
Ahmadinejad stated that mankind is frustrated with the situation of the world and is waiting for the savior .
Islam and Christianity believe that one day the savior will come and this is the source of unity between the followers of divine religions , he opined .
War , occupation , aggression , discrimination , and poverty must be eradicated in the world , Ahmadinejad stressed .
If the religious faithful stay together they can play a constructive role in ending the current crises in the world , he added .
Keshishian , for his part , expressed satisfaction that all religious minorities live peacefully in Iran .
“ In Iran , Armenians live with Muslims in friendship and brotherhood , ” he stressed .
After reading about the ACAP system that Copiepresse is pushing to regulate access to content , I decided to take a closer look at the system of selling older articles that were free on the Internet when they first appeared .
One company alone , Highbeam , says it provides access to 3,500 publications , like the Chicago Tribune , Harpers , and the Washington Post .
They also offer older press releases , in case you have too much money cluttering up your wallet and want to buy to read one .
Here 's how Highbeam describes itself : HighBeam is an online library and research tool for individuals , students and small businesses .
We collect millions of research articles from published sources and put them all in one place .
Library , to me , means you can read for free forever .
This is a paid library .
I was researching trying out Google 's new system for News whereby it makes older articles available by year , and I was using in particular those from the 1990s .
Here 's a sample results page .
Look at how many on that list are press releases now subscription only , 13 out of 14 .
The last is an article from 1994 you could have read for free at the time .
Actually , you still can find some of the materials for free elsewhere .
I 'll tell you how to find things like that , now that publishers are trying to close off the Internet .
Here 's how : Copy and paste , inside quotation marks , the title to the article you want to find or use any distinctive sentence from the article that way .
Most times you can find it .
For example , you can read the article about SCO buying Vultus for free on CBR .
Or , if you are nuts , you can pay Deseret News $ 2.95 to read all about it .
$ 2.95 for a single article .
You did n't pay that much for the entire newspaper even in print at the time , did you ?
If it was online , it would have been free .
What are these publishers thinking about the value of their content ?
And what are they doing to the Internet ?
Trying to subvert it , I 'd say , and force it back in time to a world where content was all locked up and all paid for .
You know .
Like how it worked before the Internet was invented .
The goode olde dayes of publishing .
Let me show you how the paid service Highbeam offers works , using an article from 1999 about Santa Cruz Operation adding Linux support to its Vision2 K product , which you can pay to read there or you can read for free here , using the system I found using the system I just described .
Here 's what Highbeam will show you for free if you are not a member :
It 's a press release .
A press release .
They want you to pay them ( eventually ) to read press releases .
Basic membership is free with registration , but basic is basic .
Look at the chart .
If you want to do more than search , you have to pay .
Reading the full articles is a paid offering only .
You have to pay to get full access , and once you do , it auto - renews , according to the terms and conditions , and it strictly limits what you can do with the articles you read , and it requires you to do things you may not wish to , like agreeing to terms on linking to Highbeam : 3.2
If you operate a Web site and wish to link to the Service , you must link to the Service 's home page unless permission otherwise has been granted in writing by HighBeam Research .
You can contact HighBeam Research for this permission using this form .
HighBeam Research reserves the right to reject or terminate any links to the Service .
I have no clue what the service costs .
You have to sign up to find out , as far as I could tell , and I never sign up for anything that auto - renews with a clause saying the price can change after the initial period to an unknown amount .
Highbeam is n't the only such service , so it 's the concept I am addressing , not the particular company .
And some may think that a paid collection is superior to a free search engine .
To each its own .
But think about the effect , should such systems become the norm .
Not only is their system designed to make the Internet a paid service , it also adds terms and conditions to what you can do with what you find using their service .
What happens to fair use ?
Here 's what Highbeam says you can't do in and with your research : 3.3
You may search , retrieve , display , download to your area on the HighBeam Service , and print content from the Services solely for your personal use .
You may not download electronic copies of our content for any purpose other than those permitted by Fair Use or otherwise by law .
You shall make no other use of the content without the express written permission of HighBeam .
You will not modify , publish , distribute , transmit , participate in the transfer or sale , translate , create derivative works , or in any way exploit other than as set forth herein , any of the content , tools or technology , in whole or in part , found on the Services .
Further , you shall not engage in any systematic downloading or other activity directed towards any of the content , in whole or in part , found on the Services that would create any electronic database or archive containing such content .
You shall not make any changes to any content that you are permitted to use under this Agreement , and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content .
You also will not " frame " any of the content , tools or technology on the Services or the Services themselves without the express written permission of HighBeam .
You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any downloaded content .
You further agree that all rights in the Service and any of the content found on the Service not granted to you under this Agreement are expressly reserved to HighBeam and / or its licensors .
3.4
In searching the Services , you shall not employ any automated search tools , including so called " crawlers , " " bots " and " spiders " that programmatically access and extract content in order to repurpose or resell the Services content and tools , nor may you " scrape " and / or reformat any information off the services HTML pages or XML interface , including meta tags , results pages , abstracts , and documents except as permitted by our FAQs without the express written permission of HighBeam .
Those seeking more information on permission for systematic access ( automated queries , meta - search , etc. ) shall go to the FAQ area for each Service .
Personal use only .
What 's the use of research you can't share ?
That 's not copyright law .
They say that they are not restricting fair use .
But actually , they are , because you can't fairly use content you can't freely access .
Paying first is exactly the opposite of fair use .
It wipes it away .
Who gave publishers the right to do away with fair use ?
How do you like what 's happening to the Internet now ?
Where you pay to read 1999 press releases , which companies released for free at the time , in the hope that as many people as possible would read them , quote from them , and print them .
American officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the secrecy of the raid said the mission had been mounted rapidly over the weekend on orders from the Central Intelligence Agency when the location of the man suspected of leading an insurgent cell , an Iraqi known as Abu Ghadiya , was confirmed .
About two dozen American commandos in specially equipped Black Hawk helicopters swooped into the village of Sukkariyah , six miles from the Iraqi border , just before 5 p.m. , and fought a brief gun battle with Abu Ghadiya and several members of his cell , the officials said .
It was unclear whether Abu Ghadiya died near his tent on the battlefield or after he was taken into American custody , one senior American official said .
One United States official described Abu Ghadiya as Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia ’s “ most prominent ” smuggler of foreign operatives crossing the Syrian border into Iraq , and in February the Treasury Department named him as one of four major figures in that group living in Syria .
The official said Abu Ghadiya was in his late 20s and came from a family of smugglers in Anbar Province , in western Iraq .
He was also suspected of having led an attack in May on a police station in western Iraq that killed 11 Iraqi officers , an American official said .
Spokesmen for the Defense Department and the C.I.A. declined to comment on the attack .
On Sunday , an American military official had denied that American military helicopters had played a part in the raid .
Since the Sept. 11 attacks , the United States has attacked terrorism suspects in the ungoverned spaces of countries like Yemen and Somalia .
But administration officials said Monday that the strikes in Pakistan and Syria were carried out on the basis of a legal argument that has been refined in recent months to justify strikes by troops and by rockets on militants in countries with which the United States is not at war .
The justification is different from the concept of pre-emption the administration articulated immediately after the Sept. 11 attacks , and which was used as the rationale for the invasion of Iraq .
While pre-emption was used to justify attacks against governments and their armies , the self - defense argument would justify attacks on insurgents operating on foreign soil that threatened the forces , allies or interests of the United States .
Ignorance is bliss … unless we are talking about someone else ’s ignorance .
And in this case we are .
I will be the first to admit that my talking about gay marriage – or gay anything – is like Sarah Palin musing on the global ramifications of power struggles in the Middle East .
It will most likely be a Katie Couric moment but here we go …
If marriage is an institution supported by this country then it must be made available to all of its citizens according to the law .
If however , it is strictly a religious institution then a constitutional amendment determining who can and cannot have access to it is sort of missing the point .
Religious freedom except for people who are not religious is a mutually exclusive concept .
And if we keep going down this path the concept of a Christ - like Christian will become an oxymoron .
And speaking of moron …
I have had it with The View and I blame Barbara Walters .
First she allows Elisabeth to be the voice of fear and war and then magically on Wednesday after the election all of it is immediately forgotten and forgiven .
It is painfully obvious that Elisabeth ’s opinions are not her own but rather the talking points being given to her to fit the part .
OK .
I do n’t like it but I can excuse it because Elisabeth comes by her hate honestly .
She knows exactly what she is doing and in her world being young , blonde and married to a football star gives her permission to be a bitch .
What does she care ?
Her children will be able to buy their way out of any problem .
By the way , Harold says she ’s not married to the good football player … his brother is the good one .
I would n’t know .
I just know the football player who married Elisabeth went for a Hail Mary pass and ended up with just a pass to hell .
But now we ’ve got that Cherry , Cheryl , Seymour …
I really do n’t care what her name is .
Yesterday she admitted that while she does have an issue with gay marriage for spiritual reasons , she really was n’t sure about all the facts and had n’t really read much about it .
Oh , but the idiot did mention that she was still looking for the perfect gravy boat for Ellen and Portia .
OK .
You know what ?
When you are given a national platform on a TV show called The View , being too lazy to do some research is n’t an acceptable excuse .
And when people ’s rights are being taken away , your attempt at humor is insulting .
I ’m sure Ellen found the gravy boat comment comforting .
Try opening a newspaper between reruns of Friends you lazy good for nothing because the show you are a part of is supposedly about well - informed , intelligent women discussing current issues .
Little Cheryl having a vagina suggests that one out of three is qualification enough .
She is making women everywhere look bad and Barbara Walters should have a little more respect for her audience than to allow this to go on any longer .
I have n’t had a whole lot to say about this issue because to be quite honest , I come from a generation that really never talked about it .
But then Margaret ’s nephew reminded me that lots of people are reading this blog so I need to educate myself .
It seems to me that the loudest Christians have suddenly become the most un -Christ - like people .
And my sincere apologies to those good - hearted Christians who have found themselves caught in the crosshairs .
You know , Harold is a Catholic .
How would all of you feel about a constitutional amendment banning meat on Fridays ?
How about banning dancing because Baptist seem to have two left feet ?
And how about birth control ?
A lot of religions do n’t allow it .
I wonder how little Cherry from The View would feel about a constitutional amendment banning that ?
If you want to protect Holy Wedlock , by all means padlock the church door whenever guys who love Judy Garland come - a- knocking .
But if you want to protect marriage push for a constitutional amendment to ban divorce .
But let ’s step away from the church and state argument for a second .
I posted yesterday that love is about the heart not the body .
Trust me , if it was about the body a lot of us would be in a world of trouble .
You ca n’t legislate love between two consenting adults .
You just ca n’t no matter how hard you try .
If you want to save marriage , marry someone you love .
And that ’s all I have to say about that .
We are working on something new for this blog that we hope you will like .
Until then , thanks for stopping by .
I mean it .
Really .
This is a guest post by Meg Hamill who works at LandPaths , in Partnership with The Open Space District of Sonoma County , California
Monday evening , the UN ’s top Climate Scientist , Rajendra Pachuari , will speak in London at a meeting organized by Compassion in World Farming ( CIWF ) , urging people to fight global warming by taking meat off their menu .
Dr. Pachuari has recently been re-appointed to his second , six - year term as chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
The IPCC collects and evaluates climate data for governments around the world , and was the recipient of the Nobel Prize in 2007 , along with Al Gore .
Dr. Pachuari told the BBC : “ I want to highlight the fact that among options for mitigating climate change , changing diets is something one should consider . ”
[ social_buttons ]
UN data says that meat production accounts for about 18 % of worldwide greenhouse gas emissions , topping even transportation , which accounts for 13 % of worldwide emissions .
The UN included all aspects of meat production , when arriving at the 18 % figure : clearing land , creation and transportation of fertilizers , burning fuels in farm vehicles , and the emissions coming directly from cows and sheep .
There are three main greenhouse gases involved in meat production : methane , nitrous oxide and carbon dioxide .
People have begun to think about ways of farming meat that produce less emissions .
One possibility to is genetically engineer cattle that produce less methane .
The biggest source of carbon dioxide emissions from meat production , however , is land clearance , which will likely continue as long as the demand for meat continues to rise .
CIWF ’s ambassador Joyce D’Silva told the BBC : “ Surveys show people are anxious about their personal carbon footprints and cutting back on car journeys and so on ; but they may not realize that changing what ’s on their plate could have an even bigger effect . ”
Image Credit : Photo from Freefoto under a Creative Commons License
whatever is , is right -- with exceptions noted herein
( UPDATE : In a conversation late Tuesday night McCain 's top aide , Mark Salter , who 's collaborated on McCain 's books , told The Times ' Maeve Reston that the Arizona senator instructed him to craft a concession speech that captured the historic sweep of his Democratic opponent 's victory , McCain 's promise to work with him and another sympathetic mention of the passing of Obama 's grandmother .
( Salter began the writing at 6 p.m .
By 8 , he had a draft of the 10 - minute remarks completed for the senator 's review .
And the world heard those words soon after . )
John McCain has admitted defeat in the race for the White House .
Complete text of Sen. McCain 's concession speech available here .
Speaking before a crowd of supporters at an Arizona hotel several minutes ago , he said that he had called his rival , Democrat Barack Obama , to concede .
" My friends , we have -- we have come to the end of a long journey , " he told the crowd .
" The American people have spoken , and they have spoken clearly .
A little while ago , I had the honor of calling Sen. Barack Obama to congratulate him . "
The news was met with boos , but McCain hushed them .
In the eloquent speech that followed , McCain acknowledged the special historic significance of Obama 's victory and urged Americans to put aside their differences .
" These are difficult times for our country and I pledged to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us in the many challenges we face , " McCain said .
" I urge all Americans who supported me to join me in not just congratulating him , but offering our next president our good will . "
When he was interrupted by jeers , he tried to calm the crowd again .
" Please , " he pleaded softly .
" Whatever our differences , we are fellow Americans , and believe me when I say no association has ever meant more to me than that .
It is natural to feel some disappointment , but tomorrow we must move beyond it and ... get our country moving again . "
McCain said he blamed himself for the loss .
" We fought as hard as we could , " he said .
" Though we fell short , the failure is mine , not yours , " he said .
McCain thanked his family and friends and campaign aides and then thanked Sarah Palin , who stood nearby with tears in her eyes .
He called Palin " one of the best campaigners I have ever seen and an impressive new voice in our party for reform and the principles that have always been our greatest strength . "
That line received the loudest applause of the night .
Before leaving the stage McCain said , " This campaign was and will remain the great honor of my life . "
Obama is giving his acceptance speech in Chicago now .
-- Kate Linthicum
To receive automatic alerts to your cellphone of every new Ticket item -- on the new Obama administration and the new Congress -- go here to register .
NEW YORK , Nov 26 ( Reuters ) -
The bailout of Citigroup has made people in New York angrier than they were about any of the other government rescues of financial institutions this year .
In a random sample of people inside the Port Authority , the world ’s busiest bus terminal , only one man backed the government decision to prop up the New York - based bank , even though it is a huge employer in the region .
All the rest are angry -- even on the day before Thanksgiving .
“ They were bailed out before , this is the second bailout , so what ’s going on ?
Are they going to ask for another bailout soon ? ” asked Cheril Nichols , a 50 - year - old nurse from New Jersey .
“ It is wasteful , very wasteful , ” said retiree William Dwyer , 70 .
Earlier this week , the U.S. government announced an injection of $ 20 billion for Citigroup Inc C.N and a plan to shoulder most of its potential losses on $ 306 billion of toxic assets , after the bank 's shares sank more than 60 percent in the previous week due to concern about its ability to survive .
The $ 20 billion of government capital comes after a $ 25 billion injection last month .
In effect , the government has pledged about $ 1,000 per American to guarantee the bank ’s assets .
“ This is not the right thing to do .
They ( the U.S. government ) should help the people , not the big companies , ” said Renu Malconi , 38 , from New Jersey .
Citigroup has lost $ 20.3 billion in the last year and many analysts expect further losses because it owns many mortgage and other assets now worth far less than their original value .
Unlike Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc LEHMQ.PK , which was forced to file for bankruptcy protection when the government rejected its pleas for help , Citigroup does business with millions of ordinary people every day , so emotions run higher about Citi .
In exchange for the bailout , Citigroup slashed its quarterly dividend and cannot raise it for three years without U.S. consent .
But taxpayers want more sacrifices from the bank ’s board and top management .
“ It ’s ridiculous .
If I did as poorly as they did in my job , I would be out of the job , so why are they not accountable ? ” said Mike Delibero , an IT salesman .
The frustration on the streets of New York was echoed by two of New York ’s major daily newspapers , The Wall Street Journal and The New York Post , which slammed the board of Citigroup on Tuesday with calls for all or many of its directors to quit or be removed .
The Post on Wednesday ran a series of letters from readers , all of them harshly criticizing the bailout and Citigroup ’s former and current executives and board members .
High salaries , seven - figure bonuses and an agreement for the bank to pay $ 400 million to name the New York Mets baseball team ’s new stadium Citi Field have n’t helped sentiment .
“ If they are spending money on silly things , they should better keep it .
The one thing I know is that it affects me , too , ” said Hilda , 55 , from New Jersey , who declined to give her last name .
After several calls , no Citigroup officials were available for comment .
( Reporting by Juan Lagorio ; Editing by Gary Hill )
Why are we asking this now ?
Because the British National Party 's membership list has been published on the internet in defiance of a court order .
It was put up on the internet on Monday night but has since been removed , although by then copies had already been made .
Nick Griffin , the party 's leader , tried to cover his embarrassment by claiming yesterday that the range of ages and occupations of his members disproved the caricature that the typical member was a " skinhead oik " .
What was on the list ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It was the full list of the party 's 13,500 UK members , up to date last year , including their home addresses , in and in many cases their occupations , phone numbers and email addresses .
The occupations included teachers , ministers of religion , doctors , nurses , two solicitors , members of the armed forces , several " government employees " and a small number of police officers – who have not been permitted by law since 2004 to belong to the BNP .
Griffin claimed yesterday that some of the people on the list were not actually members , but had only expressed an interest in joining .
One of the most surprising names on the list was that of someone who stood as a Green Party candidate in the 2001 and 2005 elections .
Who did it and why ?
Griffin blames a disgruntled " hardliner " , a senior member of the party who left last year .
He told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme yesterday : " He did n't like the direction the party was going and broke away , taking the list with him . "
He complained that it was a " nasty piece of intimidation " but tried to exploit the sudden interest in his party by saying : " In terms of repositioning us as a party genuinely made up of ordinary British people from all walks of life that will actually do us good . "
What is thelegal position ?
The original publication was on the face of it a clear breach of the Data Protection Act 1998 , and may also have been in contempt of court , in that the BNP obtained an injunction against its publication earlier this year .
The legality of subsequent publication is less clear .
In one of the more piquant twists of the affair , Griffin was forced yesterday to admit that his party was hoping to rely on the right to privacy under the European Convention on Human Rights in its attempts to limit further publication .
The BNP is opposed both to the Convention and to the Human Rights
Act that incorporates it into British law .
One anti-BNP website , Harry 's Place , having drawn attention to the list , yesterday deleted its links and posted a warning to other bloggers not to link to the list .
But some experts yesterday pointed to a ruling by the European Court of Human Rights that the state may not punish people for publishing information that is already in the public domain , even if the original publication was unlawful .
They suggested that this would limit the scope of the Data Protection Act .
How have BNP members reacted ?
The exposure of party members ' names and personal details has opened many of them to harassment , ostracisation and even dismissal from their jobs .
However , some of them reacted in a way that was not helpful to a party that has tried for years to shed its association with physical violence .
Simon Darby , a BNP spokesman , was quoted as saying : " If we find out the name of the person who published this list it will turn out to be one of the most foolish things they have done in their life . "
Griffin was forced to insist that this meant only that the person faced prison for breaching a high court injunction .
Many members were furious with the party leadership and posted comments on websites that were critical of Griffin 's basic administrative ability .
One asked why , if he could n't keep a membership list secure , he thought he could run the country .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
Others , however , responded by calling radio phone - ins to say how proud they were to be members of the BNP .
Several presented themselves as martyrs to far - left intimidation .
One woman member , who said that she was a teacher , called BBC Radio 5 Live to complain that she lived in a fascist state .
A man said that he had already received threatening emails .
It was not clear whether some of the callers were organised by the party , but when the man was asked if he would report the emails to the police said , " No , not unless the party want me to . "
Are BNP members racist ?
Many of the callers to phone - ins were keen to stress how respectable they and fellow members were , and to put a distance between themselves and the thuggish image of the National Front , one of the BNP 's precursors .
Even so , it becomes quickly apparent that the party is largely motivated by the single issue of immigration , and that racism is never far from the surface .
Several variants of the classic " I 'm not a racist but " line were heard yesterday , including " I 've got a friend who is Indian " , but sadly none of the honesty heard by Daniel Finkelstein , who claims when canvassing for the Conservative Party to have come across someone who said : " I 'm not a racist but I hate black people . "
Although Nick Griffin was acquitted on the charge of inciting racial hatred two years ago , his words at a private meeting of BNP members , filmed covertly , were in sharp contrast to his attempts to present himself in public as a reasonable moderate who just happens to be opposed to immigration .
He described Islam as a " wicked , vicious faith " and said Muslims were turning Britain into a " multi- racial hell hole " , while another BNP speaker said : " Let 's show these ethnics the door in 2004 . "
And as anti-BNP bloggers pointed out yesterday , the BNP 's constitution is explicitly racist in that it says : " Membership of the party shall be open only to those who are 16 years of age or over and whose ethnic origin is listed within Sub-section 2 . "
So is the BNP now part of the political mainstream ?
The BNP – and some of its left - wing opponents – claim that the focus on the issue of immigration by Labour and Conservative parties gives it legitimacy .
Griffin , who is an occasionally plausible media performer , has pursued a long - term strategy of portraying the party as democratic and non-violent .
The trouble for him is that he also likes to portray the party as the victim of prejudice against its " skinhead " image , which only emphasises how unacceptable its views continue to be to the majority .
The fact that so many BNP members are secretive about their membership of the party is testament that the party is widely regarded as beyond the pale .
The election of a BNP member of the London Assembly earlier this year was less evidence of growing electoral support for the party than of the change in support for other parties , such as the UK Independence Party , interacting with the system of proportional representation .
The publication of the membership list is likely , if anything , to prompt calls for members of other occupations to be banned from BNP membership .
So far , only police officers and prison service employees are banned from membership of the BNP and similar organisations , on the grounds that racial discrimination , which is BNP policy , is against the law .
Far from gaining acceptance , the exposure of teachers as BNP members , in particular , is likely to increase pressure to ban the profession from membership .
So is membership of the BNP now ' acceptable ' ?
Yes ...
* The ' skinhead oik ' image is a hangover from the National Front days of the 1970s
* Many members of the BNP , as the list proves , work in ' respectable ' graduate occupations
* Most BNP members are keen to be seen as democrats simply seeking to assert their right to free speech
No ...
* The far right has always drawn support from a minority of what was once called the petit bourgeoisie
* The presence of a few well educated members should not distract attention from the majority
* Hate - tinged rhetoric in private has been shown to contrast with apparent reasonableness in public .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
10/24/2008
Mac is P.C : Visionary company opposes myopic measure
by Jeremy Hooper
An Apple - employed reader just sent forth this very welcome development from the Land of Steve Jobs :
No on Prop 8
October 24 , 2008
Apple is publicly opposing Proposition 8 and making a donation of $ 100,000 to the No on 8 campaign .
Apple was among the first California companies to offer equal rights and benefits to our employees ’ same - sex partners , and we strongly believe that a person ’s fundamental rights — including the right to marry — should not be affected by their sexual orientation .
Apple views this as a civil rights issue , rather than just a political issue , and is therefore speaking out publicly against Proposition 8 .
Yay !
First Google , now Apple .
Hell , if only Ketel
One vodka would step up to the plate , then all of our life bloods would be on board !
Though do n't think the pro-Prop 8 side is going to take this techno - shutout out lying down .
In a move befitting the state of progression that surrounds their views , we hear the anti-gay side is trying even as we speak to shore up the backing of the folks behind this revolutionary piece of machinery :
Here 's just hoping their campaign is as big of a " floppy " as the one that made this beast of a desktop run " Frogger . "
No on Prop 8 [ Apple ]
Your thoughts
Darnell the Hair Whisperer is Gaylarious !
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQMld8EhLqI
Posted by : Jane | Oct 24 , 2008 3:05:37 PM
YAY >>
And I just bought an Apple ( not a cheap one either ) 2 weeks ago .
Glad that I am able to support a company that supports us !! :) :) :) aj
just my 2 cents
Posted by : aj | Oct 24 , 2008 3:37:14 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
A group of volunteers is undertaking to transcribe the EWDs and other documents to simple HTML files , in order to make them both searchable and accessible to the visually impaired .
If you might be interested in lending a hand in this effort , please read this .
The transcriptions completed so far , and those in progress , are indexed here :
Everyone 's buzzing about the " sophisticated and lethal special operations program " that Bob Woodward alluded to in his recent 60 Minutes interview .
An important question is : what in the heck was Woodward talking about ?
Secret death rays ?
The Voice of God weapon ?
It 's enough to make me break from my current coffee shop lounging existence to chime in with some thoughts on the subject .
First , let 's review what Woodward said in the interview :
" This is very sensitive and very top secret , but there are secret operational capabilities that have been developed by the military to locate , target and kill leaders of al - Qaida in Iraq , insurgent leaders , renegade militia leaders .
That is one of the true breakthroughs , " Woodward told Pelley .
" But what are we talking about here ?
It 's some kind of surveillance ?
Some kind of targeted way of taking out just the people that you 're looking for ? "
Pelley asked .
" I 'd love to go through the details , but I 'm not going to , " Woodward replied ....
" If you were an al - Qaida leader … and you knew about what they were able to do , you 'd get your ass outta town . "
I 'm going to make a wager about what I think Woodward is talking about , and I 'll be curious to see what Danger Room readers have to say .
I believe he is talking about the much ballyhooed ( in defense geek circles ) " Tagging , Tracking and Locating " program ; here 's a briefing on it from Special Operations Command .
These are newfangled technologies designed to track people from long distances , without the targeted people realizing they are being tracked .
That can theoretically include thermal signatures , or some sort of " taggant " placed on a person .
Think Will Smith in Enemy of the State .
Well , not so many cameras , maybe .
Why do I think this is the technology Woodward is referring to ?
Well , first , because it pretty much fits the bill , in terms of the type of capability he appears to be talking about .
It has involvement from a number of players , including the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency and Special Operations Command .
Also , the Defense Science Board has talked about this capability in similar terms , saying " the global war on terrorism cannot be won without a ‘ Manhattan Project ’ - like TTL [ tagging , tracking , and locating ] program . "
Do I , however , think that there really has been some great big breakthrough , that , in Woodward 's words , is the equivalent of the " advent of the tank and the airplane ? "
Or , in the case of the Manhattan Project comparison , the atomic bomb ?
I do n't know what Woodward has been presented with , or what he knows of these capabilities , but I 'm not convinced it's as dramatic a technological breakthrough as he seems to suggest .
That said , I suppose it could be , but it looks like we 'll have to wait to see more details .
Contributed by weerd on 2008 - 09 - 04 from the use - the - source - luke dept .
Pre-orders are now being accepted ( also in Switzerland ) for OpenBSD 4.4 , which is scheduled for release on November 1st , 2008 .
Again , the developers bring us an amazing amount of cool new stuff ( WPA , DSR , OpenSSH 5.1 , a new malloc and lots more ) .
There 's also lots of third party software available pre-packaged for easy installation .
This year 's theme touches on the special version number , 4.4 , reminiscent of the historic release of 4.4BSD - Lite in June 1994 .
The release song ( ogg , mp3 ) pays homage to the heroes of the CSRG at UCB ( Keith Bostic , Mike Karels and Kirk McKusick ) .
Of course , a t- shirt and a poster are available too .
Order your set NOW !
04:03 AM
Luxois | |
Used Rolex watches are big business for unsavory sellers .
What 's real and what 's fake ?
That 's what buyers need to know .
" The question is simple but the answer is seldom easy , " says Avi Dayan , an international expert on used Rolex watches .
" Trickery and deceit is the hallmark of those who peddle phony Rolex watches . "
The finest Rolex detectives ' know the devil is in the details , ' says Dayan .
" When the pros inspect a watch their attention is always focused on the little things most people would never notice . "
An international expert on used Rolex watches , Avi Dayan , offers 10 tips for telling a real Rolex from a fake one .
10 tips that tell a real Rolex from a fake
They have never manufactured a watch with a see - through case .
If you see a glass - back case on a watch , move on .
You 're not looking at a Rolex .
Rolex has never fabricated a case or a band with even the smallest amount of rubber .
You know it 's a fake if you feel rubber .
Skeleton dials display the moving parts of a timepiece .
They have never made a skeleton dial .
Oyster Perpetual watches always have a screwed - back case - never a pop-up .
Oysters are fabricated of steel , gold or platinum .
Chrome or chrome - plate is never used .
Only men's full - size watches have day and date features .
The case of a President is platinum , 18 - karat yellow or white gold - never steel or two - tone stainless and gold .
Rolex watches are not gold - plated - ever .
When it comes to gold , a Rolex is either 14 or 18 - karat gold .
Surprise , surprise .
Rolex does indeed , make a quartz movement watch - the perpetual Oyster .
But , be careful before you buy .
Quartz movement comprises fewer than 10 % of all Perpetual Oysters .
The other 90 % are conventional automatic Rolex movements .
They are a Swiss company that has in years past manufactured watches in various other countries including the U.S , Mexico , Italy , and Venezuela - but never China .
A " Chinese - made Rolex " is a genuine fake .
Avi Dayan has owned San Francisco - based A&E Watches for more than 16 years .
Also , check out things that you can do to protect yourself :
Never buy a watch on the street .
Never buy used Rolex watches from an Internet dealer - unless he also operates a brick and mortar store situated in a secure , respectable location .
A customer always should always have the option to visit the proprietor 's store and personally inspect a watch .
A used Rolex , like a new one , should always come with a warranty .
If you like our blog why do n't you join our Facebook page or follow us on Twitter @luxoiscom .
Rolex collections
Advertisement
Right now 100 + watches on sale !
Latest News from Rolex
Rolex Sea -Dweller in a yellow Rolesor version
This year at Baselworld , Rolex introduced an Oyster Perpetual Sea -Dweller in a yellow Rolesor version .
Rolesor is a term coined by Rolex to designate the two - toned watches .
The newcomer to the range features the bezel , crown and center links crafted in 18 - carat yellow gold , while the case and bracelet outer links are made from Oystersteel .
This is the first time ever that Rolex uses 18 - carat gold for one of their Sea - Dweller watches .
The Sea - Dweller arrives in a 43 - mm Oyster case topped by a unidirectional rotating bezel with a 60 - minute gra ...
Introducing the first Rolex Tourbillon
True Rolex aficionados often wonder why Rolex does n’t seem to make any tourbillon watches .
Despite being a globally recognized status symbol , in terms of complications Rolex does n’t compete with haute horlogerie brands such as Breguet or Vacheron Constantin .
The brand focuses on creating reliable , precise watches that pretty much resemble their original models .
It seems that Rolex builds watches based on its own heritage , and tourbillon movements are simply not something that Rolex ever pioneered or tried to incorporate .
However , something t...
Rolex GMT Master II for BaselWorld 2018
For BaselWorld 2018 , Rolex revisits its iconic GMT model and gives it two distinctive bezel designs : the “ Pepsi ” colorway – borrowed from the original GMT from 1950 ’s – and the 1970 ’s “ Rootbeer ” design .
The legendary Pepsi design was first reintroduced a couple of days ago on a precious white gold model .
This year , it makes a notable return on a more affordable stainless steel version , together with a couple of innovative features – the bezel with a graduated two - color Cerachrom insert and a Jubilee five - link bracelet .
Two other new versions ...
Rolex Cellini Moonphase in Everose Gold
BaselWorld 2017
At BaselWorld 2017 , Rolex introduced the latest creations in the Oyster and Cellini collections .
Some time ago , I wrote about the new Rolex Cosmograph Daytona with Oysterflex strap , and about the 50th anniversary edition of the Rolex Oyster Perpetual Sea - Dweller with a new , larger 43 mm case and Rolex ’s new caliber 3235 .
Today we ’ll take a closer look at an entirely new model in the Cellini collection , the Cellini Moonphase .
The Cellini Moonphase features an exclusive display of the lunar cycle .
This 39 mm - diameter watch makes its worldwide de ...
Rolex Oyster Perpetual Sea - Dweller 43 mm with a Cyclops ’s Eye
BaselWorld 2017 For BaselWorld 2017 , Rolex introduces the latest generation of its legendary diving instrument , the Oyster Perpetual Sea -Dweller .
This year , the watch that made its debut exactly 50 years ago , arrives in a slightly larger 43 mm case and , for the first time ever , equipped with a Cyclops ’s magnifying lens at 3 o’clock position .
The new Sea - Dweller is also powered by the new perpetual calibre 3235 , which is entirely designed and produced by Rolex .
This self - winding mechanical movement , fitted with no less than 14 different patents , carries the S ...
Rolex Cosmograph Daytona with Oysterflex strap
BaselWorld 2017
On the occasion of the BaselWorld 2017 , Rolex unveils three new versions of its Oyster Perpetual Cosmograph Daytona .
In addition to the 18 - carat yellow gold and 18 - carat white gold , the legendary model also returns in Everose Gold .
This time , the luxurious , sporty model is held on the innovative rubber bracelet – the OysterFlex in elastomer reinforced with a metal blade !
The Oysterflex bracelet is also fitted with an 18 ct yellow , white or Everose gold Oysterlock safety clasp – depending on the version of the watch .
The Rolex Oyster Perpetua ...
Rolex Oyster Perpetual Air-King
Earlier this year , on the occasion of the BaselWorld watch and jewelry show , Rolex introduced a new Oyster Perpetual Air-King , a watch that continues the rich aeronaval heritage of the original Rolex Oyster .
The new Rolex Oyster Perpetual Air-King is a prominent reintroduction of an old classic , a watch that pays tribute to Rolex ’s aviation roots .
The new model evokes Rolex ’s important role within the world of aviation , and especially its golden age during the 1930’s .
This period of immense progress in aircraft performance and human capacity to conquer the skies , was also the period in which the Rolex Oyster accompanied a number of aviation pioneers on their accomplishments .
Updated by the modern standards , but keeping up with the vintage aesthetic ...
Rolex Oyster Perpetual Cosmograph Daytona with a black Cerachrom bezel
BaselWorld sees the launch of Rolex ’s new Oyster Perpetual Cosmograph Daytona in stainless steel , with a sleek black ceramic bezel .
A new version of Rolex ’s Oyster Perpetual Cosmograph Daytona in 904L steel is paired with a black Cerachrom bezel , developed and patented by Rolex , paying a tribute to the rich heritage of this cult favorite chronograph .
The black bezel is bringing back the classic look of 1960 ’s Daytona , and especially the historical 1965 model that was fitted with a black Plexiglas bezel insert – the Rolex Reference 6240 , which remains one of the rarest and most sought - after by collectors .
The new Rolex Oyster Perpetual Cosmograph Daytona is pretty much th ...
Rolex introduces the new Oyster Perpetual Datejust 41 at BaselWorld 2016
On the occasion of the BaselWorld trade show , which opens its gates tomorrow morning , Rolex is introducing a new generation of its iconic Oyster Perpetual Datejust .
This year , the cult favorite collector ’s watch features an updated design , which reflects in a slightly larger case and the new Rolex calibre 3235 .
The new Datejust measures 41 mm in diameter , and it comes in yellow or Everose Rolesor versions .
In case you ’re not familiar with the term , Rolesor is a name that designates a meeting of two different metals on a single watch .
The name , which was patented by Rolex in 1933 , refers to one of the most distinctive elements of Rolex ’s watch design : the bezel , the winding crown , and the central part of the ...
Here 's their joint statement , which mentions the obvious issues -- the economy , environment , and national security -- in broad strokes , but does n't hint at a specific area where they 'll cooperate .
At this defining moment in history , we believe that Americans of all parties want and need their leaders to come together and change the bad habits of Washington so that we can solve the common and urgent challenges of our time .
It is in this spirit that we had a productive conversation today about the need to launch a new era of reform where we take on government waste and bitter partisanship in Washington in order to restore trust in government , and bring back prosperity and opportunity for every hardworking American family .
We hope to work together in the days and months ahead on critical challenges like solving our financial crisis , creating a new energy economy , and protecting our nation ’s security .
Slashdot reports that Apple has sent a " cease and desist " email to bluwiki , a public wiki site , demanding the removal of postings there by those who are trying to figure out how to write software that can sync media to the latest versions of the iPhone and iPod Touch .
Short answer : Apple does n't have a DMCA leg to stand on .
At the heart of this is the iTunesDB file , the index that the iPod operating system uses to keep track of what playable media is on the device .
Unless an application can write new data to this file , it wo n't be able to " sync " music or other content to an iPod .
The iTunesDB file has never been encrypted and is relatively well understood .
In iPods released after September 2007 , however , Apple introduced a checksum hash to make it difficult for applications other than iTunes to write new data to the iTunesDB file , thereby hindering an iPod owner 's ability to use alternative software ( like gtkpod , Winamp , or Songbird ) to manage the files on her iPod .
The original checksum hash was reverse engineered in less than 36 hours .
Apple , however , has recently updated the hashing mechanism in the latest versions of the iPhone and iPod Touch .
Those interested in using software other than iTunes to sync files to these new iPods will need to reverse engineer the hash again .
Discussions about that process were posted to the public bluwiki site .
Although it does n't appear that the authors had yet figured out the new iTunesDB hashing mechanism , Apple 's lawyers nevertheless sent a nastygram to the wiki administrator , who took down the pages in question .
Here are just a few of the fatal flaws in Apple 's DMCA argument .
Where 's the " technology , product , service , device or device " ?
The DMCA provides that :
No person shall manufacture , import , offer to the public , provide , or otherwise traffic in any technology , product , service , device , component , or part thereof , that ... is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing protection afforded by a technological measure that effectively protects a right of a copyright owner ....
The information posted on the wiki appeared to be text , along with some illustrative code .
Nothing that I saw on the pages I was able to review would appear to constitute a " technology , product , service , device , component , or part thereof . "
In fact , the authors had apparently not yet succeeded in their reverse engineering efforts and were simply discussing Apple 's code obfuscation techniques .
If Apple is suggesting that the DMCA reaches people merely talking about technical protection measures , then they 've got a serious First Amendment problem .
Who owns the copyrighted work ?
The iTunesDB file is not authored by Apple , nor does it appear that Apple has any copyright interest in it .
Instead , the iTunesDB file on every iPod is the result of the individual choices each iPod owner makes in deciding what music and other media to put on her iPod .
In other words , the iTunesDB file is to iTunes as this blog post is to Safari -- when I use Safari to produce a new work , I own the copyright in the resulting file , not Apple .
So if the iTunesDB file is the copyrighted work being protected here , then the iPod owner has every right to circumvent the protection measure , since they own the copyright to the iTunes DB file on their own iPod .
Where 's the access control ?
The contents of the iTunesDB file is not protected at all -- any application can read it .
So , as a result , the obfuscation and hashing mechanisms used by Apple to prevent people from writing to the file cannot qualify as " access controls " protected by Section 1201 ( a ) of the DMCA .
Apple might argue that the checksum hash prevents people from preparing derivative works , which means that it's a " technological measure that effectively protects the right of a copyright owner " ( as noted above , however , it 's the user , not Apple , who owns any copyright in the iTunesDB file ) .
The DMCA , however , does not prohibit circumvention of technical measures that are not access controls , although it does restrict trafficking in tools that circumvent these measures .
But , as mentioned above , there are no " tools " on the bluwiki pages .
What about the reverse engineering exemption ?
Apple 's lawyers also appear to have overlooked the DMCA 's reverse engineering exception , 17 U.S.C. 1201 ( f ) , which permits individuals to circumvent technological measures and distribute circumvention tools " for the purpose of enabling interoperability of an independently created computer program with other programs , if such means are necessary to achieve such interoperability , to the extent that doing so does not constitute [ copyright ] infringement . "
Enabling iPods to interoperate with " independently created computer programs " ( like gtkpod , Winamp , and Songbird ) is precisely what the reverse engineering exception was intended to protect .
Where 's the nexus to infringement ?
Finally , Apple 's DMCA theory fails because any " circumvention " that might be involved here has no connection to any potential copyright infringement .
Two decisions by federal courts of appeal ( 1 , 2 ) have held that without a nexus to potential infringement , there is no violation of the DMCA .
And here , it 's hard to see how reverse engineering the iTunesDB checksum hash can lead to any infringement of the iTunesDB file -- after all , the reverse engineers presumably are n't interested in making piratical copies of the iTunes DB file .
Instead , they just want to sync their iPhones and iPods using software other than iTunes .
No infringement there .
Of course , without more than the bare " cease and desist " emails sent by Apple 's lawyers to bluwiki , we can't know for certain what other DMCA arguments they may have had in mind .
But I certainly can't see any DMCA violation here based on Apple 's nastygrams thus far .
As the 2.2 iPhone firmware release draws near , the iPhone Dev Team is once again suggesting that jailbreak users delay upgrading .
Each firmware release in the past has broken jailbreaks , taking time for the team to tunnel past Apple 's locks to restore the minty fresh goodness of Open SSH access and Installer / Cydia software distribution via the friendly PwnApple .
In a recent blog post , the dev team has singled out 3G iPhone users hoping for unlocks .
The team , which has been working on the 3G unlock since it launched suggests that 2.2 may bring with it more than just the usual re-jailbreaking challenge , although the team members do not provide details as to what that additional roadblock might be .
At this time , you can jailbreak your iPhone 3G but you cannot software - unlock it .
Their Pwnage application will , however , software - unlock any first - generation iPhone .
As most of you know , unlocking allows you to use your iPhone with any GSM carrier including T - Mobile in the US and a wide range of carriers outside the US .
An anti-President Robert Mugabe protester has become the highest profile victim of the disease .
Julia Chapeyama , 44 , was repeatedly arrested and harassed by Mr Mugabe 's regime when riot police swooped on protests by Women of Zimbabwe Arise , of which Muss Chapeyama was a founding member .
Heart Valves From Natural Body Cells Grow With The Patient
German President Horst Köhler will award the German Future Prize for 2008 on 3 December in Berlin .
Professor Axel Haverich , a heart surgeon and Leibniz prizewinner from Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft ( DFG , German Research Foundation ) Hannover Medical School ( MHH ) , and his two colleagues Dr. Serghei Cebotari and Dr. Michael Harder are one of four teams who have made the final round of the President 's award for engineering and innovation , worth 250,000 euros .
This is the result of the preliminary selection that was announced on Tuesday by the Head of the Office of the Federal President , Undersecretary of State Dr. Gert Haller , in Berlin .
The three scientists were nominated for the development and successful transplantation of tissue engineered biological cardiac valves for children , which grow with the patients – an innovation in both medicine and medical technology which has been supported by the DFG with funds from the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize .
The “ decellularised and re-colonised pulmonary valves ” developed by Haverich and his team provide child patients with significantly improved chances of survival and a better quality of life .
In Europe around 1,200 heart valve transplants a year are performed on children .
The mechanical heart valves normally used in these operations have the disadvantage that they require lifelong blood thinning treatment and are susceptible to infections .
The biological heart valves from pigs or cows used as an alternative are again only of limited durability .
Children with heart valve defects therefore normally have to undergo multiple operations – with all the physical and psychological pressures and risks this entails .
Haverich and his colleagues , on the other hand , use heart valves that are " grown " from the young patient 's natural body cells .
To do this , a valve from a human or animal donor is removed of all cells using tissue engineering , so that only its outer framework remains .
This valve matrix is then colonised with cells that have been obtained from the blood of the recipient and propagated .
Within a few weeks , a quasi-natural heart valve then emerges in this bioreactor , that exhibits no rejection response or other faults , but instead grows with the patient after the implantation .
The foundation for this innovation in medicine and medical technology was laid in 1995 .
In that year the then 42 - year old Haverich was honoured by the DFG with Germany ’s most prestigious research prize , the Leibniz Prize , for his groundbreaking scientific work in the area of transplant medicine .
One year later Haverich used the prize money of three million German marks at that time to found the Leibniz Research Laboratories for Biotechnology and Artificial Organs ( LEBAO ) at Hannover Medical School .
The first major project of the new establishment was the development of “ grown ” heart valves .
After six years of development work and experiments on small and large animals , in May 2002 Haverich was able to implant the first decellularised and re-colonised heart valves into two children of nine and ten years of age .
Since then 16 children have been successfully operated on .
The first two patients have now been living with their new cardiac valves for over six years – free of illness and comparable with healthy children in terms of their physical development .
Haverich and his colleagues have documented the scientific bases of their new treatment in great detail in numerous publications .
A series of patents and the establishment of two companies also testify to the strong market potential of their innovation .
This should grow considerably further if such heart valves can also be implanted in adults , a declared aim for Haverich .
His work has since received further impetus from the Excellence Initiative by the German federal and state governments , which is funding the excellence cluster " From Regenerative Biology to Reconstructive Therapy " ( Rebirth ) at the MHH , in which Haverich is developing new methods of growing tissue in his role as coordinator .
All this has convinced the jury made up of renowned experts from science and business in the preliminary selection for the Federal President 's Future Prize .
The German Future Prize has been awarded annually since 1997 and is considered the most important innovation award in Germany .
It is given by the Federal President to honour scientists and inventors who , based on excellent research , initiate the process of bringing credible projects and products to the market .
This , in the DFG 's view , is what Axel Haverich does outstandingly well : " Professor Haverich is a surgeon and scientist recognised the world over with outstanding publications and patents , who at his clinic promotes an extraordinarily technology - and innovation - friendly climate , " emphasised DFG President Professor Matthias Kleiner .
Haverich stands for the combination of research and clinical practice at the highest level , continued Kleiner , and is moreover committed in many different ways to scientific self - governance , most of all in the DFG Senate , of which he was a member from 2001 to 2007 , and in the Senate Commission for Clinical Research .
But the nomination for the Future Prize is not only a distinction for Haverich himself , but also an affirmation of the Leibniz Prize , emphasised the DFG President .
The prize , which has been awarded since 1986 , brings its winners not only worldwide renown and large prize money , but also the freedom to use this money for independent research projects of their choice with a minimum of red tape .
Six Leibniz recipients later went on to receive the Nobel Prize .
" These heart valves that grow with the patient are impressive evidence for the forward - looking way in which this freedom can be used , " Kleiner said .
With his pioneering development Haverich certainly has a good chance of success in the final selection at the beginning of December : " The Future Prize would be a well - deserved accolade for his outstanding work . "
The presentation of the Future Prize will be broadcast on ZDF on 3 December 2008 at 10:15 p.m .
Quote from : TNA FO 371/34484
The Facts about Rudolf Hess
Hess flew to Great Britain in a Me. 110 , from which he landed by parachute in the evening of the 10th May , 1941 , at Eaglesham in Scotland .
He was wearing the uniform of a captain in the German Air Force .
He gave his name as Alfred Horn and stated to the Home Guard and the Police that he was on a “ special mission ” to see the Duke of Hamilton , and that he had intended to land at Dungavel , 12 miles distant from the spot where he landed .
The prisoner was taken to Maryhill Barracks and amongst his possessions were found photographs of himself and of a small boy , also the visiting cards of Dr. Karl Haushofer and Dr. Albrecht Haushofer , his son .
No other documents or identifications were found on the prisoner .
On Sunday , the 11th May , at 10 a.m. , Wing - Commander the Duke of Hamilton arrived at Maryhill Barracks and visited the prisoner with the interrogating officer and the Military Officer on guard .
At the prisoner ’s request the latter two officers withdrew .
He then stated to the Wing - Commander that the latter had lunched in his house in Berlin at the time of the Olympic games in 1936 and added : “ I am Rudolf Hess ” .
The Wing - Commander had no recollection of the prisoner and was not aware that he had ever seen or met Rudolf Hess .
The prisoner then proceeded : “ I am on a mission of humanity .
The Führer does not want to defeat England and wants to stop fighting ” .
His friend Haushofer , he stated , had told him that the Wing - Commander was an Englishman who would understand his point of view .
He had tried to arrange a meeting in Lisbon .
He had three times before tried to fly to Dungavel , the first time being in December 1940 , but had been turned back by weather or various other reasons .
He did not want to come during the time of British successes in Libya lest it should appear that it was the weakness of Germany which prompted the flight , but that now Germany had had some success there he was glad to come .
He stressed that his presence showed his sincerity and the German willingness for peace .
His main theme was that Hitler was convinced that Germany would win sooner or later ; that he ( the prisoner ) wanted to stop the unnecessary slaughter .
He asked the Wing - Commander to get together the leading members of his party to talk over things with a view to making peace proposals .
He then stated that he could tell him what the Führer ’s peace terms would be .
The Wing - Commander pointed out that there was now only one party in Great Britain .
The Wing - Commander immediately flew to London and reported this conversation , stating that , though he could not be sure , he believed the prisoner was , in fact , Rudolf Hess .
Mr. Kirkpatrick of the Foreign Office , who had during the period of his official duties in Berlin before the war become acquainted with Hess , was at once flown up to Scotland to identify the prisoner .
He had three interviews , on the 13th , 14th and 15th May .
At the first of these he confirmed that the prisoner was Rudolf Hess .
During these interviews
Hess further elaborated the object of his visit .
He stressed the enormous power of Germany in the air and in U - boats , which latter , he stated , would grow much greater .
He affirmed the certainty of England ’s defeat by blockade , if not very quickly , in the course of two or three years .
He expressed his horror at the prospect of the prolongation of the struggle .
He had come , he said , without the knowledge of the Führer to convince responsible persons that , since England could not win , the wisest course was to make peace at once .
He gave his word of honour that the Führer had never entertained any designs against the British Empire , nor had he ever aspired to world domination .
The Führer would sincerely regret the collapse of the British Empire .
Hitler had declared to him as recently as the 3rd May that he had no oppressive demands to make on England .
The solution which Hess put forward was as follows : -
( i) That Germany should be given a free hand in Europe .
( ii ) That England should have a free hand in the British Empire , except that the ex-German colonies should be returned to Germany .
( iii ) That Russia should be included in Asia , but that Germany had certain demands to make of Russia which would have to be satisfied either by negotiation or as the result of war .
There was , however , no truth in the rumours that the Führer contemplated an early attack on Russia .
( iv ) That the British should evacuate Iraq .
( v) The peace agreement would have to contain a provision for the reciprocal indemnification of British and German Nationals , whose property had been expropriated as the result of war .
( vi ) The proposal could only be considered on the understanding that it was negotiated by Germany with an English Government other than the present British Government .
Mr. Churchill , who had planned the war since 1936 , and his colleagues , who had lent themselves to his war policy , were not persons with whom the Führer would negotiate .
Hess concluded by emphasising that the Führer really wanted a permanent understanding with Great Britain on a basis which preserved the British Empire intact .
His own flight was intended to give Great Britain a chance of opening conversations without loss of prestige .
If this chance were to be rejected it would be the Führer ’s duty to destroy Great Britain utterly and to keep the country after the war in a state of permanent subjection .
These so - called “ terms ” were restated by Hess in a signed document dated the 10th June .
The only new point made in this document was the provision that a simultaneous armistice and peace must be concluded with Italy .
It was , throughout , made clear to Hess that there was no question whatever of any talks or negotiations of any kind taking place with Hitler or his Government .
Hess has been dealt with as a prisoner of war since his arrival in this country and will so continue to be treated till the end of the war .
I 've been meaning to type this up for some time and have finally completed it .
This is a report written by the British Foreign Office following Rudolf Hess ' surprise arrival in Britain in May 1941 , giving " the facts " about what his intentions were .
It is extracted from the National Archives , file reference : FO 371/34484A printable PDF version can be downloaded here :
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Five centuries after Leonardo da Vinci ’s intricate drawings transformed understanding of the human heart , a new computer model promises to do the same for modern - day cardiac care , experts say .
The model -- so realistic its four chambers beat in the same asymmetrical rhythm on screen as does a real heart in the human body -- is the work of three British doctors who say the creation will improve both training and care during surgery .
The three - dimensional model ’s intricate details coupled with life - like animation that doctors can easily manipulate make the cyber heart unique , said Sue Wright , an anesthesiologist at the Heart Hospital in London who helped design the heart .
“ We can slice it , spin it around and look at it from any angle .
We have reproduced the timing of the human heart beat to within 20 milliseconds , ” she said in an interview .
The new model will lead to better care , said Robert Anderson , a heart structure expert at University College London .
The Italian master ’s drawings showed the heart was a muscle with four chambers , he noted .
They also suggested that arteries could clog up over a lifetime , posing a risk to health .
“ At the time , da Vinci ’s sketches opened up a new approach to the understanding of cardiac structure , ” said Anderson , also a visiting professor at the Medical University of South Carolina .
“ The new model is just as important , since it sets a new paradigm for understanding cardiac structure . ”
The pharmaceutical industry is also eyeing virtual models of the human body as a quicker and more cost - effective way to predict how developmental drugs may work in different
parts of the body .
The three doctors at the Heart Hospital in London say they designed their virtual heart because they felt current two - dimensional models were not accurate enough .
These limitations make it harder to teach students how to perform a complicated ultrasound scan of the heart that entails guiding a probe down through the throat to the stomach .
“ We were trying to teach people the anatomy of the heart using inaccurate models , ” Wright said .
During a recent demonstration , Wright showed how a few mouse clicks allows a doctor to examine the inside or outside walls and intricate structures of the heart , which pumps about five liters of blood per minute .
Recreating that kind of detail was not easy .
It took four years of tapping the expertise of dozens of doctors who each specialized on different parts of the heart .
They also analyzed hundreds of previous models and enlisted a company known for its work on films to provide the technical know - how to translate the data they had gathered into a software program to power the virtual heart on screen .
“ We based a lot of the model on surgical data and surgeons who have had their hands in the chest , ” Wright said .
Atlantis Dubai
A World Away From Your Everyday
Play video
Pull Kristi Burton 's string , and the wind - up doll may say a couple of things .
The right of protection for every human being — that 's one of her signature catchphrases .
As are laying a common sense foundation and determining a concrete definition .
But try to get the 21 - year - old sponsor of Amendment 48 — the so - called " Personhood Amendment " that would alter the Colorado Constitution to define a " person " as beginning at the moment of fertilization — to admit that her ballot initiative has implications that go much further than establishing definitions , and the doll shuts down .
Kristi Burton is simply not wired that way .
Independence Institute president Jon Caldara learned this firsthand when he moderated an Independent Thinking debate between Burton and Fofi Mendez , the campaign director for No on 48 .
Despite Caldara 's self - proclaimed efforts to " hold her to the fire , " Burton displayed the icy unflappability and steel resolve of the best policy wonks , dogmatic in her black blazer and shoulder - length blond hair , a chilling premonition of Fox News sound bites yet to be .
Repeatedly insisting that her only goal was to establish a concrete definition of when life begins so that people can reasonably debate the issues , Burton never gave credence to claims that her many opponents are howling from the rooftops : that , if passed , this amendment would have the potential to outlaw abortion , birth control and stem - cell research and , in some instances , pit a mother 's health against that of her unborn child .
She never acknowledged that her amendment could potentially lead to a legal battle over Roe v. Wade in the United States Supreme Court .
Info Kristi Burton
Instead , she held fast to her talking points .
" Those are issues that should be dealt with by our courts and legislature , " Burton responded time and time again , referring to the thousands of instances when the word " person " appears in Colorado statutes , which would all have to be re-examined if the amendment passes .
" But before we can debate any of them , we need to establish a concrete definition . "
You could almost make it into a drinking game .
" She 's got a million - dollar genuine smile , " Caldara said after the debate .
" She 's vivacious , she 's attractive , she 's so on point you can't pull her off of it !
When I own a nuclear power plant and it goes all Chernobyl on me , I 'm hiring her as my PR flack ....
She 's an incredibly impressive woman , and she 's got a future , for sure .
I 'm not with her on her issue — but the lady has a future . "
Mendez was also impressed by Burton 's skills , but believes the way she wields them is dangerous .
" My take on Ms. Burton is that her enthusiasm and idealism are commendable until those qualities start to hurt real families and create a legal nightmare in the Colorado Constitution , " she says .
" In her discussion around what Amendment 48 would do , Ms. Burton refuses to answer any real questions . "
Kristi Burton tries to answer a few real questions when I interview her in KBDI 's green room , where her blazer - clad father is seated alongside her .
But when I ask for the most rebellious thing she 's ever done , she 's absolutely stumped , and a day later still can't come up with an answer .
She thought about getting a tattoo once , she says , either the Chinese symbol for " eternal love " or " enough , " but she never followed through .
Born in Peyton , Colorado , to Michael and Debra Burton , Kristi was raised in a religious household and home - schooled by her mother , as were her two younger brothers .
As a child , she remembers playing with goats on her family 's ranch ; in high school , she qualified for the nationals as a debater .
" A lot of people say , ' Oh , if you 're home - schooled , you do n't get to be socialized . '
I do n't feel that 's really true , " she says .
" We did take some classes , art classes and writing classes , with other students , and my brothers played sports .
It also gave me a lot of opportunities to try things that kids in school all day could n't . "
Like graduating early , for example .
A tenacious student who early on dreamed of being a teacher like her mom , Burton finished high school when she was fifteen .
She worked for two years at her father 's real - estate firm , established a girls ' group at her church and attended music programs to hone her skills as a vocalist and recorder player .
At seventeen , Burton began taking classes through Oak Brook College of Law and Government , an online law school whose mission is " to train individuals who desire to advance the gospel of Jesus Christ through service as advocates of truth , counselors of reconciliation , and ministers of justice in the fields of law and government policy . "
( Oak Brook students are also encouraged to " rely upon the indwelling Holy Spirit to give them the power to develop within them Christ - like character qualities . " )
Two years ago , she decided she was ready to act on the vision she'd had while sick in bed as a thirteen - year - old , praying : that it was her calling to protect those who could n't protect themselves .
Specifically , the unborn .
" I really feel like we should all help people , and I like to help people who really do n't have a voice , " she says .
" You could pick a lot of people who do n't have a voice , but currently in America , where I live right now , unborn children do n't have a voice .
They can't speak for themselves , so I would like to do my best to see what I can do to help them . "
At a legal conference , she met an Oak Brook alum named Mark Meuser who had experience with pro-life causes .
Meuser helped Burton write the language that would become Amendment 48 , this purposefully simple line : " As used in sections 3 , 6 , and 25 of Article II of the state constitution , the terms ' person ' or ' persons ' shall include any human being from the moment of fertilization . "
After that , Burton established Colorado for Equal Rights and , with the help of her parents , set about getting her proposal — the first constitutional amendment of its kind in the country — on the ballot .
" It was a long process , " she says .
" We had to call the secretary of state 's office a lot of times , we had to go through a couple of boards before we could start collecting signatures , and the opposition took us to court to challenge the single subject . "
But this summer , Amendment 48 cleared all hurdles , collecting a record - setting 130,000 signatures through a primarily volunteer effort and making it onto the November ballot .
Burton 's been stumping ever since .
" Right now I 'm in the middle of a state tour , so today I had to get up at five , " she says with a roll of her eyes .
" I had to speak at a Republican club , do a few debates , meet with a reporter ; I 'm the spokesperson , so I do a bunch of these events — from meeting at people 's homes to meeting in churches , at clubs or organizations .
I guess right now it 's really just a bunch of meetings . "
Burton finds the constant stumping both fun and exhausting , but says she still finds time to relax .
She likes to unwind by hanging out with friends and going to movies .
She can't exactly remember the last movie she saw , but she 's pretty sure it was " the Batman movie . "
On the road , she escapes into the music of Christian rockers Casting Crowns and Mark Schultz .
And there 's plenty to escape from .
" I 've been really surprised by how extreme people are with their comments on blogs or in e-mails , " says Burton , noting that one poster wished she had been aborted .
" People disagree with me — I know that , that 's fine .
People are always going to disagree ; that 's why we need a discussion on the issue .
But the names they 've called me and my parents , and the bad things that they hope happen to us — it 's just really shocking . "
But there are highs along with the lows .
When she 's at the office , manning the phones , callers are shocked to learn that they 're actually talking to the Kristi Burton .
They can't believe she 's so hands - on that she actually answers the phones .
She gets a kick out of that .
" I 'm the same normal person I was two years before this started , " she says with a laugh .
" I guess I 'm realizing that some people do n't think I 'm a normal person .
But I am . "
If it 's normal for a 21 - year - old to almost single - handedly get a proposed amendment to the state constitution on the ballot , a measure that has the power to change the lives of hundreds of thousands of women , that is .
" I do n't think it 's a matter of me telling women how to live their lives , because , honestly , I can 't , " she responds .
" That 's why it's on the ballot .
That 's why every voter in Colorado gets to decide .
I 'm simply putting a question before the voters of Colorado and , you know , defining things .
Our one - sentence amendment is based in modern medical science , and it addresses an outdated belief .
When the current constitution was written , the biological information we now have available did n't exist , and so all I 'm saying is , knowing what we know now , maybe we should take another look . "
Burton is quick to say that 35 years ago , at the time of Roe v.
Wade , science and medicine could n't prove that life begins at fertilization — but now they can .
This is one of her set pieces , and she trumpets the strength of this science as an inarguable truth demanding the redefinition of when life begins .
But she 's not so high on other forms of science .
" I do n't feel like there is enough scientific evidence to prove evolution , " says the Oak Brook student .
( The online school 's mission statement requires that students reject evolution . )
" And I think there is a lot of science on the other end that proves creation .
I do n't get into that issue hugely , though .
I 'm not super - interested in that issue , and I do n't see it as related to the amendment itself . "
And that 's as much as Burton wants to say about believing in a Flintstonian world where dinosaurs and man once co-existed .
The question she 's asked most frequently :
What , exactly , would her amendment do ?
For this , her answer is as well - rehearsed as any high - school debate speech .
" Our goal is to lay a common - sense foundation , a concrete definition of what it is to be a person for dealing with those issues later on , " she says .
" Sure , birth control and abortion will have to be dealt with , but how can we deal with them without a definition ?
We can't effectively .
That really is our position . "
Whenever you pull her string .
Power from the Great Beyond : Spanish Town Puts Solar Panels on Graves
November 25th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
We do n’t usually expect graveyards to give us much besides a chance to express grief , but a small town outside Barcelona , Spain has found a new use for them : energy powerhouses .
The town of Santa Coloma de Gramenet has placed 462 solar panels on top of mausoleums in the local cemetery .
The panels will provide enough power for 60 homes .
Apparently , flat , open , sun-accessible land is so hard to come by in the town that the graveyard was the only viable place to install solar panels .
And while some may consider the move sacrilegious , the company that is running the renewable energy program believes that the best way to pay tribute to the dead is by letting them generate renewable energy for the current generation .
That ’s something I find hard to argue with .
Photo Credit : AP
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Italian police officers recently seized a tiny gun that 's disguised as a cellphone .
It can hold four bullets and is powerful enough to kill somebody .
It looks pretty good , phone - wise , if pretty outdated .
It 's stuff like this that makes me having to pour my water out at airport security seem even more idiotic .
If I had one of these things , I could put it in the basket as I went through the metal detector , but you 're not letting me bring in a bottle of water ?
Screw you , TSA .
Hit the jump for another shot of this thing .
Advertisement
[ Fotoglif ]
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
A run on a money market fund managed by Putnam Investments , a subsidiary of Great West Lifeco Inc. gwli has forced the company to liquidate the institutional fund .
Putnam said that " significant redemption pressure " on Wednesday forced it to close the $ 15 billion Putnam Prime Money Market Fund ppmxx .
" Constraints on liquidity in money market instruments created the risk that in order to process redemptions , the fund would realize losses in selling its portfolio securities , " said Putnam in a statement .
" The Trustees determined to close the fund to ensure equitable treatment of all fund shareholders . "
The statement did not say when shareholders will receive their money , nor did it say whether the payouts would maintain the fund 's $ 1 a share net asset value .
Shake your tambourine !
Blow your didgeridoo !
Beat your drums !
Toot your horn !
That Place Coffee House invites you to bring your whistles , bells , drums , bongos or horns ... Saturday evenings 7 - 9 p.m. for a DRUM CIRCLE .
All ages are welcome .
That Place is located on Third Avenue between Main and Washington streets in downtown Hillsboro .
The address is 131 SE 3rd ... or just listen for some sort of music .
After reading Jeff ’s terribly misguided post about NP - completeness I thought to myself : “ If Jeff , who seems to be completely clueless about complexity theory , can write a blog post about it then so can I . ”
So without further ado , here ’s ob ’s complex guide to simplifying complexity theory .
First of all let ’s get the definitions out of the way .
Turing machine
An idealized computer , with infinite memory , an infinitely fast cpu , and unlimited bandwidth .
It ’s a mathematical model of computer so it can kick your Core 2 Duo ’s sorry little ass faster than you can say Pentium .
Note I originally wanted to make the point that bandwidth and cpu speed are irrelevant , but it seems to have confused more than clarified . )
Problem
In complexity theory , a problem is really a decision problem .
It has a simple yes / no answer .
You do n’t ask “ take this list and sort it and print the last ten items ” that ’s not a decision problem .
You do ask “ does this program , given this input , produce the last ten items of the sorted input ? ” .
Note Although the sort problem as outlined here would be a valid decision problem , it is confusing since just changing my “ last ten items ” to “ last C items ” where C is a function of n would make it not be a decision problem .
Better to use some other example , like “ is the number given prime ? ” )
n Size of the input for the turing machine .
E.g. if your turing machine is sorting strings , like in the example above , n is the number of symbols that it takes as input .
T(n ) Number of steps ( i.e. instructions ) that a turing machine must execute to solve a problem with input of size n .
Polynomial Time When T( n ) can be expressed as an equation of n , and possibly some constants , using only addition , subtraction , multiplication , and constant non-negative whole number exponents .
E.g. n² is a polynomial while 2ⁿ is not .
Non-deterministic turing machine A turing machine that can , at every branch point , take all possible branches in parallel .
We call this guessing the optimal answer because , since the turing machine takes all branches , it must take the optimal branch too .
If any of the parallel turing machines finds an answer , the non-deterministic turing machine stops and gives that answer ( this means that it ’s ok for some branches to never end ) .
So take your already idealized computer from above and make it able to reproduce itself on every branch point .
I.e. it can follow all possible decisions in parallel .
P The class of problems that can be solved by a turing machine in polynomial time .
NP
The class of problems that can be solved by a non-deterministic turing machine in polynomial time .
Reducing a problem to another Imagine you have two problems , P1 and P2 .
You know something about P1 ( e.g. that it belongs to NP ) .
Now you want to prove some property of P2 , for instance , that it belongs to NP as well .
One technique is to show that if we could solve P2 in polynomial time ( i.e. P2 belongs to P ) , we could use that answer to solve P1 in polynomial time .
This would mean that P1 belongs to P which is a contradiction .
This technique is called reductio ad absurdum .
Note I completely botched this and commenter Bibi correctly called me on it .
Here ’s an attempt to clarify a reduction : if you want to solve an instance of P2 , you convert it to an instance of P1 , and then solve P1 to get an answer .
Thus , you ’ve reduced P2 to P1 .
How ’s that ? )
NP - complete
We say a problem is NP - complete if it satisfies two properties : 1 ) it belongs to NP , and 2 ) every other problem that belogs to NP can be reduced , in polynomial time , to it .
This means that if we come up with a solution for an NP - complete problem that runs in polynomial time in a deterministic turing machine ( i.e. belongs to P ) , any other problem in NP can be solved in polynomial time by first reducing it ( again , in polynomial time ) to this problem , and using our solution .
We would have proved that P = NP and we would have also won ( pinky to corner of mouth ) one million dollars .
NP - hard A problem P1 , that is so hard , that even though we can prove number two above , we ca n’t prove number one .
This means we know P1 to be just as hard as anything in NP and possibly harder , but we do n’t know if P1 is in NP or not .
P1 is very likely to require exponential time .
Note I stand by my definition of NP - hard .
Although not being able to prove # 1 is a sufficient condition , it is not necessary .
All problems in P are in NP , and yet we call them P , not NP .
Thus , even if all problems that are NP - complete are also NP - hard , it ’s uninteresting to call an NP - complete problem NP - hard .
The point of calling a problem NP - hard is that , it ’s really hard !
Even if it turned out that P = NP , an NP - hard problem might still be hard ! )
As we ready our reviews of the 2008 iPod nano , classic , and touch , we wanted to provide a little bit of early information on surprising updates to features found in prior versions of these devices .
There will be a number of others — including changes in the way certain iPods charge — but here ’s an early list of things that you might find interesting .
11 . Radio .
The fourth - generation iPod nano works with the prior iPod Radio Remote accessory , and now includes a feature called Tagged Songs , which can tag songs you hear on the radio for later purchase through iTunes .
FM radio tagging has recently been touted as a new built - in feature in Microsoft ’s Zune ; Apple previously supported HD Radio tagging , which uses a less popular form of digital radio tuner and has required dock - like radio hardware .
The 120 GB iPod classic has not gained this feature , and the second - generation iPod touch brings up an unsupported accessory message when it ’s connected .
10 . Games .
Surprise !
The fourth - generation iPod nano plays Click Wheel iPod Games — the same ones sold last year by Apple after the release of the 2007 iPods .
Since these games display in the nano ’s widescreen video format , a new screen comes up to explain that the buttons have been remapped to correspond to the vertical orientation of the device , which may be a little confusing for some people .
9. Genius .
The 120 GB iPod classic includes Genius , a feature that creates automatic playlists of similar songs , just like the iPod nano and iPod touch .
It ’s still unclear whether Apple will get around to adding the feature to the original iPod classic .
8. Fonts and Accessibility .
The new iPod nano has the ability to increase its font size from “ Standard ” to “ Large . ”
Large makes the text roughly as big as the iPod classic ’s , or nine lines of text versus the standard ten .
To aid those with visual disabilities , Apple has also created a series of audio prompts for the nano ’s menus , which can be turned on using iTunes 8 .
When you select Enable spoken menus for accessibility , iTunes 8 creates a collection of spoken menus for your device , then synchronizes them to the nano , a process that takes a few minutes .
So far , it appears that this feature only works in English .
Notably , Apple also includes a new English ( UK ) option as an alternative to English ( US ) .
7. Crossfade .
The iPod nano now has an Audio Crossfade feature to blend songs smoothly into one another ; the iPod classic has not gained this feature .
6. Video-Out .
Apple ’s worst decision of 2007 lives on in the 2008 iPod family : video - out is still locked , requiring an overpriced authentication chip - based video cable ( or similarly expensive docking device ) to function .
5. Nike + iPod .
We ’ve been able to successfully pair an older Nike + iPod Sensor to both the iPod nano and the iPod touch .
Connecting the iPod classic to the Nike + Receiver brings up an unsupported accessory screen .
Nike +
iPod is its own optional icon on the iPod touch , featuring the ability to pair with a sensor , record your performance , and play back audio during workouts in the same manner as the iPod nano version .
Audio feedback is still provided .
The iPod nano version is very similar to its prior incarnation , except you can now rotate the screen on your preferred orientation during the workout .
4. Screen rotation and Accelerometer .
The iPod nano allows for a surprising amount of screen rotation within its features — not just music , but also Nike +
iPod , which can be set to your preferred display orientation in a settings menu .
You can also do the same with Nike +
iPod on the iPod touch , rotating the screen if you ’re so inclined .
This likely will facilitate better workout solutions , and potentially a new generation of accelerometer - based iPod games that work solely on the new nano .
Apple has also included “ Shake , ” which lets you shake the nano to activate shuffle mode ; this can be turned off .
3. Maze Versus iQuiz .
The iPod classic still ships with iQuiz , Apple ’s music and video trivia game , but the fourth - generation iPod nano replaces it with Maze , an accelerometer - based game that tracks the progress of a ball moving through on - screen mazes .
You tilt the nano to move the ball through the maze to the finish point .
2. Audio Recording .
The iPod nano 4G and iPod classic 120 GB continue to include Voice Memos , a feature originally introduced in third - generation iPods back in 2003 and then carried on to every successive hard drive - based iPod , as well as the iPod nanos starting with the second generation .
Now Voice Memos on both devices works with both Dock Connector recording accessories and headphone port - based microphones such as the one included with the iPhone and iPhone 3G .
On the iPod nano , another new feature lets you press the central Action button to insert chapter markers ; the iPod classic has not gained this new feature .
1. Software Versions .
The 2008 iPod shuffle ships with Software Version 1.0.4 .
i Pod nano ( fourth - generation ) ships with Software Version 1.0 .
iPod classic ( 120 GB ) ships with Software Version 2.0 .
i Pod touch ( second - generation ) ships with Software Version 2.1.1 ( 5F138 ) .
We ’ll have much more on all the new iPods soon .
UGTSARIO congress delegates
By Margarita Windisch
The 6th Congress of the Western Sahara General Union of Saguia El Hamra and Rio de Oro Workers ( UGTSARIO ) took place from October 19 - 21 , 2008 , in El Aaiun , one of four Saharawi refugee camps in the Hamada desert in south - west Algeria .
The brutally harsh Hamada desert , justifiably termed the most inhospitable place on Earth , has become the home away from home for more than 160,000 Saharawi refugees since Morocco ’s occupation of Western Sahara in 1975 .
Three Australian trade unionists ( two from the Australian Workers Union -- AWU -- and one from the Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance -- MEAA ) travelled thousands of kilometres to attend the congress and participate in the 4th International Trade Union Conference in Solidarity with the Western Saharan Workers , which was convened as part of the 6th UGTSARIO congress .
All three were also members of the Australian Western Sahara Association .
UGTSARIO congress
The UGTSARIO congress was attended by 380 delegates representing different sectors of Saharawi workers , from refugee camps as well as from Mauritania , Algeria , Spain and France .
Currently there are four unions affiliated to the UGTSARIO , and the rest of its membership is made up of individual workers .
There is a push to develop more unions , specific to particular sectors .
Most notable was the high number of women delegates at the congress , which indicates a high level of women ’s participation in public life and work .
The congress officially opened with the singing of the national anthem and a speech by Mohamed Abdelaziz , president of the Democratic Republic of Western Sahara ( SADR ) , honouring the contributions and sacrifices made by Saharawi workers .
Outgoing secretary general of the UGTSARIO , Mohamed Cheikh Mohamed Lehbib , then presented the UGTSARIO bureau ’s financial and activities reports , before inviting international delegations representing 16 trade unions to give greetings .
Around 70 international guests attended the congress , representing trade unions and organisations from the African Union , Algeria , Nigeria , South Africa , Spain , Italy , Australia , Portugal , Norway , Greece , Mexico and Sweden .
Margarita Windisch with locals .
The congress also heard from former phosphate workers from the Western Saharan territories occupied by Morrocco .
Due to the fierce repression against Saharawis in the occupied zone and a heavily mined 2500 - kilometre long wall separating it from the liberated areas and the refugee camps , the participation of these workers could only occur via phone link up .
Over the three days the congress debated the adoption of its new national program and elected a new leadership until its next congress in four years .
In a rare opportunity the Australian delegations became ``international observers ’’ – able to witness the UGTSARIO election process , which was fascinating and very democratic .
Mohamed Cheikh Mohamed Lehbib was re-elected general secretary with a high margin and a new executive bureau was also elected .
International Trade Union Conference in Solidarity with the Western Saharan Workers
This conference ( targeted at the international guests ) was held on October 20 , and was part of the 6th UGTSARIO congress .
It focused on discussing three main issues :
1 ) the plundering of Western Sahara ’s natural resources by Morocco and other countries / companies and how to develop a solidarity campaign ,
2 ) abuse of Saharawis ’ human rights and workers ’ rights abuses by the Moroccan regime , in Morocco proper and occupied Western Sahara
3 ) supporting UGTSARIO ’s membership of international trade union federations .
The conference was attended by representatives of 23 trade unions and organisations from 11 countries , representing more than 200 million trade unionists .
Iberian peninsular trade unionists were the most represented with three Spanish confederations ( the UGT – linked to the current Spanish government , USO and CC.OO ) , one Basque ( ELA ) , one Galician ( CIG ) and one Portuguese ( CGTP ) .
Italian unionists were represented via the CGIL ( the General Confederation of Italian Workers ) ; the Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU ) sent a sizable delegation , as did the Nigerian Labour Congress ( NLC ) , which participated for the first time .
The Algerian federation UGTA sent its general secretary and OUSA – a pan-African federation – and the World Federation of Trade Unions also participated .
Ron Guy , representing the Australian Council of Trade Unions ( ACTU ) , spoke for our delegation on the conference panel .
The Australian delegation also represented the AWU and the Socialist Alliance .
In his conference contribution Ron Guy raised the issue of natural resource theft as being critical to any solidarity campaign that tries to achieve more than just deliver emergency aid to the refugee camps , and instead sharply refocus on the illegal occupation of Western Sahara and the Saharawi people ’s claim of sovereignty over their territory .
Our delegation argued that Morocco ’s illegal trade deals with foreign countries and companies help finance the occupation , and provide legitimacy and support for its continuation .
Highlighting this natural resources issue , we argued , automatically brings in the question of sovereignty , which can be avoided by only focusing on human rights abuses .
Australian and Norwegian activists , represented by three young Western Sahara Resource Watch members who are teaching English in the camps , are helping to lead this specific campaign .
Our reports about work done in this area were enthusiastically received as were our proposals for action .
No other country represented at the conference had done any concrete work / actions on this issue to date , even though their own countries are profiting from trade deals with Morocco relating to the theft of the Saharawis ’ resources .
The East Timor struggle for independence was raised many times during the conference , as it is very pertinent to the Western Sahara situation .
Our delegation put forward a proposal for other union federations present to join our protests against Australian company Wesfarmer ’s illegal imports of Western Saharan phosphate ( Wesfarmer ’s fertiliser subsidiary , CSBP is the second - biggest Australian importer of phosphate from Western Sahara ) .
We also moved for an international day of action against the theft of Saharawi resources to take place ; targeting companies and / or our respective governments .
After discussion , a subcommittee of six people , including a member of the Australian delegation , was nominated to develop a declaration , reflecting the decisions and mood of the conference floor .
The final declaration ( see below ) included the proposal of an international day of action in 2009 against natural resource theft , sending delegations to the occupied territories as ``witnesses to the occupation ’’ and to advocate for UGTSARIO ’s inclusion in international trade union bodies .
There was some initial resistance by the Spanish UGT representative to the inclusion of support for an international day of action on resource theft in the declaration , which was eventually resolved .
The declaration was unanimously endorsed by both the international conference and the UGTSARIO congress .
The Australian delegation won respect from the international guests and Saharawi trade unionists alike for our work and political interventions we brought to the conference .
The Saharawis know that more political solidarity is crucial in order to move closer to finding a just solution to their desperate situation .
And this can only be done through pressure being put on complicit governments ( such as Spain , France and Australia ) by the international solidarity and workers ’ movement .
The UGTSARIO general secretary came to visit us after the congress to thank us for our participation .
Our delegation was also interviewed for the Algerian media and a Saharawi radio show .
The conference also presented us with the opportunity to meet other trade unionists and strengthen important networks .
Interestingly , many of the international unionists present at the congress had heard about Australia ’s horrendous WorkChoices laws and the undemocratic , Gestapo - like Australian Building and Construction Commission ( ABCC ) !
Interviews , media workshop and Aussie rules football workshop
After spending four days at El Aaiun camp the Australian delegation moved to the ``27 February camp ’’ to continue its solidarity work .
UPES , the Saharawi Writers and Journalists Union , general secretary Malainin Lakhal , who had visited Australia in 2007 , helped us organise important meetings with members of the community , SADR government officials and other international solidarity organisations .
Media workshop with members of youth branch of 27 February refugee camp
Delegation member Margarita Windisch ( MEAA member , Socialist Alliance and Democratic Socialist Perspective activist , and Green Left Weekly journalist ) held a media workshop for members of a youth group from the camp .
The workshop was designed to give basic skills on how to write for a Western newspaper and help promote the Saharawi cause internationally .
The workshop was very interactive and finished with each participant writing a news article of 300 words .
Hopefully we will see articles coming form Western Saharan writers more regularly .
Delegation member Garry Holliday gave an Aussie Rules football workshop ( believe it or not ! ) to about 100 schoolkids .
Most of the Saharawi youth are very skilled in soccer , so picking up the basics of Aussie Rules was a relatively easy task for these natural talents .
While we did n’t have enough time to cohere a Saharawi team together to challenge our very own footy greats at the next grand final , we certainly left a good impression and showed that solidarity can come in many ways .
Bringing back footage of the workshop will hopefully help raise the plight of the Saharawi people in Australia .
We are aiming to get another mention on a football website that already advertised the workshop in October and are working to get a spot on Australian TV ’s sports shows .
( See http://www.worldfootynews.com/article.php/20081013231446908)
Conclusion
Even though the Saharawi struggle seems obscure in Australia , it has very close similarities with the East Timorese and the Palestinian peoples ’ struggles for national self - determination .
Furthermore , Australian companies ( Incitec Pivot -- see http://news.theage.com.au/business/shareholders-approve-incitec-201-split-20080905-4aig.html -- and Wesfarmers -- see http://www.wsrw.org/index.php?parse_news=single&cat=105&art=936) are benefiting from the occupation of Western Sahara and the repression of its people by the Moroccan regime .
The visit to the camps was a unique and very humbling experience .
It certainly showed what humanity is capable of -- from the most brutal aggression by an elite few ( the Moroccan government and its allies ) for economic gain , to the heroic resistance of a small nation in the most adverse circumstances .
The Saharawi people show in practice that collectivity , organisation and respect can make the critical difference between the survival of a unique people and culture or its disappearance .
Thirty - three years of occupation , repression and life as refugees has neither dinted their integrity nor dashed their hopes for justice .
At the same time the Saharawi people also pleaded with us to continue and strengthen our solidarity work because they are painfully aware that without international solidarity and pressure their struggle may be lost .
Recommendations :
1 ) That Australian trade unions endorse the declaration of the 4th International Trade Union Solidarity Conference with Saharawi Workers and actively pursue the key points and participate in proposed actions .
2 ) Send further trade union delegations to Western Sahara ( to the occupied zones and the refugee camps ) and strengthen their relationship with UGTSARIO .
3 ) Promote the Western Saharan struggle among its members and in its publications .
4 ) Join and / or affiliate to the Australian Western Sahara Association ( AWSA : www.awsa.org )
Photos of the trip are available at http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=67307&l=7aacc&id=675522663
Declaration of the 4th International Trade Union Conference in Solidarity with the Western Saharan Workers , October 20 , 2008 , El Aaiun refugee camp
The trade unions that participated in the 4th International Trade Union Conference in Solidarity with the Western Saharan Workers on October 20 , 2008 , in El Aaiun ( which was part of the 6th congress of UGTSARIO ) declare their concerns again about the situation of Western Sahara :
The lack of results from the direct negotiations between Morocco and the Frente Polisario under the auspices of the UN ; after four meetings the Moroccan government ’s refusal to find a solution in accordance with UN resolutions has been re-confirmed .
In this regard , we reiterate our support for the UN resolutions that demand the withdrawal of Morocco from Western Sahara , the ability to exercise the right to self - determination and the holding of a referendum in which the Saharawi people can determine their future .
In this year that celebrates the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the Moroccan government continues to violate the basic human rights of Saharawis in the occupied territories with impunity .
The arrests , tortures , trials and arbitrary detentions , the disappearances , the intimidations are normal practices that the Saharawi population has to endure .
In order to hide its repressive actions and deny international condemnation thereof , the Moroccan government denies international observers the right to enter Western Sahara
The deterioration of basic living standards , working conditions , education , sanitation and right to work is constant .
To be Saharawi becomes an obstacle to access employment , which converts itself into discriminatory practice in contravention of the International Labour Organisation and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
We reaffirm our position , which is outlined in previous trade union conferences , and demand from countries , the European and African Unions not to engage in agreements that affect the sovereignty of Western Sahara and the exploitation of its natural resources .
We reject the recent preferential trading status between Morocco and the EU .
We also reject the exploitation of Saharawi natural resources , in accordance with the international law enshrined in the UN resolution 1514 .
This resolution prohibits occupying or colonial powers to engage in commercial activities in occupied territories during the process of decolonisation .
The UN resolution 1514 is violated by the presence of Australian , Norwegian , South African and Spanish multinational companies , amongst others , in the occupied territories , who have signed agreements with , and have been given concessions by , the Moroccan government and companies to exploit the natural resources .
The trade unions present at the conference affirm that within the current international trade union movement they have to contribute to the presence of the UGTSARIO within international trade unions confederations .
The observer status of the UGTSARIO , at the founding congress of the International Trade Union Confederation and in the EU - African trade union summit that took place in Lisbon , helped bring UGTSARIO further into the international trade union movement .
We consider that the participation of the UGTSARIO in future trade union meetings is necessary for its future affiliation to international trade union bodies .
It is also necessary to include the UGTSARIO in the trade unions ’ policies of cooperation as a partner and develop projects that include trade union and professional training in important sectors such as health , education , construction and industries related to the environment , in the refugee camps and liberated territories .
At the same time we call on the international trade unions to continue to provide food aid to the Saharawi refugees .
With regards to human , labour and trade union rights we demand of the Moroccan government to comply with ILO conventions and end its discriminatory policies towards the Saharawi people in the occupied territories .
We also demand the freeing of political prisoners and that Morocco takes responsibility for the Saharawi “ disappeared ” .
We agree to inform the ILO about Morocco ’s violation of Saharawi labour and trade union rights .
We agree to pressure our respective governments , the EU and the African Union , as well as multinational companies and other institutions to denounce :
a ) the human rights violations of Saharawis by Morocco
b ) the illegality of the agreements between Morocco , government administrations and any companies that allow the exploitation of Saharawi natural resources .
We demand from the EU to be [ consistent ] in the defence of human rights and democracy in its commercial agreements with countries outside the EU .
To reinforce actions of solidarity and protest , we agree to work towards an International Day of Action in 2009 that focuses on the grave situation of the Saharawi people and the exploitation of their natural resources .
We oppose Morocco ’s denial of access to the occupied territories by international observers to witness the reality on the ground .
We believe that not solving the Western Saharan conflict puts the development of a Euro - Mediterranean dialogue -- in which important countries are either actively or passively involved -- at risk .
It is impossible to construct peace , stability and development in the Mediterranean region without taking into account the rights of the Saharawi people , the occupation of its territories and the violation of human rights , which are fundamental to any democratic society .
Finally , we congratulate the members and delegates of the UGTSARIO , for the outcomes of their 6th congress .
This declaration was signed by representatives or members of the following unions and organisations :
OUSA – African Union ; UGTA – Algeria ; UGT , CC.OO , USO – Spain ; CIG – Galicia ; ELÄ – the Basque country ; CGTP – Portugal ; COSATU – South Africa ; NLC – Nigeria ; Confederación Obreros de Campesinos – Mexico ; ACTU – Australia ; AWU , Victorian Branch – Australia ; AWSA – Australia ; MEAA – Australia ; Socialist Alliance – Australia ; FSM – Greece ; CGIL – Italy ; Western Sahara Resource Watch International – Norway .
By Tom Barrett
Published October 10 , 2008 06:15 pm |
The media appear to be paying even less attention than usual to issues in this election campaign , Simon Fraser University communications researcher Kathleen Cross said .
Cross is studying media coverage of the federal election campaign .
Her preliminary research suggests that the national media are more interested in polls and campaign strategy than they were during past campaigns , she told The Tyee .
“ Media tends to spend a lot of time on the horse race , ” she said .
Depending on the campaign and depending on which research you look at , anywhere from 60 to 75 per cent of campaign coverage is concerned with questions like “ how ’s the campaign going , what are the gaffes , what ’s going on with polling , what ’s the strategy , ” Cross said .
While the print media tend to be better than TV about discussing issues , even the newspapers that Cross ’s researchers have been examining have focused on “ sweaters , polls and gaffes , ” she said .
Most people get their political information from the news and few have the time or inclination to read the platforms on party websites .
This means that the media play an important role in the political process .
There is credible academic research that indicates an overemphasis on horse race politics has negative effects on voters , Cross said .
For one thing , it tends to make people more cynical about politics .
If politics is presented as being mostly about strategy , then people come to believe that it ’s merely a game , and therefore meaningless .
“ It ’s also one of the reasons some have suggested that the voter turnout is decreasing , especially in the young , ” Cross said .
Tom Barrett is a contributing editor at The Tyee .
The approval of Proposition 8 in California , a constitutional change designed to prohibit marriage between couples of the same sex , was not just a defeat for fairness .
It raised serious legal questions about the validity of using the Election Day initiative process to obliterate an existing right for a targeted minority .
These deeper questions were largely lost during the expensive campaign by proponents of Proposition 8 .
Essentially , in their rush to enshrine bigotry in the State Constitution , they circumvented the procedure specified in that same document for making such a serious change .
Now , the state ’s top court , which has agreed to hear the legal challenge to Proposition 8 , has the unpleasant duty of tossing out a voter - approved ballot measure .
The case turns on whether Proposition 8 is a constitutional amendment , requiring only approval by a bare majority of voters , or a more far - reaching constitutional revision , requiring a two - step process : either a constitutional convention or a two - thirds vote of the State Legislature followed by voter ratification .
The court , which has struck down several measures before , should not lightly overturn the will of the people .
But it has not confronted a revision this far - reaching in terms of upsetting basic rights and the state ’s constitutional structure .
The court has correctly determined that the equal protection clause prohibits governmental discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation , which extends the right of marriage to same - sex couples .
But the issue goes well beyond gay rights .
Allowing Proposition 8 to stand would greatly limit the court ’s ability to uphold the basic rights of all Californians and preclude the Legislature from performing its constitutional duty to weigh such monumental changes before they go to voters .
On Morning Joe , Peggy Noonan said , " I am not one of those ' you must vote ' people . "
This should come as no shock since Republicans always lose when we have a larger turnout , but her argument is that voters should be more educated .
She even raises the question of rather the vote of an 18 year old should count the same as a 70 year old business owner .
A simple question to Noonan .
What would become a good caliper for judging the level of knowledge before someone could vote ?
Would it consist of knowing the duties of the Vice - President ?
Prop 8 would stop healthy , committed couples from marrying , and it sucks .
Fortunately , everyone knows that it sucks -- its opponents include the Governor , various mayors , elected judges , school boards , Democrats and Republicans , city councils , Jews , Mormons , Anglicans , oh and also a majority of Californians .
So where are the yes - on - 8 people getting their money ?
From out - of - state interlopers .
A group called " Californians Against Hate " released a list of the major donors to the " Yes on Proposition 8 " organization .
Of the top ten donors , $ 4,478,381.43 came from non-Californians ; only $ 1,168,000 came from within the state .
Of all the nerve !
Imagine if we wandered over to their states and spent four million dollars to vote on THEIR marriages .
Check out Californians Against
Hate to see which of our neighbors are trying to take away marriage .
And have you heard about how one of Prop 8's big backers was accused of being a shady " charity " with its hands all tied up in tax evasion , spending most of its donations on its leaders ' own salaries ?
Why are we not surprised .
So what can you do ?
Vote , for fuck 's sake .
Give to the No On 8 campaigns .
And give lots .
It 's important .
Also , SFist_Matt 's Stop8.org project is still looking for photos of people holding " no on 8 " signs -- gay or straight , anywhere in the world .
Because as we 've learned , you do n't have to live in California to take an interest in California politics .
Have no doubt : Twitter is becoming serious business .
And we 're not just talking about enterprise Twitter apps like Yammer .
Splitweet is a new tool for " heavy and corporate " users of Twitter with some handy tools for businesses .
The 3 key features :
1. Single box for posting to multiple Twitter accounts 2 .
Track brand mentions on Twitter 3 .
See Tweets from all the Twitter users being followed by your accounts
However , I 'm led to question the unique value proposition here : multiple account tweeting was already possible with tools like Matt , and monitoring of a brand is easily done through Twitter Search .
What then , is the value add of Splitweet ?
In the eye of the storm
New York City workers condemn Wall Street bailout
Bureaucrats back Obama as workers hit bailout
By Sandy English
6 October 2008
The efforts of the Democrats and Republicans to rescue the financial oligarchy on Wall Street with hundreds of billions of dollars of public money have provoked a wave of revulsion and hostility from workers across the United States .
Some of the strongest reactions have been seen in New York City , the home of Wall Street .
This is the most unequal city in the country , where millions of working people live cheek - by - jowl with the handful of billionaires and multimillionaires who have been the principal beneficiaries of the fraud and parasitism that dominate the financial industry .
There are 64 billionaires in New York City , who together boast a combined net worth of $ 344 billion -- more than four times the amount held by billionaires a decade ago .
In the same city , 1.5 million people live below the federal poverty line , somehow eking out a living on $ 16,600 or less a year - - for a family of three .
Nearly 70 percent of New York City public school children are classified as poor .
Diabetes rates in the city have doubled in the last 10 years .
The manic accumulation of personal wealth on Wall Street has fed a housing bubble in New York that has driven the prices of apartments in Manhattan into the stratosphere .
A realtor advertises in the New York Times for a building on Fifth Ave. boasting " a choice of gracious living spaces , the finest finishes , sweeping views and unrivaled amenities . "
The price tag : " $ 10.5 million to over $ 47 million . "
Meanwhile , at least 34,000 people go to sleep each night in the city 's homeless shelters .
The ragged ranks of the city 's homeless families have risen 15 percent over the past two years .
Moreover , gentrification has displaced hundreds of thousands of working class residents from lower Manhattan , even pricing out many middle class people , who have moved to northern Brooklyn , where the higher rents they can afford are in turn forcing out poorer groups of working people from these same neighborhoods .
Fat salaries and bonuses paid on Wall Street have helped to sustain some of the finest and most expensive restaurants in the world .
Meanwhile , a recent survey indicates at least 1.3 million people -- one out of six city residents -- lack sufficient food and are forced to go hungry at least some time during the year .
Tens of thousands New Yorkers are employed in offices or perform service jobs of various kinds in the Wall Street area .
Some work in the financial industry itself while others cater to the substantial tourist trade in lower Manhattan .
Building construction and repair is continuous , bringing in many laborers and trades people during the day to the neighborhood .
It is estimated that the financial industry has shed some 120,000 jobs worldwide over the past year , with many of the layoffs taking place on Wall Street .
The trend has accelerated sharply with the collapse of institutions like Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers .
These layoffs have staggering implications for the city as a whole .
It has been estimated that every one job in the financial industry in New York supports three others in the service sector .
Moreover , every 1,000 jobs lost in the financial sector spells the loss of $ 50 million in tax revenues for the city , meaning deep and punishing budget cuts .
Democratic Governor David Paterson has already slashed the state budget , cutting millions from public education aid to the city .
Because of the shortfall in tax revenue from Wall Street financial institutions , millions of dollars more were eliminated from the city budget in June of this year .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg , whose $ 20 billion fortune alone could support much of the city 's infrastructure , has announced a further $ 1.5 billion in budget cuts over two years .
In 2009 , the education budget will be slashed by $ 185 million , and in 2010 by $ 395 million .
A letter from the city 's Office of Management and Budget noted the reliance of the city budget on the fortunes of Wall Street :
" The credit crunch which began over a year ago has worsened , and has led to increasingly serious losses on Wall Street ... the institutional and market changes in the finance sector are likely to reduce employment and taxable revenue from this sector well into the future .
This will hurt New York City because of our reliance on tax receipts from this sector of our local economy .
The generally worsening outlook for the national and international economies is also likely to affect our revenue .
...
The full extent of actions necessary for the city to maintain its legally mandated balanced budgets may not be clear for some time . "
Other forms of support for the working class and the poor in New York City are to be hit hard by the crisis on Wall Street .
The New York Times reported that charities and various public institutions are anticipating a steep shortfall in giving from Wall Street .
The Starr Foundation , which is historically associated with the AIG insurance conglomerate ( bailed out for $ 85 billion by the Federal Reserve Bark in mid-September ) and held millions of shares in its stock , gives approximately $ 100 million to charities in New York City .
As the Times observed , " Randolph Peers , executive director at Opportunities for a Better Tomorrow , which helps disadvantaged youths and adults learn skills to get jobs , got $ 75,000 a year from the Starr Foundation for five years but will not get money this year .
‘ We were told that the foundation was focusing on other priorities .
It hurts to lose $ 75,000 . ' "
Executives from Lehman Brothers , including its chairman and CEO , Richard S. Fuld Jr. , have been visible in the past in donating a tiny fraction of their immense proceeds -- Fuld made nearly $ 72 million last year -- to public institutions in New York .
The Times quoted Phyllis Fisher , a spokeswoman for the Hospital for Special Surgery , as saying that her institution " received money from both the Starr Foundation and the Lehman Brothers Foundation .
‘ We got a $ 1 million grant last year from Lehman Brothers when we honored Richard Fuld , ' she said .
‘ We got $ 400,000 so far .
We do n't know what will happen . ' "
Bureaucrats back Obama as workers hit bailout
On Monday , September 29 , just hours before the first version of the bailout bill was defeated in Congress and as stocks began a steep decline , a few hundred workers assembled at Wall and Broad Streets in the financial district for a rally against the bailout .
The demonstration was called by Transport Workers Union Local 100 , which represents bus and subway workers , and Local 1199 of the Service Employees International Union , the city 's hospital workers union .
Its small size made it apparent that neither union had sought to turn out its rank and file .
AFL - CIO National President John Sweeney , other union leaders and the Reverend Jessie Jackson delivered short , demagogic speeches designed to channel their members ' considerable anger over the bailout into support for Democratic Party presidential candidate Barack Obama .
Needless to say , none of them mentioned the fact that Obama was himself voting for the bailout and playing a prominent role in pressuring other congressional Democrats to do likewise .
Some of the bureaucrats barely tried to hide their support for relief for the bankers .
United Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten called for " a responsible rescue " of the super - rich financiers .
The World Socialist Web Site spoke to a number of workers at the rally .
Norm , a retired firefighter , said , " If you read the preamble to the Constitution , it says ‘ we the people , ' not ‘ we the corporations , ' not ‘ we the rich . '
When I looked over here and saw all these people [ indicating the well dressed people in the area ] , I knew that that 's what that really meant . "
He said that in the speeches given at the rally there was " not one word " about the class divide .
" These people robbed America .
You 're going to set them up again for the next generation .
" I 'm worried about my kids , my grandkids .
I see this happening again .
It 'll happen again so long as these types of people are doing what they 're doing and nobody 's stopping them .
" The first thing a government does is protect itself , not the people .
If things keep on going the way they are , pretty soon you 're going to have a rich class , and I mean filthy - rich like we 're seeing today , and an extremely poor class .
" I would like to see the common man say , ‘ Hey , I 'm fed up and I wo n't take any more .
I wo n't be robbed any more ; I wo n't have things taken away from my family and my children just so somebody else has a few extra bucks . '
We have to take away from the rich and give to the common man . "
Roy Whitelock , a New York City transit worker , told the WSWS : " The bailout is for those who control .
The one who has the gold makes the rules .
The bottom line is that everything is creeping higher and higher .
We 're up to our neck , and if you can't breathe , you lose .
Until this affects them , the rich , personally , they 're not going to worry about us .
The Democrats and Republicans have already been aware of what 's been going on way before this happened .
They 're not going to do anything until the public gets unraveled enough to point fingers at them . "
Several days earlier , on September 25 , a few hundred people turned out on Wall Street to demonstrate against the bailout , many of them carrying homemade signs denouncing the giveaway to the banks and asking why their student loans , mortgages , etc. , were n't being bailed out as well .
Michel , a French worker living in New York , spoke to the WSWS .
" We do n't have the money for the bailout , " he said .
" And nobody has given the slightest reason for why it would work . "
He added , " [ Treasury Secretary Henry ]
Paulson was one of the reasons for the crisis because he was the head of Goldman Sachs , which was one of the companies that had created all of these financial instruments .
So now he is in charge of the problem that he has created himself !
It 's absolutely unbelievable .
If we are to bail out banks , the people have to own them .
It 's common sense . "
Kevin Harkin , a documentary filmmaker living in New York , came to the demonstration and was filming the protest .
The " top 1 percent " was responsible for the crisis , he said .
" They wanted less government intervention , they wanted the free market , they wanted to let it run its course , and it 's run its course !
It 's a bad gambling debt . "
" I think it would be irrational to say that there 's a really simple answer , " he continued .
" Banking has been international for a long time , so if we have a crisis here , it will be like a big wave .
They move money from one country to another , exploit the country , flatten it . "
" Forgive the [ homeowners ' ] mortgages , " he demanded .
" That 's where the money should go . "
What did he think about uniting the working class internationally on a socialist program ?
" I think it has to be done , " he said .
" I think it 's the only way to stop these guys .
They do n't care , they bilk people out of their retirement , savings , and they pay nothing .
They 've gotten huge golden parachutes .
Anybody who 's in trouble at the top , seize all their assets , lock them down .
These guys ran up the debt ; they did it to us .
If I ran up a huge debt on a credit card , they 'd shut me down . "
Today I am delighted to publish a guest post on asbestos and human health , and their links to the environment .
The post is by James O’Shea , content editor of http://www.maacenter.org;
James K. Bashkin ( Site Publisher and Editor ; the guest post is the opinion of its author ) .
January 22 , 2009 : For more discussion of this topic , please see the comments here and the version of this article , with discussion , that was re-published by me on Gather.com : http://www.gather.com/viewArticle.jsp?articleId=281474977474977
January 1 , 2009 : Today I am somewhat less delighted to point out the comment made by Dennis of samadhisoft.com , who provided the link http://samadhisoft.com/2008/09/18/mesothelioma-asbestos-awareness-center/.
This blog , written by Dennis , documents some strange behaviors associated with the sponsors of the center that offered this guest report .
While I was fully aware that they were sponsored by a law firm , I was not aware of some apparently predatory practices that Dennis has uncovered .
I have removed the live links in this article except the one that I supplied to the literature citation , but you can still get to the site if you want to by typing the url of the center , http://www.maacenter.org, into your browser .
Meanwhile , I have added Samadhisoft.com to my blogroll .
Thanks , Dennis !
The processing of fossil fuels has a long trail of consequences , with some being more obvious than others .
There are essentially two tiers of negative ramifications to backwards energy policies .
The first of these are the direct environmental consequences of the burning of fossil , which has been well documented in recent years with the recent interest in the effects of global warming .
However , the second tier are the human health effects associated with the burning of fossil fuels .
( Revised Editor ’s note : this paragraph has been removed .
Some comments refer to the missing text ) .
Then there are the more indirect costs , and specifically those which are associated with the industry itself .
Working conditions in the fossil fuel industry are among the most hazardous of any occupation .
One of the hazards workers will encounter is asbestos , which has been classified by the Environmental Protection Agency and the Consumer Product Safety Commission as a known carcinogen .
And even though asbestos was banned by the CPSC in the late 1970 ’s , older asbestos fixtures still exist within nearly all facets of the fossil fuel infrastructure .
These older and sometimes damaged fixtures pose and even greater hazard to human health .
When microscopic asbestos fibers are inhaled , they lodge themselves in the lining of lungs .
This lays the groundwork for the deadly asbestos cancer , mesothelioma .
Perhaps it should come as no coincidence then that rates of pleural cancer ( mesothelioma ) in oil refinery workers are among the highest of any occupation .
What we begin to see then , is that there are effects of ozone depletion and fossil fuel use and processing , that are detrimental not only to the planet , but also to human health .
When the world opens its eyes to the crisis we ’re supporting , we ’ll not only have sustained the future for our children , but also saved lives .
References :
Environmental Protection Agency
Occupational Medicine 2007 ( an Oxford Journal ) , Mortality of UK Oil Refinery Workers and Petroleum Distribution Workers 1951 - 2003 , by Tom Sorahan , Institute of Occupational and Environmental Medicine , University of Birmingham .
A global recession may be looming , but Craig Mundie sees a silver lining in corporate retrenchment .
Microsoft Corp.'s chief research and strategy officer , who inherited part of Bill Gates ’ job in July when the founder retired from day - to - day responsibilities , predicts that companies will be more receptive in hard times to investing in technology .
As a result , he said , the sector may benefit from the downturn .
He also hopes the meltdown pushes smart young people into science labs rather than Wall Street offices .
Mundie is paid to look into the future and place bets in the form of long - range projects undertaken by Microsoft Research , a branch of the company that employs more than 1,000 scientists whose work may not appear on store shelves for a decade .
Advertisement
Mundie ’s optimism regarding at least some areas of technology stems from his belief that innovation can save money .
In flush times , he reasons , companies are more likely to tolerate inefficiencies .
When the economy stalls , they look for ways to do more with less .
And that benefits companies such as Microsoft , whose products are , not coincidentally , called productivity software .
It ’s not unbridled optimism ; the Redmond , Wash . , company said this month that it would temper its hiring .
But it still expects to grow .
To that end , Mundie did his best to impress prospective recruits during his annual cross-country barnstorming tour of U.S. universities .
It ended Friday at UC San Diego , where he sat down for an interview with The Times .
How has the recent economic turmoil affected the technology sector and Microsoft , specifically ?
We are approaching it with caution .
We see it as a pronounced global phenomenon right now .
We ’re still pretty optimistic about our business overall .
We ’ve chosen to moderate the growth rate of the company .
But at this point , we ’re still thinking about growth .
I do n’t see any significant adjustment of our college recruitment this year .
I think that ’s a good sign .
Advertisement
Our customers , large or small , they feel financial pressure .
That changes their perception of using technology to cut costs .
In a stable environment , this technology can be deferred .
The receptivity of companies to buying solutions that will cut their costs and let them retain staff and improve productivity is higher in a tight economy .
For some technology companies , it can be an opportunity .
How is Microsoft different now that Bill Gates is not there every day ?
The transition by design was so gradual , it ’s hard for me to see whether there ’s been any change .
What change has occurred so far has crept up on us .
Because Bill and I make these plans with such a long lead time , the research investment and start - up activities we undertake are five and 10 years ahead of what ’s visible in the marketplace .
A lot of the future directions of the company were actually decisions that were made in the last few years .
A lot of people do n’t understand the lag that takes place between when we start research on something and when it shows up at Best Buy .
How important will entertainment be to Microsoft ’s growth ?
Advertisement
Our core business started out on the business side .
As we introduced multimedia capability for the PC , it became a delivery platform for content providers .
Not only is their authoring all digital now , but increasingly their distribution is all digital .
And many of their new monetization opportunities are also digital .
Microsoft will be an important provider of the technology that will allow them to do that .
We continue to think that games will be big and important .
We announced a relationship with Netflix this year that lets people download movies and watch them on an Xbox 360 .
The entertainment and devices part of our business is still smaller relative to our other businesses .
But its growth rate is higher .
How do you see video games playing into our future ?
I personally , for a number of years , have been a big proponent of using games as a way to teach academic subjects .
They ’re teaching kids how to discover things .
When you give a kid a video game , they never go looking for the instructions .
Part of the interest is discovering things in those games .
Those are the attributes you want in kids when you want them to learn .
The other thing games provide is immediate gratification .
I discovered .
I learned .
I got something for it .
There ’s psychological reinforcement .
And in multiplayer games , you also learn through collaboration .
Advertisement
Do you see a problem with the quality of American computer science graduates ?
It is a serious problem , especially in the U.S.
For us , our raw materials are smart people .
Our culture for the last few decades does little to celebrate engineers and scientists and a lot to celebrate entertainers and athletes .
Parents in the U.S. also are just more decoupled from the academic interests of their kids .
They are less demanding of their kids academically and perhaps even encouraging their kids into whatever the parents see as the quickest way to make a lot of money .
Taken together , that is creating a somewhat acute shortage of American kids growing up with any passion for math and science .
There is a silver lining in this economic turmoil .
Perhaps fewer of our best students will now go to Wall Street .
Maybe some will even stay and build things .
We need smart people to tackle the hard , long - term problems society faces .
It ca n’t be done by politicians and entertainers .
It ’s going to be done by engineers and scientists .
Advertisement
--
alex.pham@latimes.com
Smalltalk on Eclipse 31 October , 2008
Having seemingly started to lose interest in Smalltalk when it sold off its VisualAge for Smalltalk business to Instantiations , it looks like IBM is now keen to develop its own Smalltalk IDE .
The IBM Smalltalk Tools Development Team is working to support Smalltalk in Eclipse .
They ’re working with a strong understanding of Eclipse and ENVY Smalltalk , and with support from the Instantiations team , and seem to be making great progress : the screenshot above shows a class browser perspective in Eclipse .
Although the product is still only available internally , the team are sharing their experiences in developing what they ’re calling “ WRATH ” , having presented updates at EclipseCon and Smalltalk Solutions , and talking to James Robertson on the Industry Misinterpretations podcast .
The “ shock ” of the financial meltdown has passed , now comes , the “ awe , ” and with it plenty of questions .
Primarily , “ What ’s next ? ”
Is there another bubble brewing ?
What happens if millions of Americans begin to default on their credit card debt ?
Overstock.com chairman and CEO Patrick Byrne , says we are less than 50 % of the way through the mess , he predicted the coming of this current crisis many times before , starting 3 years ago , Watch this montage to see Byrne ’s predictions beginning in 2005 :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/SIHw7C73s3E]
Dr. Patrick Byrne has learned at the knee of Warren Buffett , the greatest investor of all time .
As a child Byrne ’s parents would allow him skip school so he could spend time and get an education from the “ Oracle of Omaha . ”
Byrne founded Overstock in 1999 , and in 2007 the company generated nearly a billion dollars in revenue .
[ social_buttons ]
Today Byrne is suggesting one of the following scenarios could occur in the coming years :
Reagan Recession : A deep retraction reminiscent of the recession under Reagan in the early 80’s .
: A deep retraction reminiscent of the recession under Reagan in the early 80’s .
The Lost Decade : A protracted recession similar to the one suffered by Japan in the 90’s .
: A protracted recession similar to the one suffered by Japan in the 90’s .
Great Depression : A severe economic dip on par with the Great American Depression in the early 30’s .
: A severe economic dip on par with the Great American Depression in the early 30’s .
Mad Max :
Not likely , but still possible , a catastrophic breakdown of society with mass shortages of energy , food , and water .
Which way do you think the economy is going ?
What does this mean for sustainable economics ?
Geo Joergsson , LLC is a company that specializes in custom computing solutions for businesses .
We have over 15 years of expertise in all manner of computing related work .
Some of those areas are :
Data Center Management – including design , security , implementation and maintenance
Network Operations Center Management – including assessment , implementation , critical systems monitoring and crisis management
Hardware – including requirement assessment , installation and maintenance
Systems – including installation , administration and maintenance
Websites – including assessment , graphics design , code , e-commerce implementation
Education – including technical course design and delivery
If you are interested in engaging our services , please feel free to Contact Us .
100 % found this document useful ( 13 votes )
100 % ( 13 ) 100 % found this document useful ( 13 votes )
Corny Pick Up Lines
A massive compilation of corny pick up lines to use or just laugh at .
Save Save Corny Pick Up Lines For Later
100 % 100 % found this document useful , Mark this document as useful
0 % 0 % found this document not useful , Mark this document as not useful
Embed
Share
Concision
In the US Media Posted by Pile ( 9518 views ) [ E - Mail link ] [ News Media ]
[ Sociology ]
What is Concision ?
This is the notion that the American media has adopted that demands that details they provide in the mass media , and guests they invite to talk , must be able to make their points quickly and concisely .
What does this mean for you and the search for truth ?
Noam Chomsky has some wickedly brilliant insight ...
Noam Chomsky : " All right , now , let 's suppose that you play the mainstream game .
For example , the Yale University Press just came out with a volume called The Age of Terror .
The contributors are leading historians , many of them at Yale , the top people in the field .
You read the book The Age of Terror , the first thing you notice is there is n't a single footnote , there is n't a single reference .
There are just off - the - top - of - your - head statements .
Some of the statements are tenable , some are untenable , but there are no intellectual criteria imposed .
The reviews of the book are very favorable , laudatory , and maybe it 's right , maybe it 's wrong .
I happen to think a lot of it is wrong and demonstrably wrong .
But does n't really matter , you can say anything you want because you support power , and nobody expects you to justify anything .
For example , on the unimaginable circumstance that I was on , say , Nightline , and I was asked , say , " Do you think Kadhafi is a terrorist ? "
I could say , " Yeah , Kadhafi is a terrorist . "
I do n't need any evidence .
Suppose I said , " George Bush is a terrorist . "
Well , then I would be expected to provide evidence , " Why would you say that ? " "
Interviwer : " So that you are n't cut off right there . "
Noam Chomsky : " In fact , the structure of the news production system is , you can't produce evidence .
There 's even a name for it -- I learned it from the producer of Nightline , Jeff Greenfield .
It 's called " concision . "
He was asked in an interview somewhere why they did n't have me on Nightline , and his answer was -- two answers .
First of all , he says , " Well , he talks Turkish , and nobody understands it . "
But the other answer was , " He lacks concision . "
Which is correct , I agree with him .
The kinds of things that I would say on Nightline , you can't say in one sentence because they depart from standard religion .
If you want to repeat the religion , you can get away with it between two commercials .
If you want to say something that questions the religion , you 're expected to give evidence , and that you can't do between two commercials .
So therefore you lack concision , so therefore you can't talk .
I think that 's a terrific technique of propaganda .
To impose concision is a way of virtually guaranteeing that the party line gets repeated over and over again , and that nothing else is heard . "
The full movie can be viewed here :
Noam Chomsky - Manufacturing Consent
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
America will soon have a new president , but before George W Bush leaves office , let 's take a look back at some of our favourite moments from his presidency .
We 'll miss the facial expressions ...
Credit : REUTERS
Tags
The events taking place in the financial market offer an illustration of the soundness of the Austrian theory of money , banking , and credit cycles , and Mises.org , which has long warned of precisely the scenario playing itself out today , is your source not only for analysis of these events but also the economic theory that helps explain what is happening and what to do about it .
There are many thousands of articles available , and also the full text of thousands of books as well as journal articles .
It is impossible to draw attention to the full range of literature one can use to understand the crisis .
However , below we offer a brief look into the topics most discussed in these times , with extended treatments of each in the sidebar .
Mises.org also offers both a blog and a community forum for reading and discussing them all .
It 's never been more important to spread a sound view of money and banking , not only as a protection against the fallacies of " stabilization " and " reflation " but also as way to see what kind of reforms are essential now .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
The Housing Bubble
Inflationary Finance
Community Reinvestment Act
The CRA Scam and its Defenders , by Thomas DiLorenzo , April 30 , 2008
Regulatory Sneak Attack , by Thomas DiLorenzo , September 16 , 1999
Short Selling
The Austrian Theory of the Business Cycle
Who Predicted This ?
What To Do
Books to Distribute
Michelle Obama's
CHICAGO - NOVEMBER 04 : Michelle Obama waves to the crowd as U.S. President elect Barack Obama walks on stage to give his victory speech at an election night gathering in Grant Park on November 4 , 2008 in Chicago , Illinois .
Obama defeated Republican nominee Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) by a wide margin in the election to become the first African - American U.S. President elect .
( Photo by Joe Raedle / Getty Images ) less CHICAGO - NOVEMBER 04 : Michelle Obama waves to the crowd as U.S. President elect Barack Obama walks on stage to give his victory speech at an election night gathering in Grant Park on November 4 , 2008 in ... more Photo : Joe Raedle , Getty Images Photo : Joe Raedle , Getty Images Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Michelle Obama's 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
A fresh take on fashion is coming back to the White House .
Eight years of first lady Laura Bush 's just - so suits did not inspire .
Former first lady Hillary Clinton 's changing styles were more entertaining than influential .
Not since Jackie Kennedy Onassis has a first lady been this interesting to watch .
Two Mrs. O's , both with a heightened sense of style - it seems almost surreal .
First lady - to - be Michelle Obama strides onto the fashion stage with her 6 - foot - 1 - inch frame , bringing a spirited style ( lots of bright hues , prints , chunky jewelry ) and hipness to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
As if that were n't enough , fashion lovers also have Carla Sarkozy , France 's new first lady , to look up to .
Almost as tall ( at 5 - foot - 10 ) , the Dior - clad Sarkozy epitomizes French chic in impeccably tailored coats and dresses , a perfect contrast to Obama 's all - American casual chic style .
Obama , who is said to make her own fashion choices without the help of a stylist , mixes it up , true to her Democratic ideals , which also happen to embrace the way most women dress today .
She wears Gap as well as up - and - coming designers like Thakoon , and Chicago 's Maria Pinto , and designers like Narciso Rodriguez , whose red and black frock from the spring 2009 collection she wore on election night , a choice that was roundly criticized as too unconventional .
But 10 - year - old Malia 's red taffeta bubble - hem $ 110 Biscotti dress was not only a winner - it was designed in Oakland .
Biscotti co-designer Kerin
Lou did n't recognize the dress at first because Malia wore a different belt and a cardigan that hid the velvet straps - " it was n't until the day after that we realized it was our dress . "
The company plans to put the style back into production for the holidays .
Meanwhile , you may still be able to find it at Nordstrom .
Michelle Obama is relatively new to the spotlight and not as spot -on as Jackie O. ( virtually impossible ) , but she is likely to strike a balance between comfort and convention , favoring dresses over pants and body - conscious clothes over conservative looks .
She won raves from American women when she appeared on " The View " in a $ 148 black - and - white floral Donna Ricco dress ( from a mall store called White House / Black Market ) and she wore a J.
Crew ensemble that cost less than $ 400 for an appearance on " The Tonight Show . "
Obama says she 's uncomfortable with the focus on her wardrobe , sort of .
" It 's hard , " she recently told ABC News .
" I 'm kind of a tomboy jock at heart , but I like to look nice . "
She faces a challenge as a fashion role model .
This is a time of more thoughtful spending , unlike the ' 80s when Nancy Reagan - who wrapped her small frame in elegant suits and spectacular evening gowns by established greats such as James Galanos , Oscar de la Renta and Yves Saint Laurent - brought patrician glamour to the White House .
There 's been a big fashion disconnect the last decade or so in the White House :
The solid - color suits favored by Laura Bush are polished and professional and go no further .
As she stayed in the shadow of her husband , her wardrobe choices echoed that idea , making it easy for her to blend nicely into the background .
Hillary Clinton , on the other hand , tried too hard to make a fashion statement about her role in Washington , but without a keen eye or innate sense of style , she fell short .
When she finally sorted it out , she settled on the perfect look for her , the all - business pantsuit : safe , solid and serious .
But President - elect Barack Obama 's huge victory last week signifies not only a seismic shift in the political spectrum , but in the way fashion will take on a role in the White House .
He may be earnest about everything , but the message that his wife has sent out these past two years is of someone who has fun with clothes .
She 's a confident woman , comfortable in her body , who wears dresses that show off a bit of shoulder or back , someone who likes bare legs , flats , is n't afraid of prints and patterns , and plays around with accessories .
" I have a feeling that there wo n't be any flash or ostentation in her choices over the years , " said Jean Oppermann , assistant chair of the fashion design program at the California College of the Arts .
" She loves color and she has great style , a classic , unfussy look ; she wears the Jackie O. ' 60s - style sheath very well .
And she has an awareness that she 's coming to the White House in a time of great financial crisis .
I think she will dress fashionably but with an eye to practicality in terms of cost . "
In fact , the whole Obama family makes a well - thought - out fashion statement when the parents and daughters Malia and Sasha , 7 , dress in complementary colors , as they have for most important appearances , such as the nights Barack Obama accepted the nomination for president , and on election night .
The new first lady - elect is already most of the way to finding the right balance between safe and savvy ; and fortunately for fashion lovers , she says no to boxy jackets , buttoned - up blouses and overdone hair and makeup .
Whether she gets a yellow sweater from J. Crew or from the runway , she has for the most part , says Oppermann , made it work .
" Let 's face it , I think she could throw on a potato sack and belt it and still have style . "
N.J. Mandatory Flu Shots for Preschoolers Cause Outrage New Jersey mandates flu shots for preschoolers , stirring outcry from parents .
Oct. 17 , 2008  -- New Jersey 's Public Health Council stopped complaining last year about parents who do n't vaccinate their children and took action .
Now , New Jersey is the first state in the nation to require a flu shot for all children before they enroll in preschools and daycare centers .
The compulsory vaccination for preschoolers is intended to promote public health , a move based on a recommendation from the national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which identified children under age 5 as a group particularly in need of vaccinations .
But the mandate has infuriated many parents , hundreds of whom gathered in protest Thursday outside the statehouse in Trenton .
Parents have formed advocacy groups and enlisted support online for fellow residents to sign their petition against the law .
They 've banned together to demand what they see as their right to choose what is injected in the bodies of their children .
Watch " World News with Charles Gibson " tonight at 6:30 p.m. ET for the full report .
" I have a really big problem with mandatory flu shots in this country , " said Louis Kuo-Habukus , a mother of three from New Jersey .
" We need to have a choice . "
Parents flooded the statehouse , carrying signs with slogans like " Parent Power " and " My Child , My Choice , " and chanting " No American should be forced to play vaccine roulette with their child . "
They rallied for support of a " conscientious objectors " clause , which they want added to the bill .
It would grant exemptions for children and parents who have a moral objection to the vaccination .
Existing state law provides for medical and religious exemptions to mandatory vaccinations , but parents say that requests are not frequently granted by authorities .
They also point to legislation that offers a similar conscientious belief exemption from vaccines in 19 other states .
But New Jersey officials oppose any laws allowing parents to opt out of the vaccine .
" If we allow parents to pick and choose what vaccines to give kids , we will potentially run the risk of weakening the public health of the entire community , " said Dr. Tina Tan of the New Jersey State Department of Health .
By not getting your toddler vaccinated , the state argues , you risk the spread of disease .
" Vaccines not only protect the child being vaccinated but also the general community and the most vulnerable individuals within the community , " the New Jersey Health Department said in a statement .
The state cited evidence from medical studies , which found that those who opted out from measles and pertussis vaccines were 22 times more likely to get the measles and six times as likely to get pertussis .
The flu kills about 86 children , from infants to teens , each year , according to the CDC .
The state is backed by the CDC , which insists that the flu vaccine is safe .
Still , some parents believe that vaccines are overused and not sufficiently proven to be effective or safe .
Suspicions linger that compounds within vaccines are responsible for autism and other disorders when given to children early in life .
Children 6 - months to 5 - years - old enrolled in a daycare or preschool have until Dec. 31 , 2008 , to receive both the flu and pneumococcal vaccine .
New Jersey requires the most childhood shots for day - care and school admission among all states in the nation .
What happens to a USC Song Girl after she ages 30 or so years , marries a recording exec , tans in the South of France , pops out a couple blond hair brats and divorces the exec only to cash in on the pre-nup ?
She goes back to a USC Homecoming to relive the glory days of shaking it for O.J. , Charles White and Marcus Allen .
BC had been promoting the 40th Song Girl Anniversary for weeks and did n’t realize the cougars would be unleashed in the customary sweaters and sneakers .
Oh , yeah , we were shocked .
In a good way .
This kind of action usually goes on a credit card and costs $ 24.99 a month .
Thanks to Po He at PeteCarroll.com for making our weekend with these photos .
O.J. sits in a jail cell while the ladies he used to chase shake it for Pete and Dirty Sanchez .
Sorry , Juice .
We hope busting into that hotel room was worth it .
12847423802543462
Dear Misandrist
Monday , April 10 , 2006
gutter - slime-dog-crap- puke- chunk
Posted by The Misandrist :: 8:36 PM :: |
---------------oOo---------------
Wednesday , February 15 , 2006 The Philogynist
Shame , shame , shame on my misandristic self .
Some wonderful philogynist took the time out of his day to try and make the world a better place by sending me the following e-mail :
Dear Misandrist ,
I have just learned of the term misandry , through researching the
man -hating equivalent of misogyny .
I used to consider myself a
feminist , and probably even a misandrist , to some degree , not anymore .
I am a 25 year old man .
I realize that men have driven you , and
other women who share your views , to misandry , but you can't fight
fire with fire .
This will only make the fire bigger .
And it has ,
gender hate has become an epidemic .
The only way to combat hatred , is
with love .
Not all men are the hateful , angry , bigoted , sex -crazed ,
inept , proto - humans you think they are .
Some of us are making serious
attempts to be better men , but I have noticed that the culture climate
between the sexes lately has become so hostile , that I have found
myself thinking misogynistic thoughts .
This is not who I want to be ,
but now the roles have reversed , and I am the one being pushed .
I
refuse to fight back with hate though , I fight those thoughts , and I
replace them with philogynistic thoughts .
I suggest , if you would
like to make the world a better place , that you do the same , and stop
spreading discriminatory propaganda .
Everyone has the power to change
the world , but you must first start by changing yourself .
Love ,
The Philogynist
Amen & Godbless
( He should try a penis , he might like it . )
Posted by The Misandrist :: 6:15 PM :: |
---------------oOo---------------
Sunday , January 08 , 2006 Never Fear , The Misandrist Is Here
Has a man ever broken your heart or ruined your life ?
Have you ever witnessed a man humiliate himself in such a manner as to make it questionable whether or not men are sentient beings ?
Do you question whether or not men ( sons , brothers , fathers , uncles , boyfriends , husbands , grandfathers , dates , strangers on the street ) are capable of feeling anything other than mirth , anger or jealousy ?
If you ’re female and you ’re alive , chances are the answer is “ yes . ”
The Misandrist would like you to send your stories to her .
Send her your worst .
Each day she ’ll post a new story submitted by a different woman .
Include the story itself , how it affected you , and how you may have dealt with it or recovered from it or gotten revenge .
You may also include a signature such as your real name , ‘ anonymous , ” your blog name , or any other way you wish to be identified .
Also , send her questions on how to deal with cheating partners , liars , predators , etc .
She can advise you on whether or not he ’s playing games with you , whether or not it ’s time to suffocate him in his sleep , or divorce him and take him to the cleaners .
E-mail your submissions and inquiries to The Misandrist at themisandrist@gmail.com .
Posted by The Misandrist :: 3:16 PM :: |
---------------oOo---------------
Saturday , January 07 , 2006 MR .
GREAT WHITE NORTH
I would like to preface this tale by saying how ashamed I am that it
even happened at all .
But when one is lonely and horny .. well , the
asshats can sneak in under the radar .
It was the fall of 2003 .
I had been blogging for a few months and had
met some interesting characters .
One in particular , whom I will call Mr.
GWN , was one of them .
I had seen his comments on other blogs and had
eventually wandered over to his blog and left some comments of my own .
He had posted some photos from a trip to Massachusetts ( family thing )
and he was in a couple of shots .
Not bad - looking , if a little chubby .
We posted coy comments back and forth and finally , on the day my divorce
became final in early September , he e-mailed me .
( In retrospect , I
think he planned the whole thing , but maybe that 's just me being bitter )
We e-mailed quite a lot , then moved on to IM .
Our first IM lasted six
hours .
Subsequent IMs lasted almost as long and got more and more
sexually provocative .
I would n't cyber with him , although the attraction ,
which Mr. GWN assured me was quite mutual , was very powerful .
On the
night I finally gave in and cybered with him ( and it was GREAT ! ) he told
me he had to get off the computer because he was going away for the
weekend .
Now , I knew he was dating someone , he was actually very honest
about this ( he said they were dating but not exclusive , which was fine
with me , especially since we were not living in the same place ) but this
bugged me , since we had just cybered and he had n't brought it up
earlier .
I said whatever and he left .
It should have been a serious red
flag .
Anyway , we carried on a cyber affair until late November , then all of a
sudden , no communication .
He basically dropped off the earth .
I
finally e-mailed him and he apologized for the " distance " and that " it had
nothing to do with me " .
Uh huh , ok .
The rest of the month passes with
no further word .
In January , he explained that things with his
not - serious SO had " taken a sudden swing upward " and now she wanted to be
serious , so we had to " ratchet things down a bit " .
I got rather pissed , as
he should have told me this a month earlier instead of leaving me
hanging .
I told him I did n't appreciate being used and that he could just
fuck off .
Unfortunately , despite his assholitry , I was still deeply , hopelessly
attracted to him .
We made up in March 2004 and decided to be " friends " .
That lasted about a month and we parted ways again .
I wish I could say that was the end , but ..
In October 2004 , I noticed that my blog had been linked from his .
I
went over to his site to see what was up , and saw that he written some
longwinded post about something - or - other , and in the middle of it , he had
thanked me for a gift ( it was a CD , nothing big ) I had sent him 10
months earlier .
Intrigued , I e-mailed him and asked him why he had done
that , as he had thanked me for it privately at the time .
He said it was
" long overdue " and it seemed like he wanted to really try to be
friends .
So we tried the friends thing again for a short while .
It seemed ok ,
and I even tried to help him with a blog issue one night .
I was really
busy , but I did it anyway .
He eventually got the problem resolved and
sent me an e-mail the next day to " keep me updated " .
He did n't even
bother thanking me for my time and my attempt to assist .
I wrote to him
and told him I was a bit hurt about that , and then he linked to me in his
post ( about why his blog was offline for a while ) , but the way it was
worded , it was like an afterthought .
I was thinking , " what a rude ,
stupid sonofabitch " .
He was working a lot and kept disappearing for long stretches of time .
One time , he sent me a very snotty e-mail that explained he had " bills
that needed to be paid " which required him to work and that in turn
kept him from " chatting with everyone that he would like to " in a given
week .
That really peeved me , especially since I saw on his Yahoo profile
he was often on IM until the wee hours of the morning , but appeared
offline on my friend list .
The fucker was stealthing me , you see .
When I
called him on it , he told me to " not take it so personally " .
I told
him to eat shit and die , then went to my community blog and wrote a nasty
post about him , with his name and everything .
The last sentence was
" grab that shit , Google " .
I eventually apologized for making those comments public ( it was a lame
thing to do , and I deleted them ) but I did remind him of the
not - so - cool things he had done to me and I asked him where my apology was .
He
wrote back telling me that I " could say what I wanted about him " but " at
least he had NEVER posted anything about me on his blog " and that
" whenever he was pissed at me , he kept it to himself " ( which I found out
later was nowhere near the truth ) .
He said he accepted my apology , but if
I could " act as if he does n't exist , that would really work for him " .
That was mid-December 2004 .
We have n't spoken since .
Fast - forward to February 2005 .. remember how he said he accepted my
apology for my public comments ?
Heh !
Two months later , he e-mailed Psycho
Slag Troll Bitch ( another saga in itself ) and told her how much he was
enjoying her " public eviscerations " of me , and the only reason he
was n't participating was because he " did n't want that wolverine on his tail
again " .
Oh yes , and he made a point of how much trouble that " creature "
had put him through and he could n't even begin to imagine what I had
done to others .
You earned it , asshat !
Consider my apology officially retracted .
Jerkoff .
Submitted by Anonymous
Posted by The Misandrist :: 6:57 AM :: |
---------------oOo---------------
Sunday , December 18 , 2005 Texas Bastard
I met CellphoneTech via a dating site in 2004 .
He took my breath away almost instantly .
He was n't horribly tall but he was taller than me .
I think he was about 5 '10 with dark hair , green eyes , goatee and forearms to die for .
One of the biggest problems is that he lived in Texas and I live in Florida .
He had talked of moving to Florida so it was n't going to be an issue .
If it would have came down to it , I would have moved to where he was .
I had wondered how serious he was because he had two children from a previous marriage and I had a hard time imagining him leaving his two small children to move to Florida , as they were his world .
As it was he did n't get to see his children much because he was traveling all the time and this weekend he was going to spend it with me and not his children .
We talked every day for several months .
We never ran out of things to say .
We exchanged numerous pictures ( all recent ) , we got on the cam together so we could see each other .
We would talk on the phone at the same time that we were on cam just so we could feel like we were with each other .
We talked of the future .
We talked of our pasts and the things that we were afraid of .
He was perfect or so I thought .
I had to travel to Texas for work but the schedule was left pretty much up to me so after talking with CellPhoneTech , we decided that I would stay an extra couple of days to spend New Year 's weekend with him .
I had a hotel already and he could drive up and spend the weekend with me .
The time comes and he gets to the hotel early on the night before New Year 's Eve .
I am a nervous wreck but I go outside to bring him in and he was a bit thinner than I expected but it did n't matter , he was still perfect and still very very sexy .
We went up to my room and it was if we had known each other for years .
The conversation came easily .
We made love and talked some more .
It was perfect .
During the time we were together he was asking for reassurance from me that everything was ok .
Everything was wonderful and I told him so .
We decided to go out and shoot a few games of pool that evening and then the wagers started .
The wagers ( made by him ) were the loser had to feed the other breakfast in the morning , the loser had to run a bath for the other and bathe them and the loser had to give the other a full body massage .
I was game !
I lost all the games !
Darn , but I did n't really see a loser in any of the wagers .
After that , we went back to the hotel and he pretty much passed out .
He had worked all day and then drove 4 hours to see me so I was n't upset .
Friday morning I had to go into the office for about 30 minutes so I showered and got ready and he kissed me , then kissed me again and said I better go or else he is going to drag me back in bed .
I told him I would be back shortly .
I was back within 45 minutes and had a strange feeling coming back to the hotel ... I had a knot in my stomach .
I get back and I did n't see his truck .
Please , just let him be out getting coffee .
I get up to the room and all of his stuff is gone .
Everything .
I go over to the desk where my laptop was and there was a note .
The note said that he understood if I hated him and that he deserved it .
He felt guilty about not spending time with his kids while he had the chance and it was eating him up so he went back home to spend the time with his kids .
It was signed , Love XXXXX .
I tried calling him , no answer .
I left a few messages .
Several hours later he called me back and I told him that I understood but he could have at least stuck around for me to say goodbye .
He told me he was afraid of confrontation .
I told him there would n't have been one and he should have known me well enough to know that .
He also told me that if he would have stuck around and saw my tears that he would n't be able to handle it .
He said he cried all the way home .
I spent New Year 's
Eve alone last year in a hotel in a strange town where I was supposed to be spending it with the man I was crazy about .
I believe the kids were an excuse and I scared him .... maybe not I , but the thought of me scared him .
After that visit , the calls slowly dwindled down to nothing to the point of him not returning my calls and then he would call me out of the blue on occassion to just talk .
He broke my heart .
Submitted by Sky
Posted by The Misandrist :: 6:44 PM :: |
---------------oOo---------------
Saturday , December 10 , 2005 Real Life Horror Stories
Come back to read real life relationship horror stories .
Posted by The Misandrist :: 1:41 PM :: |
---------------oOo---------------
Dear Misandrist , I am ashamed to say that I permitted a really bad man to break my ( foolish ) heart not long ago .
Here 's a long story short : I left my husband and met a man online .
Let 's call this new man ... Doug .
We dated for several months and had lots of sex .
( Yeah , that was basically the relationship , hanging out and having sex , but hey ... we both work and have kids .
Life under these circumstances does n't always allow for tons of excitement . )
Anyway , as I said , we each had a kid ( or kids ) from our prior relationships .
We mostly kept them separate from our dating .
I was crazy for the guy .
He was less crazy about me .
After six or so months , I began to get " that feeling " that he was distancing himself .
Turns out he placed an ad on Craigslist and I came across it .
( What can I say ... I had a feeling and searched the damn site !
Turned out my feeling , my instincts , were right ! )
I posted his Craigslist ad on my blog and publicly blasted him as the bastard he was ( and still is ) .
About a month after I dumped his sorry ass , I discovered that I was pregnant .
A week later , he emails me , because he is too much of a coward to tell me in peson that he just tested positive for chlymidia .
Nice .
Well as it turns out , I tested negative for the goddamned STD and began miscarrying .
All 's well that ends well ... I guess .
Anyhoo ... I 've put tons of distance between me and Doug ( whom I also lovingly refer to as " gutter - slime - dog- crap - puke - chunk " ) and have met the most amazing man !
Just goes to show you ... every cloud has a silver lining !
( Or something like that ! )
Signed , A. Meredith
Hundreds of Christians in the Indian state of Orissa have been forced to renounce their religion and become Hindus after lynch mobs issued them with a stark ultimatum : convert or die .
The wave of forced conversions marks a dramatic escalation in a two - month orgy of sectarian violence which has left at least 59 people dead , 50,000 homeless and thousands of houses and churches burnt to the ground .
As neighbour has turned on neighbour , thousands more Christians have sought sanctuary in refugee camps , unable to return to the wreckage of their homes unless they , too , agree to abandon their faith .
Last week , in the worst - affected Kandhamal district , The Observer encountered compelling evidence of the scale of the violence employed in a conversion programme apparently sanctioned by members of one of the most powerful Hindu groups in India , the 6.8 - million member Vishwa Hindu Parishad ( VHP ) - the World Hindu Council .
Standing in the ashes of her neighbour 's house in the village of Sarangagada , Jaspina Naik , 32 , spoke nervously , glancing towards a group of Hindu men watching her suspiciously .
' My neighbours said , " If you go on being Christians , we will burn your houses and your children in front of you , so make up your minds quickly " , ' she said .
' I was scared .
Christians have no place in this area now . '
On her forehead , she wore a gash of vermilion denoting a married Hindu woman , placed there by the priest at the conversion ceremony she had been obliged to attend a day earlier , along with her husband and three young children .
Read more
No comments will be posted without a full name and location , see the policy .
One of the more widely read newspapers in the UK is the Metro .
Widely read because it is free and given out to commuters on their ways to work .
Anyway , in the letters page of the Metro Monday , April 23rd H. Goodeve questions Americans ' disbelief that their high rate of gun crimes is due to their more liberal gun laws .
He claims that there are 30,000 gun related deaths in the US last year compared to the UK ’s 60 , and points to this as self - evident proof that gun controls , which are stronger in the UK than in the US , reduce gun crime .
The sad thing is that this is a widely held assumption in the UK :
The UK has fewer guns and fewer gun crimes , therefore gun crime occurs because the laws are not strong enough and guns are too easy to get hold of .
However the connection between liberal gun laws and a high gun crime rate is very questionable .
The US does have a high murder rate , that is true .
There are 5.9 murders per 100,000 people a year in the US .
What Mr ( or Mrs ) Goodeve neglects is the fact that this number varies widely throughout the US , as do gun laws and the percentage of the people who own guns .
The five states with the highest murder rates are Washington D.C. 35.8 , Louisiana 12.7 , Maryland 9.4 , New Mexico 8.9. , Missouri 7.8 .
This gives an average murder rate in the worst five states as 14.92 .
The five best states are North Dakota 1.4 , New Hampshire 1.4 , Iowa 1.6 , Utah 1.9 , Wyoming 2.2 , yielding an average murder rate in in these five best states of 1.7 .
The percentage of the population owning guns in the five states with the worst murder rates are Washington D.C. 3.8 % , Louisiana 44.1 % , Maryland 21.3 % , New Mexico 34.8 %. , Missouri 41.7 % .
The first thing to note is that these figures vary wildly , from the state with the worst murder rate , DC , having only 3.8 % owning guns to the second worst having as many as 44.1 % , This in itself serves to cast doubt on the correlation of lots of guns to lots of murders .
However , the average percentage of the population owning guns in these five states with the worst murder rates is 29.4 % .
The percentage of the population owning guns in the states with the lowest murder rates is North Dakota 50.7 % , New Hampshire 30 % , Iowa 42.8 % , Utah 43.9 % , Wyoming 59.7 % .
This yields an average percentage population of the five states with the lowest murder rates in the US as 40.2 ..
There is definitely no correlation between high murder rates and lax gun laws or high numbers of guns from the American evidence , then .
In fact , these five states with the lowest murder rates , in which , on average 40.2 % of the population own a gun or guns , have an average murder rate of 1.7 per 100,000 people .
The average murder rate in England and Wales is 1.5 per 100,000 , scarcely lower .
In Scotland it is 2.2 per 100,000 , much worse than in these five gun toting states .
Meanwhile the US suffers , on average , half as many burglaries than the UK , and in the US 12 % of burglaries occur whilst the victim is at home , whilst 53 % of burglaries in the UK occur whilst the victim is home .
Take a look at what percentage of the population owns guns in the five most heavily armed states .
That ’s Wyoming , at 59.7 % , Alaska , at 57.8 % , Montana 57.7 % , South Dakota 56.6 % West Virginia 55.4 % .
That ’s an average of 57.44 % of the population in these five most heavily armed states owning guns .
The murder rates per 100,000 people in these states are , Wyoming 2.2 , Alaska 5.6 , Montana 3.2 , South Dakota 2.3 , West Virginia 3.7 .
That ’s an average murder rate in these most heavily armed states of 3.4 people per 100,000 .
Violent crimes per 100,000 in these states are , Wyoming 229.6 , Alaska 634.5 ( Alaska suffers from a shockingly high number of rapes compared to other states ) , Montana 293.8 , South Dakota 171.5 , West Virginia 271.2 .
The average total of all violent crimes in these states , then , is 320.12 .
Now compare this with the least heavily armed state ’s and districts .
The percentage of the population who own guns in Washington DC is 3.8 % , in Hawaii its 8.7 % , New Jersey 12.3 % , Massachusetts 12.6 % , Rhode Island 12.8 % .
So the average percentage of the population owning guns is 10.04 % .
Murder rates per 100,000 in these least heavily armed states are : Washington DC 35.8 , Hawaii 2.6 , New Jersey 4.5 , Massachusetts 2.6 , Rhode Island 2.4 .
That ’s an average of 9.58 .
If we exclude Washington DC ’s supernormal level of murders ( which perhaps we should n’t , but since it is so far above the average it may not be representative ) , that ’s an average of 3.025 .
Violent crimes per 100,000 people is Washington DC 1,371.2 , Hawaii 254.4 , New Jersey 355.7 , Massachusetts 458.8 , Rhode Island 247.4 .
That ’s an average of 537.5 .
Excluding Washington DC , that ’s an average of 329.075 .
So , lets summarise .
The five with the largest percentage of the population owning guns average at 57.44 % .
The average percentage of the population owning guns in the least heavily armed states is 10.04 % .
However , the average murder rate per 100,000 people in the most heavily armed states is 3.4 .
The average murder rate in the least heavily armed states is 9.58 , nearly three times as high .
Even if we adjust for Washington DC ’s supernormal murder rate , and exclude it , that ’s 3.025 , fairly comparable .
The average rate of violent crimes per 100,000 in the most heavily armed states is 320.12 .
In the least heavily armed states , it is 537.5 .
In short , the five most heavily armed states have a lower average murder rate than the five least heavily armed states .
Even on the more favourable measure it is comparable .
And the five most heavily armed states have less violent crime and the five least heavily armed states .
Further support for American skepticism that high gun related deaths correlate with high rates of gun ownership can be derived from Europe .
In Switzerland 27 % of homes contain at least one gun .
Yet the rate of homicides in Switzerland is only 1.1 per 100,000 people which is lower than in Britain .
A third of homes in Norway have a gun .
And the murder rate is fewer than one per 100,000 , far lower than in Britain .
In fact , just look at what has occurred since the handgun ban in the UK .
The BBC reports that the number of recorded gun crimes in the UK rose to more than 21,500 last year compared to just under 14,000 in 1998 .
Thats a more than fifty percent increase .
Meanwhile the number of gun related homicides has barely altered at all from the year in which the handgun ban was introduced .
The number of people injured by firearms in England and Wales has more than doubled since 1998 .
The number of recorded firearm crimes in 2005 / 2006 was 11,084 - up 0.12 % on previous year .
Likewise , in 1976 Washington DC introduced some of the strictest gun controls in the US , and now only 3.8 % of the population own guns .
The murder rate rose 134 % whilst the murder rate for the whole US fell 2 % .
There is , therefore , little evidence from the US supporting a correlation between high rates of gun ownership and high murder rates .
In fact , a greater percentage of the population in the states with the lowest murder rates own guns than in the states with the worst murder rates .
Moreover , those states which have the best murder rates , where on average 40 . % of the population own at least one gun , have a murder rate comparable to that of the UK and about three quarters that of Scotland .
Norway and Switzerland have similar rates of gun ownership as the US and a lower murder rate than the UK .
And gun crime has got worse as gun laws have got stricter in the UK .
There is no evidence of a positive correlation between the rate of gun ownership and the rate of murder , on the contrary , it seems negative ; and there is no evidence that stricter gun laws either reduce the supply of guns or reduce the number of gun crimes .
SourcesJames Bartholemew , " Banning guns is not the obvious answer it seems " BBC , " PM 's warning over gangs and guns
In the opening chapter of his great history of the Federal Reserve , Secrets of the Temple , William Greider describes Jimmy Carter ’s choice of Paul Volcker as Fed chairman in 1979 in epochal terms :
At that moment , few in the White House appreciated what would become obvious in the next few years , that this was the most important appointment of Jimmy Carter ’s Presidency .
What the President also did not grasp was that he was inadvertently launching a new era and ceding his own political power .
The choice had occurred by accident , driven by political panic and financial distress .
In time , it would profoundly alter the landscape of American life , transforming the terms for virtually every transaction in the national economy and the world ’s , creating a new order .
Barack Obama ’s choice of the now 81 - year - old Volcker as chairman of his new Economic Recovery Advisory Board is n’t nearly that big a deal .
But given Volcker ’s history , it is awfully interesting .
In 1979 , inflation was running in double digits and bond investors had lost all confidence in Washington ’s ability to get it under control .
By grudgingly appointing Volcker , then the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( the job that Treasury - Secretary - in - waiting Tim Geithner holds now ) , Carter reassured markets and , it turned out , put monetary policy in the hands of somebody who was willing to sacrifice just about anything –including Carter ’s job and those of millions of other Americans –to get inflation under control .
In Greider ’s telling , it was the beginning of an era where Wall Street called all the shots .
That era now seems to have come to an end in another period of “ political panic and financial distress , ” and yet here is Paul Volcker again .
He ’s been advising Obama for months .
There was even talk that he might get the post of Treasury Secretary .
What does his presence in the Obama camp mean ?
Obviously the appointment is meant partly , just as it was in 1979 , to reassure markets .
Somebody investors trust is , if not in charge , at least standing at the President ’s side .
But I ’d like to think there is more to it than that .
Volcker is not an economist , but he seems to have internalized far better than most economics Ph. Ds the lesson that there is no free lunch .
That ’s my interpretation–a more generous one than Greider ’s–of Volcker ’s brutal stand against inflation from 1979 through 1981 .
In the 1960s many economists had come to believe that inflating the currency was a simple and relatively safe way to keep the unemployment rate down – that is , a free lunch .
Volcker put an end to that failed experiment .
More recently , Volcker has been outspoken about the dangers of budget deficits and looming long - term commitments to Social Security and Medicare .
He has worried a lot about U.S. dependence on capital flows from abroad .
He has also studied how financial regulation should be organized in the future , although he ’s hesitant to draw any strong conclusions just yet .
Basically , he has been the voice of prudence and of discipline in an era largely devoid of both .
Whether he ’ll be a truly influential voice in a new administration that ’s planning to throw hundreds of billions –maybe even trillions –of dollars at the economy to keep it from collapsing is something we ’ll find out over the next couple of years .
But for now his role in the Obama team at least exudes the reassuring vibe that maybe the grownups are about to take charge .
Conal seems to have discovered an essential change in the semantics of FRP .
The change is to think in terms of relative time instead of absolute time ( Einstein would approve ) .
It really cleans a lot of things in the semantics up , makes the implementation local ( which functional programming is very good at making efficient ) .
So , for example , instead of Behavior a = Time -> a , we have Behavior a = Time -> a :-) .
The difference is simply that on the left , “ now ” is whatever time you give it , whereas on the right , “ now ” is 0 .
However , this change has far reaching consequences on how I think about FRP .
The difficulties I have been trying to overcome in my implementations no longer make any sense .
This is a good sign .
I have been gradually hacking on a “ practical ” implementation of FRP , i.e. putting aside the beauty of the implementation and doing whatever I can to make it efficient and easy to use .
But man it ’s awful .
I have no certainty whatsoever than the 200 lines I have so far written are anywhere near correct other than they seem to work when I play with them .
I do n’t like that feeling .
I have the urge to revisit my precise and rigorous implementations I had been working on , which I gave up on because they did n’t efficiently express what I wanted them to .
In particular , this relative time thing with comonads seems very simple .
So I want to write it together with my “ correct blocking thunks ” , which are thunks that are technically blocking , but they never actually do because you have to prove that they wo n’t before you evaluate them :-)
I ’m pretty excited .
I ’m hopeful that this new FRP is expressive and powerful in addition to its beauty .
I wo n’t know that until I rewire my brain a little .
University of Utah geologists identified an amazing concentration of dinosaur footprints that they call “ a dinosaur dance floor , ” located in a wilderness on the Arizona - Utah border where there was a sandy desert oasis 190 million years ago .
The three - quarter - acre site – which includes rare dinosaur tail - drag marks – provides more evidence there were wet intervals during the Early Jurassic Period , when the U.S. Southwest was covered with a field of sand dunes larger than the Sahara Desert .
Located within the Vermilion Cliffs National Monument , the “ trample surface ” ( or “ trampled surface ” ) has more than 1,000 and perhaps thousands of dinosaur tracks , averaging a dozen per square yard in places .
The tracks once were thought to be potholes formed by erosion .
The site is so dense with dinosaur tracks that it reminds geologists of a popular arcade game in which participants dance on illuminated , moving footprints .
Geologist Winston Seiler with some of the dinosaur tracks he identified for his thesis as a University of Utah master 's degree student .
The impressions once were thought to be potholes eroded by water .
But Seiler and Marjorie Chan , chair of geology and geophysics at the University of Utah , published a scientific paper in the October 2008 issue of the journal Palaios identifying the abundant impressions as comprising a large dinosaur " trample surface " in northern Arizona .
There are so many tracks they wryly refer to the site as " a dinosaur dance floor . "
Credit : Nicole Miller
“ Get out there and try stepping in their footsteps , and you feel like you are playing the game ‘ Dance Dance Revolution ’ that teenagers dance on , ” says Marjorie Chan , professor and chair of geology and geophysics at the University of Utah .
“ This kind of reminded me of that – a dinosaur dance floor – because there are so many tracks and a variety of different tracks .
” “ There must have been more than one kind of dinosaur there , ” she adds .
“ It was a place that attracted a crowd , kind of like a dance floor .
” A study identifying the dinosaur track site was published in the October issue of the international paleontology journal Palaios .
Chan is senior author of the study , which was conducted for a master ’s degree thesis by former graduate student Winston Seiler , who now works at Chevron Inc. , in Bakersfield , Calif .
Seiler says the range of track shapes and sizes reveals at least four dinosaur species gathered at the watering hole , with the animals ranging from adults to youngsters .
“ The different size tracks [ 1 inch to 20 inches long ] may tell us that we are seeing mothers walking around with babies , ” he says .
The site – a 6 - mile roundtrip hike from the nearest road – is in Arizona in the Coyote Buttes North area of the Paria Canyon - Vermilion Cliffs Wilderness , which is part of the U.S. Bureau of Land Management ’s ( BLM ) Vermilion Cliffs National Monument .
The track site – about halfway between Kanab , Utah , and Page , Ariz .
– is near a popular wind - sculpted sandstone attraction known as the Wave .
Photo on left shows eroded dinosaur footprints and tail - drag marks -- highlighted in the diagram at right -- at a northern Arizona site .
Credit : Winston Seiler , University of UtahChan says the new study is the first scientific publication to identify the impressions as dinosaur footprints on a trample surface .
As part of the study , Seiler marked off 10 random plots , each of 4 square meters , or roughly 2 yards by 2 yards .
He counted 473 tracks within those plots – an average of 12 per square meter .
He conservatively estimates the 3,000 - square - meter site ( about 0.75 acres ) has more than 1,000 tracks , but he and Chan believe there perhaps are thousands .
Numerous dinosaur track sites have been found in the western United States , including more than 60 in Navajo Sandstone , where actual dinosaur bones are rare .
“ Unlike other trackways that may have several to dozens of footprint impressions , this particular surface has more than 1,000 , ” Seiler and Chan wrote .
And they say the density of tracks is much greater than it is at even larger track sites , such as the one at Coral Pink Sand Dunes State Park in Utah .
The dinosaur tracks and tail marks near the Wave were preserved in the vast Navajo Sandstone Formation .
But unlike the dunes that make up much of the Navajo Sandstone , the tracks are within what was a wet , low watering hole between the dunes .
“ We ’re looking at an area much like the Sahara Desert with blowing sand dunes , ” Seiler says .
“ Areas between these sand dunes could have had ponds – oases .
” The 2.4 - inch - wide tail - drag marks – which are up to 24 feet long – are a special discovery because there are fewer than a dozen dinosaur tail - drag sites worldwide , Seiler says .
Four tail drags were within the 10 plots he surveyed , and there are others nearby .
“ Dinosaurs usually were n’t walking around with their tails dragging , ” he says .
The " dinosaur dance floor " - formally known as a dinosaur " trample surface " - is outlined by white dashes in this photo taken from a hill above the three - quarter - acre site .
The site 's numerous holes in Jurassic sandstone were identified as dinosaur tracks by University of Utah geologists Marjorie Chan and Winston Seiler .
Credit : Winston Seiler , University of Utah .
Chan first visited the site of the dinosaur tracks in 2005 with a BLM ranger who was puzzled by them .
Chan initially called them potholes , which are erosion features common in desert sandstone , “ but I knew that was n't the whole story because of the high concentration and because they were n't anywhere else nearby but along that one surface .
” Seiler first saw the site in 2006 .
“ At first glance , they look like weathering pits – a field of odd potholes , ” he says .
“ But within about five minutes of wandering around , I realized these were dinosaur footprints .
” One anonymous reviewer of the Palaios study still believes the holes are erosion features .
The study argues the impressions are from dinosaurs because :--
They are the correct size for tracks made by big animals , and are limited to a single rock bed .--
Four different kinds of footprint shapes are seen repeatedly in 14 percent of the impressions , and they include obvious claw , toe and heel marks .
The other impressions “ are clearly similar . ”--
One - third of the prints are surrounded by small ridges or mounds .
Such features would be expected when animals stepped in wet sand .--
The tracks “ are rarely flat and are typically oriented at an angle into the sediment … and indicate a clear direction of travel ” to the west - southwest .
Seiler says the direction the dinosaurs walked “ either was dictated by the large dunes that bounded this wet area , or it could be communal behavior , like walking together as a pack . ”--
About one - eighth of the tracks show “ overprinting , ” in which a dinosaur stepped in the footprint of another or even in its own prints .
“ While these impressions may be mistaken for potholes caused by weathering , close examination reveals many footprint features , ” Seiler says .
Dinosaur footprints are named by their shape because the animals that made them have n’t been identified .
Four kinds of footprints were found on the trample surface :-- Eubrontes footprints measure 10 inches to 16 inches long and have three toes and a heel .
Eubrontes tracks are believed to have been made by upright - walking dinosaurs 16 to 20 feet long , or smaller than Tyrannosaurus rex .--
Grallator tracks are about 4 inches to 7 inches long , are three - toed and were left by small dinosaurs only a few feet tall .-- Sauropodomorph dinosaur tracks , which are more circular than the other types , were left by creatures that walked on four legs and were the largest dinosaurs at the site .
Their tracks range from 6 inches to 11 inches long .
Seiler says the tail - drag marks are associated with these circular footprints , so they likely were made by sauropods .--
Anchisauripus tracks measure 7 inches to 10 inches long and were made by dinosaurs that ranged from 6 feet to 13 feet in length .
When the footprints were made 190 million years ago , “ the continents were arranged so this area was in the tropics ” and was part of the supercontinent named Pangaea , says Seiler .
“ It was a desert , like the Sahara but much larger than the Sahara is today , ” covering much of Utah , Wyoming , Colorado , New Mexico , Arizona and Nevada .
“ Some studies indicate winds probably were much stronger than normal because all the continents were together , ” says Chan .
“ That ’s why you had monster dunes .
” “ To support large dinosaurs , there probably was n’t just one watering hole for them to go to , but many , ” Seiler says .
“ They wandered between a network of watering holes for food and water .
” In that sense , the trample surface is not “ just a wet pond , ” but “ it ’s possibly a record of global climate change ” – a shift from drier to wetter conditions , Chan says .
She says the traditional view is that the Navajo Sandstone represents “ a vast , dry uninhabitable desert .
But now we are seeing there are a lot of variations , and there were periods when dinosaurs were living there .
” Seiler envisions the dinosaurs were “ happy to be at this place , having wandered up and down many a sand dune , exhausted from the heat and the blowing sand , relieved and happy to come to a place where there was water .
” The trample surface “ helps paint a picture of what it was like to live back then , ” he says .
“ Tracks tell us what the dinosaurs were doing , what their behavior was , what life was like for them , what they did on a day - to - day basis .
” After the dinosaurs left their prints , the trample surface was covered by shifting dunes , which eventually became Navajo Sandstone .
Then , the rock slowly eroded away , exposing the tracks .
The tracks eventually will erode too , Seiler says .
The dinosaur trample surface and a nearby feature known as the Wave are in the Coyote Buttes North Special Permit Area of the Paria Canyon - Vermilion Cliffs Wilderness Area .
A permit and $ 7 per person fee are required to enter the area .
There is now a four - month wait for the 10 permits issued daily by phone or online .
For permits by phone , call the U.S. Bureau of Land Management in St. George , Utah , at ( 435 ) 688-3246 .
For information and permits online , go to http://www.blm.gov/az/st/en/arolrsmain.html , and then click on “ Coyote Buttes . ”
( If Coyote Buttes page does n’t open , follow instructions to enable TLS security . )
An additional 10 permits are issued daily – one day in advance of the hike – during a 9 a.m. walk - in lottery March 15 - Nov. 14 at the Paria Contact Station , and Nov. 15 - March 14 at the BLM ’s Kanab ( Utah ) Field Office .
Scots ministers hit out at the costs of ID cards The Scottish Parliament has voted against the UK Government 's plans to introduce ID cards .
MSPs backed a Scottish Government motion stating the scheme would not increase security or deter crime , while raising concerns about civil liberties .
Scots Community Safety Minister Fergus Ewing said the estimated £ 5 bn needed for ID cards should be spent elsewhere .
But Labour declined to back the motion , saying parliament should focus on issues which were devolved to Scotland .
The first identity cards will be issued to foreign nationals from next week , while young people will be asked to sign up from 2010 before their expected general introduction from 2012 .
There 's nothing extreme or unusual in the introduction of ID cards
Richard Baker
Labour MSP
Mr Ewing told parliament ID cards were a " colossal waste of money " , and that the UK Government could not be trusted to keep the data safe .
" This scheme wo n't achieve its primary stated objective of making people safer nor reducing the terrorist threat , " he said .
" We do believe that it poses an unacceptable threat to citizens ' privacy and civil liberties . "
Liberal Democrat MSP
Robert Brown said he was uneasy at the decision to issue cards to foreign nationals .
He said : " It goes under the rather unpleasant title of identity cards for foreign nationals , with all the nasty implied innuendo of the recipients being aliens , other people from far - off countries that we know nothing about and probably terrorists anyway . "
Tory Bill Aitken said governments had every justification to take action on improving security , but added : " Where there have been terrible terrorist outrages in the past , in countries where identity cards are compulsory , they have made not one whit of difference . "
Pointing out Holyrood had no jurisdiction on ID cards , Labour 's Richard Baker said there would be no obligation on people to carry ID cards .
He said the UK Government was bringing forward a series of measures to enhance national security and public safety .
He added : " ID cards are a part of that .
" There 's nothing extreme or unusual in the introduction of ID cards and the kind of data which will be on them . "
The government motion was passed by 69 votes to zero , with 38 abstentions .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
That ’s their headline .
Let the record reflect that Barack Obama made the approach to John McCain tonight .
As the two shared the Senate floor tonight for the first time since they won their party nominations , Obama stood chatting with Democrats on his side of the aisle , and McCain stood on the Republican side of the aisle .
So Obama crossed over into enemy territory .
He walked over to where McCain was chatting with Republican Sen. Mel Martinez of Florida and Independent Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman of Connecticut .
And he stretched out his arm and offered his hand to McCain .
McCain shook it , but with a “ go away ” look that no one could miss .
He tried his best not to even look at Obama .
Finally , with a tight smile , McCain managed a greeting : “ Good to see you . ”
Obama got the message .
He shook hands with Martinez and Lieberman — both of whom greeted him more warmly — and quickly beat a retreat back to the Democratic side .
Quranists 's madhlom ->
An Egyptian internet writer and blogger still detained and his family is threaten to be killed Noha Atef in 08 - 11 - 15 Global Voices Advocay ; Defnding Free Speech Online
The mother and two sisters of the Egyptian blogger and Internet writer Reda Abdul Rahman were threaten to be killed , when they tried to ask state security agents about the whereabouts of Abdul Rahman , who was kidnapped last month by State Security Investigation .
The mother of Mr. Redda Abdel - Rahman Ali , and her two daughters ( Azza , and Hebba ) , went to the center of the State Security forces and tried to meet the officer in charge , who attacked the mother and her daughters and insulted her with the most brutal and filthy language .
According to a statement issued by the International Quranic Center , an NGO concerned with people who believe in Holy Qran as the only source of faith , known as Quranics :
He [ the officer in charge ] then ordered his troops to point their guns towards them and threatened them with death if they do not leave the place immediately , he himself drew his gun and pointed it at them with the same threats .
He also threatened one of the daughters that he would arrest her and get her kicked out of her university .
His troops followed his orders and pushed and shoved the mother and both her daughters out of the building , committing in the process some sexual harassment to all of them ,
Abdel Rahman , 32 , is a social worker at a Religious Institute affiliated to Al - Azhar .
He is a member of Ahmed Sobhi Mansour ’s family .
Mansour is considered as a God Father of Quranists .
Abdel Rahman was arrested last October , police picked him from his house to unknown place , and confiscated his computer and a number of CDs that were in his apartment .
On his web blog Justice - Freedom - Peace he wrote last July that he was interrogated at Al - Azhar Sheikdom Legal Affairs Department regarding his articles and that he was put under pressure to force him to sign a confession that he will not publish such articles or any other religious material in the future .
The Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights , an independent Egyptian NGO ,
called on the Interior Ministry to release Abdel Rahma .
The Initiative said it got information that Abdel Rahman was deprived of food in prison .
In a complaint to the Egyptian public prosecutor two days ago , the Initiative requested the Interior Ministry to announce where Abdel Rahman is arrested and to let him contact his defense and relatives .
The International Holy Quran Center described Abdel Rahman ’s arrest as “ continuous policy to terrorize the Quran people in Egypt ” .
Read 2935 times
The Explorer
The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland /
9
by Michele Simionato
October 31 , 2008
Summary
This episode is entirely devoted to Scheme macros from a personal point of view .
Pattern matching is introduced as the fundamental mechanism on which macros are built .
Advertisement
A minimal introduction to Scheme macros Scheme macros have many faces .
You can see them as a general mechanism to extend the syntax of base Scheme , and also as a mechanism to reduce boilerplate .
On the other hand , if you focus your attention on the fact that they work at compile time , you can see them as a mechanism to perform arbitrary computations at compile time , including compile time checks .
I think the correct way of looking at macros is to see them as a general facility to write compilers for micro-languages - or Domain Specific Languages , DSL - embedded in the Scheme language .
The languages defined through macros can be very different from Scheme ; for instance you can define object oriented languages ( object systems such as TinyCLOS or Swindle are typical examples ) or even languages with static typing ( the new language Typed Scheme , built on top of PLT Scheme , is such an example ) .
In order to address such use cases , Scheme macros have to be extremely advanced , much more than Lisp macros and any other kind of macros I know of ; as a consequence , they also have a reputation for complexity .
Unfortunately , on top of the intrinsic complexity , Scheme macros also suffers from accidental complexity , due to history ( there are too many standard macro systems ) and to the tradition of not caring about readability ( many Scheme constructs are made to look more complex than they actually are ) .
Scheme has two macro systems included in the de jure standard - syntax - rules , which allows to define hygienic macros only , and syntax - case , which has the full power of Lisp macros and much more - plus a de facto standard based on define - macro system , which is available in all implementations and it is well known to everybody because of its strict similarity to Common Lisp defmacro system .
Which macrology should I teach ?
Since there are so many macro systems it is difficult to decide from where to start in a pedagogical paper or tutorial .
If you look at the original Italian version of this paper , you will see that I did talk about syntax - rules macros first .
However , after a lot of thinking , I have decided to go my own way in this English series of the Adventures .
Here I will not discuss syntax - rules , nor I will discuss syntax - case : instead , I will discuss my own version of Scheme macros , which I called sweet - macros .
Why I am doing that ?
After all , why my readers should study my own version of macros when they surely will be better served off by learning the standard macrology used by everybody ?
I have spent years debating with myself this very question , but at the end I have decided to go this way for a series of reasons : I regard the existence of two separate macro systems in the same standard as a wart of Scheme and as a mistake made by the R6RS editors : they should have included in the language syntax - case only , leaving syntax - rules as a compatibility library built on top of syntax - case ; I really do n't like the syntax - case syntax , it is by far too verbose and unreadable ; I find there is a strong need for some sugar on top of it and that is what sweet - macros are for ; sweet - macros are very close to syntax - case macros , so once you understand them you will understand syntax - case too ; from there , understanding syntax - rules is a breeze ; starting from sweet - macros is much better from pedagogical purposes , especially for readers with a Common Lisp background , since it is easy to explain the relation with defmacro and the hygiene issue ; my target readers are programmers coming from the scripting languages ( Perl / Python / Ruby ) world .
For this kind of public , with no previous exposition to Scheme , bare syntax - case is just too hard , so I needed to dress it in nice clothes to make it palatable ; sweet - macros are intended to easier to use than syntax - case macros , but they are also more powerful , since they provide introspection and debugging capabilities as well as guarded patterns , so they should look attractive to experienced users too ; however , this is a nice side effect and not the main motivation for the library ; sweet - macros were written expressely for this series of papers , since I did not want to litter my explanation of Scheme macros with endless rants .
So , I took action and I wrote my own library of macros made " right " : this is also a tribute to the power of Scheme macros , since you can " fix " them from within the standard macro framework in fifty lines of code .
If you are an advanced reader , i.e. a Schemer knowing syntax - case / syntax - rules or a Lisper knowing defmacro , I a am sure you will ask yourself what are the differences of sweet - macros with respect to the system you know .
I will make a comparison of the various systems in the future , in episode # 12 and later on .
For the moment , you will have to wait .
I do not want to confuse my primary target of readers by discussing other macro systems right now .
I also defer to episode # 12 the delicate question are macros a good idea ?.
For the moment , focus on what macros are and how you can use them .
Then you will decide if they are a good idea or not .
Enter sweet - macros
My sweet - macros library is a small wrapper around the syntax - case macro system .
I release it under a liberal BSD licence .
You can do whatever you want with it , just keep the attribution right .
The primary goal of sweet - macros is semplicity , so it only exports three macros , def- syntax , syntax - match and syntax - expand : def-syntax is a macro used to define simple macros , which is similar to defmacro , but simpler and strictly more powerful .
is a macro used to define simple macros , which is similar to , but simpler and strictly more powerful .
syntax - match is a macro used to define complex macro transformers .
It is implemented as a thin layer of sugar on top of syntax - case .
is a macro used to define complex macro transformers .
It is implemented as a thin layer of sugar on top of .
syntax - expand is a macro which acts as a debugging facility to expand macros defined via def- syntax or syntax - match .
It should be mentioned that standard Scheme macros do not provide debugging and / or introspection facilities and that every implementation provides different means of debugging macros .
This is unfortunate , since debugging macros is usually difficult and it is done often , since it is uncommon to get a macro right the first time , even if you are an experienced developer .
I wanted to provide my readers with the tools to understand what they are doing , without relying on the details of the implementation they are using .
Therefore macros defined via syntax - match ( and that includes macros defined via def- syntax ) provide out of the box introspection and debugging features .
Of course , readers who want to rely on the debugging tools of their implementation can do so ; for instance I hear that DrScheme has a pretty good macro stepper but I have not tried it since I am an Emacs - addict .
First of all , you should download and install the right sweet - macros library .
Unfortunately the R6RS module system does not really solve the portability issue ( to my endless frustration ) so I had to write different versions of the same library :-(
I you are using Ikarus you should download the single file version of the library $ wget http://www.phyast.pitt.edu/~micheles/scheme/sweet-macros.sls and put it everywhere in you IKARUS_LIBRARY_PATH .
If you are using PLT Scheme ( you need a version of PLT newer than 4.0 for R6RS support ) you must download the zip file version $ wget http://www.phyast.pitt.edu/~micheles/scheme/sweet-macros.zip
$ unzip sweet - macros.zip $ mv sweet - macros < your collects directory > and install it in your collects directory , which on my machine is $ HOME /.
plt - scheme/4.0/collects .
Actually , the multifile version of the library works also with Ikarus if you have a recent enough version ( right now I am using the trunk , version 0.0.3 + , revision 1654 ) .
I have not tried the library on Larceny ; I have tried it in Ypsilon Scheme which however has a small bug so that it does not run there ( the bug is already fixed in the trunk ) .
You should always keep in mind than R6RS implementations are pretty young and that implementors are still working to make them really compatible .
I have also prepared an R5RS version which should work in Chicken Scheme , at least in the interpreter : $ wget http://www.phyast.pitt.edu/~micheles/scheme/sweet-macros.scm
However I have developed and tested sweet - macros in Ikarus only ( caveat emptor ! ) .
Still , since the title of this blog is The Explorer , I think it is fine if we deal with exploratory code .
You can check that the installation went well by importing the library : $ ikarus > ( import ( sweet - macros ) ) and by trying to define a macro .
An example : multi-define
Here is a multi- define binding construct which allows to define many identifiers at once : ( def-syntax ( multi - define ( name ... ) ( value ... ) ) #'( begin ( define name value ) ... ) )
As you see , Scheme macros are based on pattern matching : we are giving instructions to the compiler , specifying how it must acts when it sees certain patterns .
In our example , when the compiler sees a multi- define expression followed by two sequences with zero o more arguments , it must replace it with a begin expression containing a sequence of zero or more definitions .
You can check that this is exactly what happens by means of syntax - expand : > ( syntax - expand ( multi - define ( a b ) ( 1 2 ) ) ) ( begin ( define a 1 ) ( define b 2 ) )
Notice that ( multi - define ( ) ( ) ) is valid code expanding to a do - nothing ( begin ) expression ; if you want to reject this corner case , you should write your macro as ( def- syntax ( multi - define ( name1 name2 ... ) ( value1 value2 ... ) ) #'( begin ( define name1 value1 ) ( define name2 value2 ) ... ) ) so that multi- define requires one or more arguments .
However , it is often useful to accept degenerate corner cases , because they may simplify automatic code generation ( i.e. multi- define could appear in the expansion of another macro ) .
multi-define works as you would expect : > ( multi - define ( a b ) ( 1 2 ) ) ; introduce the bindings a=1 and b=2 > a 1 > b 2
I have just scratched the surface of Scheme macros here : I leave the rest for the next episode , do n't miss it !
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 6 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
BEST RATE GUARANTEE Book Taj Direct
Make your bookings directly with us for the most seamless experience and the best value .
With compelling exclusive offers , Taj InnerCircle reward points , and the best rates guaranteed experience our sincere care even before you check in .
Read More .
A well - written manual and a few snap - together models provide a good conceptual understanding of how DNA and genetics work .
Some of the hands - on activities seem like nothing but busy work ; others are invaluable at getting kids interested in the process of scientific experimentation .
One experiment takes you through the process of isolating DNA from tomatoes .
Adult reviewers found it more difficult than the manual let on -- which probably means that a kid should have no problem .
You can also breed bacteria and then do some genetic engineering on them , but be careful -- under the Patriot Act this stuff can get you thrown in jail .
If you read further .. you actually have to chew as most of the food in it is either nuts or chips .
Action Pizza : Which is a jar of Pizza Cashews & Pitas , Tomato Sesame Sticks , Tomato Almonds , Cheese Pitas and Mozzarella Peanuts .
Racing Wasabi : Which is Wasabi Soy Almonds and Peanuts , Wasabi Peas , Honey Mustard Sesame Sticks and Pita Chips .
Strategy Chocolate : Which is Almonds , Chocolate Raisins , Cherries , White Chocolate Chips .
Sports PB&J : Peanuts , Peanut Butter Chips , Strawberry Jelly Chips , Bread Cubes .
Andrew Malone
Mail Online
November 4 , 2008
When Prince Charles claimed thousands of Indian farmers were killing themselves after using GM crops , he was branded a scaremonger .
In fact , as this chilling dispatch reveals , it ’s even WORSE than he feared .
The children were inconsolable .
Mute with shock and fighting back tears , they huddled beside their mother as friends and neighbours prepared their father ’s body for cremation on a blazing bonfire built on the cracked , barren fields near their home .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
As flames consumed the corpse , Ganjanan , 12 , and Kalpana , 14 , faced a grim future .
While Shankara Mandaukar had hoped his son and daughter would have a better life under India ’s economic boom , they now face working as slave labour for a few pence a day .
Landless and homeless , they will be the lowest of the low .
Shankara , respected farmer , loving husband and father , had taken his own life .
Less than 24 hours earlier , facing the loss of his land due to debt , he drank a cupful of chemical insecticide .
Unable to pay back the equivalent of two years ’ earnings , he was in despair .
He could see no way out .
There were still marks in the dust where he had writhed in agony .
Other villagers looked on – they knew from experience that any intervention was pointless – as he lay doubled up on the ground , crying out in pain and vomiting .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The McCain campaign is collecting reports of " Election Day irregularities " in swing states and distributing them to reporters .
I cannot help but wonder if they are preparing a case to contest the legitimacy of the election , should Obama win by a 2000 - like narrow margin .
The irregularities include " black panthers " who are " intimidating Voters By Standing Outside Of A Polling Station While Holding A Night Stick " in Philadelphia , and " multiple reports that a polling station in Virginia Beach is understaffed , and people are picking paper ballots off the floor and casting multiple votes " .
About an hour ago they released the following statement :
ARLINGTON , VA --
The McCain - Palin campaign is committed to ensuring that every qualified voter has the opportunity to vote and that all lawfully cast ballots are not cancelled out by fraudulent votes .
Given that four states in the 2004 Presidential Election were decided by 1 percent or less , the McCain - Palin Campaign believes there should be a zero - tolerance policy for voter fraud and voter intimidation .
Full release after the jump :
ARLINGTON , VA --
The McCain - Palin campaign is committed to ensuring that every qualified voter has the opportunity to vote and that all lawfully cast ballots are not cancelled out by fraudulent votes .
Given that four states in the 2004 Presidential Election were decided by 1 percent or less , the McCain - Palin Campaign believes there should be a zero - tolerance policy for voter fraud and voter intimidation .
Through a combination of news accounts and first - hand reports , the following cases of voter irregularities have been documented :
PENNSYLVANIA
In Philadelphia , PA , Black Panthers Are Intimidating Voters By Standing Outside Of A Polling Station While Holding A Night Stick .
Fox News ' Rick Leventhal : " I do not even know where to begin , but we have reached a polling place in the city of Philadelphia .
One of the two black panthers who was allegedly blocking the door is standing right over here , [ and ] accused us of intimidating voters because we were here with a camera and microphone .
He did not answer questions , other people here have confirmed that another person in black panther attire was holding a night stick and apparently the concern was that they were intimidating people who were trying to go inside to vote .
A republican poll observer actually called the police , the police were here and we miss[ed ] them , they came and left . "
( Fox News ; " America 's Newsroom 2008 , " 11/4/08 )
The New Black Panther Party Promised To " Protect Its Interest " On Election Day .
" We will not allow some racists and other angry whites , who are upset over an impending Barack Obama presidential victory , to intimidate blacks at the polls , ' [ Black Panther Field Marshall Najee ] Muhammad said .
Most certainly , we cannot allow these racist forces to slaughter our babies or commit other acts of violence against the black population , nor our black president . '
Muhammad added , " We must organize to counter and neutralize these threats using all means at our disposal .
This is a great time for our people , and we must ensure that peace prevails for our people . ' "
( Tyrone Tony Reed , Jr. , " New Black Panthers Visit Alamo , " Jackson Sun , 11/2/08 )
In Philadelphia , PA , Republican Election Board Officials In At Least Six Precincts Have Been Tossed By The Democrat Judge Of Elections .
The State Republican Party filed suit in Election Court in Philadelphia City Hall seeking an injunction requiring that all Republican poll watchers be provided the access that had been denied .
The duty judge granted the injunction that was sought .
In Lancaster County , PA , Calls From " Democrats For Obama " Are Being Made , Informing Voters About A Fake Change Of Polling Location .
Lancaster County is a high priority target county for Republicans this year , and this is a clear attempt to suppress Republican votes .
FLORIDA
In Florida , There Are Reports That Out - Of State Obama Volunteers Have Cast Ballots In The State .
" Julietta Appleton 's business and home address are in New York , but she decided to vote in Florida .
... Julietta flew to [ Florida ] in September to help the Obama campaign get out the vote in Miami .
She posted a link on ObamaTravel.org -- a site designed to help volunteers from non-swing states get to battleground states by connecting them with donors .
On the site , she asked for help paying for a flight back home ' to New York after the election .
Included , Julietta posted a picture of herself casting a ballot in Miami . " ( Tiffany Wilson , " Florida Fraud ? " Palestra Blog , 11/4/08 )
In Florida , There Are Reports Of Intimidation Of McCain - Palin Voters By Elections Officials .
After learning that a voter cast a ballot for the McCain - Palin ticket , one Florida election official reportedly told the voter " she could kill her for voting for [ McCain ] " and that she did n't deserve an " I voted sticker " because she voted for McCain - Palin .
In Palm Beach County , FL , Many Voters Are Reporting Trouble Locating The McCain - Palin Ticket On The Ballot Because It Appears On The Second Page .
" Florida 's Palm Beach County is reporting problems at a couple of polling stations : so - called undervotes , ' where machines reject ballots because voters are not filling out the second page of the ballot , a spokesman for the county Board of Elections confirmed
He said in some cases people simply forget to fill out the second page ... "
( CNN , " Undervotes Reported In Palm Beach County , Florida , " CNN Political Ticker Blog , 11/4/08 )
NEW HAMPSHIRE
In Manchester , NH , Republican Election Officials Are Being Kept Away From Locations Inside The Polling Places Where They Are Supposed To Be Verifying Voters .
The New Hampshire Republican Party brought a lawsuit against Secretary of State William Gardner seeking an immediate order to require that election officials in statewide polling stations , including in Manchester , NH , allow appointed Republican officials access to same - day registration tables where voter qualifications are being checked .
These Republican officials , who are appointed by the State Party to monitor voter registration to ensure they are qualified to vote in NH , are being kept away from the locations inside the polling places where this verification is taking place .
The lawsuit occurred in New Hampshire Superior Court at 1:30 pm . ( Ethan Kendrick , " BREAKING NEWS - Lawsuit Being Filed Over NH New Voter Registrations , " New Hampshire 's News and Politics Blog , http://www.nowhampshire.com,
11/04/08 )
OHIO
In Toledo , OH , Non-Credentialed " Election Protection " Democrat Observers Were Found Inside The Polling Precinct .
( ElectionJournal.org , 11/4/08 )
VIRGINIA
In Virginia Beach , VA , There Are Reports That Voters Are Casting Multiple Paper Ballots .
There are multiple reports that a polling station in Virginia Beach is understaffed , and people are picking paper ballots off the floor and casting multiple votes .
In Northern Virginia , It Is Reported That " Tens Of Thousands " Of Military Absentee Ballots Could Be Missing .
Fox News ' Megyn Kelly : " [ T ] he northern part of Virginia almost always goes blue .
He may not know how many military ballots are missing , but according to the wire reports , it could be tens of thousands .
That is according to the McCain camp in a local press report .
That military absentee ballot in Virginia could be potentially big . "
( Fox News ' " U.S. National America 's Election HQ , " 11/4/08 )
Kevin Foster Death at 39 , Former Cubs Pitcher 1969 - 2008
Kevin Foster : 1969-2008
( January 13 , 1969 - October 11 , 2008 ) died at age 39 of renal cancer.
announced that his brother 's death had occurred in Oklahoma on Monday .
The five year Chicago Cubs veteran died of renal cell carcinoma .
Foster grew up in the Chicago and debuted in MLB on September 12 , 1993 with the Philadelphia Phillies .
He went on to play for the Chicago Cubs from 1994 - 1998 .
His brother related the following : " Kev was just a nice humble kid .
Just a regular guy .
It was like a dream for him when he got to play for the Cubs .
We used to come down on the L and watch games at Wrigley Field as kids and then he ended up pitching there . "
Foster 's Cubs record was 32 - 28 .
An arm injury ended his career and he moved to Oklahoma where he became a truck driver following a brief comeback attempt with the Texas Rangers farm team in 2001 .
Check out photo gallery below .
Source
عطیه صالحی ، نسرین قدیری، بنفشه مختاری، فرزانه دیمی، آرزو مح مدی، عطاالله ملاکی، رویا ملاکی و سعید ملاکی ، ۸ تن ا ...
Western Kentucky University Lockdown in Progress : Shots Reported
Western Kentucky University is currently locked down while police search for a number of people involved in a breaking situation .
The Bowling Green , Kentucky campus reportedly has an incident in progress involving a fight among a group of men in two different areas , where gunfire was heard by students .
WKU 's South Campus on Nashville Road had reports from students that there was a physical altercation that broke out involving as many as 30 people .
Shortly afterward , students reported shots fired .
Police did a complete search and found no weapons .
Another physical altercation occurred in the vicinity of WKU's Main Campus .
A complete sweep of the Pearce Ford Tower building on the main campus is being undertaken now .
Text messages were sent by school officials urged students to seek shelter immediately after initial reports of gunfire were reported .
They also sent out a voice alarm over the schools intercom system .
WKU campus police , Bowling Green police and Kentucky State police , including the Critical Response Team , were scouring the campus for the suspects .
Five people were taken to police headquarters for further questioning .
The lockdown was eventually lifted but classes were canceled for the rest of the day .
No injuries have been reported .
An hour north of Nashville , WKU 's Bowling Green campus is home to their community college - one of the six undergraduate colleges in the WKU system .
A press conference is in the process of being convened to discuss the incident .
More photos below .
View more photos here .
Matthew 5:39
' If someone strikes you on the right cheek ...'
My blog used to be called Nappy Valley .
But now I 've moved to the dizzy heights of Crystal Palace ( via a spell as an expat on Long Island , New York ) .
And my Littleboys are long out of nappies .
Glider runs characters on behalf of players World of Warcraft creator Blizzard looks set to get $ 6 m ( £ 3.36 m ) from the makers of a software ' bot ' .
The cash is part of a deal brokered by Blizzard and MDY Industries - the maker of the WoWGlider software ' bot .
Blizzard embarked on the case against MDY claiming that the World of Warcraft Glider software produced by the company infringed its copyright .
The Glider software lets Warcraft players automate many of the repetitive steps the game involves .
Cash call
In July US District Court Judge David Campbell ruled that the MMOGlider , as the software is now known , broke the terms of the license that players agree to when they play World of Warcraft ( WoW ) .
The Glider software is the creation of MDY founder Michael Donnelly who is thought to have sold more than 100,000 copies of the $ 25 ( £ 14 ) program .
It proved popular with many WoW players as it helped them automate the many repetitive tasks , such as killing monsters and scavenging loot , required to turn low level characters into more powerful ones .
The damages award could have been bigger if MDY had not won some of its arguments about damages in court , said game law expert Benjamin Duranske on the Virtually Blind website which has lead coverage of the case .
MDY 's case was also helped by an admission in court that it would be reasonable to pay some form of damages .
The award could be delayed if Blizzard appeals against the judgement which threw out its claim to double or triple the cash settlement .
The case is due to go to court again in January 2009 when the remaining issues in the legal conflict look likely to be settled .
At issue will be whether MDY broke the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act and whether Mr Donnelly will have to pay the damages from his own pocket .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Drunk - banking
Drunk dialing meets phone banking , in a message left for the author of a software blog .
( via Gawker )
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
Brainbow : A fantastic array of colours is now possible A clever trick borrowed from jellyfish has earned two American researchers and one Japanese - born scientist a share of the chemistry Nobel Prize .
Martin Chalfie , Roger Tsien and Osamu Shimomura made it possible to exploit the genetic mechanism responsible for luminosity in the marine creatures .
Today , countless scientists use this knowledge to tag biological systems .
Glowing markers will show , for example , how brain cells develop or how cancer cells spread through tissue .
But their uses really have become legion : they are now even incorporated into bacteria to act as environmental biosensors in the presence of toxic materials .
Colour palette Jellyfish will glow under blue and ultraviolet light because of a protein in their tissues .
Scientists refer to it as green fluorescent protein , or GFP .
Shimomura made the first critical step , isolating GFP from a jellyfish ( Aequorea victoria ) found off the west coast of North America in 1962 .
He made the connection also with ultraviolet light .
Meanwhile in the 1990s , Chalfie demonstrated GFP 's value " as a luminous genetic tag " , as the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences described it in the Nobel citation .
Scientists use GFP to study mosquitoes and malaria Tsien 's contribution was to further " our general understanding of how GFP fluoresces " .
In essence , he started to tune it , to broaden the palette to colours other than green .
This was significant because it has allowed scientists to follow a number of different biological processes at once .
GFP has now become a standard laboratory tool .
As well as assisting fundamental research in simply revealing how biological systems work , it has become invaluable in the domain of genetic engineering .
Scientists trying to modify a plant or animal will often include the gene responsible for GFP as part of the change .
Fluorescence will then tell them if the modification has been taken up successfully or not , dramatically improving the efficiency of the research .
Shared glory
It is this science which has led to the stream of popular media stories down the years of " glowing " rabbits , butterflies , pigs - and all the other green - tinged animals to emerge from laboratories .
Just how far colouring techniques have come was demonstrated eloquently last year by a team led from Harvard University .
The GFP technique has provided fodder for the news media
The group used a combination of multiple fluorescent proteins to colour brain cells ( neurons ) in up to 90 distinct colours .
They published a stunning image in the journal Nature which they called a " brainbow " .
Osamu Shimomura is affiliated to the Marine Biological Laboratory , Woods Hole , US .
Martin Chalfie is at Columbia University , New York ; and Roger Tsien 's home institution is the University of California , San Diego .
They share the prize equally .
The Nobel Prizes - which also cover physics , medicine , literature , peace and economics ( more properly called the Sveriges Riksbank Prize ) - are valued at 10 m Swedish Kronor ( £ 800,000 ; $ 1.4 m ) .
Laureates also receive a medal and a diploma .
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Ban on ill treatment of farm animals winning
A measure that would ban farmers from raising egg - laying hens , veal calves and pregnant pigs in small cages and crates by 2015 appeared to be headed for victory Tuesday night .
Supporters of Proposition 2 said the initiative would guarantee farm animals a better life , giving them the space they need to stand up , turn around , lie down and extend their wings , as well as prevent diseases caused by overcrowding .
Opponents argue that the measure would put California 's egg industry out of business , as well as put consumers at risk for disease from imported eggs produced in countries with less stringent standards .
Voters seemed to be siding with the Humane Society of the United States , the backers of the initiative .
With nearly a third of the precincts reporting , the " Stop Animal Cruelty " measure was winning by a ratio of better than 3 to 2 .
" It 's common sense to give animals raised for food enough space to turn around , " said Wayne Pacelle , president and chief operating officer of the Humane Society .
" We are heartened and encouraged by the returns that provide affirmation of that principle . "
Florida , Arizona , Colorado and Oregon have passed similar laws for swine and veal .
But California would be the first state in the nation to demand that all egg - producing chickens be kept in more spacious enclosures or free to roam a henhouse .
Most pig and veal farmers in the state have already gone to larger pen sizes for their animals , making the battle mostly between poultry ranchers and animal - rights activists .
California produces about 6 percent of the nation 's table eggs , a $ 330 million business in 2007 .
Fifty percent of the eggs sold in California come from other states .
Five to 8 percent of the eggs produced in the state come from cage - free chickens .
The majority of California 's fryer and broiler chickens are already cage - free .
import datetime from django.db.models.query import QuerySet , ValuesQuerySet from django.http import HttpResponse class ExcelResponse ( HttpResponse ) : def __init__ ( self , data , output_name = ' excel_data ' , headers = None , force_csv = False , encoding = ' utf8 ' ) : #
Make sure we 've got the right type of data to work with valid_data =
False if isinstance ( data , ValuesQuerySet ) : data = list ( data ) elif isinstance ( data , QuerySet ) : data = list ( data . values ( ) ) if hasattr ( data , ' __getitem__ ' ) : if isinstance ( data [ 0 ] , dict ) : if headers is None : headers = data [ 0 ] . keys ( ) data = [ [ row [ col ] for col in headers ] for row in data ] data .
insert ( 0 , headers ) if hasattr ( data [ 0 ] , ' __getitem__ ' ) : valid_data =
True assert valid_data is True , " ExcelResponse requires a sequence of sequences " import StringIO output = StringIO .
StringIO () # Excel has a limit on number of rows ; if we have more than that , make a csv use_xls =
False if len ( data ) <= 65536 and force_csv is not True : try : import xlwt except ImportError : # xlwt does n't exist ; fall back to csv pass else : use_xls =
True if use_xls : book = xlwt .
Workbook ( encoding = encoding ) sheet = book .
add_sheet ( ' Sheet 1 ' ) styles = { ' datetime ' : xlwt .
easyxf ( num_format_str = ' yyyy - mm-dd hh:mm:ss ' ) , ' date ' : xlwt .
easyxf ( num_format_str = ' yyyy - mm-dd ' ) , ' time ' : xlwt .
easyxf ( num_format_str = ' hh : mm:ss ' ) , ' default ' : xlwt .
Style .
default_style } for rowx , row in enumerate ( data ) : for colx , value in enumerate ( row ) : if isinstance ( value , datetime .
datetime ) : cell_style = styles [ ' datetime ' ] elif isinstance ( value , datetime .
date ) : cell_style = styles [ ' date ' ] elif isinstance ( value , datetime .
time ) : cell_style = styles [ ' time ' ] else : cell_style = styles [ ' default ' ] sheet .
write ( rowx , colx , value , style = cell_style ) book .
save ( output ) mimetype = ' application /vnd.ms -excel ' file_ext = ' xls ' else : for row in data : out_row = [ ] for value in row : if not isinstance ( value , basestring ) : value = unicode ( value ) value = value .
encode ( encoding ) out_row .
append ( value .
replace ( ' " ' , ' " " ' ) ) output .
write ( ' " %s "
' % ' " , " ' . join ( out_row ) ) mimetype = ' text / csv ' file_ext = ' csv ' output .
seek ( 0 ) super ( ExcelResponse , self ) .
__init__ ( content = output .
getvalue ( ) , mimetype = mimetype ) self [ ' Content - Disposition ' ] = ' attachment ; filename= " %s . %s " ' % \ ( output_name .
replace ( ' " ' , ' \ " ' ) , file_ext )
A report Tuesday that takes a 30 - year look at cancer rates and deaths in the United States offers a mixed bag of good news , cautious optimism , and worry .
Overall numbers are on the decline for the first time , according to the collaborative Annual Report to the Nation ( pdf ) .
But this year 's report - put together by the American Cancer Society , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the National Cancer Institute , and the North American Association of Central Cancer Registries - takes a hard look at lung cancer , and calls for states to maintain and strengthen their control programs .
Cancer incidences , death rates , or a combination of the two rose in 18 mostly Midwestern and southern states .
California is the only state where both the incidence and death rates dropped .
In terms of lung cancer , responsible for about 30 percent of all cancer deaths in the U.S , Ohio had the 14th highest mortality rate for men and women .
Because of lack of sufficient information , the report did not rank Ohio in cancer incidence .
Ohio 's situation disappoints Dr. Derek Raghavan , director of the Cleveland Clinic 's Taussig Cancer Center .
He cited geographic proximity as one main cause , with Ohio sharing a border with Kentucky , ranked first in cancer incidents and mortality , and West Virginia -- ranked second in incidences and third in mortality .
" There 's no question that there 's a lot of cross - flow , " he said .
" The impact of the tobacco belt is there . "
Still , the percentage of Ohio adults over age 18 who smoked dropped from 1996 to 2007 .
In men , the numbers dropped from 26.3 percent to 24.9 .
Among women , it dropped from 24 percent to 20.1 percent .
And , unlike their male counterparts , national cancer death rates in women age 75 and older have not yet dropped -- in large part because of the huge influx of women who started smoking between 1965 - 75 , at much higher rates than men .
The report 's overall message is clear , Raghavan said .
" Men stopped smoking and they got less lung cancer , " he said .
" Women did n't stop smoking and their numbers have plateaued . "
Other report findings :
• Black men had the highest cancer incidence rate for 2001 - 05 among all men .
White women had the highest rate among all women .
• Death rates for all cancers combined for 2001 - 05 were highest for African Americans and lowest for Asian Pacific Islander men and women .
• Kentucky has the highest death rate for lung cancer .
Utah is at the opposite end of the spectrum .
First , let 's get one thing straight .
Pets hate costumes .
I DON'T CARE IF YOU THINK YOUR DOG LOVES IT when you strap a Cowboy Barbie on his back , or YOUR KITTEH APPEARS TO ENJOY WEARING A PRINCESS TIARA .
Someone needs to tell you , and it might as well be Cute Overload .
Your pet pretty much hates it .
When we dress our pets up , it 's for our own selfish enjoyment .
So you might as well DO A STELLAR JOB , because your pet only benefits from a costume if that costume generates gobs of attention .
You owe your pet a damn good costume .
Which brings me to the point .
A LOT of you are SLACKING and / or CONFUSED out there .
Think of the ANIMALS .
Let me show you what 's what .
[ Beckoning motion ]
First we have :
1. The Famous Human Costume
The Good :
You always have to explain it .
" He has a mini mohawk !
He 's Mr. T. , SEE ! ? "
The Bad : Your pet still hates you if you do n't step it up to make it recognizable
Exhibit A : Mr. T :
And a well - crafted Martha :
2. The Cutesy Hurl - a- Thon
The Good :
You 'll get a lot of " Awn , he looks adorable ! " from other insane people
The Bad : Anne Geddes will come after you with enormous hedge clippers
Behold Bunny in a Lettuce Cup :
3. The Non Sequitur Costume
The Good : Often very well - crafted .
Drugs and / or heavy wine use is almost always associated with each costume idea .
The Bad : Lots of WTF ?... OK ! reactions .
The " BoomBox " :
The " Mix Tape " :
The " Buttered Pupcorn " :
The " Rice Krispy Treat " :
The " Ham " :
The " Metro Line " !?!?!?!
4 . The " I Had it Lying Around " Costume
The Good :
You finally clean up the house
The Bad : Your cat continues to hate you
There 's the Boxed Wine Kitteh Leaf Thing :
And Aluminum Foil / Rubber Band Turtle ' Jaws ' ;
5 . The " My - pet - is - going - to - kill me - but - I 'm - doing - it - anyway " Costume
The Good : Target Dog Costume Sales reach all - time high thanks to you
The Bad : Your pet kills you .
Nah , do n't take the tag off .
What 's the point ?
5. Build on Your Strengths Costume
The Good : A costume that takes advantage of and accentuates a particular pet attribute
The Bad : Your pet 's " attribute " is on display ( the fact he looks like a pimp cannot be helpful )
Behold the Golden Retriever Lion :
The Built - in Ewok Face :
The Fish in a Bowl that Happens to look like a Jack - o - Lantern :
The Cow - Spotted terrier :
The Suave Hedge :
The Built - in Wetsuit :
And the Dog that Happens to Look like a Pimp :
6. The Epic Transformation Costume
The Good :
The pinnacle of a great costume — creative !
imaginative ! inspiring !
Transforming !
The Bad : Everyone else instantly feels like crap when they see your genius
Behold ... Elvis :
The Jumbo Dachshund Dog :
The Wizard of Oz :
The Croc Versus Pup : ( more photos here )
The Fast Food Gang [ Making gang doughnut symbol with hand ] :
The Thanksgiving Turkey Decision : ( That thought bubble is actually part of the costume ) :
And , our current favorite , the Headless Horseman :
7. The Just Plain Wrong Costume
Do n't worry if costume types 1 through 6 do n't encourage you .
There is always type 7 ; just plain wrong .
When in doubt , you can always create fake cleavage for your Boxer .
Huge thanks to all Sender - Inners over at the Martha Stewart / CuteOverload Costume Contest .
Keep those submissions coming !
In no particular order : Oswald the Pug by kheilbrunn , The BoomBox and Mix Tape by lawlerc , Vino Paws by lvmyboys3 , Elvis pup by sashimi54 , Cat that 's gonna kill by pastryprncess , hot dog vendor by StephanieJaxBeach , Oz by hrlollar Thanksgiving Decision by newfy , Ewok by raindropSJ , Cow by Breehan , Pumpkin Fish Tankie by piebispro , Martha Stewart Magazine by soulofart , Buttered Pupcorn by poc2u , Bulldog Pimpin ' by cknlomein , Headless Horseman by newfy , Boxer St. Pauli Girl by hobie_utah Ham Dog by PaleBlue , Retreiver Lion by Jeannine PC99 , Terrier Scuba Diver by herrinkr and James Bond Hedgehog by jacqtav .
« Vice - Presidential Debate to Take Place on Sunday , November 2nd in Las Vegas , NV | Main | Mercedes Leon on Good Morning America tommorrow October 30th at 6:15 am »
Oppose US War on Syria and Pakistan
Sign the online petition at : http://www.iacenter.org/
syriapakistan
All who want to stop the Bush White House from starting another war should immediately protest the unilateral , unjustifiable and criminal October 26 U.S. assaults on Syrian and Pakistani sovereignty .
Do n’t let Bush get away with expanded war crimes in the Middle East .
Condemn his efforts to hand a wider war to the next administration .
Make your opposition heard NOW !
Sign the online petition ( text below ) and send a strong , clear message to the White House , Congress , the media and the UN .
You can also help by donating now to help circulate anti-war material in an urgent national campaign - donate online at http://iacenter.org/donate.
Online petition text :
To : U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , Security Council President Wang Guangya , President Bush , Secretary Rice , Secretary Gates , Senators Obama and McCain , and Congressional leaders
cc : members of the media
The criminal acts of war on October 26 against both Syria and Pakistan by U.S. armed forces violates the sovereignty of both countries and must be roundly condemned .
The attempt by the Bush administration to justify them by invoking an expanded theory of a right to carry out acts of war on any country 's territory without permission or even consultation with the country 's government is a complete repudiation of the principle of national sovereignty on which the U.N. charter is based .
These acts of war are unjustified and illegal , and can lead to wider U.S. wars in the Middle East and South Asia .
The U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have already cost hundreds of thousands of deaths and over $ 1 trillion .
At the same time , the entire world is in the grip of the largest economic catastrophe since the great depression .
It is more urgent than ever that all the U.S. troops be brought home now and money be used for human needs , not newly expanded wars of aggression whether in Syria or Pakistan or Iran .
Sincerely ,
( Your signature here )
To sign , edit and send the above statement to the U.N. , administration officials , congressional leaders and the media , go to http://www.iacenter.org/
syriapakistan
----------------
The International Action Center condemns the U.S. attacks of October 26 in Syria and Pakistan .
Eight Syrian civilians died in the latest U.S. attack , including three children .
Washington first refused to admit a U.S. role in the attack .
Then the U.S. State Department defended it as a new and provocative strategy – the U.S. military forces can attack across any border of any country whenever they think it might give them a military advantage .
As U.S. Special Forces moved into Syria , a U.S. drone aircraft flew from Afghanistan into Pakistan and killed 20 Pakistanis .
The Pentagon is not only expanding its war drive , it is presenting this expansion as a dangerous new doctrine .
This is the arrogant behavior that led to the two current disastrous wars that more than 70 percent of people in this country — and 90 percent in the world oppose .
Throughout the world people and governments have greeted this war doctrine with the hostility it deserves .
Syria condemned the attack as “ terrorist aggression ” .
Russia , China and Iran condemned the attack for violating Syrian sovereignty .
Even U.S. client states and allies had to dissociate themselves from the attack .
This included the pro-U.S. Prime Minister Fouad Siniora of Lebanon , the U.S. client regime in Egypt , the Arab League and the rightist French government of Sarkozy .
Even the puppet Iraqi regime has criticized the attack .
Faced with such broad opposition abroad , the Pentagon tried to build support at home by claiming it had killed an alleged al - Qaeda in Iraq agent .
While there is no way to independently check this information , it is interesting that al - Qaeda sources say the person named has been dead since 2004 .
Since we ’ve heard nothing but lies out of Washington since “ weapons of mass destruction , ” there ’s no reason to believe these new “ terrorist ” stories from the White House .
To the Pentagon every peasant family in Syria and every wedding party in Pakistan are considered “ terrorist ” gatherings .
This new aggression raises the danger that Bush , Cheney and the rest of the gang of war profiteers will try to use their last months in office to start a new war — perhaps against Iran .
They were frustrated a year ago in this effort when 16 U.S. spy agencies publicly exposed the lack of evidence that Iran was manufacturing nuclear weapons , Washington ’s favorite excuse for new aggression .
With the cooperation of both political parties and the media , from 2001 to 2003 Bush led the U.S. into two major wars of aggression and occupation , in Iraq and Afghanistan .
These wars have caused hundreds of thousands of deaths , cost over a trillion dollars and turned into quagmires for the Pentagon .
While they have isolated Bush , he still has three months to cause far greater destruction .
And neither of the major presidential candidates is confronting and condemning the invasion of Syria or the attacks on Pakistan .
This is a time when the global economy is in crisis .
Millions face unemployment , the loss of their homes , savings and futures .
Under these circumstances , it is up to independent anti-war forces to protest this latest example of blatant U.S. military aggression , to mobilize to condemn the invasion of Syria , the attacks on Pakistan and to demand : “ bring the troops home now and stop further war adventures .
We need jobs , housing and health care , not endless war . ”
Make your opposition heard NOW !
Sign the online petition and send a strong , clear message to the White House , Congress , the media and the UN .
You can sign online at http://www.iacenter.org/
syriapakistan
Make an immediate donation to help circulating immediate anti-war material in an urgent national campaign .
Donate at http://iacenter.org/donate.
October 30 , 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e2010535c3eddb970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Oppose US War on Syria and Pakistan :
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed .
“ The average Joe Surgeon , civilian or military , has never seen this stuff , ” Dr. Lounsbury said .
“ Yeah , they ’ve seen guys shot in the chest .
But the kind of ferocious blast , burn and penetrating trauma that ’s part of the modern I.E.D. wound is like nothing they ’ve seen , even in a Manhattan emergency room .
It ’s a shocking , heart - stopping , eye - opening kind of thing .
And they need to see this on the plane before they get there , because there ’s a learning curve to this . ”
The pictures of wounded children include some of a 5 - year - old shot in a vehicle trying to run through a checkpoint .
Other pictures show wounds riddled with dirt , genitals severed by a roadside bomb , a rib  presumably that of a suicide bomber  driven deep into a soldier ’s body , and the tail of an unexploded rocket protruding from a soldier ’s hip .
There are moments that reflect the desperation in the invaded country : an Afghan in the jaw - locked rictus of tetanus after home - treating a foot blown off by a landmine .
And moments that reflect the modern American army : a soldier with unexplained pelvic pain that turns out to be a life - threatening ectopic pregnancy .
The book was created to teach techniques that surgeons adopted , abandoning old habits .
For example , they no longer pump saline into a patient with massive trauma to try to get the blood pressure back up to 120 .
“ You do that , you end up with a highly diluted , cold patient with no clotting factors , and the high pressure restarts bleeding , ” Dr. Lounsbury said .
Instead , they try to bring it up to just 80 or 90 with red cells and extra platelets , which encourage clotting .
Image UNDER KEVLAR
Life - threatening injuries can occur even when armor and helmets prevent penetration .
Credit ... From “ War and Surgery in Afghanistan and Iraq ”
Also , initial surgery even on a severely wounded patient may be brief  just enough to control hemorrhaging and prevent contamination by a torn bowel .
Then the patient is returned to intensive care to warm up , raise the blood pressure and restore the electrolyte balance .
The next operation is usually just enough to stabilize the patient for transport to a more sophisticated hospital , perhaps in Baghdad or Kabul , in Germany or the United States .
The book describes a surgeon who erred fatally by trying to do too much  a four - hour operation on a soldier who had lost a leg to a roadside bomb .
The effort drained the forward hospital ’s blood bank , and the patient died on the helicopter to the next hospital .
Why Do Players Get Different Bonuses at the Same Casino ?
Do n’t take it personally if you realize that you get different …
Continue Reading →
It might strike you as problematic that a regulator be sought after by big business .
But to the Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) , it was just a testament to their customer service .
To get under OTS ’ wing , all a company had to do was buy a small savings and loan .
That ’s what AIG did nine years ago .
As ProPublica reported earlier this month , the OTS official who led the unit that oversaw AIG now says that he missed the possible impact of AIG ’s dealing in credit - default swaps .
Those swaps eventually sank the company .
This weekend , the Washington Posttook a hard look at OTS and how it did in its core responsibility : overseeing S&Ls that focus on mortgage lending .
Given the roster of major players it oversaw ( Washington Mutual , Countrywide , IndyMac , Downey Financial ) , you can guess the Post ’s conclusion .
It ’s an eye - opening account of how a regulator that referred to the banks it oversaw as " customers " aimed to allow them to " operate with a wide breadth of freedom from regulatory intrusion . "
Perhaps the most vivid demonstration of the deregulation - happy philosophy at OTS is the photo above from 2003 ; the heads of OTS and the FDIC pose along with banking industry representatives .
Then - OTS chief James Gilleran is the one with the chainsaw .
One episode in particular demonstrates OTS ’ shortcomings .
In late 2005 , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) , one of the four main federal regulators of banks , made a move to crack down on reckless subprime lending .
It was a simple and commonsensical idea : Mortgage lenders should make sure that borrowers could afford their monthly payments on adjustable - rate loans after the rate reset from its lower teaser level .
OCC wanted the regulators to issue a joint proposal .
OTS head John Reich pushed back , arguing that the thrifts had " demonstrated that they have the know - how to manage these products through all kinds of economic cycles . "
So for months , the proposal went nowhere , languishing " until September 2006 , " reports the Post , " when it was swiftly finalized after a congressional committee began making inquiries . "
OTS ’ deregulatory approach proved so attractive that companies essentially regulator - shopped .
AIG was n’t alone among major international companies that made the move to OTS .
Besides AIG , other companies with thrifts under the OTS include General Motors , General Electric and some parts of the investment banks Merrill Lynch , Lehman Bros. and Morgan Stanley .
In 2006 , Countrywide reorganized itself as a thrift , trading the OCC for the OTS as its regulator .
The reason , a former Countrywide exec tells the Post , was that the OTS would be " more lenient . "
An example : The OCC and the Fed prevented large banks ’ loan officers from being involved in selecting property appraisers .
Such involvement might prevent an honest , accurate appraisal .
" But the OTS sold themselves on having a more liberal interpretation of [ the restriction ] , " the executive said .
ACORN ad targets GOP voter suppression Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday October 29 , 2008
Print This Email This
The voter - rights group ACORN has a new advertisement accusing John McCain and Republicans of pursuing voter intimidation tactics aimed at keeping African American voters away from the polls .
Republicans have made attacking ACORN a focus of their talking points in recent days , accusing the group of perpetrating voter fraud and highlight examples of incorrect voter registration forms the group had gathered .
In a new ad the group says will air on cable , it says the tactics will not work .
 Senator McCain needs to instruct his operatives and supporters to cease and desist .
Nothing is more important to the fabric of our democracy than protecting the rights of American voters , " said Steve Kest , Executive Director of ACORN .
" Senator McCain should instead join us in trying to make it easier for voters to exercise their rights , by calling for measures such as extending early voting hours , to facilitate the greatest possible participation in this historic election . "
The ad features a photo of a young black man morphing into an older face .
" It happened to him in 1960 , in 1965 and again in 2000 .
He was intimidated so he wouldnt vote , " a narrator says .
" This year , they re at it again . "
The group also has filed two lawsuits in New Mexico , charging local Republicans with attempting to intimidate legitimate voters , the group said in a press release , which highlighted allegations from across the country .
The Republican Party and its operatives have employed an astonishing variety of voter suppression and intimidation strategies in recent weeks :
· In Philadelphia , fliers were distributed in a predominantly African American neighborhood which suggested that people with legal troubles or unpaid traffic violations will be arrested by undercover cops when they show up to vote .
· In Hamilton County , Ohio , Prosecutor Joe Deters  who is also the local chair of the McCain - Palin campaign  requested via subpoena personal information for 40 % of voters who participated in same - day registration .
· In California , a joint committee of the McCain - Palin campaign , the RNC and the California Republican Party , hired Lincoln Strategy in June for the purpose of registering voters .
The managing partner of Lincoln Strategy , Nathan Sproul , is a renowned GOP operative who has been investigated on multiple occasions for trying to suppress Democratic voter turnout .
· In Montgomery County , Virginia , a registrar issued a memo giving incorrect and intimidating information to students at Virginia Tech University about the consequences of registering to vote , including possible loss of financial aid and tax dependence status .
· In Ontario , California , the owner of a firm that the California Republican Party hired to register tens of thousands of voters was arrested on suspicion of voter registration fraud after dozens of voters reported that the firm tricked them into registering with the GOP by asking them to sign a petition they believed to be aimed at toughening penalties against child molesters .
The Republican National Committee dismissed the accusations , accusing ACORN of being a " quasi - criminal organization , " according to the New York Times .
 Acorns most recent charges of voter suppression seem to be yet another attempt by this questionable organization to waste valuable taxpayer money and cloud their own record of voter registration fraud ,  Mr. Cairncross said .
 Just as a losing Kerry campaign election manual in 2004 urged activists to lodge a pre-emptive strike claiming voter intimidation regardless of validity , Acorn is taking a page straight from the Democrats playbook . 
The group 's 30 - second ad was posted on YouTube in advance of its national television buy .
GOP -ers are complaining that McCain is n’t doing more to help them avoid losses .
Some want him to back off .
GOP - ers say McCain makes bids tougher
With less than a week to go until Election Day , some congressional Republicans are complaining that John McCain is n’t doing more to help them avoid massive losses .
Others are just hoping that he stays the heck away .
In an interview with Politico , Republican Rep. Mario Diaz - Balart , locked in a tough reelection fight in South Florida , complained about Barack Obama ’s constant , unanswered attacks against McCain on Spanish - language radio and TV in the Miami media market .
Advertisement
“ It shows up in the polls , ” Diaz - Balart said .
“ It ’s having an impact . ”
But does that slide hurt Diaz - Balart ’s own reelection efforts ?
“ It clearly does , ” he said .
One Republican operative in Florida estimates Obama has been spending about $ 100,000 a day on Spanish - language television in the Miami area alone .
The Democrat even signs off on his campaign ads in Spanish — “ Soy Barack Obama y yo apruebo este mensaje . "
Although McCain put in a plug for Diaz - Balart and his brother , Rep. Lincoln Diaz - Balart ( R - Fla . ) , during an appearance on Miami - based Radio Mambi Wednesday , he ’s had virtually no advertising presence on Spanish - language stations in the area .
On a conference call Tuesday , National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Tom Cole ( R - Okla . ) told his colleagues that their political fortunes may turn on McCain ’s ability to chip away at Obama ’s lead , according to a participant on the call .
Cole expressed confidence that McCain would gain ground , the participant said .
A McCain victory would be better still , but few — if any — congressional Republicans are expecting that .
" All we need from McCain is to not completely implode , " one House Republican said last week .
This lawmaker , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to be more candid , predicted that “ there is about a 15 percent chance that [ McCain ] can win at this point — and Obama would have to do something stupid . ”
A Senate GOP leadership aide told Politico that McCain “ is not bringing anything ” to Senate races .
“ There ’s just not any coordination , ” the aide said .
“ You just have to go back and have a race where you focus on local issues and your state . ”
Added a top Washington - based Republican Senate campaign operative : “ McCain is not a net negative , but a lot of our [ Republican ] candidates just want to separate the Senate election from the presidential now . ”
Case in point : Republican Sen. Elizabeth Dole .
Dole is trailing her Democratic challenger in North Carolina , a state where McCain is running neck - and - neck with Barack Obama .
But Dole , who has said publicly that McCain is “ underperforming ” in the state , has passed up more than one opportunity to campaign with him there — the latest coming on Tuesday , when Dole skipped a McCain rally in Fayetteville to press on with a previously scheduled bus tour of her own .
In an interview with MSNBC ’s Andrea Mitchell on Monday , National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Ensign ( R - Nev. ) said “ there ’s no question the top of the ticket is affecting our Senate races , and it ’s making it a lot more difficult . ”
McCain is outpolling Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in Kentucky ; McCain holds a double - digit lead over Obama , while McConnell faces a tighter race against Democrat Bruce Lunsford .
But McConnell has run an intensely local race — highlighting the federal dollars he ’s brought home to Kentucky rather than his connections to President Bush or the Washington Republicans he leads .
Aside from a fundraiser in the spring , McConnell has n’t done any events with McCain .
To be sure , McCain has n’t spent much time in Kentucky ; it ’s not a state where he needs to campaign to win .
And McConnell has been more passive than aggressive in distancing himself from his party ’s presidential nominee .
Sens. Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) and Norm Coleman ( R - Minn . ) have done more , telling the McCain campaign that its negative robocalls were not helping in their heavily Democratic home states .
In Oregon , Republican Sen. Gordon Smith has gone so far as to run TV spots linking himself to Obama .
Because Oregon is a foregone conclusion for Obama , there ’s been no campaigning from McCain there , no McCain ads and no in - person McCain fundraising .
Smith is n’t complaining .
“ Our campaign has focused on his ability to cross the aisle in a toxic environment , ” says Lindsay Gilbride , Smith ’s campaign spokeswoman .
“ We ’re really running a campaign focusing on local issues . ”
In the red state of Nebraska , Republican Rep. Lee Terry is on his heels because Obama ’s ground operation is working overtime to steal a single electoral vote from the congressman ’s backyard in Omaha .
In Ohio , a perpetual battleground state , Obama 's strength outside Columbus threatens Rep .
Pat Tiberi , a typically safe incumbent who is feeling the heat this fall , according to two lawmakers familiar with his plight .
The GOP lawmaker who ’s hoping against a McCain implosion said the Republicans ’ presidential candidate “ can still help with the base . ”
And he acknowledged that , “ the better McCain does , the more seats we pick up . ”
The McCain campaign did not respond to a request for comment , but a spokesman for the NRSC insisted that the candidate can still help in some cases .
“ McCain is more of a positive on the race for Republicans than Obama is for Democrats running in red states , ” NRSC press secretary John Randall said .
“ In these tough economic times , Republican candidates are focusing on local issues and what they have done for their constituents . ”
And there ’s at least one GOP candidate — albeit a challenger — who seems happy to grab at McCain ’s coattails .
John Kennedy , aiming to knock off Democratic Sen. Mary L. Landrieu in Louisiana , signs off his ads by saying , “ I endorse John McCain , and I approve this message . ”
McCain holds a double - digit lead in Louisiana — roughly the same margin by which Kennedy trails Landrieu .
Serve Your Country , Lose Your House
Created : November 18 , 2008 08:40 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
All during the presidential campaign , candidates of both parties practically tripped over themselves declaring their support for America ’s veterans and vowing to do all they could to support them .
But I never heard either President - elect Obama or Sen .
John McCain talk about the devastating financial problems that face some of the newest returning veterans , who find themselves readjusting to life , recovering from injuries – and facing foreclosure , the New York Times says .
From the Times :
While few Americans are sheltered from the jolt of the recent economic crisis , the nation ’s newest veterans , particularly the wounded , are being hit especially hard .
The triple - whammy of injury , unemployment and waiting for disability claims to be processed has forced many veterans into foreclosure , or sent them teetering on its edge , according to veterans ’ organizations .
This sad situation also is the inevitable result of the targeting by subprime lenders of military families .
Bloomberg reported last spring that foreclosures in towns near military bases were four times higher than the national average .
Until a recent crackdown , payday lenders regularly clustered around military bases .
Soldiers and their families were subprime targets because they moved often , they had modest salaries , and some had little financial experience .
Michelle Obama has said she ’ll use her role as First Lady to highlight the problems of military families .
It ’s about time the financial stress they face , and their vulnerable position as sitting ducks for the subprime lending industry , gets the attention it deserves .
Because 23 days out from Election Day , I 'm sure John McCain always planned on being significantly behind in the national polls and having to play defense in states like Virginia , North Carolina , West Virginia , etc. Riiight ...
At least he can always count on Drudge , Bill Kristol and Mark Halperin to carry his water .
“ The national media has written us off .
Sen . Obama is measuring the drapes and planning with Speaker Pelosi and Sen .
Reid to raise taxes , increase spending , take away your right to vote by secret ballot in labor elections and concede defeat in Iraq .
But they forgot to let you decide .
My friends , we ’ve got them just where we want them . ”
If John McCain were Microsoft Windows , I think we 're officially up to the Vista launch .
Politico asks : Reset Button or panic button ?
I 'd wager the latter .
As always , the Obama camp tells it like it is :
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - A new study hints that young children who are exposed to general anesthesia may be put at significantly increased risk of having behavior problems or language or other “ developmental ” problems .
These findings , reported today at the American Society of Anesthesiologists annual meeting , are “ provocative but preliminary and I do n’t think they should cause undue alarm at this time , ” Dr. Lena Sun told Reuters Health .
“ Parents should not keep their children from having necessary surgery because of this concern , ” advised Sun , from Columbia University , New York , who was involved in the study .
Sun and colleagues studied a group of children born between 1999 and 2000 and covered by the New York State Medicaid program , and identified 625 children younger than age 3 years who were given general anesthesia for hernia surgery .
When compared to a random sample of 5,000 age - matched children with no history of anesthesia , the anesthesia - exposed children were about twice as likely to be subsequently diagnosed with a developmental or behavior disorder .
Specifically , 30 anesthesia - exposed children ( 4.8 percent ) were diagnosed with developmental and behavior disorders during follow up , compared with 75 unexposed children ( 1.5 percent ) .
Sun emphasized that anesthesia - exposed children may have had other issues that predisposed them to developmental and behavior problems “ or indeed the exposure to anesthesia may be an issue that needs to be a concern . ”
Sun did say that the excess risk of developmental and behavior disorders in the anesthesia - exposed children cannot be completely explained by health factors like infection , or premature birth or low birth weight , or by demographic factors .
Still , Sun cautions that “ this is not something we should act on at the moment .
This study basically suggests that we really need to do a more rigorous study to look at this question , which actually our group is in the process of doing . ”
Posted on October 31 , 2008 in Uncategorized
It just keeps pouring in [ via NYTimes ] :
A growing number of voters have concluded that Senator John McCain ’s running mate , Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska , is not qualified to be vice president , weighing down the Republican ticket in the last days of the campaign , according to the latest New York Times / CBS News poll .
All told , 59 percent of voters surveyed said Ms. Palin was not prepared for the job , up nine percentage points since the beginning of the month .
Nearly a third of voters polled said the vice - presidential selection would be a major factor influencing their vote for president , and those voters broadly favor Senator Barack Obama , the Democratic nominee .
And in a possible indication that the choice of Ms. Palin has hurt Mr. McCain ’s image , voters said they had much more confidence in Mr. Obama to pick qualified people for his administration than they did in Mr. McCain …
The increase in the number of voters who said Ms. Palin was not prepared was driven almost entirely by Republicans and independents ..
Over all , views of Ms. Palin were apparently shaped more by ideology and party than by gender .
Ms. Palin was viewed as unprepared for the job by about 6 in 10 men and women alike .
But 8 in 10 Democrats viewed her as unprepared , as well as more than 6 in 10 independents and 3 in 10 Republicans .
TO THOSE WHO ARE INVESTIGATING " MORMONISM "
By RICHARD PACKHAM
Revisions as of June 15 , 2011
If you are investigating Mormonism ( the " Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints " or " LDS Church " ) , you are probably studying it in private meetings in your home with missionaries from that church .
Here are some of the key things that they are probably telling you :
Mormonism began in 1820 when a teen - aged boy in western New York named Joseph Smith was spurred by a Christian revival where he lived to pray to God for guidance as to which church was true .
In answer to his prayers he was visited by God the Father and God the Son , two separate beings , who told him to join no church because all the churches at that time were false , and that he , Joseph , would bring forth the true church .
This event is called " The First Vision . "
In 1823 Joseph had another heavenly visitation , in which an angel named Moroni told him of a sacred history written by ancient Hebrews in America , engraved in an Egyptian dialect on tablets of gold and buried in a nearby hill .
Joseph was told it was the history of the ancient peoples of America , and that Joseph would be the instrument for bringing this record to the knowledge of the world .
Joseph obtained these gold plates from the angel in 1827 , and translated them into English by the spirit of God and the use of a sacred instrument accompanying the plates called the " Urim and Thummim . "
The translation was published in 1830 as The Book of Mormon , now revered by Mormons as scripture , along with the Bible .
, now revered by Mormons as scripture , along with the Bible .
The Book of Mormon is a religious and secular history of the inhabitants of the Western Hemisphere from about 2200 BC to about 421 AD .
It tells the reader that three groups of immigrants settled the uninhabited Americas .
They were led by God from their original homes in the Near East to America .
The first group came from the Tower of Babel , about 2200 BC , and two other groups came from Jerusalem just before the Babylonian Captivity , about 600 BC .
They had prophets of God who had been inspired with the gospel of Jesus Christ , which is thus preserved in their history , the Book of Mormon .
Many of the descendants of these immigrants were Christians , even before Christ was born in Palestine , but many were unbelievers .
Believers and unbelievers fought many wars , the last of which left only degenerate unbelievers as survivors , who are the ancestors of the American Indians .
The most important event during this long history was the visit of Jesus Christ to America , after his crucifixion , when he ministered to ( and converted ) all the inhabitants .
is a religious and secular history of the inhabitants of the Western Hemisphere from about 2200 BC to about 421 AD .
It tells the reader that three groups of immigrants settled the uninhabited Americas .
They were led by God from their original homes in the Near East to America .
The first group came from the Tower of Babel , about 2200 BC , and two other groups came from Jerusalem just before the Babylonian Captivity , about 600 BC .
They had prophets of God who had been inspired with the gospel of Jesus Christ , which is thus preserved in their history , the .
Many of the descendants of these immigrants were Christians , even before Christ was born in Palestine , but many were unbelievers .
Believers and unbelievers fought many wars , the last of which left only degenerate unbelievers as survivors , who are the ancestors of the American Indians .
The most important event during this long history was the visit of Jesus Christ to America , after his crucifixion , when he ministered to ( and converted ) all the inhabitants .
Joseph Smith was directed by revelation from God to reestablish ( " restore " ) the true church , which he did in 1830 .
He was visited several times by heavenly messengers , who ordained him to the true priesthood .
He continued to have revelations from God to guide the church and to give more knowledge of the Gospel .
Many of these revelations are published in the Doctrine and Covenants , accepted by Mormons as scripture , along with the Bible and the Book of Mormon .
, accepted by Mormons as scripture , along with the Bible and the .
Joseph Smith and his followers were continually persecuted for their religious beliefs , and driven from New York State to Ohio , then to Missouri , then to Illinois , where Joseph Smith was murdered in 1844 by a mob , a martyr to his beliefs .
The church was then led by Brigham Young , Joseph 's successor , to Utah , where the Mormons settled successfully .
The LDS church is led today by the successors of Joseph Smith .
The present president of the church is a " prophet , seer and revelator " just as Joseph Smith was , and guides the members of the church through revelations and guidance from God .
The modern LDS church is the only true church , as restored by God through Joseph Smith .
Other churches , derived from the early Christian church , are in apostasy because their leaders corrupted the scriptures , changed the ordinances of the original church , and often led corrupt lives , thus losing their authority .
The most reliable way to determine whether the Book of Mormon is true , and whether the Mormon church is " the only true church " is by sincerely asking God in prayer .
is true , and whether the Mormon church is " the only true church " is by sincerely asking God in prayer .
By accepting baptism into the LDS church you take the first step necessary toward your salvation and your ultimate entrance into the Kingdom of Heaven ( the " Celestial Kingdom " ) .
WHAT THE MISSIONARIES WILL NOT TELL YOU
Until recently , the missionaries were required to present Mormonism in six " discussions " , which were a series of memorized sales talks .
They are now encouraged simply to " follow the spirit " in their presentations .
The basic message and approach , however , is still essentially the same .
A thorough , thoughtful and balanced discussion of each of the six " official " lessons as the missionaries formerly presented them to investigators is at http://www.lds4u.com ( archived ) , together with the techniques and strategies which the missionaries are instructed to use .
( The actual texts of the discussions were also on this site at one time , but the Mormon church threatened the webmaster with a lawsuit , and he removed them ; click on " next " at each window to read a summary and commentary . )
Here is a summary of important facts about the Mormon church , its doctrine , and its history that the missionaries will probably not tell you .
We are not suggesting that they are intentionally deceiving you -- most of the young Mormons serving missions for the church are not well educated in the history of the church or in modern critical studies of the church .
They probably do not know all the facts themselves .
They have been trained , however , to give investigators " milk before meat , " that is , to postpone revealing anything at all that might make an investigator hesitant , even if it is true .
But you should be aware of these facts before you commit yourself .
Each of the following facts has been substantiated by thorough historical scholarship .
And this list is by no means exhaustive !
For links to articles substantiating each of these points , CLICK on the word NOTES following the item .
The " First Vision " story in the form presented to you was unknown until 1838 , eighteen years after its alleged occurrence and almost ten years after Smith had begun his missionary efforts .
The oldest ( but quite different ) version of the vision is in Smith 's own handwriting , dating from about 1832 ( still at least eleven years afterwards ) , and says that only one personage , Jesus Christ , appeared to him .
It also mentions nothing about a revival .
It also contradicts the later account as to whether Smith had already decided that no church was true .
Still a third version of this event is recorded as a recollection in Smith 's diary , fifteen years after the alleged vision , where one unidentified " personage " appeared , then another , with a message implying that neither was the Son .
They were accompanied by many " angels , " which are not mentioned in the official version you have been told about .
Which version is correct , if any ?
Why was this event , now said by the church to be so important , unknown for so long ?
NOTES
personage , Jesus Christ , appeared to him .
It also mentions nothing about a revival .
It also contradicts the later account as to whether Smith had already decided that no church was true .
Still a third version of this event is recorded as a recollection in Smith 's diary , fifteen years after the alleged vision , where one unidentified " personage " appeared , then another , with a message implying that neither was the Son .
They were accompanied by many " angels , " which are not mentioned in the official version you have been told about .
Which version is correct , if any ?
Why was this event , now said by the church to be so important , unknown for so long ?
NOTES
Careful study of the religious history of the locale where Smith lived in 1820 casts doubt on whether there actually was such an extensive revival that year as Smith and his family later described as associated with the " First Vision . "
The revivals in 1817 and 1824 better fit what Smith described later .
NOTES
In 1828 , eight years after he supposedly had been told by God himself to join no church , Smith applied for membership in a local Methodist church .
Other members of his family had joined the Presbyterians .
NOTES
Contemporaries of Smith consistently described him as something of a confidence man , whose chief source of income was hiring out to local farmers to help them find buried treasure by the use of folk magic and " seer stones . "
Smith was actually tried in 1826 on a charge of moneydigging .
NOTES
It is interesting that none of his critics seemed to be aware of his claim to have been visited by God in 1820 , even though in his 1838 account he claimed that he had suffered " great persecution " for telling people of his vision .
The only persons who claimed to have actually seen the gold plates were eleven close friends of Smith ( many of them related to each other ) .
Their testimonies are printed in the front of every copy of the Book of Mormon .
No disinterested third party was ever allowed to examine them .
They were retrieved by the angel at some unrecorded point .
Most of the witnesses later abandoned Smith and left his movement .
Smith then called them " liars . "
NOTES
.
No disinterested third party was ever allowed to examine them .
They were retrieved by the angel at some unrecorded point .
Most of the witnesses later abandoned Smith and left his movement .
Smith then called them " liars . "
NOTES Smith produced most of the " translation " not by reading the plates through the Urim and Thummim ( described as a pair of sacred spectacles ) , but by gazing at the same " seer stone " he had used for treasure hunting .
He would place the stone into his hat , and then cover his face with it .
For much of the time he was dictating , the gold plates were not even present , but in a hiding place .
NOTES
The detailed history and civilization described in the Book of Mormon does not correspond to anything found by archaeologists anywhere in the Americas .
The Book of Mormon describes a civilization lasting for a thousand years , covering both North and South America , which was familiar with horses , elephants , cattle , sheep , wheat , barley , steel , wheeled vehicles , shipbuilding , sails , coins , and other elements of Old World culture .
But no trace of any of these supposedly very common things has ever been found in the Americas of that period .
Nor does the Book of Mormon mention many of the features of the civilizations which really did exist at that time in the Americas .
The LDS church has spent millions of dollars over many years trying to prove through archaeological research that the Book of Mormon is an accurate historical record , but they have failed to produce any convincing pre-columbian archeological evidence supporting the Book of Mormon story .
In addition , whereas the Book of Mormon presents the picture of a relatively homogeneous people , with a single language and communication between distant parts of the Americas , the pre-columbian history of the Americas shows the opposite : widely disparate racial types ( almost entirely east Asian - definitely not Semitic , as proven by recent DNA studies ) , and many unrelated native languages , none of which are even remotely related to Hebrew or Egyptian .
NOTES
does not correspond to anything found by archaeologists anywhere in the Americas .
The describes a civilization lasting for a thousand years , covering both North and South America , which was familiar with horses , elephants , cattle , sheep , wheat , barley , steel , wheeled vehicles , shipbuilding , sails , coins , and other elements of Old World culture .
But no trace of any of these supposedly very common things has ever been found in the Americas of that period .
Nor does the mention many of the features of the civilizations which really did exist at that time in the Americas .
The LDS church has spent millions of dollars over many years trying to prove through archaeological research that the is an accurate historical record , but they have failed to produce any convincing pre-columbian archeological evidence supporting the story .
In addition , whereas the presents the picture of a relatively homogeneous people , with a single language and communication between distant parts of the Americas , the pre-columbian history of the Americas shows the opposite : widely disparate racial types ( almost entirely east Asian - definitely not Semitic , as proven by recent DNA studies ) , and many unrelated native languages , none of which are even remotely related to Hebrew or Egyptian .
NOTES
The people of the Book of Mormon were supposedly devout Jews observing the Law of Moses , but in the Book of Mormon there is almost no trace of their observance of Mosaic law or even an accurate knowledge of it .
NOTES
were supposedly devout Jews observing the Law of Moses , but in the there is almost no trace of their observance of Mosaic law or even an accurate knowledge of it .
NOTES Although Joseph Smith said that God had pronounced the completed translation of the plates as published in 1830 " correct , " many changes have been made in later editions .
Besides thousands of corrections of poor grammar and awkward wording in the 1830 edition , other changes have been made to reflect subsequent changes in some of the fundamental doctrine of the church .
For example , an early change in wording modified the 1830 edition 's acceptance of the doctrine of the Trinity , thus allowing Smith to introduce his later doctrine of multiple gods .
A more recent change ( 1981 ) replaced " white " with " pure , " apparently to reflect the change in the church 's stance on the " curse " of the black race .
NOTES
Joseph Smith said that the Book of Mormon contained the " fulness of the gospel . "
However , its teaching on many doctrinal subjects has been ignored or contradicted by the present LDS church , and many doctrines now said by the church to be essential are not even mentioned there .
Examples are the church 's position on the nature of God , the Virgin Birth , the Trinity , polygamy , Hell , priesthood , secret organizations , the nature of Heaven and salvation , temples , proxy ordinances for the dead , and many other matters .
NOTES
contained the " fulness of the gospel . "
However , its teaching on many doctrinal subjects has been ignored or contradicted by the present LDS church , and many doctrines now said by the church to be essential are not even mentioned there .
Examples are the church 's position on the nature of God , the Virgin Birth , the Trinity , polygamy , Hell , priesthood , secret organizations , the nature of Heaven and salvation , temples , proxy ordinances for the dead , and many other matters .
NOTES
Many of the basic historical notions found in the Book of Mormon had appeared in print already in 1825 , just two years before Smith began producing the Book of Mormon , in a book called View of the Hebrews , by Ethan Smith ( no relation ) and published just a few miles from where Joseph Smith lived .
A careful study of this obscure book led one LDS church official ( the historian B. H. Roberts , 1857 - 1933 ) to confess that the evidence tended to show that the Book of Mormon was not an ancient record , but concocted by Joseph Smith himself , based on ideas he had read in the earlier book .
NOTES
, in a book called , by Ethan Smith ( no relation ) and published just a few miles from where Joseph Smith lived .
A careful study of this obscure book led one LDS church official ( the historian B. H. Roberts , 1857 - 1933 ) to confess that the evidence tended to show that the was not an ancient record , but concocted by Joseph Smith himself , based on ideas he had read in the earlier book .
NOTES Although Mormons claim that God is guiding the LDS church through its president ( who has the title " prophet , seer and revelator " ) , the successive " prophets " have repeatedly either led the church into undertakings that were dismal failures or failed to see approaching disaster .
To mention only a few : the Kirtland Bank , the United Order , the gathering of Zion to Missouri , the Zion 's Camp expedition , polygamy , the Deseret Alphabet NOTES .
A recent example is the successful hoax perpetrated on the church by manuscript dealer Mark Hofmann in the 1980s .
He succeeded in selling the church thousands of dollars worth of manuscripts which he had forged .
The church and its " prophet , seer and revelator " accepted them as genuine historical documents .
The church leaders learned the truth not from God , through revelation , but from non-Mormon experts and the police , after Hofmann was arrested for two murders he committed to cover up his hoax .
This scandal was reported nationwide .
NOTES
The secret temple ritual ( the " endowment " ) was introduced by Smith in May , 1842 , just two months after he had been initiated into Freemasonry .
The LDS temple ritual closely resembles the Masonic ritual of that day .
NOTES Smith explained that the Masons had corrupted the ancient ( God - given ) ritual by changing it and removing parts of it , and that he was restoring it to its " pure " and " original " ( and complete ) form , as revealed to him by God .
In the years since , the LDS church has made many fundamental changes in the " pure and original " ritual as " restored " by Smith , mostly by removing major parts of it .
NOTES
Many doctrines which were once taught by the LDS church , and held to be fundamental , essential and " eternal " , have been abandoned .
Whether we feel that the church was correct in abandoning them is not the point ; rather , the point is that a church claiming to be the church of God takes one " everlasting " position at one time and the opposite position at another , all the time claiming to be proclaiming the word of God .
Some examples are :
- The Adam - God doctrine ( Adam is God the Father ) ; NOTES
- the United Order ( all property of church members is to be held in common , with title in the church ) ;
- Plural Marriage ( polygamy ; a man must have more than one wife to attain the highest degree of heaven ) ; NOTES
- the Curse of Cain ( the black race is not entitled to hold God 's priesthood because it is cursed ; this doctrine was not abandoned until 1978 ) ; NOTES
- Blood Atonement ( some sins - apostasy , adultery , murder , interracial marriage - must be atoned for by the shedding of the sinner 's blood , preferably by someone appointed to do so by church authorities ) ; NOTES
All of these doctrines were proclaimed by the reigning prophet to be the Word of God , " eternal , " " everlasting , " to govern the church " forevermore . "
All have been abandoned by the present church .
- The Adam - God doctrine ( Adam is God the Father ) ; NOTES - the United Order ( all property of church members is to be held in common , with title in the church ) ; - Plural Marriage ( polygamy ; a man must have more than one wife to attain the highest degree of heaven ) ; NOTES - the Curse of Cain ( the black race is not entitled to hold God 's priesthood because it is cursed ; this doctrine was not abandoned until 1978 ) ; NOTES - Blood Atonement ( some sins - apostasy , adultery , murder , interracial marriage - must be atoned for by the shedding of the sinner 's blood , preferably by someone appointed to do so by church authorities ) ; NOTES
All of these doctrines were proclaimed by the reigning prophet to be the Word of God , " eternal , " " everlasting , " to govern the church " forevermore . "
All have been abandoned by the present church .
Joseph Smith 's early revelations were collected and first published in 1833 in the Book of Commandments .
God ( as recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants Sections 1 and 67 ) supposedly testified by revelation that the revelations as published were true and correct .
Because the Book of Commandments did not receive wide distribution ( most copies were destroyed by angry opponents of the Mormons in Missouri , where it was published ) , they were republished - with additional revelations - as the Doctrine and Covenants in 1835 in Kirtland , Ohio .
However , many of the revelations as published in Kirtland differed fundamentally from their versions as originally given .
The changes generally gave more power and authority to Smith , and justified changes he was making in church organization and theology .
The question naturally arises as to why revelations which God had pronounced correct needed to be revised .
NOTES
. God ( as recorded in the Sections 1 and 67 ) supposedly testified by revelation that the revelations as published were true and correct .
Because the did not receive wide distribution ( most copies were destroyed by angry opponents of the Mormons in Missouri , where it was published ) , they were republished - with additional revelations - as the in 1835 in Kirtland , Ohio .
However , many of the revelations as published in Kirtland differed fundamentally from their versions as originally given .
The changes generally gave more power and authority to Smith , and justified changes he was making in church organization and theology .
The question naturally arises as to why revelations which God had pronounced correct needed to be revised .
NOTES Joseph Smith claimed to have received the priesthood ( the only valid priesthood recognized by God ) directly from resurrected beings ( angels ) : the Aaronic Priesthood from John the Baptist and the Mechizedek ( higher ) Priesthood from Peter , James and John .
However , the accounts of these visitations are contradictory and questionable .
NOTES
Joseph Smith claimed to be a " translator " by the power of God .
In addition to the Book of Mormon , he made several other " translations " :
- The Book of Abraham , from Egyptian papyrus scrolls which came into his possession in 1835 .
He stated that the scrolls were written by the biblical Abraham " by his own hand . "
Smith 's translation is now accepted as scripture by the LDS church , as part of its Pearl of Great Price .
Smith also produced an " Egyptian Grammar " based on his translation .
Modern scholars of ancient Egyptian agree that the scrolls are common Egyptian funeral scrolls , entirely pagan in nature , having nothing to do with Abraham , and from a period 2000 years later than Abraham .
The " Grammar " has been said by Egyptologists to prove that Smith had no notion of the Egyptian language .
It is pure fantasy : he made it up .
NOTES
- The " Inspired Revision " of the King James Bible .
Smith was commanded by God to retranslate the Bible because the existing translations contained errors .
He completed his translation in 1833 , but the church still uses the King James Version .
NOTES
- The " Kinderhook Plates , " a group of six metal plates with strange engraved characters , unearthed in 1843 near Kinderhook , Illinois , and examined by Smith , who began a " translation " of them .
He never completed the translation , but he identified the plates as an " ancient record , " and translated enough to identify the author as a descendant of Pharaoh .
Local farmers later confessed that they had manufactured , engraved and buried the plates themselves as a hoax .
They had apparently copied the characters from a Chinese tea box .
NOTES
, he made several other " translations " : - The , from Egyptian papyrus scrolls which came into his possession in 1835 .
He stated that the scrolls were written by the biblical Abraham " by his own hand . "
Smith 's translation is now accepted as scripture by the LDS church , as part of its .
Smith also produced an " Egyptian Grammar " based on his translation .
Modern scholars of ancient Egyptian agree that the scrolls are common Egyptian funeral scrolls , entirely pagan in nature , having nothing to do with Abraham , and from a period 2000 years later than Abraham .
The " Grammar " has been said by Egyptologists to prove that Smith had no notion of the Egyptian language .
It is : he made it up .
NOTES - The " Inspired Revision " of the King James Bible .
Smith was commanded by God to retranslate the Bible because the existing translations contained errors .
He completed his translation in 1833 , but the church still uses the King James Version .
NOTES - The " Kinderhook Plates , " a group of six metal plates with strange engraved characters , unearthed in 1843 near Kinderhook , Illinois , and examined by Smith , who began a " translation " of them .
He never completed the translation , but he identified the plates as an " ancient record , " and translated enough to identify the author as a descendant of Pharaoh .
Local farmers later confessed that they had manufactured , engraved and buried the plates themselves as a hoax .
They had apparently copied the characters from a Chinese tea box .
NOTES Joseph Smith claimed to be a " prophet . "
He frequently prophesied future events " by the power of God . "
Many of these prophecies are recorded in the LDS scripture Doctrine and Covenants .
Almost none have been fulfilled , and many cannot now be fulfilled because the deeds to be done by the persons named were never done and those persons are now dead .
Many prophecies included dates for their fulfillment , and those dates are now long past , the events never having occurred .
NOTES
.
Almost none have been fulfilled , and many cannot now be fulfilled because the deeds to be done by the persons named were never done and those persons are now dead .
Many prophecies included dates for their fulfillment , and those dates are now long past , the events never having occurred .
NOTES Joseph Smith died not as a martyr , but in a gun battle in which he fired a number of shots .
He was in jail at the time , under arrest for having ordered the destruction of a Nauvoo newspaper which dared to print an exposure ( which was true ) of his secret sexual liaisons .
At that time he had announced his candidacy for the presidency of the United States , set up a secret government , and secretly had himself crowned " King of the Kingdom of God . "
NOTES
Since the founding of the church down to the present day the church leaders have not hesitated to lie , to falsify documents , to rewrite or suppress history , or to do whatever is necessary to protect the image of the church .
Many Mormon historians have been excommunicated from the church for publishing their findings on the truth of Mormon history .
NOTES
Trying to determine the truth by relying entirely on the feelings one gets after praying is not a reliable way to learn the truth .
One can easily deceive oneself into " feeling " something that is really not true at all .
The only reliable way to get to the truth is to examine verifiable facts .
NOTES
Mormonism includes many other unusual teachings which you will probably not be told about until you have been in the church for a long time .
These teachings are not revealed to investigators or new converts because those people are not yet considered ready to have more than " milk " as doctrine .
The Mormons also probably realize that if investigators knew of these unusual teachings they would not join the church .
In addition to those mentioned elsewhere in this article , the following are noteworthy : NOTES
God was once a man like us .
God has a tangible body of flesh and bone .
God lives on a planet near the star Kolob .
God ( " Heavenly Father " ) has at least one wife , our " Mother in Heaven , " but she is so holy that we are not to discuss her nor pray to her .
Jesus was married .
We can become like God and rule over our own universe .
There are many gods , ruling over their own worlds .
Jesus and Satan ( " Lucifer " ) are brothers , and they are our brothers - we are all spirit children of Heavenly Father Jesus Christ was conceived by God the Father by having sex with Mary , who was temporarily his wife .
We should not pray to Jesus , nor try to feel a personal relationship with him .
The " Lord " ( " Jehovah " ) in the Old Testament is the being named Jesus in the New Testament , but different from " God the Father " ( " Elohim " ) .
In the highest degree of the celestial kingdom some men will have more than one wife .
Before coming to this earth we lived as spirits in a " pre-existence " , during which we were tested ; our position in this life ( whether born to Mormons or savages , or in America or Africa ) is our reward or punishment for our obedience in that life .
Dark skin is a curse from God , the result of our sin , or the sin of our ancestors .
If sufficiently righteous , a dark - skinned person will become light - skinned .
The Garden of Eden was in Missouri .
All humanity before the Great Flood lived in the western hemisphere .
The Ark transported Noah and the other survivors to the eastern hemisphere .
Not only will human beings be resurrected to eternal life , but also all animals - everything that has ever lived on earth - will be resurrected and dwell in heaven .
Christ will not return to earth in any year that has seen a rainbow .
Mormons should avoid traveling on water , since Satan rules the waters .
The sun receives its light from the star Kolob .
If a Gentile becomes Mormon , the Holy Ghost actually purges his Gentile blood and replaces it with Israelite blood .
A righteous Mormon will actually see the face of God in the Mormon temple .
You can identify a false angel by the color of his hair , or by offering to shake his hand .
YOUR LIFE AS A MORMON
If you should decide to become a member of the LDS church , you should be aware of what your life in the church will be like .
Although you will find yourself warmly accepted by a lively community of healthy , active and generally supportive people , many of whom are very happy in Mormonism and could not imagine their lives without it , there is another side :
You will be continually reminded that to enter the highest degree of heaven ( the " Celestial Kingdom " ) , you will have to go through the endowment ceremony in the temple and have your marriage to your Mormon spouse " sealed . "
( If your spouse is not Mormon , or if you are not married , you cannot enter the highest degree of heaven . )
To get permission to have these ceremonies performed in the temple , you must prove yourself to be a faithful and obedient member of the church and do everything commanded by the church authorities , from the Prophet down to the local level .
You will have to undergo a personal " worthiness " interview with the local church authorities inquiring into your private life and your religious and social activities .
NOTES
You will be expected to donate at least ten percent of your income to the church as tithing .
Other donations will be expected as the need arises .
You will never see an accounting of how this money is spent , or how much the church receives , or anything at all about its financial condition ; the church keeps its finances secret , even from its members .
NOTES
You will be expected to give up the use of alcohol , tobacco , coffee , and tea .
NOTES
You will be expected to fulfill any work assignment given to you .
These assignments may be teaching , record keeping , janitorial work , cannery or farm work , helping in the Sunday nursery - any job that needs to be done .
Each task you perform successfully will make you eligible for others , with more responsibility and more demands upon your time .
The members who perform these jobs , even those involving sensitive pastoral counseling , receive no formal training whatsoever ( there is no paid , trained clergy ) .
You will be told that God has called you to your assignments .
Many Mormons find much of their spare time taken up with church work , trying to fulfill the numerous assignments that have been given them .
You will be expected to be unquestioningly obedient to church authorities in whatever they might tell you to do .
" Follow the Brethren " is the slogan , and it means to follow without doubt or question .
Discussion of whether a decree from above is correct is discouraged .
You will be expected to have faith that the leaders cannot possibly lead you astray .
Even if they should tell you something which contradicts what a previous prophet may have said , you will be told " A living prophet takes precedence over a dead prophet . "
NOTES
You will be able to " vote " on those who have been called to positions of authority over you , but the voting will be by the show of hands in a public meeting .
Only one candidate for each office will be voted on ( the one " called by God " ) .
The voting is therefore almost always unanimous in favor of the candidate .
You will be advised not to read any material which is " not faith - promoting , " that is , which may be critical or questioning of the church or its leaders , or which might place the church or its leaders in an unfavorable light .
You will be advised not to associate with " apostates , " that is , former Mormons .
( You will be asked in your " worthiness " interview about this . )
NOTES
If you are unmarried , you will be encouraged to marry a good Mormon as soon as possible .
When you do marry , in a wedding ceremony in the temple , your non-Mormon family members and friends will not be allowed to attend the ceremony , because only " worthy " Mormons are allowed to enter the temple .
If you are homosexual , you will be pressured to abandon this " evil " aspect of your nature .
If you do not , you will probably not be fully accepted by other church members .
If you do not remain celibate , you may be excommunicated .
NOTES
If you are a male over 12 years of age and " worthy " ( that is , if you are obedient , attend meetings , do not masturbate NOTES , etc. ) , you will be ordained to one of the levels of priesthood , and , if you continue to be faithful and obedient , you will gradually advance through the priesthood ranks .
If you are female , you will receive the benefits of priesthood authority only indirectly , through your Mormon father or your Mormon husband .
The role of the Mormon woman is to be a wife and mother and to obey and honor her priest husband ( or father ) .
NOTES
If you prove yourself to be faithful , hard working and obedient , you will eventually be considered worthy to " receive your endowment " in a Mormon temple .
You will not be told in advance exactly what to expect in this lengthy ceremony , except that the details of the ritual are secret ( Mormons prefer to say they are just " sacred , " but they treat them as though they are secret ) .
As part of that ceremony you will be required to swear a number of oaths , the penalty for violation of which is no longer stated but until 1990 was death by various bloody methods , such as having your throat slit from ear to ear .
You will be given the secret signs and passwords which are required to enter heaven .
( Although most Mormons who have not received the endowment know very little about the ceremony , the entire liturgy is now available on the Internet to Mormon and non-Mormon alike . )
After receiving the endowment you will be required to wear a special undergarment at all times .
NOTES
If you should ever decide that you made a mistake in joining the church and then leave it , you will probably find ( judging from the experiences of others who have done so ) that many of your Mormon friends will abandon and shun you .
If you are unable to convince your family members to leave the church with you , you will find that the church has broken up your family and your relationship with them may never recover .
NOTES
Consider very carefully before you commit yourself , and remember that any doubts you may have now will likely only increase .
Examine carefully both sides of the Mormon story .
Listen to the stories of those who have been through an unhappy Mormon experience , not just those Mormons who may speak glowingly of life in the church .
NOTES
The Mormon missionaries are often charming and enthusiastic .
They have an attractive story to tell .
At first it sounds wonderful .
But remember the old saying , " If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is ! "
Be careful not to fall into the trap of believing something simply because you want it to be true .
Mormons may tell you that those who criticize the church are lying , misquoting and distorting .
If you examine the sources used by the critics , however , you will discover that most of their source material is from official or semi-official Mormon writings .
You , too , should examine those sources .
Is Mormonism a " cult " ?
Many experts on religious cults see in Mormonism the same fundamental characteristics as cults which have entrapped the unsuspecting , even though most people think of " cults " only as small , unknown groups .
Use a " cult checklist " to evaluate Mormonism , or any group , before you commit yourself .
NOTES
To get more information about the other side of Mormonism , or to see the evidence supporting any of our statements about the church , feel free to contact us .
Our only aim is to make sure that you hear both sides .
We promise not to preach at you , but only to provide you with facts to balance the Mormon story .
Click here for the names and e-mail addresses of people to contact .
Click here to read personal stories of people who have left Mormonism .
For short video interviews with former Mormons ( updated usually every week ) see " I Am An Exmormon " .
For statements by many well - educated people who have left the church , see " Ex- Mormon Scholars Testify " .
DISCLAIMER : Some of the links and references listed here , in addition to containing valuable material about Mormonism , also contain Christian proselytizing material .
Their inclusion here is not intended as an endorsement of any religion or religious organization .
GENERAL REFERENCES
INTERNET SITES AND LISTS OF LINKS
https://www.exmormon.org/goodsite.htm
Links to other sites .
http://www.mormonismi.info/jamesdavid/table.htm
An alphabetical list , by topic , of Mormon - related links ; many articles .
Originally by James David .
http://www.lds-mormon.com
Articles and links ; one of the oldest and most extensive Internet sites on Mormonism .
http://www.josephlied.com
Mike Norton 's excellent analysis of Mormon problems ( archived ) .
http://utlm.org/
Many articles by Jerald and Sandra Tanner , especially from their newsletter The Salt Lake City Messenger .
Also several complete books are online here , including their complete book The Changing World of Mormonism .
http://www.2think.org/hundredsheep/mormon.shtml
Text of many early Mormon publications , including the 1830 version of the Book of Mormon and the original Book of Commandments .
Curt Van Den Heuvel 's site .
http://www.irr.org/mit
" Mormons In Transition , " sponsored by the Insitute for Religious Research , with many articles ; Christian orientation ; an on - line newsgroup , ( MIT - Talk ) with evangelical basis
http://www.mrm.org
The " Mormon Research Ministry , " an evangelical Christian group headed by Bill McKeever ; many good articles on Mormonism
http://www.bcmmin.org/
The " Berean Christian Ministry , " headed by John Farkas ; many articles , a useful chronology of church history , and a long refutation of a Mormon scholar 's attempt to discredit critics of the church .
http://www.realmormonhistory.com
A collection of historical quotations from Mormon leaders themselves which cast doubt on Mormonism .
http://www.i4m.com/think/
" Rethinking Mormonism " - an excellent site by former Mormon " Deconstructor "
http://trialsofascension.net/mormon.html
" 20 Truths About Mormonism " by Jim Day , Ph. D .
http://www.TheShelf.com
Convenient side - by - side listing of internet articles on both sides of controversial Mormon issues - by Cora Judd ( archived )
http://www.mormoninformation.com
Site maintained by " Dr. Shades "
http://zarahemlacitylimits.com/
" Zarahemla City Limits " - many articles and a discussion board
http://mormoncurtain.com/
" Blogging the Exmormon World " - maintained by Michael Hoenie
https://www.exmormon.org.uk/tol_arch/
" The church is true " " The church is not true " - Chris Tolworthy 's site ( formerly whyprophets.com ) ; originally a very pro-Mormon site ; Tolworthy - now no longer Mormon - presents the arguments of both sides ( archive ) .
Mormonism Disproved Christopher Miller 's website
Mormonism - Pro and Con Online version of Ed Bliss ' book ( . PDF format )
http://www.helmsmansociety.com/Issues/2005/mormon052605.htm
The Helmsman Society 's summary of Mormonism
http://mormonthink.com/scienceweb.htm " [ Mormonism's ] Conflicts With Science "
Bob McCue 's website McCue is a lawyer and former Mormon bishop .
Ex -Mormon Scholars Testify Statements by professional people who have left the Mormon church
WIKIPEDIA CAUTION !
Be careful with articles on Mormon topics at the popular online reference site Wikipedia !
Since all articles there are subject to editing by all comers , the Mormon church regularly edits them to remove any information that criticizes the church .
For a very complete list of other websites critical of Mormonism , see Google 's ranked listing HERE .
BOOKS
Listed here are only a few " must read " books .
There are hundreds of others .
If your local library does not own them , your librarian can obtain them for you on interlibrary loan , usually for a very small fee .
Most books listed are linked to on - line reviews or order information .
No Man Knows My History : The Life of Joseph Smith by Fawn M. Brodie , 2nd ed. , Knopf , New York , 1993 .
The most authoritative biography of Joseph Smith .
Brodie is a well recognized historian .
Mormon America : The Power And the Promise . by Richard N. Ostling and Joan K. Ostling , Harper , San Francisco , 1999 , ISBN 0-06-066372 -3 .
A well - balanced and reliable overview of Mormonism 's past and present .
Mormonism : Shadow or Reality by Jerald and Sandra Tanner , 5th edition , Utah Lighthouse Ministry , 1987 , Salt Lake City .
The Tanners have done extensive research on early Mormon history and made many rare publications available by publishing photocopies of them at a low price .
This book is a good summary of the contradictions and problems of Mormonism .
Available from Utah Lighthouse Ministry , where a catalog of their publications is available .
Also published in a slightly smaller version as The Changing World of Mormonism , Moody Press , Chicago , 1981 ( now online ) .
The Keystone of Mormonism " by Arza Evans , 2003 - excellent summary of many problems with Mormonism , by a former Mormon .
Inventing Mormonism : Tradition and the Historical Record by H. Michael Marquardt and Wesley P. Walters , Signature Books , Salt Lake City , 1994 .
A detailed examination by historians of Mormonism 's origins .
Joseph Smith and the Origins of the Book of Mormon ( Second edition ) by David Persuitte , McFarland & Co. , 2000
Farewell to Eden : Coming to Terms With Mormonism and Science by Duwayne R. Anderson , Authorhouse , 2003 - a scientist and former Mormon examines Mormonism 's scientific claims
Losing a Lost Tribe : Native Americans , DNA , and the Mormon Church by Simon G. Southerton ( DNA scientist , former Mormon bishop ) , Signature Books , 2004
An Insider 's View of Mormon Origins by Grant Palmer ( Mormon , retired instructor in the church 's educational system ) ; a frank disclosure of many aspects of early Mormon history .
The Pattern of the Double Bind in Mormonism by Marion Stricker ; the psychological bondage of Mormonism and how to recognize and escape it .
Mormonism Pro and Con by Ed Bliss ( individual chapters are online here : http://www.mormonism-proandcon.org/
For Any Latter - day Saint : One Investigator 's Unanswered Questions by Sharon I. Banister , Star Bible Publications , Fort Worth , 1988 .
Over 600 problematical questions about Mormon history and doctrine , very clearly presented , with many photographic reproductions of the relevant Mormon books and diaries .
( See my review here . )
( As of May 2007 this book is out of print ; click here for availability of used copies )
The Mormon Delusion , by Jim Whitefield ; 3 volumes
REFERENCES TO SPECIFIC TOPICS
THE " FIRST VISION "
http://www.irr.org/MIT/first-vision/fvision-accounts.html
The official version , and why it is a fiction
http://www.i4m.com/think/intro/must_believe_vision.htm
The church insists that belief in the validity of the " First Vision " is the basis of Mormonism
http://www.irr.org/mit/First-Vision-Accounts.html
All of the early ( and contradictory ) accounts , from Mormon sources
http://utlm.org/topicalindexc.htm#First Vision
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/first-vision.html
http://www.bcmmin.org/firstv.html
and
http://www.bcmmin.org/firstv2.html
http://www.irr.org/mit/inventing-mormonism-br.html ( a review of the book Inventing Mormonism )
THE 1820 REVIVAL
The question of whether there was a revival in 1820 matching Smith 's story has been hotly debated by Mormon and non-Mormon scholars .
See the exchange between Richard L. Bushman ( Mormon ) and Wesley P. Walters ( non-Mormon ) in Dialogue : A Journal of Mormon Thought , ( Spring 1969 ) 4:1:58 ff .
A summary of the opposing points of view ( by a Mormon scholar ) is Marvin Hill , " The First Vision : A Critique and Reconciliation , " Dialogue : A Journal of Mormon Thought , ( Summer 1982 ) 15:31 - 46 .
http://utlm.org/onlinebooks/mclaims1.htm
http://www.xmission.com/~research/about/index.htm
( Michael Marquardt 's site )
The following three links are about Marquardt 's book Inventing Mormonism , a scholarly investigation into Mormonism 's early years :
http://www.xmission.com/~research/about/contents.htm
http://www.xmission.com/~research/about/summary.htm
http://www.xmission.com/~research/about/reviews.htm
JOSEPH SMITH AND THE METHODISTS
For Smith 's connection with the Methodists , see Inventing Mormonism , pp 54 - 55 , citing Turner , History of Phelp 's and Gorham 's Purchase , p. 214 , which relates that Smith was an informal " exhorter " at Methodist camp meetings before 1822 ; Pomeroy Tucker , The Origin , Rise and Progress of Mormonism ( NY 1867 ) , p 18 : Smith joined the " probationary class " of the Methodist church ; there was no Methodist church in Palmyra until July 1821 ( Inventing Mormonism , p 60 n 41 ) ;
http://utlm.org/topicalindexc.htm#Methodist Church
JOSEPH SMITH AND " MONEYDIGGING "
http://www.utlm.org/newsletters/no68.htm
The report of Smith 's 1826 arrest and court appearance for being a " glass - looker "
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/necromantic.html
http://utlm.org/topicalindexc.htm#Money-Digging and Magic
BOOK OF MORMON " WITNESSES "
http://www.irr.org/mit/bom-wit-pt1.html
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/testimonyof3.htm
https://www.exmormon.org/file9.htm
http://www.irr.org/mit/address-ch1.html
The book by David Whitmer , An Address To All Believers in Christ , testifying that God revealed to him that Joseph Smith is a fallen prophet .
( Also at http://utlm.org/onlinebooks/address1.htm
http://www.xmission.com/~research/about/docum4.htm
( Martin Harris interview in Tiffany 's magazine )
http://www.carm.org/lds/unveiled2.htm
Affidavits of Lucy Harris and Abigail Harris about Martin Harris
http://utlm.org/onlineresources/anthon.htm
( Martin Harris ' visit to Professor Anthon with a copy of characters from the gold plates )
http://www.mormonthink.com/witnessesweb.htm
More on the witnesses , including pro-Mormon arguments
METHOD OF TRANSLATION OF THE BOOK OF MORMON
http://www.irr.org/mit/address1.html
( David Whitmer 's Address To All Believers in Christ ; see p. 12 , 30 )
http://utlm.org/topicalindexa.htm#Black hole
The significance of the 116 pages of lost manuscript for testing the authenticity of the book
http://www.mormonthink.com/lost116web.htm
More on the 116 lost pages
Martin Harris , Millennial Star 6 Feb 1882 , cited in Robert N. Hullinger , Joseph Smith 's response to Skepticism , p 9 - 14 , Salt Lake City 1992 , said that the plates were not needed , also quoted by John Clark , Gleanings
By the Way , 1842 , p 228 , cited in Hullinger p 11 , n 23 .
http://www.mormonthink.com/transbomweb.htm
More on the method of translation , with specific responses to Mormon arguments
For an official Mormon admission about Smith 's use of the " seer stone " in his hat , see " Speaking Today : A Treasured Testament , " by Elder Russell M. Nelson , Ensign , July 1993 Volume 23 Number 7 page 61
BOOK OF MORMON ARCHAEOLOGY
http://www.irr.org/mit/bom-arch-v1.html
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/bomproblems.htm
http://utlm.org/topicalindexa.htm#Archeology
http://www.bcmmin.org/bomarch.html
http://www.lds-mormon.com/bomquest.shtml
http://www.mormonthink.com/bomweb.htm
Good summary of problems , with specific responses to Mormon arguments
http://www.createdwright.com/BOM/survey.htm
" Alleged Book of Mormon Lands Survey " - Daniel M. Wright 's survey sent to more than 85 professional ( non-Mormon ) archaeologists that do work in meso - America , requesting their views of Mormon claims .
Results were never published , but , if you email him , he will explain the results he received .
http://mormonscripturestudies.com/bomor/twm/lamgen.asp
Recent study by DNA expert Tom Murphy , for which he was threatened with excommunication from the Mormon church , showing that the American Indians are not Semitic
Losing a Lost Tribe by Simon Southerton , former Mormon bishop and professional DNA expert ; excellent book explaining the science and how it disproves the Book of Mormon
" Answers to Apologetic Claims about DNA and the Book of Mormon " by Simon Southerton
http://www.lhvm.org/dna.htm
More on DNA studies , including a video about DNA 's relationship to the Book of Mormon 's claims
Who Are The Lamanites ? , a four - part article by Kevin Mathie examining the pro and con arguments
http://www.nowscape.com/mormon/zindler1.htm
" How Do You Lose a Steel Mill " by Frank R. Zindler
JEWISH LAW AND THE BOOK OF MORMON
Salt Lake City Messenger , Issue # 74 , February 1990 , available from Utah Lighthouse Ministry
http://lds-mormon.com/feast.shtml
" Feasts in the Book of Mormon "
BOOK OF MORMON CHANGES ; OTHER CHANGES
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/bomchanges.htm
http://www.bcmmin.org/bmchg.html
http://utlm.org/topicalindexa.htm#Changes
Changes made in revelations after their first publication , to reflect Smith 's changes in doctrine .
The original texts of the Book of Mormon 1830 edition and the 1833 Book of Commandments ( predecessor to the Doctrine and Covenants can be found at http://www.2think.org/hundredsheep/
PRESENT MORMON DOCTRINE CONTRARY TO BOOK OF MORMON
http://packham.n4m.org/bomvslds.htm
A concise listing , with references
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/test.html
http://www.bcmmin.org/bmchg.html
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/birth.html
On the Virgin Birth , how Jesus was conceived .
http://www.irr.org/mit/CHANGOD.html
The changing concept of God .
http://www.bcmmin.org/bcm2.html
Changing doctrines of Mormonism .
THE 1825 BOOK View of the Hebrews by Ethan Smith
http://www.irr.org/mit/view-of-the-hebrews-intro.html ( text of View )
http://www.2think.org/hundredsheep/voh/voh.shtml ( text of View )
http://www.2think.org/hundredsheep/bom/written.shtml
Could Joseph Smith have written the Book of Mormon ?
http://www.lds-mormon.com/voh.shtml
Parallels between View and the Book of Mormon .
http://www.irr.org/MIT/studies-bom-br.html
B. H. Roberts ' conclusions .
FAILURES OF GOD -INSPIRED PROJECTS
Failure of the Kirtland Bank :
http://utlm.org/topicalindexc.htm#Kirtland
Bank
Gathering of Zion :
http://packham.n4m.org/prophet.htm
Polygamy - see notes at : # POLYGAMY
Deseret Alphabet :
http://www.omniglot.com/writing/deseret.htm
http://packham.n4m.org/byoung.htm#PROPHECIES
THE HOFMANN MURDER SCANDAL
The Mormon Murders : A True Story of Greed , Forgery , Deceit , and Death by Steven Naifeh and Gregory White Smith , Weidenfeld & Nicolson , New York , 1988 .
The role of the Mormon church leadership in this scandal is carefully documented here .
A Gathering of Saints : A True Story of Money , Murder and Deceit by Robert Lindsey , Simon and Schuster , New York , 1988 .
Another book on the Hofmann scandal .
Salamander : The Story of the Mormon Forgery Murders by Linda Sillitoe and Allen Roberts , 2nd edition , Signature Books , Salt Lake City .
http://utlm.org/topicalindexb.htm#Hofmann,
Mark
" Masterminds : The Anthon Forgeries " Excellent video on the Hofmann forgeries .
THE MORMON TEMPLE CEREMONY ( THE " ENDOWMENT " )
http://packham.n4m.org/temples.htm: " Mormon Temples and Temple Rituals " - a detailed overview of this most secret part of Mormonism .
The next five links contain the actual text of the ceremony in the various forms it has had since the early days of the church .
1931 Version : http://packham.n4m.org/endow31.htm
1984 Version : http://packham.n4m.org/endow84.htm
1990 Version : http://packham.n4m.org/endow90.htm
2005 changes : http://packham.n4m.org/endow05.htm
( See also http://i4m.com/think/temples/temple_ordinance.htm for a discussion of the significance of the 2005 changes )
http://www.lds-mormon.com/veilworker/endowment.shtml
http://utlm.org/topicalindexc.htm#Temple Ceremony
http://i4m.com/think/temples/
Several articles on temples
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/garments.html
A description of the sacred undergarment which Mormons are required to wear after receiving the endowment .
http://www.nowscape.com/mormon/undrwrmo.htm
More on " garments "
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/temple-ceremony.html
http://www.nowscape.com/mormon/mormcr1.htm
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/templechanges.htm
http://www.lds-mormon.com/veilworker/recommend.shtml
The questions that are asked in the " worthiness interview " to determine whether a member is worthy to receive admission to the temple .
MASONIC INFLUENCE ON MORMONISM
http://www.masonicmoroni.com
Paul Graham 's comprehensive site , with many links from all points of view
http://www.irr.org/mit/masonry.html
http://utlm.org/onlinebooks/changech4.htm#Joseph Smith's Magic Talisman Joseph Smith 's magical talisman
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/nohelp.html
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/masonic-influence.html
THE " ADAM = GOD " DOCTRINE
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/theory.html
http://www.bcmmin.org/adamgod.html
http://www.bcmmin.org/evolut4.html
The changes in the Mormon doctrine about God .
http://jod.mrm.org/1/46#50
( Text of Brigham Young 's 1852 sermon )
http://packham.n4m.org/byoung.htm#ADAMGOD
More statements by Brigham Young
A good discussion , with photocopy of Bruce R. McConkie 's private admission that Brigham Young did teach the doctrine , is in Tanner , LDS Apostle Confesses Brigham Young Taught Adam - God Doctrine , available from Utah Lighthouse Ministry .
Similar material is in Banister 's book For Any Latter - Day Saint
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/mcconkies-letter.html
The text of McConkie 's letter admitting that Brigham Young did teach that Adam was God
See also : Adam is God ??? by Chris A. Vlachos , pamphlet available from Utah Lighthouse Ministry
POLYGAMY ( " CELESTIAL MARRIAGE " )
http://www.irr.org/mit/mormon-enigma-br.html
A review of Mormon Enigma : Emma Hale Smith , by Linda King Newell and Valene Tippett Avery , University of Illinois Press , 1994 ; a biography of Joseph Smith 's first wife , relating the development of Smith 's ideas on polygamy and her opposition to it .
In Sacred Loneliness : The Plural Wives of Joseph Smith by Todd Compton , Signature Books
http://www.wivesofjosephsmith.org/home
Biographies of all of Joseph Smith 's wives
http://utlm.org/topicalindexb.htm#Polygamy
http://www.nowscape.com/mormon/polyg.htm
http://www.xmission.com/~country/reason/clndest2.htm
An early and generally unknown revelation about polygamy
Mormon Polygamy : A History by Richard S. Van Wagoner , Signature Books , Salt Lake City .
An excellent history of its theory and practice , reviewed at http://www.lds-mormon.com/polygamy.shtml.
The Works of Abraham : Mormon Polygamy Sources on Its Origin , Thought , and Practice by B. Carmon Hardy , 2007
http://www.i4m.com/think/history/joseph_smith_sex.htm
" Did Joseph Smith have sex with his [ polygamous ] wives ? "
http://www.signaturebookslibrary.org/essays/mormonpolygamy.htm
Comprehensive essay on polygamy
http://www.polygamy.org
Home page of Tapestry of Polygamy , a group of formerly polygamous women who are exposing its evils as practiced by some Mormon groups today .
http://mormonthink.com/polyweb.htm
- responses to Mormon arguments and claims
http://www.i4m.com/think/polygamy/utah_census.htm
" U. S. Census numbers and Mormon Polygamy " Refutation of the claim that polygamy was practiced because of a shortage of men in early Utah
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/video/lifting-veil-polygamy
Video documentary on Mormon polygamy
THE " CURSE OF CAIN " : THE CHANGING DOCTRINE ON SKIN COLOR
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/africanamerican.htm
http://utlm.org/topicalindexa.htm#Blacks
https://www.exmormon.org/blacks1.htm
http://www.lds-mormon.com/racism.shtml
http://packham.n4m.org/byoung.htm#NEGRO
Brigham Young 's Doctrines on the Black race
http://www.mormonthink.com/blackweb.htm
Summary of pro and con views
http://www.religioustolerance.org/lds_race.htm
History of racism in Mormonism from the " Religious Tolerance " organization
http://jhuston.com/Documents/1978.htm
Background information on the 1978 " revelation "
THE DOCTRINE OF " BLOOD ATONEMENT " AND THE DANITES ( " AVENGING ANGELS " )
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/bloodatonement.htm
http://utlm.org/topicalindexa.htm#Blood Atonement
https://www.exmormon.org/bloodatn.htm
https://www.exmormon.org/violence.htm
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/murder.html
http://www.irr.org/mit/wdist/blood-atonement.html
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/blood-atonement.html
Mormons often deny that the doctrine was taught , but they still believe it .
" Blood Atonement " a short video on the origin and present practice
The role of violence in Mormonism is the subject of Under the Banner of Heaven : A Story of Violent Faith by Jon Krakauer , Doubleday , 2003 ; this book was on the best - seller lists for a number of weeks .
The authoritative work on the Mountain Meadows Massacre has been Juanita Brooks , The Mountain Meadows Massacre , Univ. of Oklahoma Press , 1991 .
Brooks is now supplemented by new evidence in Will Bagley , The Blood of the Prophets : Brigham Young and the Massacre at Mountain Meadows , Univ. of Oklahoma Press , 2002 .
See also Sally Denton 's book American Massacre : The Tragedy at Mountain Meadows , Knopf 2003 .
J. F. Gibbs 's complete book Mountain Meadows Massacre is online at http://utlm.org/onlinebooks/meadowscontents.htm
Film treatments of the Mountain Meadows Massacre :
" Burying the Past " ( documentary ) : http://www.buryingthepast.com
" September Dawn " ( fictionalized , but based on fact ) : http://www.septemberdawn.net
THE BOOK OF COMMANDMENTS
http://www.2think.org/hundredsheep/boc/boc_main.shtml
The complete text of the Book of Commandments , showing the revisions made to them in the Doctrine and Covenants
RESTORATION OF THE PRIESTHOOD
" Priesthood Restored or Retrofit ? " by Lane Thuet
THE BOOK OF ABRAHAM
http://www.irr.org/MIT/book-of-abraham-page.html
The complete book By His Own Hand Upon Papyrus by Charles M. Larson
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/abraham.html
http://utlm.org/topicalindexb.htm#Book of Abraham
http://www.xmission.com/~research/about/abraham.htm
http://www.xmission.com/~research/about/alphabet.htm
The text of Smith 's so - called Egyptian Alphabet & Grammar
http://www.bookofabraham.com
Comprehensive site , with message board , about the Book of Abraham
An hour - long video about the Book of Abraham : " The Lost Book of Abraham " at http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/video/lost-book-abraham
THE " INSPIRED REVISION " OF THE BIBLE
The Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , ( RLDS , now renamed " Community of Christ " ) has long used the version by Smith .
http://utlm.org/topicalindexc.htm#Inspired Revision of the Bible
THE KINDERHOOK PLATES
http://utlm.org/topicalindexb.htm#Kinderhook
Plates
http://www.nowscape.com/mormon/kindrhk/kindrhk.htm
http://www.mormonthink.com/kinderhookweb.htm
Good summary of both pro and con views
JOSEPH SMITH'S PROPHECIES
http://packham.n4m.org/prophet.htm
A listing of many of Smith 's unfulfilled prophecies
http://www.saintsalive.com/mormonism/falseprophetjs.htm
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/civilwar.html
Joseph Smith 's famous prophecy of the Civil War
http://www.lds-mormon.com/civilwar.shtml
Another article on the Civil War prophecy
http://utlm.org/onlinebooks/changech13.htm#Rocky Mountain Prophecy Joseph Smith 's prophecy about the Mormon move to the Rocky Mountains
http://www.mormonthink.com/prophetsweb.htm
Lack of prophecy in the modern church
For some of Brigham Young 's failed prophecies , see :
http://packham.n4m.org/byoung.htm#PROPHECIES
JOSEPH SMITH'S DEATH
http://www.solomonspalding.com/docs/exposit1.htm
The text of the Nauvoo Expositor , the opposition paper which Smith destroyed , thus leading to his imprisonment and death .
It contains all the true accusations which Smith wanted suppressed
http://utlm.org/onlinebooks/changech17.htm#Destruction of Expositor
The destruction of the Nauvoo Expositor
For a detailed discussion of Smith 's political ambitions , his title " king " and his secret government , see the book by D. Michael Quinn , The Mormon Hierarchy : [ Volume 1 ] The Origins of Power , Signature Books , Salt Lake City , 1994 .
( Quinn was excommunicated from the Mormon church for his historical researches , but remains a believer )
MORMON FALSIFICATION OF MORMON HISTORY
http://www.xmission.com/~country/reason/mormhist.htm
D. Michael Quinn's Talk " On Being A Mormon Historian " in which he urges the church authorities to be more open in telling the entire history of the church , without coloring it .
Rather than follow his advice , the church excommunicated him .
http://www.utlm.org/newsletters/no88.htm
An evaluation of the propaganda film Legacy , produced by the church .
http://www.bcmmin.org/persecutor.html
An evaluation of the church 's claim that it was persecuted .
http://www.utlm.org/newsletters/no78.htm
The uncovering of the lies told by a high - ranking Mormon official
http://byustudies.byu.edu/showTitle.aspx?title=5472
A speech by Boyd K. Packer , a high - ranking church official , on how the church justifies its distortion of its history .
http://www.utlm.org/newsletters/no85.htm
The recent purge of Mormon historians who told too much
https://www.exmormon.org/lying.htm
A discussion of speech by Dallin Oaks , a high - ranking church official , on the need for withholding the whole truth .
https://www.exmormon.org/apology.htm
http://www.lds-mormon.com/lying.shtml
http://packham.n4m.org/gbh-god.htm
The late " prophet " Gordon B. Hinckley lies about church doctrine in two interviews for the news media .
http://packham.n4m.org/lying.htm
More examples of Mormon lying .
A good example of the church 's distortion of history is its long cover - up of the Mountain Meadows Massacre .
See Juanita Brooks , The Mountain Meadows Massacre , Univ. of Oklahoma Press , 1991 .
PRAYING FOR TRUTH
" Testimony and Spiritual Witness " - discussion about the reliability of spiritual witness
http://packham.n4m.org/prayer.htm
- prayer is not for obtaining information
http://packham.n4m.org/satan.htm
- how Satan can deceive
UNUSUAL DOCTRINES
- God was once a man like us : http://packham.n4m.org/gbh-god.htm
- God has a tangible body of flesh and bone : D&C 130:22
- God lives on a planet near the star Kolob : Book of Abraham 3:3-16
- God has at least one wife , our " Mother in Heaven " : Joseph Fielding Smith , Man , His Origin and Destiny , p 348-355 : " All men and women are in the similitude of the universal Father and Mother ... "
( More citations in The Changing World of Mormonism , Chapter 7 )
- Jesus was married :
This idea is consistent with the Mormon doctrine that marriage is required for godhood ; see citations from early church leaders at Changing World of Mormonism , Chapter 9 .
The church denies that this is a doctrine of the church here .
- We can become like God and rule over our own universe .
http://packham.n4m.org/gbh-god.htm
- There are many gods , ruling over their own worlds : Citations in The Changing World of Mormonism , Chapter 7
- Jesus and Satan ( " Lucifer " ) are brothers : D&C 76:25 , Moses 4:1-4
- Jesus Christ was conceived by God the Father by having sex with Mary : Citations in The Changing World of Mormonism , Chapter 7
- We should not try to feel a personal relationship with Jesus : " Our Relationship With The Lord " by Apostle Bruce R. McConkie
- " The Lord " ( " Jehovah " ) in the Old Testament is the same being named Jesus in the New Testament , but not the same as " God the Father " : D&C 110:2 - 4 ; Bruce R. McConkie , Mormon Doctrine , article " Jehovah " ; 1 Nephi 19:10
- In the the highest degree of the celestial kingdom some men will have more than one wife : D&C 132:63
- " Pre-existence " : See Joseph Fielding Smith , Doctrines of Salvation , Vol. 1 , ch 4 , esp pp 60 - 61
- Dark skin is a curse from God : 1 Nephi 12:23 , 2 Nephi 5:21 , Alma 3:6 , Jacob 3:8 , 3 Nephi 2:15 , Morm 5:15 .
- The Garden of Eden was in Missouri : D&C 116:1 ; see also D&C 107:53 .
- Animal resurrection : http://packham.n4m.org/animals.htm
- Rainbow : http://packham.n4m.org/prophet.htm
- Satan rules water : D&C 61
- Sun 's light is from Kolob : Book of Abraham Facsimile # 2 , Explanation of Fig 5
- Gentile blood is replaced : History of the Church 3:380 , Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith p. 150
- Seeing face of God : D&C 97:16 ; see also 93:1 and 88:68
- False angel hair color : Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith p. 214 ; handshake : D&C 129:1-9
PROHIBITION ON COFFEE , ETC .
( THE " WORD OF WISDOM " )
The text of the Word of Wisdom is in the Doctrine and Covenants Section 89
http://www.utlm.org/onlinebooks/changech18.htm
Problems and inconsistencies with this revelation .
http://utlm.org/onlinebooks/mclaims8.htm#The Word of Wisdom
TITHING , CHURCH WEALTH
http://www.mrm.org/multimedia/text/tithing.html
http://www.mormonismi.info/jamesdavid/tithing.htm
On the wealth of the church , see : Anson Shupe , Wealth and Power in American Zion , Lewiston NY 1992 , or John Heinerman and Anson Shupe , The Mormon Corporate Empire , Beacon , 1988 .
OBEDIENCE : " FOLLOW THE BRETHREN "
http://www.xmission.com/~country/reason/cannon.htm
Excerpts from Under The Prophet In Utah by Senator Frank J. Cannon , showing how the church leaders exert power over members .
http://www.i4m.com/think/leaders/mormon_loyalty.htm
Many statements by church leaders emphasizing loyalty to the church
http://www.zionsbest.com/fourteen.html
A speech by Ezra Taft Benson , a recent prophet and president , instructing members to obey the prophet without questioning and without checking his advice against scripture .
http://www.lds-mormon.com/mothink.shtml
http://www.lds-mormon.com/thinking.shtml
A critical article on the church 's mind control .
http://www.lds-mormon.com/sepsix.shtml
More on the mass excommunications of intellectuals and historians who questioned church authority .
http://www.zionsbest.com/heresies.html
Bruce R. McConkie on the heresy of evolution .
HOMOSEXUALS , MASTURBATION
http://www.affirmation.org
The website of Affirmation , an organization for Mormons with homosexual leanings .
Much information about the church 's stance on sex .
http://www.affirmation.org/learning/steps_in_overcoming_masturbation.shtml
A talk by Mormon apostle Mark E. Petersen , on how to prevent masturbation .
http://www.affirmation.org/learning/we_see_what_we_believe.asp
A critical article by Jeffery R. Jensen , M.D. , on the harm done by the church with its stance on homosexuality .
http://www.affirmation.org/learning/homosexuality_a_psychiatrists_response.asp
Another article by Dr. Jensen , criticizing the church 's department of social services
http://www.zionsbest.com/only.html
A speech by Boyd K. Packer on the evils of masturbation in young men , and how to prevent it .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilZt88Kt50k
Video interviews with young Mormon homosexuals about their treatment
http://www.affirmation.org/learning/in_gods_name.shtml
" In God 's Name " by Terry Hiscox - a survey of Christian and Mormon treatment of homosexuals
POSITION OF WOMEN IN THE CHURCH
Books by two exmormon women describing their difficulties with the church 's treatment of women :
Deborah Laake , Secret Ceremonies , Dell , 1993
Sonia Johnson , From Housewife to Heretic , Doubleday , 1981 .
Johnson was excommunicated for her activism in favor of the Equal Rights Amendment .
https://www.exmormon.org/mormwomn.htm
A woman 's viewpoint .
http://www.lds-mormon.com/lying.shtml
How the church misrepresents its stance on the role of women .
" Mormon Women , Prozac , and Therapy " by Kent Ponder Ph.D. explores the causes for so many Mormon women being on anti-depressant medications .
http://members.shaw.ca/blair_watson/
" The Psychological Effects of Mormonism " by Blair Watson
PERSONAL STORIES BY FORMER MORMONS
https://www.exmormon.org/ has the personal stories of over six hundred people who left the church and their many different reasons for doing so .
For briefer comments from former Mormons , see http://packham.n4m.org/voices1.htm
See also these longer accounts :
Mary Ann Benson ( granddaughter - in - law of Ezra Taft Benson , president of the church ) : https://www.exmormon.org/mormon/mormon146.htm
Steve Benson ( grandson of Benson , Mary Ann 's husband ) : http://www.lds-mormon.com/benson2.shtml and also https://www.exmormon.org/mormon/mormon418.htm
Transcript notes of the Bensons ' interview with two Mormon apostles
Ken Clark ( former teacher in the Church Educational System ) : https://www.exmormon.org/whylft149.htm
For longer ( booklength ) accounts , see :
Suddenly Strangers : Surrendering Gods and Heroes by the Morin brothers . ( http://suddenlystrangers.com - click on " Excerpts " )
Beyond Mormonism : An Elder 's Story by James R. Spencer , who converted to Mormonism and left it to become a Christian minister
Martha Beck ( daughter of Mormon apologist Hugh Nibley ) , Leaving the Saints , Crown , 2005 , ISBN 0609609912
IS MORMONISM A CULT ?
The following links are to checklists and other guidelines , to help you to evaluate whether any group ( not just Mormonism ) is a " cult . "
http://www.csj.org/infoserv_cult101/checklis.htm
http://www.csj.org/infoserv_cult101/cult101.htm
http://www.freedomofmind.com/
The home page of Steve Hassan , an authority on cults and brainwashing .
" [ Hassan's ] BITE Model Applied Toward Mormonism "
http://www.caic.org.au
Jan Groenveld 's Cult Awareness Centre
http://www.factnet.org
FACTnet , resources on psychological coercion and mind control
http://www.neopagan.net/ABCDEF.html Isaac Bonewits ' cult checklist , with 18 items and worksheet .
A 12 - minute video on cults in general : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnNSe5XYp6E
http://members.shaw.ca/blair_watson/
" The Psychological Effects of Mormonism " by Blair Watson
Comments ?
Questions ?
( Please , no preaching , testimonies , or hate mail ! )
To send a comment or ask a question , click here .
Please let me know if you find that any links are out - dated , or if you can suggest additional links .
Thanks !
What happens when two of the biggest egos in games media sit back and discuss arguably the biggest release in videogame history ?
We 'll let you be the judge of that , as we welcome controversial defense attorney Jack Thompson to The Podcastle to discuss Grand Theft Auto with yours truly .
This week , we have a very short first half as the usual crew of Jim Sterling , Wardrox and Atheistium chat about Grand Theft Auto IV , and announce a special contest -- simply use our Community Blogs and find an inventive way to mix the worlds of Jack Thompson and Grand Theft Auto together .
Be it a short story , image , video , song or -- my favorite -- interpretive dance , the best four entries will receive redemption codes from Atheistium , allowing them to download Xbox Live GTA IV picture packs -- for nothing !
Then we introduce the main event , as Jim Sterling speaks to Jack Thompson for the very first time .
In this historic event , Jack Thompson actually makes good on his promise to appear on a videogames podcast .
How do I manage to keep the volatile attorney on the phone for almost fifty minutes ?
How do I manage to get even a single word in edgewise ?
Did Jack Thompson confess that his son plays GTA ?
All these questions are for you to decide the answers for , but here are the highlights :
Jack Thompson thanked by a gamer ?
Jacko tells us why .
Jim is n't interested in Jack 's testicles .
What is a " murder simulator ? "
Also , Jack 's expert is better than Jim 's expert , apparently .
Tom & Jerry needs to be less fun !
What was in Ted Bundy 's Xbox ?
Jim tries to explain why Take - Two threatening Walmart is a ridiculous idea .
Jack tries to explain why Grand Theft Auto IV is illegal pornography .
Jack asks Jim to file an American lawsuit , even though he 's British .
Thompson is a gangsta rap expert .
At least Jim & Jack agree that IGN getting an exclusive review was rubbish .
Jack pushes for the final solution .
" Have I had my Wii Fix ? "
Thompson 's terrifying vision of the future .
I really hope you enjoy the show , and that I did videogamers and Destructoid proud .
I would also like to thank Jack Thompson for his time , despite the nature of his exit , and tip my hat at someone who , I must confess , was a pretty challenging arguer .
As always , check out our Podcastle page to listen or download .
Alternatively , we can be found on iTunes .
Enjoy .
These are photos of Russian soldiers in Berlin , Germany .
Something about 63 years ago .
Researchers from the John Innes Centre in Norwich , Great Britain , in collaboration with other European centres participating to the FLORA project , have obtained genetically modified tomatoes rich in anthocyanins , a category of antioxidants belonging to the class of flavonoids .
These tomatoes , added to the diet of cancer - prone mice , showed a significant protective effect by extending the mice lifespan .
The research has been published in the 26 October issue of Nature Biotechnology .
It is a remarkable step ahead in the study on antioxidants , particularly flavonoids , widely considered as a useful tool for preventing a large number of diseases , from cardiovascular disease to certain types of can-cer .
The diet followed by the majority of people living in the Western world does not appear to be suffi-cient to guarantee an adequate intake of these substances , present in many fruits and vegetables such as berries .
That is why the FLORA project aims at understanding their mechanisms trying to find new ways to increase their consumption .
Researchers from the John Innes Centre , coordinated by Cathie Martin , tried to step on it by putting on the lab bench a naturally anthocyanins - free product as tomato and engineering it to enhance its flavonoid content .
In this way researchers have obtained an ideal model to study the effect of anthocyanins .
In order to obtain fruit particularly rich in anthocyanins , that has conferred a peculiar purple colour to the tomatoes , the British team has used two genes from the snapdragon flower : Delila and Rosea1 .
" Our insti-tute has a long standing interest in this plant that we use as a model to study flower development - says lead author Eugenio Butelli -
The two genes we have isolated are responsible for flower pigmentation and , when introduced in other plants , turned out to be the perfect combination to produce anthocyanins , the same phytochemical found in blueberries .
At a closer chemical analysis it comes out that our purple tomato has a very high antioxidant activity , almost tripled in comparison to the natural fruit thus it is very useful to study the effect of anthocyanins " .
Subsequently , scientists have fed knockout mice lacking p53 gene , commonly known as the " genome guardian " , with a powder obtained from purple tomatoes .
P53 is a key gene in the tumorigenesis process .
Mice lacking p53 develop different types of tumours , es-pecially lymphomas and die at a very young age .
Mice used in the experiment have been divided into three groups , fed three different diets : the first one has received a standard diet , while the second group was fed diet supplemented with 10 % powder from freeze - dried red tomatoes and the last one with 10 % powder from purple tomatoes .
" We have not re-corded significant differences between the first two groups - argues Marco Giorgio from the European In- stitute of Oncology who followed the experimental phase on mice -
But mice fed with purple tomatoes showed a significant increase of lifespan " .
The last group has reported an average lifespan of 182 days in comparison to the 142 recorded for mice fed standard diet .
However promising results appear to be , researchers prefer to be pretty cautious .
" Actually - Giorgio con-tinues - it is a pilot test , a preliminary study useful to validate the hypothesis of obtaining health benefits from diet supplementation with modified food .
Although mice 's lifespan has significantly increased once fed on purple tomatoes we still do n't know how it works .
It is not likely everything can be explained on antioxidants basis alone .
Moreover , we have to consider that in this study we have not taken into account any possible toxicity so I shall say we 're far from considering a human trial .
Next step is to investigate the effect of purple tomatoes on different kinds of tumor models and define the mechanism of action " .
Nevertheless , FLORA researchers do believe we may start to do something .
" The study - says Cathie Mar -tin , FLORA project coordinator - confirms the latest research trends arguing that we can obtain significant beneficial effects by simple changes in our daily diet .
We are not talking of pills or supplements but only food .
It is worthy of notice that recommendations by worldwide governments risk to be unaccepted .
The 5 - a - day program promoted by the American National Cancer Institute 20 years ago does not seem to be very incisive and not just because of the lack of time .
Financial crisis is giving an hand to the failure of good intentions mainly due to the expensive costs of fruits and vegetables .
Research has to do something , has to find new ways to face the challenge .
A solution may rely on concentrating in few but selected products the largest part of nutrients we should intake during the whole day " .
Source : Catholic University
In a sign the credit markets are starting to become slushy rather than frozen solid , the LIBOR is down 36 basis points today .
This decrease represents the largest single day drop in the LIBOR since January , when we first started seeing strong signs of the impending mortgage meltdown .
Bloomberg.com has more on the subject , but it seems that this train of bad news is coming to the light at the end of the tunnel .
Powered by Adsense Deluxe Revived
After months of experimenting with long - form video , YouTube said on Friday it would start offering full - length episodes of some television shows on its sprawling Web site .
The staggering growth of YouTube  five billion videos were viewed there in July  has come primarily from short videos that last only a few minutes .
But Internet users are gradually becoming more comfortable watching longer videos online , prompting YouTube ’s commitment to the format .
“ This is what the users want , ” said Jordan Hoffner , the director of content partnerships for YouTube .
With the addition of TV series like “ Dexter , ” “ Beverly Hills , 90210 ” and “ Star Trek ” through a deal with CBS , YouTube is catching up to other Web sites that have promoted long - form video for some time .
Polaris and Zero Motorcycles team up to develop electric ATVs and snowmobiles
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- JPMorgan Chase acquired the banking assets of Washington Mutual late Thursday after the troubled thrift was seized by federal regulators , marking the biggest bank failure in the nation 's history and the latest stunning twist in the ongoing credit crisis .
Under the deal , JPMorgan Chase will acquire all the banking operations of WaMu , including $ 307 billion in assets and $ 188 billion in deposits .
To put the size of WaMu in context , its assets are equal to about two - thirds of the combined book value assets of all 747 failed thrifts that were sold off by the Resolution Trust Corp . - the former government body that handled the S&L crisis from 1989 through 1995 .
In exchange for scooping up WaMu , JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) will pay approximately $ 1.9 billion to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
Separately , JPMorgan announced Thursday that it plans to raise $ 8 billion in additional capital through the sale of stock as part of the deal .
The bank expanded the offering to $ 10 billion on Friday .
The acquisition is JPMorgan Chase 's second major purchase this year following the mid-March acquisition of investment bank Bear Stearns , a deal that was also engineered by the government .
" We think it is a great thing for our company , " JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon said in a conference call with investors late Thursday night .
As a result of the acquisition , the New York City - based JPMorgan Chase will now boast some 5,400 branches in 23 states .
Federal regulators , who helped shepherd the deal , stressed that the transition for WaMu customers would be " seamless . "
" There will be no interruption in services and bank customers should expect business as usual come Friday morning , " FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair said in a statement .
WaMu is the 13th bank to fail so far this year and earns the title of the nation 's biggest bank failure by assets on record , ahead of Continental Illinois , which had about $ 40 billion in assets ( $ 67.7 billion in 2008 dollars ) when it failed in May of 1984 .
The FDIC , however , was quick to point out Thursday evening that the WaMu - JPMorgan Chase deal would not have any impact to its insurance fund which covers customer deposits when banks fail .
" WaMu 's balance sheet and the payment paid by JPMorgan Chase allowed a transaction in which neither the uninsured depositors nor the insurance fund absorbed any losses , " Bair said .
The FDIC insures the assets held by 8,451 banking institutions with a total of $ 13.4 trillion .
A road to collapse
WaMu had been one of the most hard - hit banks during the financial crisis after it bet big , like many of its competitors , on the strength of the U.S. housing market -- only to see its fortunes sour as housing prices fell .
Following several ratings agency downgrades this week and a freefall in the company 's stock , many analysts were speculating that the endgame for the embattled savings and loan was imminent .
WaMu ( WM , Fortune 500 ) shares were close to worthless Friday , falling 90 % to just 16 cents a share .
JPMorgan Chase shares gained more than 2.5 % in midday trading .
In a press conference held late Thursday , Bair said regulators deemed it was necessary to act as the company had come under " severe " liquidity pressure .
Regulators said that WaMu was experiencing a " run on the bank " , as roughly 10 % of WaMu deposits were pulled on Monday .
As a result , regulators saw the need to act this week , even as Congress and the White House continued to hash out a bank bailout plan .
Bair added that the company was on the FDIC 's latest so - called " problem bank " list for the third quarter , which has yet to be published .
All told , Bair said four banks made bids for WaMu but JPMorgan Chase ultimately won out when the auction was held Wednesday .
Several other large institutions , including Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and HSBC ( HBC ) , were poring over the company 's books , according to news reports last week .
JPMorgan
Chase won because they were " the highest bid and the lowest cost resolution , " Bair said .
" It was our cheapest option , " she said .
Analysts were largely encouraged by the news even as JPMorgan Chase absorbs WaMu 's toxic subprime and option - ARM mortgages as part of the deal .
" My initial impression is that this deal is ' generally OK ' , " wrote Nancy Bush , managing member at investment advisory firm NAB Research LLC , adding that there would be questions about whether the loan losses that JPMorgan took as part of the deal would be sufficient .
All told , JPMorgan
Chase said it would recognize projected losses on the loan portfolio upfront by marking down the value of the loans by a whopping $ 31 billion .
Questions remain
Quite possibly the biggest losers in Thursday 's deal , however , are WaMu 's stock and debt holders , who were effectively wiped out .
Among that group was the private equity giant TPG , which was part of a consortium of investors that acquired a stake in WaMu for $ 7 billion in April .
JPMorgan 's Dimon said in a conference call with reporters Friday morning that his firm was in talks to buy WaMu earlier this year but that JPMorgan never made a formal offer .
When pressed about what might be next for JPMorgan following two massive deals this year , Dimon did n't close the door altogether on acquiring another commercial bank .
" This is still a big country and there are a lot of places we are not in , " he said .
But he and other executives offered little insight about what would happen to WaMu personnel .
Neither Dimon nor Charlie Scharf , JPMorgan 's head of retail financial services , were able to provide any estimate as to how many workers could lose jobs as a result of the deal or whether top execs at WaMu , including recently installed CEO Alan Fishman , would remain with the combined firm .
" It 's just too early to know right now , " said Scharf .
Tough times for banks
The fall of WaMu is the latest turn in a dizzying two weeks that have seen the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers , the acquisition of Merrill Lynch by Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) and the near collapse of insurance giant AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) .
The widening credit crisis has prompted President Bush to seek from Congress extraordinary authority to spend as much a $ 700 billion to bail out the nation 's financial system by purchasing toxic assets from banks .
President Bush , in a televised address Friday morning , said the nation 's economy is at risk , adding he believed that Congress will move quickly on a bailout proposal .
" We 've got a big problem , " he said .
Regulators acknowledged they were encouraged to get a deal done but Dimon stressed to investors that a potential bailout by the government was not a factor .
Postscript to " The Financialization of Capital and the Crisis "
By John Bellamy Foster
October 26 , 2008 --
Six months ago the United States was already deep in a financial crisis -- the roots of which were explained in ` The Financialization of Capital and the Crisis ' ( Monthly Review , April 2008 ) .
Yet , the conditions now are several orders of magnitude worse and are affecting the entire world .
We are clearly in the midst of one of the great crises in the history of capitalism .
More than a mere financial panic , what is taking place is a major devaluation of capital of still undetermined dimensions .
Marx explained that capital was invariably over - extended in a boom and that in the crisis that followed a part of that capital was devalued , enabling the rest to return to profitability and to the process of accumulation and expansion .
However , we are now to some extent in uncharted territory : a phase of monopoly - finance capital that is in many ways unprecedented .
Even at the time of the Great Depression of the 1930s , Keynes explained that after a crisis modern capitalism might return to profitability without a return to full employment , full utilisation of existing capacity and strong growth .
Our experience of the last half - century has shown that capitalism at its core was able to avoid stagnation only by vast military expenditures and , when that proved insufficient , by an enormous inflation of asset values and speculation , i.e. " financialisation " .
This growth multiplied by the boom psychology on the way up ( the " wealth effect " ) turned out to also have a contracting multiplier effect on the way down .
These factors help to explain why the economic crisis in the real economy is so severe at present , and why there is no chance of an immediate restarting of the growth process .
Many people first woke up to the seriousness of the crisis only on September 18 , 2008 , when US Secretary of Treasury Henry Paulson told Congress that the US financial sector was within days of a complete meltdown and that a US $ 700 billion bailout for the banks was urgently needed .
Since then ( and indeed even before ) vast amounts of government dollars have been poured into the financial structure ( all told the financial exposure of the U.S. government alone in the entire crisis has exceeded $ 5 trillion at this writing ) , including direct injection of capital into major banks and partial nationalisations .
1
Yet , still there is little sign of the crisis abating .
Insolvency is spreading through the economy from consumers to banks , to non-financial firms , back to consumers , in a vicious cycle .
The fact that the economy in recent decades was being lifted mainly by financialisation makes the problem all that much more severe .
The entire world economy is now affected .
Already one economy in the European sphere itself -- Iceland -- has experienced a meltdown , requiring rescue from outside , and some have called Iceland the " canary in the coalmine . "
Over this last neoliberal epoch , the United States and its European allies have forced upon the entire globe a model of the free flow of capital across borders .
The result today is the free flow of catastrophe .
Only by the imposition , first , of capital controls and the establishment , second , of non-market based " South - South " cooperation can " emerging " economies avoid becoming the worse victims of the crash .
In these dire economic circumstances we should of course be careful not to fall into an exaggerated frame of mind .
It is important to remember that a breakdown of capitalism as a whole will not occur by mere economics alone .
Given time to work things out on its own terms the system will no doubt recover -- though a full recovery could be many years away , if possible at all .
The real historical issue before us is to what extent the world 's population is willing to wait for this crisis to be resolved on capitalist terms , so that the whole irrational process of exploitation and boom and bust can gain steam again -- or whether they shall decide to insert themselves into the process to say ` Enough !'.
It is this political insertion from below that the powers that be most fear .
From their Olympian position at the top of the system they know perhaps better than anyone else that the conditions exist for the possible renewal of socialism on a global scale .
Capitalism has reached its limits as a progressive force and its famous " creative destruction " has turned into a destructive creativity in which both the world 's people and the planet are now in jeopardy .
Indeed , for the world 's population and the earth taken a whole there is today no real alternative -- to socialism .
1 " Government 's Leap into Banking Has Its Perils , " New York Times , October 18 , 2008 .
[ John Bellamy Foster is editor of Monthly Review .
This postscript was written for the Portuguese translation of " The Financialization of Capital and the Crisis " that will appear in Revista Outubro , Brazil .
It first appeared at MRzine and has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
It 's a ( Bruce ) banner moment for NASA 's new Fermi satellite : it 's found a pulsar that emits only gamma rays .
Brief background : when a massive star explode , its core collapses .
If it has enough mass , the core shrinks down into a black hole .
If it does n't have quite that much oomph ( if it has about 1 - 2.8 times the mass of the Sun ) it forms a weird object called a neutron star .
As massive as a star but only a few kilometers across , a neutron star is incredibly dense , rapidly rotating , and has a magnetic field intense enough to give you an MRI from a million kilometers away .
OK , I made that last one up , but in fact it sounds about right .
The point : neutron stars are seriously awesome , right on the edge of matter as we understand it .
The supercharged magnetic field channels a tremendously powerful flow of energy away from the star in twin beams like a lighthouse .
And , like a lighthouse , as the star rotates these beams sweep around .
If they 're aimed at Earth we see a pair of pulses every time the star spins around once .
So , duh , we call these special neutron stars pulsars .
You can see a way cool animation of this on NASA 's Conceptual Image Lab web page .
Usually , the beams from these pulsars contain light from all ( or nearly all ) across the electromagnetic spectrum .
We seem them in radio waves , visible light , ultraviolet , even X - rays and some in gamma rays .
The processes that create these beams are pretty fierce and weird , and the type of light emitted depends on the process .
However , in general , if we see high energy light ( like X - and gamma rays ) from a pulsar , we tend to see it in lower energy light ( optical and radio ) as well .
But Fermi found an oddball !
Located about 4600 light years away in the constellation of Cepheus , CTA - 1 is a supernova remnant , the expanding debris from an exploding star .
But that expanding junk is only from the outer layers of the detonated star : the core collapsed down into a neutron star , and that 's what Fermi detected .
This newly discovered gamma - ray - only pulsar spins three times per second -- think on that ; an object with the mass of an entire star spinning at that rate ! -- and is blasting out gamma radiation with 1000 times the Sun 's entire energy output .
And all of it in super - high energy invisible gamma rays .
The Hulk has nothing on this pulsar .
Actually , let 's pause for just a sec .
Is it sunny outside ?
Good .
Go outside , and hold your hand up .
Feel the warmth ?
That 's just a bit of optical light warming your hand .
Now think about how much energy is falling over the entire Earth itself , a gazillion times the size of your hand .
Now think about how much energy the Sun is emitting in all directions ; the entire Earth only intercepts about one - two billionths of that light .
Now think about one thousand times that much energy .
Now think of all that energy being only in the form of DNA - shattering gamma rays .
Yeah , now you 're getting it .
This object is seriously freaky .
We know of about 1800 pulsars , and all of them emit radio waves .
All but this guy .
It 's a brand new category of object ( well , a sub category , but still ) , a new character on the cosmic stage .
But why does it only emit gamma rays ?
Hey , good question .
I do n't know the answer ( and the press release does n't say , in fact ) .
I suspect the answer right now is , we do n't know .
This object was only discovered a little while ago , and worse , gamma rays are really difficult to study .
That 's why we launched Fermi in the first place !
Worse even than that , without being able to look at this object in radio , optical , or any other form of light really hobbles our ability to study it .
For now , I think we 'll have to rely on Fermi 's observations and then look at theoretical models .
I imagine there will be astronomers all over the world pouncing on this , trying to figure out how the magnetic fields of the star can be so choosy ( maybe they 're elitist ) .
But until then , as usual , I have to wonder : if we only just now found this object , what the heck else is floating around out there just waiting for us to find ?
Pulsar image credit : NASA .
T he recent bailout package being approved in the US Congress needs to be viewed in the context of the spurt in the accumulation of forex reserves of China by about $ 500 billion in the last six months to about $ 2 trillion in aggregate .
This gargantuan build - up of forex reserves by China has strangely received very little attention of economists , policy analysts , currency traders and , of course , geo- strategists around the world .
Why is China engaged in this exercise ?
What could be its implications on the on going global financial crisis ?
Could China trip the bailout package announced by the US last week ?
Crucially what are the implications for the existing global order ?
What is intriguing in the Chinese forex reserve build - up is that both trade surplus and foreign direct investment account only for a part of this gargantuan pile .
After adjusting for all known sources of reserve accretion , experts conclude that approximately an excess of $ 200 billion could have flown into China as ' hot money ' -- read inexplicable flow of funds -- in this period .
The Economist -- in one of its issue in recent months -- quotes Michael Pettis , an economist working in China , who explains how and why hot money flows into China .
According to Pettis , hot money comes into China when companies overstate FDI and over - invoice exports .
But where is such money getting parked in China ?
The Chinese stock market , like many of its counter parts across the globe , continues to plunge .
Hence , it may not be an attractive destination for hot money .
Some experts suggest that it could have gone into property while the predominant view is that it could simply be the Chinese banks that offer interest rates in excess of 4 per cent on yuan deposits compared with a lower rate on dollars .
How a 2 per cent interest rate differential results in such cross - border flow of capital requires some explanation .
What makes the dollar - yuan exchange rates central to any discussion on global finance is the fact that trade between the United States and China has burgeoned in the past decade or so .
But this is not a two - way trade as would be commonly believed .
Most of this is unilateral -- i.e. exports from China to the US .
In fact , this is the fundamental reason for the burgeoning current account surplus that in turn translates into China 's forex reserves .
In the process , over the years , the US has become extremely dependent on China not only for supplying cheap goods but also for the Chinese to fund such imports by parking their forex surplus within the US .
This twin -dependency on the Chinese for goods and money to finance its deficits has always engaged the attention of the US policy framers who till recently were not at all comfortable with this arrangement .
And now added to this is the latest aggressive build - up of forex reserves by China surely has the Americans in a bind .
The economics behind Chinese yuan
Economists in the US till recently believed that a weak yuan implicitly subsidises the Chinese exports leading to such huge trade imbalances between the two countries .
Consequently , they have been pointing out to the imperative need for a substantial appreciation of the yuan by a minimum of 20 - 25 per cent vis -a - vis the US dollar to remedy the situation .
In the alternative they have suggested a countervailing duty of a similar scale on imports from China .
Further , economists are of the opinion that by constant intervention in the forex market not only does the Chinese Central Bank ensure a weak yuan it also causes competitive devaluation of various currencies in Asia .
The net consequence is a domino effect with the result that the US dollar is artificially valued at higher - level vis-a - vis most Asian currencies .
Experts believe that a significant yuan revaluation will ensure a more realistic exchange rate mechanism in Asia as it could force other countries to follow suit .
It is in this connection that C Fred Bergsten of the Peterson Institute , in a testimony before the hearing on the Treasury Department 's Report to Congress on International Economic and Exchange Rate Policy in early 2007 , states : " By keeping its own currency undervalued , China has also deterred a number of other Asian countries from letting their currencies rise very much against the for fear of losing competitive position against China . "
Naturally , in anticipation of a significant revaluation of the yuan , most experts believe given the uncertainty associated with the global financial markets that hot money is flowing to a relatively safe destination .
After all , China not only offers higher return but also is virtually insured against any downward movement against the US dollar .
In effect , is this hot money flowing into China in anticipation of this revaluation of the yuan ?
Or is it a simple case of China maintaining trade competitiveness through a weak yuan ?
Or is there something more to it than meets the eye ?
Are the Chinese acquiring the dollars with some sinister motive ?
In effect , has the Chinese strategy of a weak currency over the years the un-stated policy of dynamiting the American economy ?
Mutually Assured Destruction ( MAD )
What is worrying the Americans is that China accounts for about one - fourth of the global forex surpluses and are the counterparts of the US current account deficit .
Put simply , while China accumulates forex reserves , the US accumulates a corresponding debt .
And the Americans are aware that it is the Chinese are the biggest accumulators of the US treasury bonds .
What is indeed intriguing is that a country -- the US -- that prides on being ' independent ' of other countries , especially in security affairs , is now caught in a quagmire as it has to be constantly in the good books of the Chinese government if it wants to avoid a sudden shock .
Countries that hold large US dollar denominated forex reserves have a powerful tool in their arsenal -- they could wreck American financial markets at a mere click of a mouse by selling their dollar holdings .
Imagine China with a holding nearly $ 2 trillion worth of treasury bonds seceding to sell the same overnight .
And that could instantaneously dynamite the global financial system as it could suck out liquidity and cause interest rates to shoot through the roof .
Remember , the $ 700 billion package announced last week by the US is precisely aimed at addressing the liquidity crunch within the US .
China , of course , might have no sinister intent , as this would be at a huge cost .
But the Chinese know that no country can ever become a global superpower without a cost .
As and when the Chinese decide to take a hit on their dollar holdings , global finance could indeed take a roller coaster ride .
Obviously , the Americans ' borrowing from China and the Chinese supply of money to the US is indeed an intriguing geo-political game .
Surely , this cannot be simple economics by any stretch of imagination .
Given this paradigm , till date experts opine that both are locked in a tight bear hug .
According to Lawrence Summers ,
' It is a new form of mutually assured destruction that has quietly emerged over the last few years .
This implies that China needs the US ( for its exports and to park its forex reserves ) as much as the US needs China ( for imports and borrowings ) .
So have the Americans played into the hands of Chinese ?
Recent events in the US have turned this ' MAD paradigm ' upside down .
It is in this context that the recent bailout package needs to be viewed , which seeks to increase liquidity over a period of time by the US government taking over sub - prime assets from financial institutions .
That , according to the American thinking , is expected to provide liquidity to the US economy .
But it is all these happenings within the US that makes this accumulation of forex reserves by China extremely interesting .
It may be noted that the Chinese , unlike the others , have always questioned the global order with the US at the helm of affairs .
And the Chinese accumulation of forex reserves is surely a strategy that perhaps has an ominous side to it .
All this is not pure economics as it is made out to be .
Rather , it was and remains a well - planned economic , political and military strategy of the Chinese .
And in a way it is the mirror image of the Star Wars programme that the then US President Reagan unleashed on the erstwhile USSR in the early eighties that eventually bankrupted the later within a few years as it engaged in competitive arms build - up with the former .
Statecraft is all about engaging other countries at one 's own terms , pace , time and cost .
This is what the US did to the USSR in the eighties and succeeded in dynamiting that country .
And that is what China could do to a vulnerable US in the coming months .
Crucially , if it does n't , from the Chinese perspective it might well rue this moment forever .
The US till date was depending on the Chinese for imports and to finance them as well for such imports .
Now they will have to be considerably dependent on the Chinese to protect their currency as well as to ensure liquidity in their money markets .
And that completely alters the existing global order .
1 Chinese yuan = Rs 6.9160
1 US dollar = yuan 6.8527
The author is a Chennai - based chartered accountant .
He can be contacted at mrv1000@rediffmail.com .
If you ’re thinking to yourself that there ’s little more than two weeks before election day and Obama has a solid lead in the polls , do n’t be so sure .
Yes , it looks good for the Democrats .
But you need to play close attention to the McCain campaign ’s final weeks ’ strategy under and just above the radar .
McCain ’s final strategy relies on two pillars .
The first is aggressively playing to voters ’ fears of electing a black president .
Make no mistake : not just his campaign in a general sense , but McCain himself and his top handful of advisers , are banking on the residual racism in a changing America to get them over the finish line .
The second is an aggressive use of innuendo to convince casual voters that Obama is in league with Islamic terrorists bent on killing Americans .
Many people have asked whether enough Americans really care any more about the cultural convulsions of the 1960s .
The answer ?
It does n’t matter .
For the McCain campaign , Bill Ayers has nothing to do with 60s radicalism .
Ayers is nothing more than a tool that permits McCain , Palin and all their surrogates to use the noun “ terrorist ” in polite company in the same sentence as “ Obama , ” over and over and over again .
It allows them to cobble together a ‘ respectable ’ version of those Obama smear emails they can push in commercials and robocalls and surrogate talking points every hour of every day .
Stripped down to its components McCain ’s message to voters is this : “ Do n’t forget .
He ’s definitely black .
And he may be a terrorist . ”
That ’s the message .
The nuts and bolts is a concerted effort to keep Democrats from voting — through intimidation , by striking new voters from the rolls , which is going to happen to lots of them , clogging polling stations to create delays that keep late day ( predominantly ) Obama voters from voting altogether .
Smears in the air and voter suppression on the ground .
Many people say , well … all this stuff just has n’t worked .
But the truth is that the really corrupt and vicious part of McCain ’s effort only comes now because it ’s only in the last couple weeks that you can pull stuff that the press wo n’t get to call you on before election day — after which it does n’t matter .
Will it take Obama down ?
So far McCain ’s gutter campaign has hurt him more than helped .
But there ’s no reason to be sure it will continue that way .
And many Obama supporters , sure the election is basically wrapped up , appear ready to slack in the stretch and let McCain smear and cheat his way into office .
( poster # 3 )
A young man in the Ayutthaya period grows up among villagers who preserve the legacy of the traditional khon masked dance .
He becomes an outcast when he finds that his firm limbs were n’t made to pursue the specialty of his ancestors , but with the advice of a mysterious guru he ’s able to develop a new style of fighting which mixes the strength of martial arts with the regal elegance of khon dance .
Then he ’s ready to go out and fight the enemy .
Ong Bak 2 is directed by Thai martial artist Tony Jaa himself as his first feature film .
The script was written by stunt coordinator and filmmaker Panna Rittikrai who previously wrote the screenplay for “ Ong Bak ” and “ Born to Fight ” .
Ong Bak 2 Posters
Three new posters for the upcoming ‘s “ ” have been released .
The third poster includes the shot of new character played byAll signs are that the film will indeed be ready to meet its December release date ( 4. Decembre ) , a date that has just been shifted one day to fall on the King ’s birthday , which is considered a very auspicious day in Thailand .
Must watch : Fantastic “ Ong Bak 2 ″ Promo Reel
Palin opposed sex-ed
Sarah Palin 's personal story , and her views on personal morality , are at the core of her politics and of why she was nominated , and why she 'd energized the conservative base .
Now , her daughter 's pregnancy has cast her views on teenagers and sex directly into the spotlight .
Democrats noted , before and after today 's announcement , that Palin took a hard line on a question in 2006 from the conservative Eagle Forum Alaska :
Q : Will you support funding for abstinence - until - marriage education instead of for explicit sex-education programs , school - based clinics , and the distribution of contraceptives in schools ?
SP : Yes , the explicit sex - ed programs will not find my support .
Palin also opposes abortion in cases like her daughter 's , and in harder cases .
" We 're proud of Bristol 's decision to have her baby , " she and her husband said in a statement .
Unsaid in the statement is that Palin , based on her past views , would prefer that her daughter not be given a choice .
" I am pro-life .
With the exception of a doctor ’s determination that the mother ’s life would end if the pregnancy continued .
I believe that no matter what mistakes we make as a society , we cannot condone ending an innocent ’s life , " Palin said in the same questionnaire .
When an Alaska court last year overturned the state 's law mandating parental consent for minors to have abortions , Palin criticized the ruling and suggested parental consent be instituted by constitutional amendment .
Hillary Clinton is to be nominated as secretary of state next week , according to Barack Obama 's aides .
The president - elect plans to announce the move after next Thursday 's Thanksgiving holiday , the unnamed aides told Associated Press .
They said complex vetting procedures had been resolved after Clinton 's husband and former president , Bill , handed over information about all the donors to his foundation , which operates in more than 40 countries .
Clinton 's aides refused to comment .
She was reported to be planning to accept the role earlier this week .
But today 's New York Times quoted Clinton 's friends as saying she was wavering between accepting the role or taking on an enhanced role in the Senate .
Clinton would have to surrender her Senate seat , which she has held for eight years , to take the job .
Some fellow Democrats and government insiders have questioned whether Clinton is too independent and politically ambitious to be an effective secretary of state .
But a senior Obama adviser said the president - elect has been enthusiastic about naming Clinton as his top diplomat , believing she would bring instant stature and credibility to US foreign relations .
The aides said Obama and Clinton had had substantive conversations about the secretary of state job .
They met in Chicago last week at Obama 's transition team headquarters .
Obama is likely to choose the Arizona governor , Janet Napolitano , to be secretary of homeland security , top Obama advisers and several Democrats said yesterday .
So far , Obama has informally selected the Washington lawyer Eric Holder as attorney general and the former Senate majority leader Tom Daschle as health secretary .
But the plans could be sidetracked by unexpected glitches in the final vetting process , officials cautioned .
Other possible posts include the retention of the defence secretary , Robert Gates .
Aides say he would stay temporarily and later give way to the former navy secretary Richard Danzig .
But the Republican senator Chuck Hagel and Democratic senator Jack Reed are also said to be under consideration .
Democrats also say that several people remain in the running for treasury secretary , including Timothy Geithner , the president of Federal Reserve Bank of New York ; Lawrence Summers , the former treasury secretary ; and the former Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Wednesday , October 1 , 2008
The fact that McCain said he yearned to be a dictator without so much as cracking a smile makes the comment all the more disturbing especially in comparison to similar sentiments expressed at least three times by George W. Bush .
During an interview with the Des Moines Register editorial board yesterday , John McCain – presumably making an attempt at humor – said with a completely straight face that he aspired to be a dictator , while decrying the Congressional rejection of the bailout bill .
“ I just want to make a comment about the obvious issue and that is the failure of Congress to act yesterday .
Its just not acceptable , ” said McCain .
“ This is just a not acceptable situation .
I ’m not saying this is the perfect answer .
If I were dictator , which I always aspire to be , I would write it a little bit differently . ”
McCain has urged the Bush administration to bypass the will of Congress and invoke executive orders to pass the bailout bill , along with a further $ 1 trillion dollar spend on buying up bad mortgage debt .
McCain ’s senior economic advisor Douglas Holtz - Eakin has also called on the executive branch to ignore Congress and force through the bailout legislation , which was voted down on Monday .
Another senior economic advisor to McCain , Phil Gramm , vice chairman of UBS ’s US division and a lobbyist for UBS , successfully pushed for foreign banks to be included in the bailout plan after they were initially excluded .
The fact that McCain said he yearned to be a dictator without so much as cracking a smile makes the comment all the more disturbing especially in comparison to similar sentiments expressed at least three times by George W. Bush .
Bush infamously said , “ If this were a dictatorship , it would be a heck of a lot easier , just so long as I ’m the dictator , ” during a December 2000 speech .
He also remarked , “ A dictatorship would be a heck of a lot easier , there ’s no question about it , ” in a July 2001 Business Week interview .
When Bush was Governor of Texas in 1998 he stated , “ You do n’t get everything you want .
A dictatorship would be a lot easier . ”
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
We advocate using CSS whenever possible , and we often successed .
Modern browsers have very good support for CSS — it ’s certainly good enough for you to use CSS to control layout and presentation .
Sometimes however , certain page elements will appear differently in different browsers .
Do n’t worry too much if you do n’t know the reason why , play around with the CSS rules and check out this post : Using CSS to Fix Anything : 20 + Common Bugs and Fixes as well .
If that does n’t work , you can fix it up with one of the 12 javascript solutions listed below and your Web pages should look great across all browsers !
In this article , we ’ll demystify 12 javascript solutions for the most common CSS issues that you ’ll encounter when building web applications .
You might be interested to check other CSS related posts .
1. Setting Equal Heights
Creating the visual effect of equal - height columns or content boxes has been a challenge ever since we abandoned table - based layouts .
This jQuery plugin “ equalize ” the heights of boxes within the same container and create a tidy grid — with little overhead .
From a usability and performance standpoint to use a simple JavaScript workaround : equalHeights ( ) function determines the heights of all sibling elements in a container , and then sets each element ’s minimum height to that of the tallest element .
How it works
equalHeights ( ) loops through the top - level child nodes of a specified element and sets their min-height values to that of the tallest .
Demo can be found here .
Another jQuery plugin “ equalize ” the heights of boxes .
$ ( " #col1 , # col2 " ) .equalizeCols ( ) ;
Will equalize the columns as expected
$ ( " #col1 , # col2 " ) .equalizeCols ( " p , p " ) ;
Will equalize the columns and add the extra space after the p tag in # col1 or # col2 ( whichever is shorter ) .
2. IE6 PNG Alpha Transperancy support
IE versions below 6 do not support png transparency .
With the use of hacks , support has been available in Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6 , but the hacks are non-ideal and have been tricky to use .
Lets take a look at what we can do to support IE6 users whilst taking full advantage of transparency for the majority of a site ’s visitors .
IE7 is a JavaScript library created by Dean Edwards to force MSIE ( IE6 , IE5 ) behave like a standards - compliant browser .
It fixes many CSS issues and makes transparent PNG work correctly under IE5 and IE6 .
It also allows for advanced CSS selectors .
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
Fix problems with PNG images in IE6 and below , works for both img-elements and css-background - images .
This plugin is an improvement to the original iFixPng plugin .
Features include :
The image or element with a background image does n’t have to be visible , background - position is now supported , including an IE absolute position fix .
( bottom : - 1 px || bottom : 0 px )
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
Here is a handy JavaScript function that changes any element of class oldClass to newClass in the current document .
This is especially useful for changing styles on the fly using CSS classes instead of hard - coded style values .
function changeClass ( oldClass , newClass ) { var elements = document.getElementsByTagName ( " * " ) ; for ( i = 0 ; i < elements.length ; i++ ) { if ( elements[i].className == oldClass ) elements[i].className = newClass ; } }
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
4. Browser selectors in CSS
What if you could just type a special selector , where you could write some javascript that sets a class name on , say , the element based on the name of the current browser .
This is a very small javascript with just one line and less than 1 kb which empower CSS selectors .
It gives you the ability to write specific CSS code for each operating system and each browser .
You could write some javascript that sets a class name on , say , the element based on the current browser .
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
Here is another solution on how to do these browser selectors so easily with jQuery , all you have to do is include the jQuery file , and the following piece of code :
$ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { $ ( 'html' ) .addClass ($.browser ) ; } ) ;
Now you can preprend your styles with .msie , .mozilla , .opera , .safari or .other depending on the targeted browser .
Demo can be found here .
5. min-/max - height & width support
Looking for CSS min-width , min-height , max - width , max - height , border -*- width , margin , and padding properties , here are some good jQuery fixes .
This is a jQuery plugin that adds support for min-width , max - width , min-height and max - height where they are not natively supported .
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
This small jQuery plugin adds support for the CSS min-width , min-height , max - width , max - height , border -*- width , margin , and padding properties .
Additionally it has one method for determining whether an element is visible .
Because all the size methods return numbers , it is safe to use them in calculating DOM element dimensions .
The example below shows that chaining can be used on methods that do not return values .
j Query ( function ( $ ) { var myDiv = $ ( ' #myDiv ' ) ; // set margin - top to 100px and margin - bottom to 10em myDiv.margin( {top : 100 , bottom : ' 10 em '} ) ; // displays the size of the top border in pixels alert ( myDiv.border ( ) .top ) ; // displays true if the element is visible , false otherwise alert ( myDiv.isVisible ( ) ) ; // set padding - right to 10px and margin - left to 15 px using chaining myDiv.padding ( {right : 10}).margin( {left : 15} ) ; } ) ;
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
6. Center Elements Vertically / Horizontally
You might have come across this problem before : centering elements vertically or horizontally .
Vertical centering is rather difficult in CSS , especially if you aim to support all major web browsers .
Fortunately , there are solutions that work , one solution takes the value for the left and right marginsfrom the height and width values , divided by two .
This plugin center any element in page , horizontal and vertical using the css minus margin method .
$ ( " element " ) . center ( ) ; //vertical and horizontal $ ( " element " ) .
center ( { horizontal : false // only vertical } ) ;
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
In this video tutorial , Jeffrey Jordan Way will show you how you can vertically center an image in your browser by combining CSS with jQuery ’s power .
7. Display Q tags in Internet Explorer
Quotation marks are supposed to render with use of the Q tag but not with use of the blockquote tag .
However , IE / Win does not render these quotation marks , and because of this , most web authors choose not to use the Q tag .
When you add this script to the head of your document to automatically sweep the page for Q tags in IE and display them properly ( including nested quotes ) .
When ( if ) IE supports Q tags in the future , this will have to be updated with a browser version check .
Download source file here
Say goodbye to boring ‘ Read More … ’ links by turning your entire content block into a clickable target !
Download source file here
Lazy loader is a jQuery plugin written in JavaScript .
It delays loading of images in ( long ) web pages .
Images outside of viewport ( visible part of web page ) wont be loaded before user scrolls to them .
This is opposite of image preloading .
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
Helps ease the pain when having to deal with IE z - index issues .
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
ieFixButtons is a jQuery plugin that fixes the buggy behavior of the < button > element in Internet Explorer 6 and 7 .
Demo can be found here .
Download source file here
Fixes the horizontal overflow in IE .
In particular , IE will place the scroll bar inside the overflowing element , and if the element is only one line , the scroll bar will cover the line .
This plugin will adjust the padding to fix the issue .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - President - elect Barack Obama promised on Monday to jolt the faltering U.S. economy with a costly stimulus package next year and introduced the team that will help him navigate the global financial crisis .
Obama , who warned again that the economy would likely get worse before it got better , declined to put a price tag on the two - year stimulus proposal which other Democrats have estimated at hundreds of billions of dollars .
The scope of the economic crisis has widened in the 20 days since Obama ’s White House win .
Auto companies warned they were short on cash , unemployment numbers rose and the government injected $ 20 billion into Citigroup .
“ These extraordinary stresses on our financial system require extraordinary policy responses , ” Obama said , adding his administration would honor public commitments made President George W. Bush ’s team to address this crisis .
Separately , the president - elect indicated he had not decided whether to roll Bush ’s 2001 tax cuts for the wealthy early or allow them to expire at the end of 2010 as scheduled .
Obama said his team was already working on the details of a package to save or create 2.5 million jobs and urged the next Congress to act on it immediately in early January .
“ We have to make sure that the stimulus is significant enough that it really gives a jolt to the economy , ” he said , describing its price only as costly .
“ I want to see it enacted right away .
It is going to be of a size and scope that is necessary to get this economy back on track . ”
Obama had harsh words for the struggling U.S. auto industry , acknowledging he did not want the sector to fail but criticizing company executives for failing to present a clear recovery plan when they testified before Congress last week .
Obama , who takes over from Bush on January 20 , confirmed his economic team at the news conference .
Timothy Geithner , 47 , president of the New York Federal Reserve Bank , will become Treasury secretary , and Lawrence Summers , 53 , a former Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton , will be director of the National Economic Council .
They did not speak at the event , which Vice President - elect Joe Biden also attended .
U.S. stocks rallied late on Friday after news leaks about Geithner ’s appointment .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
Stocks pared gains during Obama ’s remarks on disappointment over his refusal to specify a figure but then rallied strongly on the back of Washington ’s move to support Citigroup and on general happiness with Obama ’s new team .
“ People are confident in what ( Geithner ) can do , he ’s more market friendly , or he ’s perceived that way , ” said Neil Massa , senior trader at MFC Global Investment Management in Boston .
“ That ’s helping the overall tone of the market . ”
Slideshow ( 11 images )
DEFICITS , SACRIFICE , AUTOMAKERS
Obama said the country would see a substantial budget deficit next year , which he described as “ bigger than we ’ve seen in a very long time . ”
“ American taxpayers are understandably concerned , if we already have a big deficit , and now we ’re added an additional stimulus , how are we going to pay for all that ? ” he said .
“ The right answer is that we have to first focus on getting the economy back on track . ”
Obama said he would discuss steps toward a “ sustainable and responsible budget scenario ” at a news conference on Tuesday at which he is expected to announce further members of his economic team .
“ We ’ll have to scour our federal budget , line by line , and make meaningful cuts and sacrifices , as well , something I ’ll be discussing further tomorrow , ” he said .
Obama supports a bailout for Detroit automakers but said he was disappointed that the chief executives for General Motors Inc. , Ford Motor Co. , and Chrysler LLC did not present a concrete plan in their testimony before Congress .
“ I think Congress did the right thing , which is to say , ‘ You guys need to come up with a plan and come back before you are going to get any taxpayer money , ’ ” he said .
Obama has kept a low public profile since his November 4 victory over Republican John McCain , remaining in Chicago to pick his Cabinet but not formally announcing any of his choices .
Geithner was the first official Cabinet announcement .
Obama also named University of California , Berkeley , economics professor Christina Romer to head his Council of Economic Advisors and Melody Barnes to head his Domestic Policy Council .
Barnes , a former chief counsel on the Senate Judiciary Committee , was a policy advisor to Obama ’s presidential campaign .
Summers is also a possible successor to Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , whose term ends in January 2010 .
In Washington , Bush said the government stood ready to help the banking system as it did with Sunday ’s Citigroup deal .
Bush , speaking after a meeting with Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , said he had also spoken with Obama about the Citigroup rescue and promised to inform the incoming president and his economic team of any future major decisions .
There is a passage towards the end of Raj Patel 's book , Stuffed and Starved , which elevates its author to the rank of soothsayer .
He wrote it at the beginning of 2007 , well before the roar of anger about rising food prices that resounded across the planet and that he so uncannily and accurately predicted .
The passage begins with Patel 's summary of earlier sections of the book in which he depicts the wasteland , as he calls it , of the modern food system .
It is a system that destroys rural communities , poisons poor city dwellers , is inhumane to animals , demands unsustainable levels of use of fossil fuels and water , contributes to global warming , spreads disease and limits our sensuousness and compassion .
As if that litany was n't enough , he then adds this : " Perhaps most ironic , although it is controlled by some of the most powerful people on the planet , the food system is inherently weak .
It has systemic and structural vulnerabilities that lie close to the surface of our daily lives .
All it takes to expose them is a gentle jolt . "
When he wrote that passage , Patel had in mind his native Britain and its occasional history of food crises .
There was the oil crisis of 1973 that prompted panic - buying in the shops .
Or 2000 , when protesting truckers blockaded the oil refineries and the shelves again came close to emptying .
Those events inspired Patel to contemplate a startling question : " What would have happened , " he wrote , " had all the food on the shelves run out ? "
He left that question dangling in the book .
But he got thinking about it again as he was on a tour of Australia last August promoting the book .
As he travelled from Perth to Melbourne and then Sydney he kept being asked the same question : how did the drought that by then was already biting hard on Australian farmers as well as on consumers who were suffering rising prices , fit into his critique of modern food production ?
As he faced his audiences , it began to look to Patel , in a tentative , creeping way , that the gentle jolt he had written about was really happening .
" What was weird was that the stories I was hearing about drought and farmers in desperation were very similar to the stories that had been told to me in India a couple of years before .
They were all about small independent farmers up to their eyeballs in debt .
They had borrowed hugely to make a go of it , and then there 'd been a shock - in Australia it was drought , in India it might be harvest failure , in Britain foot - and - mouth .
It only takes one small shock . "
And then the agricultural slurry really hit the fan .
The first intimations of something truly out of the ordinary came in Mexico in early 2007 , before he had finished writing Stuffed and Starved .
There were reports of unrest in some of the larger cities about rising food prices , partly related to the decision of the US government to divert huge quantities of corn to ethanol production , in an attempt to reduce dependence on foreign oil .
Then early this year some eight months after Patel had finished writing about the risk of gentle jolts - the so - called " silent tsunami " began .
Food prices appeared to be out of control , spiralling up by 68 % in the case of rice in the first four months of this year alone .
Wheat and corn almost doubled in a year .
Such hikes on the costs of the basics of life hit the urban poor in the cities of the developing world hardest , and the misery was soon made manifest in the form of unrest .
Impromptu protests grew into angry marches and then erupted into food riots .
In Haiti six people died and the prime minister was ousted from power .
Two days of rioting ensued in Egypt and 24 people died in Cameroon .
The pattern repeated itself right across the developing world , from Guyana and Bolivia to Ivory Coast , Surinam and Senegal , Yemen , Uzbekistan , Bangladesh and South Korea .
Wild events in turn prompted wild official responses .
Vietnam introduced a night curfew on harvesting machines to stop illegal raiding of the fields ; any Filipino caught hoarding rice was threatened with life in jail , Malaysia cancelled all public building works and switched instead to stockpiling food .
Even the rich western world was hit .
Food prices in the UK have risen almost 7 % year on year , shaking the government 's economic confidence .
And if any doubts remained about the severity of this crisis , Wal - Mart , the supermarket goliath that stands at the pinnacle of the modern food system , announced it was imposing a four - bag limit for rice on its cash - and - carry customers to stop a run on supplies .
For millions of people around the world the soaring prices have spelt disaster - the World Bank has put the number of people who have been pushed into hunger at 100 million .
But for one person , the impact has been strangely and paradoxically counter - factual .
When Stuffed and Starved - Patel 's first book - came out last August , he and his publishers imagined it would at best enjoy a specialist readership among globalisation activists attuned to issues of corporate greed and exploitation .
But the food crisis has turned it from being a niche read into the literary equivalent of a crystal ball .
As a result , the demand has in Patel 's words " gone bonkers " .
Reprints have been ordered in Britain , the US and Spain , deals done for editions in Italy , China and South Korea and half a dozen translations are under discussion .
" If I had been this popular at school I 'd be a different man today , " he quips .
His analysis of the crisis , as the author of the book that predicted it all , is now hotly sought after .
Or as Patel , who has the savvy Londoner 's gift for self - deprecation , puts it : " Spank me , and call me Cassandra ! "
We meet for lunch in a restaurant within a Big Mac 's throw from Capitol Hill in Washington .
It 's trivial I know , but it 's impossible not to be curious - a little intimidated even - about what Patel will order from the menu .
He points out in his book that the livestock industry is responsible for 18 % of greenhouse gas emissions , more than cars .
So will he go for the hanger steak ?
He asks for a pizza with goat 's cheese and mushrooms , but when I ask whether his choice was politically or ethically motivated , he laughs .
" I have n't had a steak in my life .
Growing up in a Hindu household , I clamoured for hamburgers like any other kid and my parents said : ' Oh , if you must . '
But they drew the line at steak . "
Patel sees in himself , and his eating habits , a tale in microcosm of the globalisation he writes about .
His family on his mother 's side were civil servants in Kenya , and tin miners in Fiji on his father 's side .
They both were drawn to the mother country , arriving in London in the 60s , where they met .
It later became a cliche , but they were among the first to open up " Mr Patel 's corner shop " , working 18 - hour days in an era before 24 - hour supermarkets .
The earliest memories of their son , who was born in 1972 , are of playing among the fags , mags and sweets in the shop in Golders Green .
It would be too neat , I hazard , to suggest that his parents were forced to close down the shop because of competition with the supermarkets ?
" My dad did very well for himself , " he replies , speaking with a high - velocity stammer .
" But they were certainly driven out .
You can't compete any more , the corner shop is a dying industry . "
Despite those difficulties , the Patels did proud by their son , sending him to a north London grammar school , then to Oxford where he studied PPE , and finally to Berkeley in California .
Along the way , he became interested in , and engaged with , the anti-globalisation movement .
He was among the thousands who protested in Seattle against the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) in 1999 , and it was there that he came face to face with what he calls the " march of the farmers ' movement " in the form of arguably the world 's largest network of independent organisations , La Via Campesina , which represents around 150 million farm workers and smallholders across the globe .
" I was struck by their sophisticated and detailed critique of the WTO .
Seven years before Seattle they had already translated the draft text of the Dunkel report [ on trade ] into Kannada and were distributing it in the fields . "
He began delving more deeply into the subject of trade , food policy and agricultural resistance as an analyst at Food First , a radical thinktank in Oakland , where an idea for a book emerged .
It began life as a meditation on choice , or the lack of it - Coke v Pepsi , McDonald 's v Wendy's .
Its working title was Choice Cuts .
Over the next three years he travelled to research the book from South Africa , Europe and South Korea to Brazil , Mexico and the US .
In the process the thesis grew bigger in scope and more refined .
Its focus was no longer just a lack of consumer choice , it embraced an entire world food system that can consign 800 million - more than one in 10 people on earth - to hunger while simultaneously inflicting obesity on an even greater number , 1 billion people .
Hence the book 's new , and in his opinion better , title .
His analysis shows how communities around the planet have been disempowered by a system that appears to offer an abundance of cheap food , but in reality dictates unhealthy and limited choices to an overworked and underpaid workforce that cannot afford any better .
" The figure that often stuns people outside the US when I tour with the book is that 20 % of American fast - food meals are eaten in cars .
People are incredulous and ask : is that because Americans so love their cars ?
But living here you see how hard people work , for a pittance , with no healthcare , no decent education , not even a hint of a pension - so it's not surprising that the one hot meal you eat a day you eat off your lap .
That 's where the food system becomes a lifestyle . "
Much of the broad argument in Stuffed and Starved will be familiar to those who have followed the debate on globalisation - how the liberalisation of trade has created a vast global market for heavily subsidised American and European agricultural products at the expense of local growers in the developing world ; how relentless pressure to drive down food prices over 30 years has seen rich ecosystems replaced by monocultures that rely on oil - powered machines , chemical fertilisers and pesticides to drive up yields ; and how international corporations and supermarkets that control the flow of technologies and of food itself have been the beneficiaries .
It is a portrait of the agro-economics of the madhouse .
" While we think our food is made for us , we are in fact being made for our food , " he says .
Take India , which he describes as a storm of contradictions .
" India has the most people in the Forbes top 10 billionaires list , but in the past decade the average calorie intake of the poorest has fallen .
There are levels of hunger we have n't seen since the British left , combined with the world 's highest levels of type 2 diabetes from the pressure of eating too much of the wrong kinds of food . "
Or take the UK , where food producers are now less than one per cent of the workforce .
The government may be committed to reducing global warming emissions , but meanwhile a quarter of all trucks on UK roads are carrying food and the average British family is driving 136 miles a year to buy it .
Or America .
This is the country whose farmers , food giants and supermarkets benefit most from the global system .
Such is the might of US food corporations that the double arches of McDonald 's are more widely recognised as a symbol than the cross .
Wal - Mart is the largest private employer not only in the US , but also in Mexico where Walmex takes in three out of every 10 pesos Mexicans spend on food .
Yet amid such largesse 35 million Americans do n't know where their next meal is coming from .
" You are hearing these amazing stories of working American families adopting coping strategies that I learned about in development sociology - skipping meals , growing their own fruit and vegetables , giving up on meat .
That 's happening right here right now . "
Which brings us back to the current food crisis .
What surprised him , he says , is not that the food system felt a gentle jolt - after all , he predicted it - but that it has been pummelled all at once by a perfect storm of troubles .
" We could have seen it coming because of the biofuels policy , which has always struck me as absurd , or the rising price of oil , or increased consumption of meat , or weird things happening with climate .
But all these things happened at once , and that sent food prices through the roof . "
And this time , there were none of the safeguards of grain stores , strategic food reserves , or import barriers that used to protect vulnerable economies from the vagaries of world markets .
They had all been removed in the liberalisation craze of the past few decades .
His prognosis is that in the short term at least the crisis will carry on biting .
Major institutions such as the World Bank persist , he says , in responding to events with the same failed policies of liberalisation of markets .
" There 's no reason why food prices should come down significantly .
And if they do n't , and there 's no real impetus for governments to redistribute spending power , people will continue to take to the streets . "
In the medium term , he 's confident that change is in the air .
He detects a growing seriousness and willingness to embrace new ideas in some unexpected quarters .
The reason we are chatting in a DC restaurant is that Patel has just that morning been giving testimony before a Congressional committee investigating the World Bank 's approach to food and development .
With representatives from the World Bank , UN , Monsanto and other monoliths listening in , he told the committee that industrial agriculture could no longer be relied upon to feed the world and that we need a shift towards less fossil - fuel dependent farming and a return to rich ecosystems based on natural crop rotations and organic fertilisers .
" Those are the kinds of things that are anathema to the World Bank and development analysts at the moment , and Congress normally does n't want to hear them .
That they called on someone like me is very weird , but very heartening . "
In the longer term , though , even the current food crisis may seem mild .
The world population is set to rise from about six billion today to nine billion by 2050 .
Global warming is likely to disrupt growing patterns and extend drought across Africa and the American south - west .
Water resources for irrigation will be depleted .
If we are already in a perfect storm , then we lack the terminology to describe what lies ahead .
I put it to him that any attempt to change world food production is like a game of poker with extraordinarily high stakes : it not only has to meet the massive yield of industrial farming - and say what you like about the modern food system , the one thing it has done is churn out mountains of the stuff relatively cheaply - it also has to raise it to support three billion extra hungry mouths .
Can his alternative model achieve that ?
" We 've got an energy problem , a fuel problem , a water problem and global warming all coming at us , " he replies .
" Monoculture is heavily C02 - emitting , water and fossil - fuel dependent .
Clearly we can't carry on as we are .
We can and we must meet this challenge with something new .
So the question is what ? "
That 's not entirely an answer to my question .
There is a slightly starry - eyed quality to Stuffed and Starved that is also striking about its author in the flesh .
When he talks of alternative farming techniques that offer a way forward , the examples he chooses come from Cuba , Venezuela and a project in Oakland that follows in the footsteps of the Black Panthers .
That 's hardly going to play well with sceptical American policy - makers .
The other element that is lacking from his prognosis is any role for science and technological innovation in the search for solutions .
Where technology does appear it is in the role of villain - GM crops are a ruse by Monsanto and others to secure corporate profits at the expense of the rural poor .
But is n't there a place for responsibly directed science in steering us through the coming maelstrom ?
Could n't GM , for instance , prove to be crucial in developing drought - resistant crops as global warming tightens its grip ?
" I 'm big on science , married to a neuroscientist , I love it , " he insists , protesting perhaps a little too much .
" I like the way Cuban science approaches the problem .
They say you can have GM crops if you can prove there 's no better way of doing things .
So they do n't have GM crops , because there always is a better way . "
Not exactly a ringing endorsement for the value of science .
But then that is not where Patel 's heart lies .
For that you have to look to politics , and political resistance .
The soothsayer 's next book , he says , will be a look at the individuals and communities who are refusing to bow down to the current global system .
He will soon be starting another journey to meet them .
On his list : the slum - dwellers of Durban and the homeless Americans who run the University of the Poor .
He sees in them a lesson for us all .
" We are victims , " he says as he polishes off his pizza and prepares to fly back to San Francisco where he now lives .
" If we are choosing between Coke or Pepsi , Burger King or McDonald 's , that 's not choice .
We should stop feeling guilty about that .
We should start feeling angry " .
· Stuffed & Starved is published by Portobello and available from the Guardian bookshop at £ 8.99 + p&p
Galaxies in the early universe ( Image : NASA , ESA , Hubble Deep Field team )
ONE of the grandest visions of physics could be a mirage .
Conventional thinking has it that all the fundamental forces of nature diverged from one single force soon after the big bang .
Now it seems that quantum effects may make it impossible to prove if this idea is correct .
In the 1970s , data from the Large Electron Positron Collider at CERN near Geneva hinted that the strong , weak and electromagnetic forces were beginning to converge at the energies created during particle collisions .
By extrapolating this convergence to much …
The Bank of England was under intense pressure last night to cut interest rates after new figures showed the economy had contracted for the first time in 16 years as it heads into recession .
The news hammered the FTSE 100 index , which lost as much as 9 % of its value at one point , wiping £ 90bn off the value of leading shares .
It also clobbered the pound , which suffered its biggest fall against the dollar since 1992 , to below $ 1.53 - a six - year low .
As recently as July , the pound would buy $ 2 , but it has been falling rapidly on evidence that the economy is slumping .
The pound also hit a record low against the euro yesterday of just under 82 p .
Official data showed gross domestic product contracted by 0.5 % in the July to September period - a much bigger amount than expected , the first fall since early 1992 and the biggest drop since the fourth quarter of 1990 .
" It 's a big shock that the decline is so large .
It is truly dire , " said Philip Shaw , chief economist at Investec .
Barring a miraculous bounce in the current quarter , the economy will fulfil the technical definition of a recession - two quarters of contraction .
Economists expect at least four more quarters of shrinkage in a row , which would be as bad as the recessions of the early 1990s or early 1980s .
Alistair Darling , the chancellor , said he was confident the British economy would get through this " difficult period " and reaffirmed the government 's commitment to help individuals and businesses .
" I 've lived through the recessions this country saw in the 1970s , 80s and 90s , " he said .
" The difference is this time we are determined to do everything we can , and as soon as we can , to help people so that if they lose their jobs they can get back into work , that if businesses get into difficulty we do our level best to help them . "
His words followed an acknowledgment from Gordon Brown and the Bank of England 's governor , Mervyn King , this week that recession was inevitable as a result of the global credit crisis and collapsing house prices .
George Osborne , shadow chancellor , dubbed it " a defining moment in the record of Gordon Brown " and said millions of British families were " in for a very difficult time in the months ahead " .
He added : " This is the day that we can all see that the central claims he made over 10 years - that he had abolished boom and bust and therefore did n't need to set aside money for a rainy day - have been shown to be completely false . "
The data from the Office for National Statistics showed that the fall in national output was widespread , with only agriculture and government services still growing .
Statisticians said the biggest falls were in areas such as financial services and in manufacturing and construction .
The Liberal Democrat leader , Nick Clegg , warned the UK was " on the edge of a new winter of discontent " .
He said : " These growth figures show that the credit crunch is hitting the real economy and harder and faster than was first feared . "
Charles Bean , the Bank 's deputy governor , warned that the economic slump was still in its early stages as a result of " possibly the largest financial crisis of its kind in human history " .
He added , though , that he hoped the worst of the crisis was past .
But yesterday 's figures largely related to the period before the collapse of investment bank Lehman Brothers in mid-September that led to the financial maelstrom of the past few weeks .
Economists said the current quarter and all of 2009 could see falling output and urged the Bank of England 's monetary policy committee ( MPC ) to add to this month 's half - point rate cut which took the bank rate down to 4.5 % .
" My comment to traders was ' dive , dive , dive ' , " said Brian Hilliard , economist at Société Générale in London .
" It 's a very emphatic entry into recession which underlines the need for very dramatic interest rate cuts which we think the Bank of England will deliver . "
Speculation is growing in the City that the MPC could deliver its biggest ever cut in the interest rate at its next meeting on November 6 , reducing it by one percentage point to 3.5 % , or that it could hold an emergency meeting next week to cut the rate , such is the gravity of the situation .
The TUC 's general secretary , Brendan Barber , said : " Urgent action should start with a cut in interest rates by the Bank to below 3 % .
The newly unemployed should be given more help by reversing cuts in Jobcentre Plus staff , increasing statutory redundancy pay and lifting the amount of redundancy pay that can be taken tax - free . "
“ Squeak : Learn Programming with Robots ” now free !
28 October , 2008
Stéphane Ducasse writes that his book “ Squeak : Learn Programming with Robots ” is now free .
The book was the result of a collaboration by Stéph with his wife who was a maths and physics teacher in a French school for students aged 11 – 15 , meaning that the book addresses many of the issues that are raised by children when first introduced to programming concepts .
It uses a simple environment written in Squeak Smalltalk to allow children to create and manipulate bots .
The book ( also known as the Bots Inc book ) was published by Apress in June 2005 , and received some very nice testimonials and reviews , with Huw Collingbourne saying that for “ a beginning programmer or someone who wants an easy - to - understand entry to the world of ‘ real ’ object orientation , it would be a real treat . ”
Thanks to financial support from ESUG , Stéph has now been able to buy back the rights to the book in order to release it for free .
He is now working to make the book available on his website , and translations are already under way .
The original book is still available for purchase both as hard copy and for download onto Amazon ’s Kindle .
A traditional to do list and a next actions list are superficially similar , but there are a couple of key differences worth noting :
Many of the individual items found on a to do list are multiaction tasks , or what in GTD are called projects .
Even something as mundane a “ Buy wedding gift ” would be considered a project if more than one action is involved .
For instance , if the gift had n’t yet been decided , there would be nothing to buy , so the “ to do ” would n’t be actionable .
The action that would enable the purchase would be the next action : an errand like “ Sur la Table : browse for wedding gift selection , ” or the equivalent action online .
Next actions have no dependencies .
This is illustrated in the above example .
If something has to happen before an action can be taken , then that “ something ” is the next action .
To do lists frequently contain items with dependencies — “ Give desk lamp to Angela ” instead of “ Call Angela : set up time to bring desk lamp . ”
If Angela were in the same room or building , “ Give desk lamp ” would be a next action .
If not , the phone call would be the next action , and “ Give desk lamp to Angela ” would go on project list .
MEGO : My Eyes Glaze Over
When an action item that depends on another action that has n’t been made clear , the tendency is to stare at the item and gloss over it instead of acting on it .
“ Give desk lamp ” is a simple thing to do , but without the action trigger to contact Angela for handing over the lamp , the written to do will probably sit on the list longer than necessary .
A few seconds of ensuring that the action item is actually the very next action can save days or even weeks of inaction .
Lack of processing = lack of action
On September 7 , I volunteered as an assistant organizer for a Meetup group .
I asked the head organizer if she had a date for the first meetup , proposing a tentative date and location in case she did n’t have one in mind .
She replied that she did n’t , but felt that my proposed date was too soon ( without a date in mind , what ’s the reference point for “ too soon ” ? ) .
On the 8th and 10th , I sent follow - up emails asking again if she had a date in mind , neither of which were replied to .
Since I ’m used to dealing with people who work at a slow pace , I sent my next email on the 19th , proposing a new tentative date .
On the 21st , I repeated the question in yet another email and received the following answer later that day :
I am trying * very * hard to stay out of contact for a few days to relax and rejuvenate for my birthday and to prepare for quitting my job and moving forward with my groups .
I have received all of your emails .
I ’ll be in touch some time during the week .
Any one of my messages could have been replied to in a few seconds with a simple “ no ” or , heaven forbid , an actual date .
Since the organizer collected my emails without processing them , an extremely simple task was treated as something complex enough to require several days of “ rejuvenation ” after sitting on email my two full weeks since the first message .
I sent another email diplomatically removing myself from the group , not stating my reasons .
As I predicted before I checked , as of today , more than a month later , there ’s still no set date for the meetup .
A higher standard of precision
The better you get at nailing down next actions , the more you notice when others do n’t .
“ Be in touch some time ” is not a next action , it ’s an intention .
What ’s the next action ?
Once a date has been selected , it would be , “ Email meetup date to Andre . ”
What ’s required to determine the meetup date ?
It might be something as simple as taking three seconds and picking the first whitespace on the calendar .
This is a thought process , not a character issue .
It ’s hard for people to recognize projects as stuck when they ’re used to working from to do lists that mix actions and projects indiscriminately .
When a project is placed on a to do list , the next action to carry the project forward still has to be decided , and in most cases , people will wait until they “ have time ” to decide instead of deciding right on the spot .
Doing the action might require more time , but defining the action should normally take a few seconds of engaged thinking .
If the next action ca n’t be defined in short order , it ’s usually due to a lack of information , in which case the next action is to get the information .
But “ Get information ” is n’t a next action ; it has to be a physical , visible action like , “ Call Sarah : get enrollment date . ”
This kind of granular thinking process takes a little bit of mental muscle , but the time savings from making the extra effort can be enormous .
( Photo credit : petit hiboux )
Technorati Tags : GTD , Productivity
At a customer today I was confronted with a situation where VMware ESX processes had log - files open that were already deleted .
This can happen when logrotate was incorrectly configured , or when operational staff removed big files to clean up diskspace quickly .
However when the file is still open , you can remove the file - entry ( link ) to the inode , but the diskspace will not become available until all kernel references to the inode are gone ( and a process having the file open counts as a reference too ) .
Killing the VMware processes that had the file open was not an option since we just wanted to truncate the file without impacting the guests .
There are 2 possibilities to truncate the file .
The first one is very easy .
First we have to find the entry in the / proc filesystem :
[ root@system root ] # ls -l / proc /2334 / fd/ | grep delete
lrwx ------ 1 root root 64 Aug 4 18:34 3 -> / path/to/vmware.log ( deleted )
Now we know the file - descriptor , we can do and truncate the ( unreal ) symlink to the inode :
[ root@system root ] # echo -n >/proc/2334/fd/3
Now this procedure is safe ( given that the process did not do anything with the file - descriptors in between ) , but it will not help with recovering the file itself ( in case you wanted that ) .
So the longer procedure involves debugfs .
By using lsof one can find the inode of the open file :
[ root@system root ] # lsof -p 2334 | grep delete
vmware - vm 2334 root 3u REG 8,5 43003904 46087 /path/to/vmware.log ( deleted )
This gives us the original location ( / path/to/vmware.log ) and the inode ( 46087 ) of the deleted file .
Now we have to find out on what filesystem / device this inode is from .
The easiest is :
[ root@system root ] # df -h / path / to /
Filesystem Size Used Avail Use % Mounted on
/ dev/sda5 1.7G 1.7G 0 100 % / path
Beware : the below commands are not for the faint of heart .
If you do something wrong you might trash your filesystem , crash your system or inadvertently kill a dozen puppies .
So we now know the device is / dev/sda5 and we can start creating a file - entry to the inode on the correct filesystem by doing :
[ root@system root ] # debugfs -w /dev/sda5 - R ' link < 46087 > / path/to/vmware.log '
Now the file entry is back , albeit it has no links referenced to it , so it is still considered to be deleted by the filesystem if the file is eventually closed .
[ root@system root ] # ls -l / path/to/vmware.log
-rw -r--r-- 0 vmware vmware 43003904 Apr 18 14:48 /path/to/vmware.log
Now you can access the original content , or you can truncate the file to free up diskspace .
[ root@system root ] # echo -n >/path/to/vmware.log
If you happen to know how one can also restore the number of links of that inode so that the file is in fact restored , please let me know .
I tried using modify_inode < 46087 > but that did not update the inode information when leaving debugfs .
This , apparently , is hilarious - it's all about peptides and the amino acid alphabet .
Full explanation here .
Buy from Zazzle
Liberal media , my ass
October 21 , 2008 by lestro
by lestro
This time it hits home because it is coming from one of my very favorite newspapers , The Philadelphia Inquirer ( as reported in the NY Times ) :
Over the weekend , the Philadelphia Inquirer joined the many newspapers that have endorsed Senator Barack Obama for president rather than Senator John McCain , contributing to the 3 - to - 1 advantage that Mr. Obama already has in newspaper support , according to Editor & Publisher .
Yet the Philadelphia Inquirer also endorsed Senator McCain .
That ’s not a typo .
On the same page that the newspaper published a 901 - word editorial supporting Mr. Obama , it ran just beneath it a 391 - word dissent in support of Mr. McCain .
Seriously .
They actually did that .
What the fuck ?
Officially , of course , nothing happened :
Brian Tierney , chief executive of the company that owns The Inquirer , Philadelphia Media Holdings , and who sits on the newspaper ’s editorial board , would not say .
In an interview on Tuesday , Mr. Tierney would only say , “ We do n’t talk about what goes on on the editorial page . ”
But the Times has its ways :
But another member of the Editorial Board , who asked not to be identified because of possible repercussions , said that it was Mr. Tierney who pressed the case for Mr. McCain .
After arriving at the meeting , the board member said , “ we went around the room ” and Mr. Obama was the “ overwhelming winner . ”
At that point , the person said , “ Tierney weighed in and made the case for McCain . ” Mr. Tierney , an advertising executive who in the past had been involved in Republican politics , was among a number of business executives who bought the Inquirer and its sister paper , the Philadelphia Daily News , from the McClatchy Company in 2006 for $ 562 million .
So let me get this straight :
It was actually the REPUBLICAN forcing his view on the newsroom and using his power and influence to try and sway an election ?
I ’d be shocked – shocked !
– if I did n’t know a few things : first , the vast majority of newspapers in this country – like TV and Radio stations – are owned by giant right - leaning corporations run by ( mostly ) old rich white Republican dudes .
Second , I worked at a newspaper in 2000 when the a message went out to the entire chain from the very tippy top of the home office :
Either you will endorse Bush or you will not run an endorsement .
I am not kidding .
The editor was furious .
From that point on , I decided I would never again will I put up with that “ liberal media ” bullshit and that anyone bringing that crap would get verbally smacked down for simply parroting back Republican talking points without knowing a goddamn thing about what they were talking about .
The idea of the ‘ liberal media ’ is a myth to help ideologues explain why the bullshit they say does n’t seem to match up with the facts .
Since the Right believes without a shadow of a doubt that they are , in fact , right about everything , clogging up their brains with facts and figures and such has no place in their lives .
especially if the facts say one thing when you are trying to say something else .
( Orwell called this doublespeak and the Bush administration and McCampaign have been quite good at it .
From the “ Healthy Forest Initiative ” which allows access roads and logging in national forests [ for private profit , it should be added ] to the ‘ Blue Skies Act ’ which allows massive - polluting coal plants to subvert rules to force them to clean up their smoke stacks to basing a campaign on an experienced reformer willing to challenge his own party and then selecting as a running mate a neophyte with absolutely no national or international experience simply because the right wing wanted a fundie on the ticket … )
Shame on Brian Tierney , especially after he made such a show out of making sure politics would not get in the way :
At the time they bought the newspapers , Mr. Tierney and his colleagues , aware of concerns over whether they would be accused of catering to their business interests , pledged not to interfere in the running of the newspapers .
At the news conference the day the the sale was announced , Mr. Tierney said all the investors had signed a pledge that they would not attempt to influence or interfere with either the news coverage or the editorial pages of the papers .
In an interview , he said the pledge would extend to the papers ’ endorsements of political candidates .
“ I understand the concern , but we do n’t want to be involved in that , ” he said .
By the way , read the endorsements .
The dissent is an embarrassing soundbyte version of McCain ’s stump speeches and commercials while the Obama endorsement is pretty well - considered and provides actual logical reasoning for giving him the nod .
But then again , Hypocrisy is the Republican way …
AOL 's advertising business is falling apart :
Ad revenue declined 6 % year over year .
Compare this to Yahoo , Microsoft , and Google , where domestic advertising grew 0 - 20 % .
AOL 's decline would have been worse if not for its search deal with Google .
Display ad sales were far worse , despite growth in pageviews .
Compare this to Yahoo , Microsoft , and Google , where domestic advertising grew 0 - 20 % .
AOL 's decline would have been worse if not for its search deal with Google .
Display ad sales were far worse , despite growth in pageviews .
The Platform A network business did not come close to offsetting the collapse of revenue from AOL 's own inventory .
A few quarters ago , Platform A's network growth was impressive , and , presumably , it grew again this quarter .
This means AOL 's more - profitable premium business is really sucking wind .
Excluding traffic acquisition costs , ad revenue declined a startling 18 % .
A few quarters ago , Platform A's network growth was impressive , and , presumably , it grew again this quarter .
This means AOL 's more - profitable premium business is really sucking wind .
Excluding traffic acquisition costs , ad revenue declined a startling 18 % .
Platform A has lower profit margins :
Thus , EBITDA declined more than revenue , despite massive cost cutting .
Thus , EBITDA declined more than revenue , despite massive cost cutting .
Pricing of AOL 's premium inventory continues to drop :
Ad revenue per unique visitor dropped 15 % year over year .
AOL 's cash flow before capital expenditures was solid under the circumstances , posting a decline of only 7 % ( the thousands of layoffs helped ) .
Given the decline of the ad business , however , the $ 1.2 billion in annual EBITDA the company is currently generating will continue to waste away .
The fundamental problem here is that there really is n't an " AOL " anymore :
The division is just a collection of quasi- related online assets such as AOL.com , AIM , MapQuest , TMZ , Weblogs , Platform A , and an ISP .
If Time Warner can't sell the whole thing as a unit , it should probably begin to dismantle it and sell it piece by piece .
On a positive note , Time Warner 's overall performance was solid .
Cable , TV Networks , and Films all did well .
The company reduced its outlook slightly on higher restructuring charges , but overall the company is performing well given the collapse of the economy .
Time Warner will generate $ 5.5 billion of free cash flow this year , which is exceptionally impressive .
See Also : AOL Key Metrics ( SAI Spreadsheet )
A few days ago the guys behind Pixelmator released the new version of their really cool app , and if you check out the Pixelmator site you will notice that they are using my Bokeh image .
I 'm very happy :) not just because of that but , also because I had the chance to test Tempo very early and it's good to be part of the testing team .
Anyway , this tutorial is the original Bokeh effect I created , the one I use for my twitter background and the inspiration to the Photoshop version .
You will see that this effect can easily be done in Pixelmator , actually much easier than in any other tool .
Step 1
Open Pixelmator and create a new document , I used 1920x1200 pixels .
Fill the background layer with Black .
Step 2
Add a new layer and go to Quartz Composer > Generator > Defocus .
Play with the settings , you can adjust size , blur , density , colors and even use hexagons .
The best thing is the Blur because that will simply avoid the use of other filters .
For this first layer use a big size and very blurry .
I used 0.50 for the Size and 0.30 for the Blur .
After that duplicate the layer and change the Blending to Color Dodge .
Step 3
Add another layer and simply repeat the previous step , this time however , create much smaller circles .
Also change the Primary Color to white and for the Blur use 0.01 .
The Blendings of this layer will be Screen .
Step 4
Again , add another layer on top of the others and repeat again the Defocus filter .
For this we will create the medium size circles .
I used 0.36 for the Size and 0.04 for the Blur .
Also the Primary Color is white and the density is 0.50 .
The Blending for this layer is Screen as well .
Tip :
The Defocus filter is a Random so probably you wo n't have the same result in terms of positions .
Step 5
Duplicate the medium size bokeh layer and just change the Blending to Color Dodge .
Step 6
Duplicate the Small size bokeh layer and move it up to the other layers .
Then just change the Blending to Color Dodge as well .
The color dodge will create a very nice light effect and add some depth to the layers .
Step 7
Select the Gradient Tool ( G ) and choose the default rainbow gradient preset .
Then create another layer on top of the others and fill it with the gradient .
Use the image below for reference .
After that just change the Blending to Overlay .
Conclusion
The Defocus filter in Pixelmator is really easy to use and the result that you can get just repeating the process changing some values and playing with blendings is really cool .
That 's why I like and recommend this app , you can create nice effects pretty quickly and with a gorgeous interface .
As I said in the other tutorials you will be impressed by how fast some filters are compared with Photoshop .
It 's definitely worth downloading and testing it .
Click on the image for Full Preview
Download the Pixelmator File
Click here to download the Pixelmator file used for this tutorial
Windows Live Movie Maker 2012 16.4.3505.912
Software for Windows that allows you to make and edit movies on your desktop
( Reuters ) - Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson is considering tapping the second half of the government ’s $ 700 billion financial - industry rescue fund , and rolling out new programs in response to worsening market conditions , the Wall Street Journal said , citing people familiar with the matter .
Among other things , Paulson is seeking ways to make it easier for households to borrow money and also looking for ways to reduce the burden of foreclosure on homeowners , the paper said .
The Treasury could not immediately be reached for comment on the report .
Politico
October 2 , 2008
Here ’s the quick list of the senators who voted NO on bailout / economic rescue .
Allard ( R )
Barasso ( R )
Brownback ( R )
Bunning ( R )
Cantwell ( D )
Cochran ( R )
Crapo ( R )
DeMint ( R )
Dole ( R )
Dorgan ( D )
Enzi ( R )
Feingold ( D )
Inhofe ( R )
Johnson ( D )
Landrieu ( D )
Nelson ( FL ) ( D )
Roberts ( R )
Sanders ( I )
Sessions ( R )
Shelby ( R )
Stabenow ( D )
Tester ( D )
Vitter ( R )
Wicker ( R )
Wyden ( D )
And here ’s the complete Senate roll call vote .
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D - Mass. ) , who is recovering from a brain tumor , was the only senator who did not vote .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Ohioans live in a state that it is important that all new voters are welcomed and that all of their votes are accurately counted .
We also live in a state that in the last election of 2004 , our Secretary of State , Ken Blackwell ( R ) , was eviscerated by the judge in his response over Blackwell ’s new directive to suppress votes in Ohio .
This is what the judge had to say to Secretary Blackwell , “ The exigencies requiring the relief being ordered herein are due to the failure of the defendant to fulfill his duty not only to this Court , as its injunction directed him to do .
The Proposed Directive remains …and is every bit as much in violation of HAVA .
Blackwell apparently seeks to accomplish the same result in Ohio 2004 that occurred in Florida in 2000 . ”
There is no grey area in what the judge had to say about Secretary Blackwell ’s tactics in 2004 .
Now we move forward to 2008 , Boehner ( R ) initially sent a letter to Mukasey , when he did n’t respond Boehner directly contacted President George W. Bush .
He wants Bush to get involved with the 200,000 new voters to make them either verify information or cast provisional ballots , which we all know are oftentimes thrown out .
In response to this possible suppression of new voters , Sen. Sherrod Brown , D - Ohio , and five congressional lawmakers , urged Attorney General Michael Mukasey not to intervene in Ohio ’s voter registration dispute where Republicans have challenged the integrity of 200,000 new voter registration forms .
“ The eyes of the nation are once again on Ohio in the Nov. 4 election in this critical election , ” Brown and the congressional Democrats said in a letter sent to Mukasey .
“ We have confidence in the work that is being done by Ohio ’s bipartisan group of election officials and by Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner .
We respectfully request that you refrain from taking any action absent more compelling evidence than partisan political requests .
“ According to testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee last year , Republican members of Congress exerted pressure on the Justice Department two years ago to bring an indictment in a public corruption case against Democratic officials before the November election so as to influence its outcome .
To his credit , the U.S. Attorney in question resisted this pressure .
You should do no less . ”
“ Unless action is taken by the [ Justice ]
Department immediately , thousands , if not tens or hundreds of thousands of names whose information has not been verified through the [ Help America Vote Act ] procedures mandated by Congress will remain on the voter rolls during the Nov. 4 election .
“ There is a significant risk if not a certainty , that unlawful votes will be cast and counted .
Given the Election Day is less than two weeks away , immediate action by the Department is not only warranted , but also crucial , ” Boehner said in a letter to Bush .
On Friday , The Public Record reported that Bush took the unprecedented step of asking his Attorney General to launch an investigation .
At issue is a federal law – the Help America Vote Act , which was passed when Republicans dominated Congress in 2002 – that requires states to verify the eligibility of voters .
The Supreme Court ’s decision vacated a temporary restraining order that had directed the Secretary to institute additional procedures under Section 303 of HAVA .
Boehner then sought , via the letter to Bush , to have Mukasey force Brunner to comply with HAVA ’s requirements .
In a letter to Mukasey , Brown and U.S. Representatives Marcy Kaptur , Tim Ryan , Zack T. Space , Betty Sutton , and Charles Wilson , said , “ we are concerned that complaints about the administration of HAVA in Ohio are designed to reduce the number of legitimate votes that are cast and counted in our state . ”
“ It is hard to find another explanation for complaints that are filed with only a few days remaining before the election , ” the lawmakers wrote .
“ To comply with HAVA , former Ohio Secretary of State Kenneth Blackwell , a Republican , instituted a voter registration database , known by the acronym SWVRD , in 2006 .
The State continues to maintain the SWVRD in accordance with federal and state law .
“ No complaints concerning its implementation or operation were received by the Secretary of State ’s office until the Ohio Republican Party initiated litigation on September 26 , 2008 .
The lawsuit sought to compel the Ohio Secretary of State to implement new standards for the SWVRD – standards that are not required under either HAVA or Ohio law . ”
It is unknown if Mukasey will pursue federal intervention or not .
This could potentially cause serious problems in many of the polling precincts ; that in the past , have had long lines to vote .
Which was caused by an insufficient number of voting machines , in heavily democratic areas , in previous elections – they have made some improvements on that in the last election cycle of 2006 .
" You are free to eat . "
M-x write - or-die
M-x no -more - die ,
( let ( ( write - or - die - time ( ) )
( write - or - die - init ( ) ) )
( defun write - or - die ()
( interactive )
( setf write - or - die - init ( run - with - idle - timer 3 t ' w - or - die ) ) )
( defun w - or - die ()
( interactive )
( kill - region ( point - max ) (- ( point - max ) 10 ) )
( setf write - or - die - time ( run - with - idle - timer
( time - add ( current - idle - time )
( seconds - to - time 3 ) )
()
' w - or - die ) ) )
( defun no - more - die ()
( interactive )
( cancel - timer write - or - die - init )
( cancel - timer write - or - die - time ) )
)
For those of you that write , or wish you wrote , or otherwise procrastinate while performing text - based activities , try out write - or - die .
It is a nice cattle prod ; if you do n't write for several seconds , it will punish you .
I find that the Kamikaze mode is most effective --- the punishment is that it will delete words , bit by bit , until you begin to write again .
However , I use emacs ; and switching from my carefully - tuned text - editor extraordinaire to a javascript - based text - box is a bit of a disappointment .
That 's why I threw together this emacs version of write - or - die .
Just paste the following into your init.el , and when the time comes , .
When you have accomplished your goal , and you 're set .
Possible improvements --- flashing colors , like the web-version has , to warn you of the time limit ; word - by - word deletion , rather than 10 characters at a time ; variable time limit ; etc .
But those can wait .
Right now I need to write another 10,000 words .
Apple has publicly posted in their HotNews feed that they are opposing a proposal ( Proposition 8 ) that seeks to eliminate the right to same - sex marriage in the state of California .
Apple has also donated $ 100,000 to the " No to 8 " campaign :
Apple is publicly opposing Proposition 8 and making a donation of $ 100,000 to the No on 8 campaign .
Apple was among the first California companies to offer equal rights and benefits to our employees same - sex partners , and we strongly believe that a persons fundamental rights including the right to marry should not be affected by their sexual orientation .
Apple views this as a civil rights issue , rather than just a political issue , and is therefore speaking out publicly against Proposition 8 .
Proposition 8 is on the California ballot for the November 4th vote .
We typically avoid political news stories on MacRumors .
Besides ( generally ) being off - topic , the debates surrounding an individual 's belief in politics can often degenerate into very heated discussions .
Due to this , we are keeping this story 's discussion thread in our Politics , Religion , Social Issues forum .
While anyone can read the discussion thread , only forum members with more than 100 forum posts will be able to post new replies .
Please keep the discussion civil .
Discussion thread has been closed .
Tiffany Nguyen sauntered down Dong Khoi street , swatting mosquitoes in the sticky heat .
Wearing 3 - inch black heels , she plunged through a crush of motorbikes spewing smoke and blasting horns , dashing toward a nearby restaurant to meet a friend .
Nguyen , 28 , grew up 7,800 miles from here in an Orange County suburb .
But for the last year , she has worked along this boulevard known as the Fifth Avenue of Vietnam , where boutiques crowd against old Parisian hotels .
For years entrepreneurs stayed away from Vietnam , a poor country with scant business prospects , where visas were hard to get .
No more .
Vietnam has flung open its doors and billions of dollars of foreign investments have poured in , clearing the way for a new generation of Vietnamese Americans who are finding both opportunity and adventure in the Communist country their parents fled .
Advertisement
Viet kieu , as overseas Vietnamese are known , are so pervasive here that Cal State Fullerton formed a Ho Chi Minh City alumni chapter .
Nguyen is a member .
A friend of hers is creating a Zagat - like guide for the city ’s growing number of restaurants .
Vietnamese expatriates are considered an important part of Vietnam ’s future , said Trung Nguyen , counselor of overseas Vietnamese affairs in the Vietnamese Embassy in Washington .
Once viewed with suspicion by the Vietnamese government , overseas Vietnamese are now being wooed back with relaxed business laws and promises of less red tape .
Overseas Vietnamese can now own land and get visa exemptions .
Tiffany Nguyen ’s family fled this city when she was 9 .
Her parents never looked back .
For a time , neither did their daughter .
“ Never in my life , ” she said , “ had I planned on going back to Vietnam . ”
Advertisement
Growing up in Fullerton , Nguyen quickly became Americanized .
She changed her first name from Thao to Tiffany and had few Vietnamese friends .
“ I was kind of whitewashed in high school , ” she said .
Nguyen stayed near friends and family for college , enrolling at Cal State Fullerton , taking a job with the American Automobile Assn. , returning to Fullerton to earn a master ’s in business administration .
An adventure
But a yearning for adventure prompted a trip to Ho Chi Minh City , formerly Saigon , two years ago .
Amid the rampant poverty , she saw thriving night scenes and swanky apartments .
She was captivated by the energy of the country ’s largest metropolis , a place of 10 million people .
Advertisement
Two days after graduation from business school , she moved here , settling in a charming hardwood studio on the edge of District 1 , where neon lights lure people into posh clubs and restaurants .
In doing so , she became part of an influential trend .
There are no precise statistics for how many Vietnamese expatriates are returning to live here .
But the number of overseas Vietnamese visiting for business or tourism have shot up -- about 270,000 last year , according to the Vietnamese government , triple the number that visited in 1990 .
Government officials say many of those people , like Nguyen , are deciding to stay .
The reverse migration of young Vietnamese Americans would have been unimaginable even a decade ago .
Their parents who escaped the Communist government after Saigon fell in 1975 still harbored deep bitterness .
In Orange County ’s Little Saigon , where many rebuilt their lives , merchants still display the South Vietnamese flag .
Advertisement
Nguyen did not know what to expect when she arrived here .
Her parents , who had escaped Vietnam after concluding it held no future for them , warned her not to go .
But she argued that the country had drastically changed .
Her parents relented .
Nguyen was thrilled by the city and the electricity it radiated , a place where mopeds whizzed at all hours .
She could walk outside and buy furry orange rambutan fruit from sidewalk peddlers .
She spent weekends in nearby Hong Kong , Malaysia , Thailand .
The job she found in the booming real estate industry was fast - paced , and the money was comparable to her U.S. salary .
She met a large network of overseas Vietnamese and businesspeople who introduced her to even more opportunities .
After less than a year , Nguyen jumped into the fashion industry , becoming the chief operating officer of one of Vietnam ’s leading fashion retailers , Maison Co. , which imports brands including Mango and Versace .
She is considered a ranking corporate executive and travels frequently , from showrooms in Milan and Barcelona , and manages 250 employees .
Such an opportunity , she said , would probably have been out of reach in the United States .
Dressed in a stylish red blouse and black pencil skirt , Nguyen stands out in the city when she walks past old women squatting on dirt roads peddling fruit and men lounging on broken plastic chairs drinking iced coffee .
The air smells of pungent street food and diesel exhaust .
Trash litters the streets .
Advertisement
But Nguyen also sees evidence of Vietnam ’s boom all around her : high - rise buildings , elegant hotels , flashy cars .
For every restaurant still without a modern toilet , there is a trendy eatery with air conditioning .
Still growing
Like most of the world ’s economies , Vietnam is feeling the effects of the global downturn .
Still , last year , the country ’s economy surged by 8.5 % , among the fastest growth rates in Asia .
Vietnam has benefited from several major economic trends in recent years , including the rapid growth of China , its huge neighbor to the north .
Billions of dollars of new foreign investments have poured in .
And compared with the last eight years , 20,000 more overseas Vietnamese visited in 2007 .
Younger Viet kieu “ are very popular because they are educated in the U.S. , ” said Jos Langens , head of VNRecruitment , a private recruiting firm , “ and they can implement Western values and ways of working . ”
Plus , he said , they bring language and cultural fluency .
Advertisement
Although salaries tend to be lower , Langens said many young Vietnamese Americans are inspired to be a part of their adopted country ’s development .
“ In the U.S. , they are one of many , like little wheels in a big machine , ” Langens said .
“ Here , they can really help a company or partner or field to develop and expand . ”
That ’s what enticed Will Ngo , a friend of Nguyen ’s who joined her for dinner recently .
“ Vietnam is the hot story right now , ” said Ngo , 32 , who worked for a Los Angeles investment bank before moving to Ho Chi Minh City a year ago to join one of the country ’s leading investment banks .
“ I would have had to put in another five years before I get to do what I do here . ”
Advertisement
After dinner , Nguyen and Ngo taxied to a nearby bar to meet friends , other recently arrived U.S. expatriates .
“ Can you believe that I speak more English here than when I lived in Orange County ? ”
Ngo joked , sipping whiskey and Coke as a woman warbled karaoke as Nguyen clapped and sang along .
Still , life away from one ’s home can be difficult .
Nguyen ’s vibrant social life and career boost notwithstanding , the transition to Vietnam has n’t been easy .
Unspoken cultural rules , such as allowing ranking officials to speak first in meetings , surprised her .
Conducting business in both Vietnamese and English , she quickly learned to hand out business cards with both hands .
She became frustrated managing Vietnamese employees with different ideas of productivity than in the U.S .
Advertisement
As she grew more homesick , Ho Chi Minh City ’s cramped pandemonium , which had seemed so exhilarating at first , became more of an annoyance .
Nguyen called her work here for Maison Co. a “ dream job , ” but the dream of picking up life in an exotic , vibrant place does n’t always last .
Like others who move here , Nguyen finds that America still tugs at her .
She misses her mother and her boyfriend in Orange County ; her grandma ’s cooking ; browsing South Coast Plaza .
Earlier this year , Nguyen decided to return to Orange County .
Much like her parents , she decided to leave her ancestral homeland for the country they adopted nearly 20 years ago .
That is where she feels at home .
Advertisement
“ I miss driving , ” she said .
“ And a good piece of rib - eye steak . ”
--
my-thuan.tran@latimes.com
Couples , Listen Up : ‘ Fight for Your Relationship and Not Against Each Other '
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Just a few years ago , Japan ’s big banks teetered on the brink of collapse and came to symbolize the moribund state of the world ’s No.2 economy .
A logo of Nomura Holdings , Japan 's largest brokerage , is pictured in Tokyo April 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Yuriko Nakao
Now , those same financial firms are helping reshape the global banking landscape .
Nomura Holdings 8604.T , Japan 's biggest brokerage , is snapping up the Asian arm of failed U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers LEHMQ .PK for up to $ 525 million , and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial 8306.T , the country 's biggest bank , is buying up to 20 percent of Morgan Stanley MS.N for as much as $ 8.5 billion .
Those deals have fueled speculation that Goldman Sachs GS.N , which like Morgan Stanley is transforming into a commercial bank , might turn to Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group ( SMFG ) 8316.T , Japan 's third - largest bank , with which it has a long relationship .
Once considered too naive and cautious for the high - risk , high - return world of investment banking , cash - rich Japanese firms are once again aggressively pushing abroad .
“ The balance of power in the global financial industry has changed dramatically over the past one to two weeks , ” said Shinichi Ina , banking analyst at Credit Suisse in Tokyo .
“ I do n’t think anyone imagined a few months ago that Mitsubishi would be making Morgan Stanley into a group firm .
I do n’t think they could have imagined it themselves . ”
Japanese financial firms have largely avoided the massive credit losses that tore through Wall Street .
Unlike Western rivals , Mitsubishi UFJ and others have largely shied away from riskier investments since their near - death several years ago , when they needed massive injections of public funds to stay afloat .
Now , the upheaval on Wall Street has changed everything .
While Lehman Brothers has filed for bankruptcy , Merrill Lynch & Co MER.N is to merge with Bank of America Corp BAC.N , and the U.S. Federal Reserve has turned Morgan Stanley and Goldman into bank holding companies , killing off the investment banking model that dominated Wall Street for more than 20 years .
DEPOSITS NEEDED
Morgan Stanley ’s deal with Mitsubishi UFJ will speed the U.S. firm ’s transformation into a commercial bank , improving its chances for survival .
The deal will give Morgan Stanley access to Mitsubishi UFJ ’s $ 1.1 trillion in bank deposits .
“ In this new environment I think people have recognized the importance of having stable investors and affiliations with large deposit - taking institutions , and MUFG ranks up there , ” said Jason Rogers , credit analyst at Barclays Capital .
In turn , Mitsubishi UFJ will get a seat on Morgan Stanley ’s board and potential for future business tie-ups .
Saddled with a faltering economy and a declining population at home , Japanese financial firms are increasingly looking for growth opportunities abroad .
Overseas acquisitions by Japanese financials already total $ 12.5 billion this year , up four - fold from the same period last year , according to Thomson Reuters data .
Mitsubishi UFJ ’s purchase of the Morgan Stanley stake would be the biggest overseas acquisition by a Japanese financial firm .
Mitsubishi UFJ last month bid $ 3.5 billion to buy the remaining 35 percent it does n't already own of U.S. regional bank UnionBanCal Corp UB.N , and analysts have said it could acquire another regional lender in the United States .
“ Clearly the Japanese banks have an opportunity , given that they have been less badly damaged by the broader credit crisis than some of their international peers , so they have the resources to make investments overseas at what appear to be attractive prices , ” said David Marshall , head of Asia - Pacific Financial Institutions at Fitch Ratings .
EYES ON SMFG , GOLDMAN
Analysts now wonder if Goldman Sachs may turn to SMFG .
“ SMFG has always had very close ties with Goldman Sachs so you ca n’t rule out some sort of a more comprehensive tie - up there , ” said Barclays ’ Rogers .
In 2003 , Goldman bought 150 billion yen of SMFG ’s convertible preferred shares .
In the 1980s , SMFG ’s predecessor bank helped bail out Goldman .
But the question remains about how much Japanese financials will actually gain from their overseas shopping .
Part of the problem may be the difference in culture .
Kirby Daley , senior strategist at Newedge Group in Hong Kong , said Japanese banks ’ recent purchases could be driven by wanting to keep up with the pace of internationalization .
“ Cultural issues may plague the integration of the old U.S. investment bank mentality versus the Japanese banking mindset , ” he said .
In the straight - laced world of Japanese banking , stability and seniority are highly valued , unlike the U.S. model that emphasizes individual merit and profitability .
“ The cultures are so different , ” said Ina of Credit Suisse .
“ You have the greedy investment bank and Mitsubishi , which is considered to have the most conservative culture among Japanese banks .
“ To effectively leverage the strength of the investment bank I think you need a certain degree of distance . ”
The state of New Jersey is insolvent .
Bankrupt might be a better word .
New Jersey is $ 60 billion in the hole on pension funding and the Governor is planning on skipping payments in a " pension payment holiday " until 2012 so as to not increase property taxes .
To top it off , the ongoing plan assumptions are 8.25 % .
Sorry NJ , that simply is not going to happen .
The Star Ledger is reporting New Jersey pension funds lost $ 23 B so far this year .
New Jersey 's pension fund has lost more than $ 23 billion this year , dropping to its lowest level since 2003 as a collapsing financial market battered its investments , a new state report shows .
The latest losses -- nearly $ 9 billion in October , and another $ 3 billion so far this month -- mean the fund is now worth $ 57.8 billion , or less than half the $ 118 billion in benefits it is due to pay out over time .
Sen. Bill Baroni ( R - Mercer ) , whose district includes many state workers covered by the fund , called the drop in value " a historic breakdown , " and demanded a legislative review and criminal investigation of the state 's investment policies .
While Clark delivered his report to the State Investment Council in Trenton , Gov. Jon Corzine was in Atlantic City promising a convention of local government officials that he would let them postpone about a half - billion in payments they are scheduled to make to the pension funds in April .
Specifically , Corzine proposed letting local governments skip paying $ 541 million of the $ 1.1 billion due .
They would gradually work their way back to full payments by 2012 under his plan .
Cutting the payments in half may avoid a big surge in property taxes , but it also will add to the shortfall in the pension accounts dedicated to local government workers , police and firefighters .
" As much as I prefer another course , I proposed this deferral simply as a practical bridge over today 's economic circumstances while reflecting the state 's reduced fiscal capacity for direct aid , " Corzine said , winning applause from those gathered to hear him at the New Jersey State League of Municipalities Convention .
" Taxpayers deserve the help .
And they are demanding it . "
Lawmakers would have to approve the " pension payment holiday " Corzine proposed .
Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts ( D - Camden ) said it " will get serious consideration . "
" Property taxpayers will shoulder an even greater tax burden in the three years following the gubernatorial election as municipalities raise taxes to pay for this year 's pension obligation , " said Sen. Kevin O'Toole ( R - Essex ) .
Q & A on the state pension fund
The fund that bankrolls retirement benefits for 700,000 public employees and teachers in New Jersey has lost more than $ 23 billion this year , falling to its lowest level in five years .
Q : Where did all that money go ?
A : The pension fund is invested in stocks and other accounts that are supposed to grow in value .
But like anyone else investing on Wall Street , the funds managers have seen the value of their investments plummet in recent months .
Their goal is to get an annual return of 8.25 percent ; since July 1 the fund has lost more than 20 percent .
Q : So how much is left ?
A : As of Wednesday , $ 57.8 billion .
Q : That 's still a lot of money , is n't it ?
A : It 's plenty to cover the approximately $ 5.2 billion that retirees collect from the system each year .
But when you add up the pensions and benefits promised to retirees and to current employees when they retire , the fund 's long - term obligations total $ 118 billion .
New Jersey drawing heat for hedge - fund foray
New Jersey 's pension fund is under fire over a series of hedge - fund investments , the Wall Street Journal said .
New Jersey made the investments last month , to funds run by BlackRock Inc ( BLK ) , Canyon Capital Advisors LLC and GoldenTree Asset Management LP , as they were " facing the equivalent of margin calls , " William Clark , director of the New Jersey Division of Investment , told the paper in an interview .
In effect , the funds , which had borrowed money for investments , either faced or anticipated facing demands from lenders for cash as the value of those investments fell , the paper said .
State legislators , upon learning of the investments , are questioning both the wisdom of the decisions as well as the process , according to the paper .
At $ 49.5 million each , the investments came just below the $ 50 million threshold that requires the fund to explain an investment to an oversight board before moving forward , the paper said .
What Happens Now ?
Can The Market Recover ?
One of the implications of Peak Credit is that financial earnings have peaked .
And because of reduced leverage , earnings in the financial sector are not coming back for decades .
Those earnings were all a mirage in the first place .
Next consider homebuilders given that lending standards have dramatically tightened at banks .
Those profits are never coming back .
What happenes to profits at major pharmaceuticals if and when the Obama administration allows drug imports from Canada and other places ?
One must also factor into the earnings equation boomers facing retirement in the wake of falling home prices and retirement accounts taking a cliff dive .
Trillions in potential spending power has been wiped off the books .
Expect boomers to travel less than expected , buy fewer toys ( boats , cars etc ) than expected , gamble less than expected , and downsize much more than expected in every aspect .
This in turn will reduce the earnings potential of non-financial corporations for decades to come .
Thus expectations that a new rip roaring bull market will commence once the market bottoms is sadly misplaced .
In the meantime , remember that rising unemployment , rising credit card defaults , rising foreclosures , rising numbers of walk aways , and declining earnings of non-financials means we have not even bottomed yet .
This secular bear market will last a lot longer and be much deeper than anyone thinks .
Sadly , very few are prepared for it .
Nikkei Monthly Chart
Think That Can't Happen Here ?
can
What Has To Happen
States have to dramatically raise taxes to pay for unrealistic promises
A voluntary reduction in pension promises will be negotiated
Cities , municipalities , and states declare bankruptcy or find other ways to default on promises made
Get Involved
Flight of white Britons from UK leaps to 70,000 per year ... but population still rising as Eastern Europeans come to Britain
Thousands of Britons leave our shores every year for a new life abroad , official figures show .
But although 75,000 ' white British ' men and women are moving away , the population is still rising because of an influx of ethnic minority groups .
According to Government estimates , the established white population of England dropped by nearly 250,000 between 2002 and 2006 .
It 's better abroad : Sun-worshippers enjoying Bondi Beach in Sydney - about 50,000 Britons head for Australia each year
Official figures have previously indicated that about 50,000 Britons head for Australia each year and about 30,000 for New Zealand .
Last year , a record 400,000 left the country to live abroad for at least 12 months .
Yesterday 's estimates , which show how each ethnic group grew or diminished between 2005 and 2006 , provide further evidence of so - called white flight ' .
The white British population went down by 70,400 over the year through emigration .
And the white Irish population fell by 4,600 because of emigration , bringing the total decline in the existing white population to 75,000 .
The figures have been calculated for every year back to 2002 - and this was the biggest decline yet .
In the previous year , there had been a drop of just 42,300 .
Better than Britain ?
Auckland in New Zealand , a country that about 30,000 Britons head for each year
In 2004 , there was a fall of 74,100 .
Even though there were more births than deaths , the white British and Irish population still fell by almost 15,000 in 2006 .
Immigration increased the numbers in other groups , notably among those officially categorised as ' other white ' , including arrivals from Poland and Eastern Europe .
This group grew by 70,600 in 2006 .
There were also increases in the Indian , Pakistani , African and Chinese ethnic populations .
The estimates were greeted with alarm by the immigration think - tank Migration Watch .
Its chairman Sir Andrew Green said : ' The unavoidable conclusion is that the whole nature of our society will change very rapidly unless the Government moves from spin to serious action , which the vast majority of the public want to see . '
Previous surveys by officials have shown that most of those who emigrate go to Australia , New Zealand , France , Spain or the U.S .
The most popular is Australia .
About 220,000 more Britons have gone to Australia than vice versa between 1996 and 2006 .
And 40,000 more Britons than Canadians have switched between the two countries .
Best move of our lives
Fed up with high crime , the rising cost of living and a lack of community spirit , Julie Parry and her family packed their bags and left Britain .
She and her husband Eddie , 42 , sold their house in Exmouth , Devon , in 2006 and moved to the remote town of Okotoks , in Alberta , Canada , with sons Brandon , five , and Frasier , seven .
Mrs Parry , 32 , said : ' Britain is n't the same country me and Eddie grew up in .
Happier life : Julie Perry with husband Eddie and sons Brandon and Frasier in Alberta Canada were they have moved
' It 's just the amount of crime and the high cost of living .
' We were both working yet at the end of the month there was hardly anything left .
We reached a point where we though there must be another way , so we moved . '
Going to Canada was ' probably the best thing we 've ever done ' , she said .
' The quality of life here phenomenal .
There 's such a sense of community .
Friends who visit can't believe how little things cost . '
Mrs Parry runs a business helping Britons move to Canada .
About 9,300 men and women aged over 100 were living in England and Wales last year , according to official figures .
In 1911 , just 100 were estimated to have reached their 100th birthday .
Somatic cells may divide only a limited number of times before undergoing replicative exhaustion .
Originally mysterious , the Hayflick limit ( named after the scientist who first characterized it ) is now understood at a mechanistic level : Each time a cell divides , the telomeres ( repetitive DNA sequences found at the ends of each chromosome ) become shorter ; critically short telomeres trigger a permanent growth arrest known as cellular senescence .
( Telomere shortening is in itself a consequence of the physical limitations of template - directed DNA replication ; using the inevitable shortening of chromosome ends as a kind of physiological “ clock ” is a wonderful example of nature making a virtue out of necessity . )
Not all cells are mortal , of course : Germ line cells and the pluripotent somatic cells known as stem cells express telomerase , the enzyme the lengthens telomeres , and thereby sidestep the Hayflick limit .
Stem -ness and germ - ness of a given cell aside , introducing the gene for TERT ( the catalytic subunit of telomerase ) appears to be sufficient to confer clonal immortality .
Within a tissue , telomerase - expressing cells provide a theoretically infinite reserve of replacements for other cells that die due to tissue injury , wear and tear , or even the clonal death resulting from hitting the Hayflick limit .
Expressing telomerase in a wide variety of somatic cells would therefore seem a tempting strategy for lifespan extension .
Specifically , telomerase expression could prevent any age - related decline in tissue function can be attributed to decreased regenerative potential .
We know why this is a non-starter , of course .
Telomerase is tightly repressed in most somatic cells , and for a very good reason :
What do you call a cell with an unlimited division potential that ’s not a stem cell or germ cell ?
Usually “ cancer . ”
Even for a tumor cell that has overcome the senescence checkpoints , the physical rules of DNA replication still apply , and telomeres will shorten every division until the cell is eating into its own coding DNA .
Therefore , it ’s essential for an ambitious young cancer cell to find a way to lengthen its own telomeres ; indeed , this problem is significant enough that it ’s considered one of the major steps in tumor progression .
In any case , an organism with widespread telomerase expression in its somatic cells would very likely find itself dealing with multiple neoplasias — hardly the right animal in which to ask questions about division potential and lifespan .
But what if cancer could n’t form for other reasons ?
In such a case , we could test the hypothesis that increased regenerative capacity confers increased lifespan .
That ’s precisely what a multi-lab collaboration from Spain has done ; they find that mice that express TERT in most of their cells live significantly longer than the wildtype .
From Tomás - Loba et al. :
Telomerase Reverse Transcriptase Delays Aging in Cancer - Resistant Mice Telomerase confers limitless proliferative potential tomost human cells through its ability to elongate telomeres , the natural ends of chromosomes , which otherwise would undergo progressive attrition and eventually compromise cell viability .
However , the role of telomerase in organismal aging has remained unaddressed , in part because of the cancer - promoting activity of telomerase .
To circumvent this problem , we have constitutively expressed telomerase reverse transcriptase ( TERT ) , one of the components of telomerase , in mice engineered to be cancer resistant by means of enhanced expression of the tumor suppressors p53 , p16 , and p19ARF .
In this context , TERT overexpression improves the fitness of epithelial barriers , particularly the skin and the intestine , and produces a systemic delay in aging accompanied by extension of the median life span .
These results demonstrate that constitutive expression of Tert provides antiaging activity in the context of a mammalian organism .
In mice expressing higher levels of three different tumor suppressors , cancer is essentially unable to form ( one way to think about it is that tumors are delayed longer than the lifespan of the animal ) .
In these animals , TERT indeed confers increased regenerative capacity and a significant increase in median lifespan .
Two questions , of many that one might raise :
First , why is the effect only on median lifespan ?
Inspection of the figures in the paper reveals that the cancer - resistant / TERT - expressing mice have a 50 % survival time that is 20 - 30 % longer than the wildtype — but by the time all of the oldest wildtype animals have died , so have all of the painstakingly engineered mutants .
The clear implication is that exhaustion of regenerative potential is more relevant to early - life mortality than late - life mortality — counterintuitive , because one would expect regenerative failure to get progressively worse as a function of time , and to make an increasingly important contribution to mortality later in life .
Second :
Mouse cells have really long telomeres , and telomerase expression is widespread in mouse tissues ( though not usually at high enough levels to prevent some telomere shortening at every cell division ) .
It takes mouse TERT knockouts around four generations of homozygosity to even begin to see a phenotype .
Granted , mouse generations are far shorter than mouse lifespans , so this is not the same as saying that it takes four lifetimes for TERT to make a difference , or for replicatively senescent cells to begin to appear within a given mouse .
But still , it makes me wonder what ’s going on .
Could telomerase be doing something else — i.e. , something other than lengthening telomeres — that is particularly important in determining median lifespan ?
“ Death by a thousand cuts . ” “ Fire - sale liquidation . ” “ A vortex of selling . ”
No matter how people described the market collapse that hit a month ago , the message was the same : it felt like there was nowhere to go but down , and it felt like we ’d be going there forever .
( Given last week ’s dip , it still does . )
Beginning on September 29th , the U.S. stock market fell on nine of the next ten trading days , plummeting twenty - six per cent ; then , after a short , sharp rally , it lost ten per cent more in less than two days .
Explanations for the crash often focussed on the hysteria and panic that periodically seem to seize investors .
But the madness of crowds was n’t the whole story .
In a healthy market , there are countercyclical forces — mechanisms and institutions that go against the general market trend and encourage diversity of thinking — that make it harder for feedback loops and vicious cycles to take hold .
Lately , though , many of these institutions and mechanisms have become procyclical : instead of countering trends , they amplify them .
Illustration by Christoph Niemann
Take , for instance , the credit rating agencies , which investors rely upon for evaluations of companies ’ creditworthiness and general financial well - being .
They are supposed to be a kind of early - warning system for investors , evaluating the health of companies in a way that ’s insulated from prevailing market trends .
Yet many studies have found that rating agencies are more likely to upgrade companies when investors are bullish and downgrade them when investors are bearish .
This makes rating changes less useful to investors and also means that they push the market in the direction it ’s already going .
On October 9th , Standard & Poor ’s announced , late in the day , that it was considering downgrading G.M.
That helped an already shaky market fall four per cent in the final hour of trading .
Wall Street analysts have also been good at pouring gasoline on a raging fire .
Analysts ’ ability to take the long view and scrutinize company fundamentals should make them a counterweight whenever investors get too giddy or too gloomy .
And sometimes it works that way : last fall , when investors were still relatively optimistic about banks , Oppenheimer ’s Meredith Whitney correctly forecast serious trouble for the industry .
More often , though , we see what the U.C.L.A. finance professor Bradford Cornell calls “ positive feedback between stock price movements and analyst recommendations . ”
In other words , analysts often end up following the market , rather than leading it .
In the case of a sell - off , this tends to make a bad situation worse .
Earlier this month , Goldman Sachs downgraded steel companies like AK Steel .
A bold call , you might think , except that it came only after AK Steel ’s stock had fallen nearly seventy - five per cent in two months .
Rating agencies and Wall Street analysts are always with us .
But the most destructive procyclical force in today ’s market is relatively new — hedge funds .
There ’s an irony here : hedge funds have been touted as a great countercyclical force .
Because hedge - fund investors , unlike mutual - fund investors , usually can’t pull their money out on a daily basis , the funds were supposed to be able to take a longer - term view and pursue contrarian strategies ( like the hedge - fund manager John Paulson ’s huge bets against the subprime bubble ) .
Because they can follow myriad investment strategies — selling short as well as going long , trading derivatives , and so on — they were supposed to add diversity to the market .
And the growing influence of hedge funds did indeed coincide with a decline in market volatility .
A study by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland showed that hedge funds generally made markets more stable .
Unfortunately , what was true of normal markets has turned out to be irrelevant in a crisis .
Hedge - fund investors ca n’t ask for their money back tomorrow , but they commonly can ask for it at the end of any quarter , and after the market ’s tumble this summer many of them did just that — to the tune of more than forty billion dollars in September alone , according to one estimate .
The funds had to raise cash to meet those redemptions , which led them to dump stocks seemingly without regard to price .
This colossal liquidation led stocks with a high percentage of hedge - fund ownership to fall , in some cases , forty or fifty per cent in a matter of weeks .
The problem was magnified by the fact that the funds inevitably piggyback on one another ’s trades , which made the selling feed on itself .
And the faster funds ’ positions shrank the more shares they had to sell in order to raise cash .
The process was made still more destructive by many hedge funds ’ reliance on leverage — funds often make bets totalling four or five times their capital .
On the way up , leverage is great for maximizing returns .
On the way down , it ’s great at maximizing pain .
The great paradox of the sell - off , then , is that the factors that were supposed to increase the flow of information to investors , foster long - term thinking , and encourage contrarian positions did exactly the opposite .
If there ’s a silver lining in all this , it ’s that investors who can endure past the present moment now have the chance to buy what at least look like very cheap stocks .
Still , it ’s not surprising that investors have been unwilling to step up .
It ’s hard enough to catch a falling knife .
But it ’s nearly impossible when hedge funds are hurling it . ♦
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran has successfully launched a rocket called “ Kavosh 2 , ” Iran ’s state media reported on Wednesday , displaying the Islamic state ’s advances in ballistics at a time when the West is worried about its nuclear ambitions .
The launch follows an announcement earlier this month that Iran had test - fired a new generation of surface - to - surface missile , saying the Islamic Republic was ready to defend itself against any attacker .
Tensions between Iran and Israel have been running high in recent months amid speculation of possible U.S. or Israeli strikes against Tehran ’s nuclear facilities , which the West suspects form part of a covert weapons program .
Tehran insists its nuclear work is aimed at generating electricity to meet Iran ’s booming demand .
State television did not give any further details about “ Kavosh 2 , ” which means “ Explorer 2 , ” saying details about the home - made rocket will be announced later .
“ The rocket was launched to register and send correct environmental data and ( to test ) separation of the engine from the body , ” state radio said .
The long - range ballistic technology used to put satellites into space can also be used for launching weapons .
Iran caused international concern in February by testing a domestically made Explorer 1 rocket as part of its satellite program .
Tehran said it needed two more similar tests before putting a domestically made satellite into orbit .
The United States , the Islamic Republic ’s arch foe , called the February rocket test “ unfortunate ” and said it would only further isolate Tehran from the international community .
On August 17 , Iran said it had put a dummy satellite into orbit on a domestically made rocket for the first time .
U.S. officials said the attempted launch was a failure .
Western experts say Iran rarely gives enough details for them to determine the extent of its technological advances , and much Iranian technology consists of modifications of equipment supplied by China , North Korea and others .
Sean T. EcoMod Wannabe
Join Date : Apr 2008 Location : Lake Orion , MI Posts : 448
Taurusaurus Rex - ' 97 Ford Taurus GL ( Sedan )
90 day :
Blue Wagon - '00 Ford Taurus Wagon SE Comfort
90 day :
- '97 Ford Taurus GL ( Sedan ) 90 day : 19.39 mpg ( US ) - '00 Ford Taurus Wagon SE Comfort90 day : 19.61 mpg ( US ) Thanks : 6 Thanked 16 Times in 9 Posts
I bet y'all are soooo jealous of me :-p 56 K BEWARE !
I know , I know , it has absolutely nothing to do with EVs , but wait ...
I decided to take advantage of a very little known fact .
In a College of Creative Stuidies building , just across the street from the DIA sits ... none other than ... an EV1 !!!!!!
As promised to Oval_Overload , here are loads and loads of pictures
It looked very sad , and I very much wanted to take it home with me Well ... a friend and I decided to take a trip down to Detroit ... to visit the Institute of Art. I know , I know , it has absolutely nothing to do with EVs , but wait ... I decided to take advantage of a very little known fact .
In a College of Creative Stuidies building , just across the street from the DIA sits ... none other than ... an EV1 !!!!!!
As promised to Oval_Overload , here are loads and loads of pictures
It looked very sad , and I very much wanted to take it home with me
__________________
A mom gives birth to her 5th baby in a hot tub outside at her home with all 4 daughters and daddy watching !
Mom relaxes through active labor while 3 of her 4 daughters sleep ( as well as the dog ! ) .
Mom moves into the hot tub as she feels things are picking up quickly ... this is about 2 hours before delivery .
Dad stays by her side , remaining a constant emotional support .
For most of active labor and transition , mom and dad are left alone ... mom prefers it that way .
You would never know from looking at her face that mom is entering transition .
The midwife checks the baby 's heart tones between contractions during transition .
One of the last few contractions before she begins to push , dad is her strength as she surrenders herself to the labor .
The children begin to make their way outside , knowing mom will start pushing soon .
They are excited about the new baby that 's about to be here !
Mom takes her shorts off quickly , and her grip on dad 's hands tighten as her brow furrows and she begins to become an active participant again ... pushing with the contraction .
All 4 girls watch with excitement .
After only a few pushes , the baby 's head begins to crown .
Absolutely silent except for the breeze blowing through the patio screens , mom begins to feel the head emerge .
The look on her face shows the effort and the intense concentration she has while pushing .
Mom reaches down and gently guides the baby 's head out into her hands .
She takes a moment to feel the baby 's head .. to explore the features ...
As the shoulders become free , she reaches under the baby 's arms while the baby is still inside of her from the waist down .
A new soul is born into this world , gently lifted out of the water by mommy 's hands and into mommy 's arms .
While preparing to take the first breath , mom and baby take a moment to officially meet .
Baby is n't crying .. so the midwife quickly checks to make sure the cord is still pulsing blood and oxygen to the baby .
It is .. and baby is pink and healthy ( just does n't see a reason to cry right now ! ) .
While the midwife checks the cord , mom sneaks a peek between the baby 's legs .
She looks up at daddy ...
" It 's a boy it 's a boy it 's a boy it 's a boy ... "
Dad looks stunned .." You 're kidding ! "
After 4 girls , their first son is born .
The sisters meet with happiness their newest baby brother .
( the 3 year old later says , " I was tired of girls . " )
Baby looks up at mommy while enjoying his first meal .
Big sister pats mom on the back and tells her that she 's proud of her .
They were so used to girls , they had n't picked a name !
Dad gets the list and they choose the baby 's name while mom and baby cuddle .
45 minutes after birth , big sister cuts the umbilical cord and baby is handed to daddy .
Daddy finally holds and meets his son who looks up at him with very alert eyes .
Finally mom decides that it 's time to get out of the tub .
Only an hour and a half after delivery , she walks to the bathroom for a shower .
This boy is going to have a lot of love in his life !
Happy birthday ...
= mediawiki - Accessing MediaWiki from Haskell = ' mediawiki ' is a Haskell package providing a comprehensive binding to the programmatic interface to MediaWiki ( aka , ' the MediaWiki API ' ) - http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API
The binding is allegedly complete ( 2008 - 11 - 17 ) , letting you write applications in Haskell that accesses and ( if enabled by target Wiki ) manipulate content on MediaWiki pages .
=
Getting started =
For some code samples showing you how to get started using this API binding , have a look in the examples / directory .
=
Building and installing =
This package is provided in Cabal form , so only thing you need to do to get going is : foo % runghc Setup configure foo % runghc Setup build foo % runghc Setup install
The package depends on a bunch of other packages though , so you need to have them built&installed , as well .
They are : * HTTP : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/HTTP
* xml : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/xml
* mime : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/mime * utf8 - string : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/utf8-string = Feedback / question =
Please send them to sof@forkIO.com , and I 'll try to respond to them as best / quickly as possible .
[ social_buttons ]
Florida authorities have announced bold plans to begin running many of the state ’s trains on biodiesel .
The switch will result in a significant reduction in carbon emissons and drastically reduce the chances of soil pollution in the event of a fuel spill .
Under the plan , South Florida ’s Tri-Rail system is to operate 8 of its fleet of 10 locomotives on a 99 per cent blend of either soya or palm oil .
The move has been hailed as an important step towards energy independence by the nation ’s top transport regulator , the Federal Transit Administration .
>> More on rail at Green Options
Speaking on Wednesday , FTA spokesman James S. Simpson said , “ The Federal Transit Administration is committed to encouraging the use of alternative fuels in the nation ’s rail and bus systems . ”
However , the chances of a nation - wide rollout are limited since the relatively temperate climate in South Florida means that Tri-Rail is one of the few commuter rail franchises in the US capable of running on such a pure blend of biodiesel .
Even given the proven environmental benefits of biodiesel , some environmentalists are critical of the broader implications of some types of biofuel , and point to potentially damaging side - effects on biodiversity and food supply .
Now , if we could just get the trains to run on algae - based biodiesel …
Image Credit – OiMax via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
The eROCKIT ®
eROCKIT , the unique pedal - powered electric motorcycle .
The innovative , clutch - free direct drive of the eROCKIT intelligently adapts to the intuitive pedal control .
The operation is very simple :
The human is pedaling and bike multiplies his muscle power many times and makes the driver happy with an indescribable , magical driving experience .
The eROCKIT - a Human Hybrid .
10 vids i put together of some of the scariest or just ' Crash Landed ' but we 're safe compilation .
Cheers ...:)
The sad thing about tonight 's debate is that the candidates will be seated , at a table , so we wo n't get to see McCain wandering around again .
But , you know , he will still be speaking , so we imagine we 'll get a couple moments along the lines of the ones collected in this video .
It 's McCain 's Lovable Senior Moments , like when he called a questioner " you little jerk " ( funny ! ) and when Joe Lieberman had to whisper in his ear the difference between Sunnis and Shiites ( hilarious ! ) .
Intern Stephanie Dooley compiled the clip , so please send your accusations of terrible ageism to her .
( Or just get over it ! )
Human rights organisation Amnesty International is calling on the Haitian government to do more to tackle the widespread rape of girls , often by gangs of armed men .
Mary Jane spent two years in jail for killing a man who raped her Amnesty says 55 % of the 105 rapes reported so far this year were of girls aged under 18 .
In August , the BBC's Xanthe Hinchey visited Haiti where one young woman told her story of being raped .
Mary Jane is a shy and skinny 16 - year - old .
She speaks quickly and so quietly that you almost have to stop breathing to hear her speak .
She stares straight ahead when she tells me what happened to her two years ago .
" I was on my way to buy water for my mother when a man from my neighbourhood grabbed me and said he would rape me , " she says .
" As soon as he said that I ran .
But he ran after me and trapped me in a corridor .
Rape has been used as a political weapon in this country since 1986
Myriam Merlet
Head of the Ministry of Women " After he raped me he did n't want to let me go .
He hit me .
But I was holding a pair of scissors that I had been using to make some T - shirts so I pushed them into his stomach and I ran home , " she says .
The man died .
Mary
Jane says that same night the other members from the man 's gang then tried to kill her and burned down her family 's home .
The next day she was arrested and imprisoned for two years in an adult jail .
It was not Mary Jane 's first encounter with violence .
Her attacker had been part of a neighbourhood gang who had raped her when she was 12 years old .
" It was at night on Christmas Eve and right there , in the street , these men grabbed me and all three raped me . "
Weak justice
Two years ago , the United Nations in Haiti acknowledged widespread rape in the vast slums in the Haitian capital , Port - au - Prince .
Almost half of the young women in conflict - zone slums have been raped
The UN said that almost half of the girls and young women , living in conflict - zone slums , like Cite Soleil and Martissant , had been raped .
But Amnesty says that not enough has been done to stamp out widespread rape which is on the rise again .
Rape was only made a criminal offence in Haiti in 2005 .
Before then judges would negotiate a sum of money to be paid to the victim 's family .
But despite the new law , the prosecution rate for rape remains extremely low .
One of the chief tasks of Minustah , the UN peacekeeping and stabilisation mission sent to Haiti four years ago , is to help the Haitian government to reform the country 's weak justice and penal system .
Hedi Annabi , head of the United Nations mission in Haiti , says that about 90 % of the people in prisons have not been sentenced .
" It 's important to get those who are accused of serious crimes before a court and get them sentenced so the message starts spreading that immunity is no longer assured , " he says .
Street gangs have the full power to terrorise the population as they wish
Myriam Merlet
Head of the Ministry of Women " But success is never immediate when you work on these difficult problems . "
Mary Jane is angry that there is no justice in Haiti .
" I should n't have been sent to jail because I was a victim several times , " she says .
" The gang burnt down my house , they beat me and they raped me . "
Political weapon Myriam Merlet , who heads the government 's Ministry of Women , blames the high rate of rape in Haiti 's slums on the political turmoil that has stained the country since the Duvalier family dictatorship was ousted in the mid-1980s .
" Rape has been used as a political weapon in this country since 1986 .
The soldiers in the army used rape to frighten people .
The Chimeres ( mainly pro-Aristide gangs ) used rape to control the population , " she says .
When I go out I have to keep watching .
I have to keep watching all the time
Mary Jane
" Now the street gangs in the slums use rape as a powerful weapon of war . "
She also says that there is a " state absence " in the slums and the gangs have " full power to terrorise the population as they wish " .
But until drastic action is taken , Mary Jane - like so many other girls in Haiti - will have to continue to live in daily fear of being raped .
" I do n't feel that I am living now because if someone is not free , that person will never feel good , " she says .
" I want to live with my mother but the gang could find me and hurt me .
" When I go out I have to keep watching .
I have to keep watching all the time . "
Mary Jane 's name has been changed to protect her identity
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
. . .
[ R ] ape is universally acknowledged to be a crime , and it is seldom if ever openly acknowledged as among the forms of legal punishment legitimately prescribed by governmental authorities .
So what would lead me to speak of it as " punishment " -- as an intrinsic and universal part of the punishments that our government metes out to those whom it labels as " criminal " ?
I do this for several reasons .
First , the relevant legal authorities , from judges to prosecutors who send people to prison , to the prison officials who administer them , are all aware of the existence , the reality , and the near - universality of rape in the prisons .
Indeed , this is one reason why many conscientious judges are extremely reluctant to send anyone to prison except when they feel compelled to , either by the violence of the crime or , as is increasingly true , by laws mandating prison sentences even for nonviolent crimes , such as drug offenses .
Second , the conditions that stimulate such rapes ( the enforced deprivation of other sources of self - esteem , respect , power , and sexual gratification ) are consciously and deliberately imposed upon the prison population by the legal authorities .
Third , all these authorities tacitly and knowingly tolerate this form of sexual violence , passively delegating to the dominant and most violent inmates then power and authority to deliver this form of punishment to the more submissive and nonviolent ones , so that the rapists in this situation are acting as the vicarious enforcers of a form of punishment that the legal system does not itself enforce formally or directly .
. . .
The practice of tolerating and permitting such relationships is one means by which the officers maintain control of the prison population as a whole .
The strategy here can be analyzed into two components : " You scratch my back and I 'll scratch yours , " and " Divide and conquer . "
With respect to the first , the officers are entering into an implicit , tacit agreement with the rapists , in which the officers will permit the rapists whatever gratifications they get from raping the weaker prisoners , and the rapists agree in turn to cooperate with these officers by submitting to the prison system as a whole ( that is , by renouncing the option of assaulting officers individually , or of collaborating with each other collectively to organize a riot ) .
With respect to the second , that system of mutually agreed trade - offs simultaneously prevents the inmates as a whole from uniting with each other , for it divides the inmates into two groups -- the rapists and the raped -- thus minimizing the chance of their being able to organize an effective protest , rebellion , or riot .
It becomes a strategy that officers may use to " divide and conquer " the inmates .
. . . To what extent are prison officers consciously aware that this is happening , and to what extent do some of them deliberately tolerate these patterns of behavior ?
All prison officers must be aware of the patterns of prison rape because prisons are small , enclosed communities , and officers form a tightly cohesive clique ( of necessity and for their own protection , since those who are not part of the clique do not long survive ) so anything that one officer knows , all know .
On the other hand , they are not all equally supportive of the maintenance of this social system ; indeed , many are appalled by it .
Unfortunately , however , those who disapprove of it cannot stop it , since it is just as dangerous ( " suicidal " is perhaps not too strong a word ) for an officer to violate the unwritten code of the officers ' subculture as it is for an inmate to violate the corresponding ( and virtually identical ) code of the inmates ' subculture -- the first principal of which for both is , " Thou shalt not snitch . " . . . There is almost universal agreement that one of the major causes of violence of inmates toward each other -- some would say the major cause -- is sexual relationships among inmates .
Men will fight -- often to the death - - both in order to commit rape and to avoid being raped ; in order to . . . prove that they are " real men " . . . and because the whole system is so degrading , shameful , and humiliating , so damaging to their self - esteem and destructive of their sense of masculine sexual adequacy and identity ; and finally , because some literally go insane , developing paranoid delusions and hallucinations in response to the continual onslaught to their sense of who they are ( i.e. , whether they are men ) , and what if anything they are worth .
That these patterns of violence follow them into the street , when they are eventually released , goes without saying .
Among many bald statements , one stuck out : Israel is now ready to destroy three or four nuclear sites out of 12 in Iran .
" I believe that Israel is planning to act on these reactors before Bush leaves the White House , " Mr Aviv said .
" We 've got to take a chance … the next president of America may not allow it . "
Mr Aviv admits that the downside would be a huge backlash across the Middle East , and a search for ways to strike back at Israel and , failing that , at Jewish targets worldwide ( which would mean more call for the services of people like him ) .
But , he says , the immediate danger to Israel from Iranian nuclear weapons will be set back for 10 or 15 years .
He may or may not be speaking for anyone but himself , but his sponsorship suggests Australian opinion - makers were being warmed up for an Iran strike .
If so , it 's an unsatisfactory level of discussion , and surely cannot reflect policy debate in a nation as sophisticated as Israel .
But , as pointed out in Sydney by another senior Israeli figure , David Kretzmer , an emeritus professor of law from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , overseas Jewish communities are often more passionate and less nuanced in their defence of Israeli interests than people living in Israel .
We 'd perhaps better hurry , but it would be nice to have some discussion about the alternatives to the immediate strike option , and that option 's drawbacks .
One would be to see if a change of US president , and a farewell to George Bush and " Axis of Evil " talk about Iran , can bring new life to the international diplomatic effort to halt Iran 's shift into highly enriched uranium capability .
Another option would be to live with the Iranian nuclear threat .
After all , we in the West did that for 40 years with the Soviet nuclear deterrent .
Israel might have to declare its own nuclear arsenal , thought to include about 200 warheads , and take extra precautions to ensure its survivability - although it is said to have several warheads fitted to cruise missiles on submarines .
Deterrence assumes normal rationality and interest in self - survival in the opposing country of the " balance " .
Many Israelis will be quick to point out this can't be assumed in a " fanatical " regime like that of Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , and that Jews draw an extraordinary level of hatred .
Still , mutually assured destruction has proven a pretty powerful persuader to keep missiles secure in their silos and crazy fingers off launch buttons .
In addition , the Iranians would have to factor in the interests of the people they are supposed to be helping .
Some Palestinians have already pointed out that most of their population would also fall victim to any nuclear bombs that reached Israel .
The Syrians and Hezbollah members in Southern Lebanon might also like to think about this .
Another downside of the strike option is that neither the US nor Israel can be sure that they know and can take out all the key nuclear weapons facilities in Iran 's dispersed and deeply buried network .
Or that other types of weapons of mass destruction are not being developed in parallel .
Israel developed its bomb not because it thought it an essential part of being an independent state , but as a precaution against any of its regional enemies getting one .
As the Israeli politician Yossi Beilin once explained to a group of reporters in New Delhi , this set it apart from the Indians or Chinese .
Unlike India , Israel would be ready to trade its bombs away in a genuine and all - inclusive regional non-nuclear pact .
Even if the strike does buy 10 or 15 years ' space from Iran , it is only likely to deepen the hatred surrounding attempts to negotiate a peaceful settlement of Israel 's position in the Middle East .
It looks like hard thinking , but it 's putting off the really harder thinking .
They name him Bronx Mowgli Wentz and " thank everyone for their well - wishes ! " a rep tells PEOPLE
Ashlee Simpson - Wentz and husband Pete Wentz welcomed a son Thursday night , PEOPLE confirms .
Bronx Mowgli Wentz weighed 7 lbs. , 11 oz. , and was 20 1/2 inches long .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ Ashlee , Pete and baby Bronx are all healthy and happy , and thank everyone for their well wishes ! ” a spokesperson tells PEOPLE .
Simpson - Wentz , 24 , and the Fall Out Boy bassist , 29 , announced her pregnancy in May , a few weeks after their opulent Alice ’s Adventures In Wonderland - themed wedding .
“ I would love to have a big family one day , ” Simpson - Wentz told PEOPLE at the time .
Added Wentz : “ A big soccer team or a band ! ”
And , as her dad , Joe Simpson , recently put it to PEOPLE : “ The day she found out she was pregnant , she became a woman . ”
Wentz , meanwhile , has been leaning on rocker pal Joel Madden – dad to 9 - month - old Harlow with girlfriend Nicole Richie – for tips on fatherhood .
“ Joel gives me advice , ” Wentz recently told PEOPLE .
“ [ It ’s ] been really awesome for me to go to another person my age . ”
Richie and Harlow were guests at Simpson - Wentz ’s Winnie the Pooh - themed baby shower on Nov. 1 .
By Mike on Friday , October 17 , 2008 , 22:23 - Permalink
Soft drink cans are easily recyclable as scrap metal , but I fancied trying something a little more direct - a simplified form of tinwork .
Materials
All that 's needed for this project is a strong pair of scissors , a cork - backed table mat , a pointed object ( a scriber or just a ballpoint pen ) , a little bit of tape and some fine abrasive paper .
Plus of course an empty aluminium drink can - this one contained ' Emerge ' - an energy drink containing caffeine and taurine , with a flavour and aroma that perfectly reproduces the experience of drinking something fizzy and anonymously fruity next to a public urinal .
If that puts you off the idea of emptying a can for yourself , there are probably other places you can get hold of one .
First , I cut the can down one side , then cut carefully around the ends .
Extreme care is required here , as the edges of the thin metal are sharp and jagged .
Then I opened out the side into a flattish sheet and gave it another trim to remove the worst of the jagged points .
It 's always a bit surprising how much material such an apparently small cylinder yields - I think it 's just not all that easy to intuitively estimate the circumference of a circle .
I taped the metal down flat onto the cork back of a table mat , then used a piece of fine abrasive paper to remove the printing .
It is n't strictly necessary to remove the paint from the can , but it does make forming a pattern easier later on .
Then I used the scriber ( and later , an ordinary ballpoint pen ) to mark out a decorative pattern on the metal .
- Pressing just hard enough to crease the material , but not hard enough to puncture or score it
Once the design has been pressed into the metal , it tends to prevent it recoiling back into a cylinder - the work can be removed from the cork board .
I 've decorated this one with a simple pattern consisting of geometric shapes , swirls and spirals - but obviously other designs are possible .
It may even be possible , with a little care and skill , to reproduce a picture in beaten relief style .
I cut the piece to shape with the scissors ...
Then folded in the corners , to create a box shape .
Again , great care is needed here to avoid cuts from the sharp edges .
Finished
The end result is a little metal box with an embossed pattern .
Not bad for a first effort - I 'd do a few things differently next time , such as leaving an extra bit on the edge and folding it over inwards , so the box does n't have any exposed sharp edges .
It Gets Better
I found a way of getting the design to stand out in sharper relief .
I traced the entire design as normal , then ( before any folding ) flipped over the metal and using the same kind of embossing technique , traced around the raised pattern elements from the other side - following the inside and outside edges of all the raised elements .
Then I flipped it over and re-traced the original design once more .
The result is a much clearer , bolder embossed design .
And Better ...
It was also pretty simple to make the box with turned - over edges that were not so sharp - by leaving an extra tab on each side
The diagonal scored lines ( marked in red ) are embossed from the front surface of the work - enabling the corners to be folded inwards .
The lines scored to enable the edge flaps to be finally tucked in are marked in blue on this diagram - they 're embossed from the back , like most of the other work , but I found it necessary to make them from a pair of closely - spaced parallel lines - as the thin metal tends to snap if creased into a really tight fold .
And Better Still
Finally , it 's quite easy to tweak the measurements for a second box so that one fits snugly over the other .
I found that by reducing the central square region by about a quarter inch and increasing the height of the sides by a similar amount , the resulting box was just small enough to push inside the other as a base .
Remember which way up it 's going to be when you 're applying the designs though .
I lined my box with a little scrap of tapestry - style fabric , held in place with all - purpose glue .
Felt or velvet would also work just as well - I think it 's even possible to get self - adhesive versions of these , which would probably be ideal .
Robert Shrum
The Week
The season of Republican recrimination has dawned .
The favorite rationalization for the candidate ’s drift toward double digit deficits in the polls seems to be that the smears against Obama came too late and looked too desperate .
If only McCain had descended into the mire months ago — things might have been different .
There is no evidence , of course , that the old Rovian road , no matter when taken , would have led back to the White House in 2008 .
In serious times , assaults on Ayers and ACORN seem frivolous ; and appeals to fear and intolerance do n’t win votes , they merely stoke hate and incite right - wing believers .
New York Times columnist William Kristol , who once recommended war on Obama ’s character , now urges McCain to “ fire the campaign ” that followed Kristol ’s advice .
But mixed messages are the essence of McCain ’s exertions .
The candidate suffers grievously from a dual sense — first that he has no credible plan to deal with the economic issues he ’s said he does n’t understand and , second , that he ’s not steady , but erratic , irascible , lurching from position to position as he wanders around the stage .
Unmoored from strategic coherence , the candidate and his advisors jump from tactic to tactic searching compulsively for the latest trick .
This is the driving force behind the campaign ’s biggest mistake : selecting the unvetted , unserious Sarah Palin as a running mate .
The hasty turn to Palin was based on a series of off - the - cuff assumptions — that she could attract Hillary voters , appeal to women generally , and substitute for the unacceptably pro-choice Joe Lieberman as a way to restore McCain ’s brand as a maverick .
The aim of this Hail Mary pass was somehow to switch the playing field from the economy to earmarks .
The calculation was wrong on every count .
Read more ...
Editor 's Note : Robert Shrum was the senior adviser to the Gore 2000 presidential campaign , the campaign of Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak , and the British Labour Party , as well as the chief strategist for the 2004 Kerry - Edwards campaign .
InfoQ Homepage Presentations Clojure
Clojure
Like Bookmarks
View Presentation Vertical
Horizontal
Full
Speed : 1x
1.25x
1.5x
2x
29:48
Summary
In this presentation from the JVM Languages Summit 2008 , Rich Hickey discusses Clojure , which is an implementation of Lisp .
Topics covered include Clojure features and syntax , example code , interoperation with Java , Clojure and functional programming , persistent data structures , concurrency semantics , references , transactions , software transactional memory , agents , implementation and pain points .
Bio Rich Hickey , the author of Clojure , is an independent software designer , consultant and application architect with over 20 years of experience in all facets of software development .
Rich has worked on scheduling systems , broadcast automation , audio analysis and fingerprinting , database design , yield management , exit poll systems , and machine listening .
About the conference
The 2008 JVM Language Summit is an open technical collaboration among language designers , compiler writers , tool builders , runtime engineers , and VM architects .
The talks inform the audience , in detail , about the state of the art of language design and implementation on the JVM , and the present and future capabilities of the JVM itself .
Another wanted to know what bonus would be paid to Roger Jenkins , who led the discussions with the Middle East group .
Mr Jenkins does not sit on the board so is exempt from the ban on bonuses .
He is widely believed to have been paid tens of millions of pounds last year .
heic0822 — Photo Release
Hubble captures outstanding views of mammoth stars
Two of our Galaxy 's most massive stars have been scrutinised in an impressive view by the NASA / ESA Hubble Space Telescope .
They have , until recently , been shrouded in mystery , but the new image shows them in greater detail than ever before .
The image shows a pair of colossal stars , WR 25 and Tr16 - 244 , located within the open cluster Trumpler 16 .
This cluster is embedded within the Carina Nebula , an immense cauldron of gas and dust that lies approximately 7500 light - years from Earth .
The Carina Nebula contains several ultra - hot stars , including these two star systems and the famous blue star Eta Carinae , which has the highest luminosity yet confirmed .
As well as producing incredible amounts of heat , these stars are also very bright , emitting most of their radiation in the ultraviolet and appearing blue in colour .
They are so powerful that they burn through their hydrogen fuel source faster than other types of stars , leading to a " live fast , die young " lifestyle .
WR 25 is the brightest , situated near the centre of the image .
The neighbouring Tr16 - 244 is the third brightest , just to the upper left of WR 25 .
The second brightest , to the left of WR 25 , is a low mass star located much closer to the Earth than the Carina Nebula .
Stars like WR 25 and Tr16 - 244 are relatively rare compared to other , cooler types .
They interest astronomers because they are associated with star - forming nebulae , and influence the structure and evolution of galaxies .
WR 25 is likely to be the most massive and interesting of the two .
Its true nature was revealed two years ago when an international group of astronomers led by Roberto Gamen , then at the Universidad de La Serena in Chile , discovered that it is composed of at least two stars ( see the separate image ) .
The more massive is a Wolf - Rayet star and may weigh more than 50 times the mass of our Sun .
It is losing mass rapidly through powerful stellar winds that have expelled the majority of its outermost hydrogen - rich layers , while its more mundane binary companion is probably about half as massive as the Wolf - Rayet star , and orbits around it once every 208 days .
Massive stars are usually formed in compact clusters .
Often the individual stars are so physically close to each other that it is very difficult to resolve them in telescopes as separate objects .
These Hubble observations have revealed that the Tr16 - 244 system is actually a triple star .
Two of the stars are so close to each other that they look like a single object , but Hubble 's Advanced Camera for Surveys shows them as two .
The third star takes tens or hundreds of thousands of years to orbit the other two .
The brightness and proximity of the components of such massive double and triple stars makes it particularly challenging to discover the properties of massive stars .
WR 25 and Tr16 - 244 are the likely sources of radiation that is causing a giant gas globule within the Carina Nebula to slowly evaporate away into space , while possibly inducing the formation of new stars within it .
The radiation is also thought to be responsible for the globule 's interesting shape , prominently featured in earlier Hubble images , which looks like a hand with a " defiant " finger pointing towards WR 25 and Tr16 - 244 ( see separate image ) .
These new observations were obtained by a team including astronomers from US , Chilean , Spanish , and Argentine institutions and led by Jesús Maíz Apellániz from the Instituto de Astrofísica de Andalucía in Spain .
They are using Hubble as well as ground - based observatories in Spain , Chile , and Argentina to build a comprehensive catalogue of observations of all the massive stars in the Galaxy that are detectable at visible wavelengths .
Notes
The Hubble Space Telescope is a project of international cooperation between ESA and NASA .
Image credit : NASA , ESA , and J. Maíz Apellániz ( Instituto de Astrofísica de Andalucía , Spain )
Links
Contacts
Jesús Maíz Apellániz
Instituto de Astrofísica de Andalucía
Spain , +34-958-230-529
Email : jmaiz@iaa.es
Lars Lindberg Christensen
Hubble / ESA
Garching , Germany
Tel : +49-89-3200-6761
Cell : +49-173-3872-621
Email : lars@eso.org
The Rising Cost of the Iraq ' Surge ' Since Jan. 10 , 2007 , when George W. Bush announced his troop “ surge , ” more than 1,000 U.S. soldiers have died in the Iraq War – about a quarter of the total war dead – but now an even higher cost may loom ahead , the indefinite continuation of the conflict under President John McCain .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Despite strong evidence to the contrary , it has become established conventional wisdom among mainstream Washington journalists that the “ surge ” was the singular reason for the recent decline in Iraq ’s violence .
It ’s also agreed that McCain deserves great credit for pushing the “ surge ” idea early .
Barack Obama has been repeatedly chastised – even badgered – for opposing the “ surge . ”
His attempts to refocus the debate more broadly on the wisdom of invading Iraq in the first place are rudely rejected by Big Media interviewers .
The latest example came during an ABC News “ This Week ” interview on Sept. 7 when George Stephanopoulos demanded of Obama : “ How do you escape the logic that … John McCain was right about the surge ? ”
When Obama responded that he did n’t understand “ why people are so focused on what has happened in the last year and a half and not on the previous five , ” Stephanopoulos cut him off , saying “ Granted , you think you made the right decision about going in , but about the surge ? ”
In other words , the big - name journalists do n’t want a discussion about the decision to illegally invade Iraq under false pretenses in 2003 ( presumably because they almost all were cheering the invasion on ) , but instead they want the debate to center entirely on their latest false assumption , that the “ surge ” has virtually won the war .
In reality , the “ surge ” of about 30,000 additional troops sent to Iraq appears to have been only one factor and – according to military officials interviewed for Bob Woodward ’s new book , The War Within – possibly a secondary one in explaining the drop - off in the violence that had made Iraq a living hell .
As Woodward writes , “ In Washington , conventional wisdom translated these events into a simple view :
The surge had worked .
But the full story was more complicated .
At least three other factors were as important as , or even more important than , the surge . ”
Woodward , whose book draws heavily from Pentagon insiders , reported that the Sunni rejection of al - Qaeda extremists in Anbar province ( which preceded the surge ) and the surprise decision of radical Shiite leader Moqtada al - Sadr to order a unilateral cease - fire by his militia were two important factors .
A third factor , which Woodward argued may have been the most significant , was the use of new highly classified U.S. intelligence tactics that allowed for rapid targeting and killing of insurgent leaders .
Woodward agreed to withhold details of these secret techniques from his book so as not to undercut their continuing success .
But there have been previous glimpses of classified U.S. programs that combine high - tech means of identifying insurgents – such as sophisticated biometrics and night - vision - equipped drones – with old - fashioned brutality on the ground , including on - the - spot executions of suspects .
[ For details , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Bush ’s Global Dirty War ” and “ Iraq ’s Laboratory of Repression . ” ]
Successful Repression
As we ’ve reported previously , other brutal factors – that the Washington press corps almost never mentions – help explain the decline in violence : -- Vicious ethnic cleansing has succeeded in separating Sunnis and Shiites to such a degree that there are fewer targets to kill .
Several million Iraqis are estimated to be refugees either in neighboring countries or within their own .
-- Concrete walls built between Sunni and Shiite areas have made “ death - squad ” raids more difficult but also have “ cantonized ” much of Baghdad and other Iraqi cities , making everyday life for Iraqis even more exhausting as they seek food or travel to work .
-- During the “ surge , ” U.S. forces expanded a policy of rounding up so - called “ military age males ” and locking up tens of thousands in prison .
-- Awesome U.S. firepower , concentrated on Iraqi insurgents and civilian bystanders for more than five years , has slaughtered countless thousands of Iraqis and has intimidated many others to look simply to their own survival .
-- With the total Iraqi death toll estimated in the hundreds of thousands and many more Iraqis horribly maimed , the society has been deeply traumatized .
As tyrants have learned throughout history , at some point violent repression does work .
But this dark side of the “ successful surge ” is excluded from the U.S. political debate .
As during the pre-invasion period , the Washington press corps acts more like Bush ’s propagandists than anything close to skeptical journalists .
The only time they get tough in interviews is with Obama , demanding that he get in line with the rest of Washington ’s conventional wisdom and hail the media ’s old favorite , John McCain , for his courage and wisdom .
In playing this role , the U.S. press is again playing into Bush ’s hands and his desire to make sure that outright defeat in Iraq wo n’t occur on his watch – and that he will leave behind a successor who is committed to the neoconservative strategy of open - ended warfare against Muslim militants .
That is what appears increasingly likely as McCain surges up to – and in some polls moves decisively ahead of – Obama .
Domestic Images
As Woodward ’s book makes clear , Bush always understood the importance of controlling American perceptions about the Iraq War , even when that required lying to the public .
Not only did Bush insist in 2006 that the war was being won when he knew differently – and he said he was listening to his commanders when , in reality , he was overruling their judgments – he talked privately about the need to control the Iraq War images to influence the voters back home .
“ The U.S. presence helps to keep the lid on , ” Bush told the top regional commander , Gen . John Abizaid , in explaining the reasoning for a troop buildup , and “ also helps here at home , since for many the measure of success is reduction in violence . ”
[ Washington Post , Sept. 8 , 2008 ]
In that assessment , Bush was politically prescient .
When the catastrophic levels of violence finally declined to the simply terrible , Bush ’s partisans – especially the many well - placed neoconservative opinion leaders – began baiting anyone who had doubted the “ surge , ” much as they had hectored anyone who doubted the wisdom of invading Iraq in 2003 .
The conventional wisdom about the “ successful surge ” has transformed Campaign 2008 , throwing Obama onto the defensive in interview after interview , while virtually no journalist presses McCain about his judgment to make a rapid pivot out of Afghanistan in early 2002 toward Iraq .
Arguably , McCain ’s advocacy for this premature pivot – while Afghanistan was still in a fragile state and top al - Qaeda leaders were finding new safe haven in northwest Pakistan – was the biggest strategic blunder in modern American military history .
It has locked the United States into two open - ended wars with costs likely to soar into the trillions of dollars , while the security situation in Afghanistan deteriorates and nuclear - armed Pakistan slides toward instability .
But the political commentators place none of the blame on John McCain .
No Drawdown Meanwhile , in Iraq , the supposedly “ successful surge ” apparently does not mean the United States can withdraw significant numbers of troops in the foreseeable future .
President Bush has decided to leave U.S. troop levels in Iraq at about where they are now .
That means the number of American soldiers on the ground in Iraq at the end of January 2009 may well be about the same – or even slightly higher – than when the “ surge ” was announced two years earlier .
However , the likeliest long - term outcome for the United States in Iraq appears to be that eventually the U.S. occupation forces will be told to leave by an increasingly nationalistic Iraqi government , a kind of thanks for all the help but do n’t let the door hit you on the way out .
The odds then would be that any post - U.S. - occupied Iraq would remain divided by bitter sectarianism as the country has been for centuries and that any democratic institutions would be fragile at best .
The likeliest regional winner would be Iran , which has seen its Shiite allies gain the upper hand over the old Sunni power structure .
A possible alternative outcome , of course , would be a unilateral decision by Washington to refuse to leave .
That may be what the victorious neoconservatives in a McCain administration would want , but that would come at an even higher price in blood and treasure .
It also would mean that the few remnants of the old American Republic would be wiped away by the arrival of a new American Empire .
Yet , the U.S. news media , which mostly has cheered on the Iraq War from its “ shock and awe ” beginning through today ’s “ successful surge , ” has no time to assess the future cost of the Iraq War in lives , money and American principles .
That staggering price tag is simply not in the media 's frame of reference .
Instead , it ’s all about hailing McCain and bashing Obama .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
The openSUSE Project is happy to announce that openSUSE 11.1 RC 1 is now available .
If all goes well , this will be the last testing release before the final 11.1 public release on December 18th .
This release includes a number of bugfixes and changes since 11.1 beta 5 , as well as a new license .
Digg it !
//digg.com/linux_unix/Development_Release_openSUSE_11_1_RC_1_Now_Available
Call for Testing
We all want openSUSE 11.1 to be the best release yet , and we need your help to get there .
This release is ready for widespread testing , and we ’re encouraging everyone to download and work with the testing releases to find any critical bugs before release .
Please run the release through your usual routine , and let us know about any bugs or other issues that you find .
Remember that this is a release candidate , and is not suitable for use on production systems , however .
Though many openSUSE users can and do use the Factory distribution and / or testing releases for day - to - day work we want to stress that it ’s entirely possible that you will encounter serious bugs .
See openSUSE.org / Testing for more information on Testing .
To follow the testing and development process , we suggest that you subscribe to the openSUSE - Factory mailing list , and join the #openSUSE - Factory channel on Freenode to discuss openSUSE development .
What ’s changed since beta 5 ?
Major changes in this release include :
A new , shorter distro license
Linux kernel 2.6.27.7
glibc 2.9
Additional translations
Amarok 2.0 RC 1
Zypper 1.0.1
See the Factory News page for changes in the Factory distribution between release announcements .
DistroWatch also carries an expanded list of packages being shipped in the Factory distribution .
Media and Download
11.1 RC 1 can be found at //software.opensuse.org / developer .
See //en.opensuse.org /Mirror_Selection for a full list of mirrors .
Note that you do n’t need to choose a mirror yourself , but you can use the mirror list if you want or need to select a mirror manually .
Most Annoying Bugs
While many bugs have been eliminated since the last beta , we still have a few remaining ( and new ) bugs that testers should be aware of :
Bug 448270 : the license has no translations yet Bug 449711 : no OpenOffice for ppc Bug 449422 : Amarok2 on KDE4 does not stop Bug 449513 : Novell vpn does n’t work at novell - ipsec - tools 0.7.1 .
Future Release Announcements
Note to openSUSE contributors :
If you have any changes or features to call out for future release announcements , please send an email to Zonker with any information that should be in that announcement .
( Preferably at least two days before the scheduled release .
Chinese scientists have unveiled Wing Wen , billed as the worlds first two faced dog .
Wing
Wen had a quarter face transplant two years as part of research into human face transplants .
Under the surgery , the Beagle received new skin , an ear and eyelids .
Quoted in The Sun , Zhen Shengwu , chief plastic surgeon at the Fujian Provincial Hospital in Fuzhou , is now hoping to attract rich westerners for face change surgery .
Wing is mentally and physically healthy after the surgery which was a great success .
Wing
Wen recovered quickly and most observers would think the dog was born with a mixed - coloured face .
But you can see the difference from the ears .
Wen ’s original ear on the right side hangs down , while the new ear on the other side stands up .
At the time if you put your finger close to his left eye , he would blink or close it .
That means the nerves on the transplanted face are working well .
It gets better :
To some patients whose faces were greatly damaged because of burning , car accidents , animal attacks or tumours , face - changing surgery can greatly improve their quality of life .
So it ’s worthwhile to advertise it with examples like this .
Yes , because a patchwork dog inspires true confidence among Western consumers .
Side note : the transplant donor did n’t fare so well , and was killed as part of the operation .
The federal government will designate “ critical habitat ” for polar bears off Alaska ’s coast , a decision that could add restrictions to future offshore petroleum exploration or drilling .
Federal law prohibits agencies from taking actions that may adversely modify critical habitat and interfere with polar bear recovery .
That probably will affect oil and gas activity , said Kassie Siegel of the Center for Biological Diversity , one of three groups that sued to get a critical habitat designation .
“ Other than global warming , the worst thing that ’s going on in polar bear habitat right now is oil development and the potential for oil spills , ” Siegel said .
Bruce Woods , a spokesman for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in Anchorage , said it ’s not known what area in the Chukchi Sea off Alaska might be designated for polar bears , especially given that sea ice conditions are changing and areas now covered by ice might in the future be open water .
Advertisement
The agreement to designate critical habitat was filed Monday in Oakland as a partial settlement of a lawsuit brought by Greenpeace , the Natural Resources Defense Council and Siegel ’s group .
They sued in March after Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne missed a January deadline for declaring polar bears threatened or endangered .
Kempthorne on May 14 declared polar bears “ threatened , ” or likely to become endangered , citing their need for sea ice , the dramatic loss of sea ice in recent decades and computer models that suggest sea ice is likely to further recede .
The settlement sets a deadline of June 30 , 2010 , for a final rule designating critical habitat for the polar bear .
Now that we know at least some members of our Congress were intimidated into voting for corporate welfare with the understanding that if the measure did n’t pass - it was likely Bush would have to declare Martial Law .
It was “ frighten , scare , claim the global economy would collapse and cause widespread panic , ushering in Martial Law because of our Congress ’s inability to act fast while there was still time ;
It was 911 all over again , but this time , there were no mass causalities except the American and global economies .
The casualties will come later , when this measure barely halts the global readjustment that is occurring as the US loses its status of being the world ’s most solid economy .
The question we face is what ’s next ?
I hate to ask what could possibly go wrong now , and I ’m usually answered rather quickly as something else immediately goes haywire .
I believe that for millions of Americans , many are asking themselves that same question ; “ What ’s Next ? ”
We have just witnessed our Congress giving into a President with a 24 % approval rating .
and in this matter , the people were decidedly against the bail - out , yet it happened anyway , with Nancy Pelosi bellowing that it was crucial that this measure pass .
This is n’t Mrs. Pelosi ’s first time acting as Bush ’s spokesperson , and her “ taking impeachment off the table ” has endeared her office with that of the Bush administration , effectively rendering her useless as the Democratic Speaker of The House .
Pelosi needs to switch her party affiliation or dispose of her “ God Syndrome ” where she believes that her opinion is more important then those who voted her into office and expect her to vote their will .
Millions of Americans seem to be worried that Bush / Cheney will declare Martial Law sometime before Obama is scheduled to take office unless the GOP effectively steals another election .
My site has been very busy lately , and people all over the United States and the world are searching for any information they can find on Martial Law , FEMA Internment Camps , NSPD - 51 , and the “ Thought Crime Prevention Bill . ”
The government ’s recent actions , coupled with the unconstitutional behavior we witnessed at the RNC Convention has many people wondering if freedom is now nothing more than an illusion .
On a daily basis , we hear new allegations of the GOP attempting to purge voter rolls and generally disenfranchise voters , behavior we would expect to see emanating from a Third World Country .
The most shocking evidence that we ’re going to find ourselves under Martial Law was written by Wayne Madsen - and it ’s bone - chilling to understand that this is what many of us on “ the left ” have been predicting for almost two years or more :
FEMA sources confirm coming martial law Wayne Madsen
WMR
October 8 , 2008 WMR has learned from knowledgeable Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) sources that the Bush administration is putting the final touches on a plan that would see martial law declared in the United States with various scenarios anticipated as triggers .
The triggers include a continuing economic collapse with massive social unrest , bank closures resulting in violence against financial institutions , and another fraudulent presidential election that would result in rioting in major cities and campuses around the country .
In addition , Army Corps of Engineer sources report that the assignment of the 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team ( BCT ) to the Northern Command ’s U.S. Army North is to augment FEMA and federal law enforcement in the imposition of traffic controls , crowd control , curfews , enhanced border and port security , and neighborhood patrols in the event a national emergency being declared .
The BCT was assigned to duties in Iraq before being assigned to the Northern Command .
On April 3 , 2008 , WMR reported on a highly - classified document regarding the martial law scenario : WMR has learned from knowledgeable sources within the US financial community that an alarming confidential and limited distribution document is circulating among senior members of Congress and their senior staff members that is warning of a bleak future for the United States if it does not quickly get its financial house in order .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is among those who have reportedly read the document .
The document is being called the “ C & R ” document because it reportedly states that if the United States defaults on loans and debt underwriting from China , Japan , and Russia , all of which are propping up the United States government financially , and the United States unilaterally cancels the debts , America can expect a war that will have disastrous results for the United States and the world .
“ Conflict ” is the “ C word ” in the document .
The other scenario is that the federal government will be forced to drastically raise taxes in order to pay off debts to foreign countries to the point that the American people will react with a popular revolution against the government .
“ Revolution ” is the document ’s “ R word .
LINK
When I read the above story , I also verified Wayne Madsen ’s Biography - and it ’s impressive to the point that we must take the above report seriously .
We know the FEMA Internment Camps are in place , manned , yet many of them contain no occupants .
There is still a press blackout on this issue , although for the health and safety of the American public , it should be actively debated in Congress .
Select members of Congress are aware of these plans yet no one is raising the alarm to the people .
Is Congress complicit with turning the United States into a Police State , or are they too terrified and worried about their own safety to act / react ???
One thing is sure .
In spite of the danger of Martial Law , the “ C & R ” document described above also describes an extremely alarming scenario :
“ The document is being called the “ C & R ” document because it reportedly states that if the United States defaults on loans and debt underwriting from China , Japan , and Russia , all of which are propping up the United States government financially , and the United States unilaterally cancels the debts , America can expect a war that will have disastrous results for the United States and the world .
Whether or not we face confinement in internment camps , our concentration should be centered on the document that speaks of a probability of war between Russia , China , and Japan .
That may sound far - fetched , however , all of these economies have invested heavily in America - and if their debt is canceled unilaterally , I do see the possibility that as the US economy drags down our allies and enemies - there will be a global hostility aimed at the United States for crashing the world economy that will transcend territorial boundaries .
It was Bush and his greedy cronies that helped to get us into this mess .
I agree that this is a crisis that cannot wait until a new President assumes power .
We learned from the Great Depression the root of its causes and what is necessary to prevent another one .
One thing is certain .
Inaction is a guarantee that we will succumb to another Great Depression , however , if we act fast , it can be avoided .
I read somewhere on the net this morning that financial representatives were being sent from Obama and McCain ’s respective camps to work on a solution that can be implemented immediately .
We fell into the last Great Depression because of the government ’s failure to act swiftly to stem the tide of financial insolvency that began in Europe , Austria to be exact , which spread to Germany and then the United States .
Let the financial wizards from the Obama and McCain camp work this one out ; the insane have been running the asylum for far too long .
The decisions made today need to be those of our next President , and thankfully , unless another election is stolen , that President will be Barrack Obama .
President Bush can easily declare Martial Law if our economic system fails , and right now , we have no guarantees that it wont .
I do note that the White House and Congress is addressing this with all of the significance it deserves ; lets hope that George Bush , in his final act as our President , does n’t declare “ null and void ” all of our debts to Russia , China , and Japan .
It would be the one act of unmitigated insolence that was pre-designed to embroil us in another war - one that earth itself cannot win .
On one web site , I read a plea to the “ 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team ” to please refrain from shooting or killing American citizens .
I would expand that plea to all police officers , federal employees , and the entirety of our law enforcement agencies .
Law and order is a prerequisite in this nation , and none of would ask you to shirk from your duties .
If people destroy pubic property , they need to be arrested , with the least amount of force possible , . and all efforts put forth to keep the peace .
It does n’t mean arresting demonstrators that have done nothing wrong .
nor does it justify sneaking off in the very early hours of the morning and rounding - up all of us who are on DHS ’s Terrorist Watch List .
You can be added to that list for attending a peaceful protest , and Maryland state troopers recently added several people to the terrorist watch list for belonging to “ three groups advocating peace and protesting the death penalty . ”
Better watch these people ; they do n’t believe in the death penalty and might strap - on bombs and kill people who are for capitol punishment ( sic ) , which would go against everything they believe in .
If you ’ve sent an email , registered an anonymous comment that is derogatory to the Bush administration , then chances are that you also grace a list that is almost as absurd as the tenants of Patriot Act II and NSPD - 51 .
To America ’s Federal , State , and Local Police Agencies .
We are well aware of Operation Falcon and know that plans are in effect to pick - up and detain many citizens that are on the Terrorist Watch List .
Consider that while your task force is busily at work , Task Force G - 53 arrested your brother and sister for being on that very list you use to arrest innocent Americans .
When all of the “ dissidents ” are rounded - up , placed in internment camps that will eventually lose track of what happened to their prisoners - there will be a huge cry from the very authorities that made these sweeps as they find out many of their own loved ones were also swept - up - although the lists will remain as confidential as possible .
Nevertheless , the underground of American society will alert those who lost family members , and the basis for full - scale revolution will be born .
Arizona has already stated they will succeed from the Union if Martial Law is declared , and I believe they would be closely followed by Vermont and then a slew of states that demand to retain control of their own sovereignty .
The President may believe that he can control the United States through a declaration of Martial Law , however , citizens know that we can weather almost any situation without stripping us of our rightr and resorting to measures that only a dictator and hater of freedom would employ .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Tonight 's debate started at 7 PM CT and runs until 8:30 PM at the University of Minnesota Duluth .
7:01 CT : It would appear that the crowd is cheering for the water pitcher , oh wait , no the candidates have just entered the stage .
7:02 CT : Senator Coleman went straight to the water pitcher .
7:04 CT : Two minute opening statements by each of the candidates .
Three issues will then be discussed ; economy , foreign policy and energy .
The candidates will then respond to audience questions .
Then two minutes for closing statements .
7:06 CT : Fmr. Senator Barkley to lead off the night .
" I know the middle class because I grew up in the middle class ... I even drove a Metro Mobility bus to make ends meet . "
Barkley leads off with an appeal to middle class voters .
7:08 CT : Franken followed Dean Barkley by reiterating his similar middle class roots .
It 'll be interesting to see if Norm follows the same path .
" I 'm going to be working for middle class families . "
7:10 CT : " The people in Washington who caused this mess will be held accountable and thrown in jail , " a very strange statement by a sitting US Senator .
Norm later went on to conjure a parable that included FDR .
7:12 CT : " Does either Presidential candidate get to the heart of the [ economic ] matter , if not why ? "
7:14 CT : Barkley goes first .
He took the stance that neither Obama nor McCain has an adequate economic plan .
Barkley focused on the need to have " pure " economics in which spending fulfills a very specific purpose .
Look for Franken to side with Obama 's plan .
I 'm curious to see which way Norm will go .
7:15 CT : Al Franken asked the moderator to repeat the question .
" I 'm the only one up here you would not have supported the bailout .... [ McCain ] gets it a lot less than Senator Obama . "
Franken jumped on the Barack Obama Economic Train .
7:17 CT : Coleman just said " Dean 's right . "
Norm better be careful or his lukewarm support may continue to slide over to Barkley .
Norm then brought up
Al 's prior support for a single payer health care plan .
Norm did not say McCain or Obama ( or any such reference ) in his response , therefore he did not answer the question .
7:20 CT : Dean Barkley 's stance on getting out of the economic situation , " Our country can do anything it wants to if we have the political will to make it happen . "
7:21 CT : Franken just stated that he does not support the concept of " tickle down " economics .
He believes that " wealth starts in the middle class . "
7:22 CT : Sen .
Coleman referenced an energy bill from 2005 that Obama voted for .
Coleman stated that " Franken would have voted against it . "
7:23 CT : Can we ever win the war on terror .
How will we know ?
7:26 CT : " We have not won this war on terror because we took the wrong actions .
Invading Afghanistan was the right thing to do ... Then we made a tragic mistake [ by going ] to war with Iraq .
Senator Coleman thinks going to war with Iraq was a good idea . "
Franken then went on to cite Paul Wellstone 's vote against the war while debunking Coleman 's principle of " it must have been a good vote because lots of other people voted for it . "
Franken later went on to say that " you can never win a war against a tactic . "
7:27 CT : The question goes to Norm : " We have to win and failure really is n't an option ... If Iran got a nuke ... the Saudis would buy [ a nuclear weapon ] "
Norm said this in the last debate and it did n't make sense then .
If it was so easy for Saudi Arabia to buy a nuclear weapon , then why can't Iran do it .
Norm 's arguement for the war on terror is a slippery slope that ends in a giant fallacy .
7:29 CT : Now onto Barkley , " In hindsight I agree with Al , Paul Wellstone was right on his vote ...
It 's time now for [ Iraq ] to decide their fate ... they have to make that decision on their own , and we need to get out and let them make it . "
Barkley stated that the solution in Afghanistan is " to build schools , not drop bombs . "
7:31 CT : Franken 's view on the Iraq war , " We have to get out of Iraq , we need to do it responsibly , we need to do it now . "
Al then wiped out a devastating statistic .
If the US Government was not funding Iraq we could have " 58,000 additional teachers . "
7:33 CT : " Everybody wants to end this war . "
You are a sitting Senator , Norm Coleman , help end it then .
" I will not tell a parent whose son died : your son died for a mistake . "
Under that logic war is cyclical without end .
You are then constantly fighting war to justify a mistake .
7:35 CT : Barkley : " Can we afford to be the world 's policeman . "
7:37 CT : Norm on alternative energy , " The french are n't braver than we are .
About 80 % of their energy is Nuclear . "
Norm says that he is working on the energy problem in a bipartisan way .
7:38 CT : " I 've worked in a tripartisan way , " Barkley loves this line .
Barkley is furious at Congress for not passing the " Use - it - or - lose - it " doctrine .
7:40 CT : " The most important barrel of oil is the one you do n't buy . "
Franken then went on to discuss the significant impact of Geo- Thermal energy on the job market .
7:41 CT : Norm Coleman is trying to like alternative energy breakthrough to the 2005 Energy Bill that he voted for .
7:43 CT : Barkley 's rebuttal , " I 'll throw out some facts ... during [ Norm 's ] years , you 've given 20 million dollars in tax breaks to oil companies . "
7:44 CT : Franken reference the possibility of a filibuster proof Democratic senate .
7:45 CT : Onto audience questions , many appear to be regarding education .
7:46 CT : First question to Norm : " Education doorway to success . "
Norm referenced his recent support for the doubling of Pell grants , a piece he believes is critical to financing higher education .
7:49 CT : Barkley called out Norm for not answering the question .
" I studied economic development under the Ventura administration . "
Barkley believes that the internet is of paramount importance to sustaining rural business .
7:50 CT : Franken again asked to have question repeated , but this time it highlighted the fact that neither of the other candidates answered the question .
Franken stated that " Pell Grant 's [ used to ] pay for 86 % of education now they pay around 40 . "
7:51 CT : " Smarter kids are going to be key to ending the brain drain [ in rural Minnesota ] . "
Norm just stated that the solution is the answer , a nice recurrence relation between cause and affect .
7:52 CT : Barkley just called Norm out on something , but my stream froze .
Barkley then countered by pinning the blame ( whatever the issue was ) on Pawlenty ; the crowd applauded .
7:54 CT : Franken wants to give anybody who wants to seek higher education a $ 5,000 tax credit .
7:55 CT : The moderator got confused .
New question , appointing Supreme Court justices .
7:56 CT : Barkley only requires that Supreme Court Justices be " Qualified and follow president . "
7:57 CT : On to Franken , " I do n't want ideologues ... I want a justice who believes that the Constitution is a living breathing [ document ] . "
Franken referenced Sandra Day O'Connor as a judge he admired .
Franken then countered Barkley 's attack on his $ 5,000 tax credit by saying the " Education pays for itself many times over . "
7:58 CT : Coleman again brought up Franken 's supposed support for a single payer health plan .
This has nothing to do with Justices , he later stated that he can cover justice issue in " a minute . "
8:00 CT : Barkley response , " [ the economic situation ] happened on your watch , " in reference to Senator Coleman .
" I hope the market does bounce back . "
8:02 CT : Franken supports Barack Obama 's health care plan .
Franken then stated that he does n't know where Norm Coleman stands on the health care issue .
Franken than again referenced his dissatisfaction with " trickle down economics . "
8:03 CT : Norm thinks that the answer to health care will lie somewhere in between Obama 's plan and McCain 's plan .
Norm continues to harp on Franken 's stance on single payer health care .
Norm ended by saying that " there are no Mayo Clinics in Canada . "
8:05 CT : New question relating to revising Minnesota mining and forestry .
8:06 CT : Franken stated that " until there is a bottom to the housing crisis , we will not be building new houses . "
Franken says that supports the forestry and mining industry and claimed that we can help those industries most by improving our general economy .
8:08 CT : Barkley partially blamed the Iron Ranges problems on poor trade agreements .
" We need a Senator that will be tough on trade agreements . "
8:10 CT : " I provided some stability against dumping ... I 've been there for timber ... It is about jobs . "
This sequence by Norm Coleman was terrifyingly similar to the now ( in ) famous statement by Sarah Palin in her interview with Katie Couric .
8:11 CT : New question : Special interests & campaign money .
8:12 CT : " Bribery is illegal everywhere , except Congress , " that statement pretty much sums ups Barkley 's view of how government works .
Barkley is tired of the current form of political campaigns .
He then cited some finance numbers that depicted Franken in a bad light , but Norm in a worse light .
8:14 CT : Coleman stated that he 's against current public campaign finance laws .
Norm does n't want tax payers paying for negative ads .
8:16 CT : Franken just destroyed Norm 's gimmick of ending negative campaign ads , to a chorus of applause .
Franken supports public finance because in the end he believes it would save Americans money in the long run by eliminating corporate earmarks that ultimately end up hurting Americans more .
" Stand up to the special interest , do n't take money from them . "
8:18 CT : Barkley 's rebuttal to Coleman on the suspension of his negative ads , " I 'd love to here an apology for all the negative ads [ Sen. Coleman ] has done . "
8:20 CT : Norm did n't apologize .
8:21 CT : Franken chastised Coleman for who he acts on behalf of .
Franken continued by saying that Coleman may act , but he does n't act on the best interest of Americans .
" I 'm going to fight for real folks . "
8:22 CT : Closing statements .
8:23 CT : Barkley goes first .
" Minnesota has an historic opportunity to show Washington who you feel . "
He referenced the negative campaigning tactics of Presidential politics and the growing negativity in the Senate race .
Norm Coleman looks very agitated .
8:24 CT : " Elections are chance to hold your elected official accountable . "
Franken concludes his remarks with his classic " I ask for your vote " line .
8:26 CT : The night concludes with Coleman .
" The better question is : who is best at fixing it . "
Norm then went on to list numerous bill which he has supported and helped pass .
" Government needs to live within its means ... Patriots not partisans . "
Norm then concluded by echoing Franken 's line , " I ask for your vote in November . "
Thanks to theuptake.org for providing a live stream of the debate .
This document explains how to embed SpiderMonkey , the Mozilla JavaScript engine , in your C++ program .
JavaScript is widely used for client - side scripts that run in the browser .
But Mozilla 's JavaScript engine is a library that can be linked into any C++ program , not just a browser .
Many applications can benefit from scripting .
These programs can execute JavaScript code from C++ using the SpiderMonkey API .
Note : The The FOSS wiki page contains a few links to other libraries and programs that can make life easier when using Spidermonkey and JSAPI .
What SpiderMonkey does
The JavaScript engine compiles and executes scripts containing JavaScript statements and functions .
The engine handles memory allocation for the objects needed to execute scripts , and it cleans up — garbage collects — objects it no longer needs .
The word JavaScript may bring to mind features such as event handlers ( like onclick ) , DOM objects , window.open , and XMLHttpRequest .
But in Mozilla , all of these features are actually provided by other components , not the SpiderMonkey engine itself .
SpiderMonkey provides a few core JavaScript data types — numbers , strings , Array s , Object s , and so on — and a few methods , such as Array . push .
It also makes it easy for each application to expose some of its own objects and functions to JavaScript code .
Browsers expose DOM objects .
Your application will expose objects that are relevant for the kind of scripts you want to write .
It is up to the application developer to decide what objects and methods are exposed to scripts .
Hello world
Using the SpiderMonkey library
To build SpiderMonkey from source , see SpiderMonkey Build Documentation .
Some systems ( such as Debian ) provide SpiderMonkey as a prebuilt package .
Build it from source instead .
Your program will be easier to debug .
C++ code accesses SpiderMonkey via the JSAPI , by including the header " jsapi.h " .
An overview of JSAPI functionality follows .
For more details , see the JSAPI Reference .
The SpiderMonkey universe
In order to run any JavaScript code in SpiderMonkey , an application must have three key elements : a JSRuntime , a JSContext , and a global object .
This section describes what these things are .
The next section explains how to set them up , using JSAPI functions .
Runtimes .
A JSRuntime , or runtime , is the space in which the JavaScript variables , objects , scripts , and contexts used by your application are allocated .
Every JSContext and every object in an application lives within a JSRuntime .
They cannot travel to other runtimes or be shared across runtimes .
You will need at least one JSRuntime per thread that uses the JSAPI .
Contexts .
A JSContext , or context , is like a little machine that can do many things involving JavaScript code and objects .
It can compile and execute scripts , get and set object properties , call JavaScript functions , convert JavaScript data from one type to another , create objects , and so on .
Almost all JSAPI functions require a JSContext * as the first argument , just like most < stdio.h > functions require a FILE * .
Global objects .
Lastly , the global object contains all the classes , functions , and variables that are available for JavaScript code to use .
Whenever JavaScript code does something like window.open ( " http://www.mozilla.org/ " ) , it is accessing a global property , in this case window .
JSAPI applications have full control over what global properties scripts can see .
The application starts out by creating an object and populating it with the standard JavaScript classes , like Array and Object .
Then it adds whatever custom classes , functions , and variables ( like window ) the application wants to provide ; see Custom objects below .
Each time the application runs a JS script ( using , for example , JS_EvaluateScript ) , it provides the global object for that script to use .
As the script runs , it can create global functions and variables of its own .
All of these functions , classes , and variables are stored as properties of the global object .
A minimal example
Each of the three key elements described in the previous section requires a few JSAPI calls :
The runtime : Use JS_NewRuntime to create it and JS_DestroyRuntime to clean it up when you 're done .
When your application is done with SpiderMonkey altogether , use JS_ShutDown to free any remaining cached resources .
( This is a mere nicety if the process is about to exit anyway .
But as that is not always the case , calling JS_Shutdown is a good habit to get into . )
The context : Use JS_NewContext and JS_DestroyContext .
For maximum ECMAScript standard compliance , applications should also use JS_SetOptions to enable JSOPTION_VAROBJFIX .
To get the latest JavaScript language features , applications may use JS_SetVersion .
Error reporting is also per-context and is enabled using JS_SetErrorReporter .
The global object :
To create this object , you first need a JSClass with the JSCLASS_GLOBAL_FLAGS option .
The example below defines a very basic JSClass ( named global_class ) with no methods or properties of its own .
Use JS_NewGlobalObject to create a global object .
Use JS_InitStandardClasses to populate it with the standard JavaScript globals .
This may seem like a lot of pieces for a simple application .
It amounts to about 80 lines of code , as shown below .
But the JSAPI is designed to scale to applications that need many global objects .
It is a fine - grained API , supporting many different combinations of the parts , and giving applications precise control over how SpiderMonkey behaves .
Here is the boilerplate code necessary for a minimal JSAPI application .
It contains everything described above .
#include " jsapi.h " using namespace JS ; //
The class of the global object .
static JSClass globalClass = { " global " , JSCLASS_GLOBAL_FLAGS , JS_PropertyStub , JS_DeletePropertyStub , JS_PropertyStub , JS_StrictPropertyStub , JS_EnumerateStub , JS_ResolveStub , JS_ConvertStub , nullptr , nullptr , nullptr , nullptr , JS_GlobalObjectTraceHook } ; //
The error reporter callback .
void reportError( JSContext * cx , const char * message , JSErrorReport * report ) { fprintf ( stderr , " %s:%u : %s
" , report -> filename ?
report -> filename : " [ no filename ] " , ( unsigned int ) report -> lineno , message ) ; } int run( JSContext * cx ) { //
Enter a request before running anything in the context .
JSAutoRequest ar( cx ) ; // Create the global object and a new compartment .
RootedObject global ( cx ) ; global = JS_NewGlobalObject(cx , &globalClass , nullptr , JS::DontFireOnNewGlobalHook ) ; if ( ! global ) return 1 ; //
Enter the new global object 's compartment .
JSAutoCompartment ac( cx , global ) ; //
Populate the global object with the standard globals , like Object and // Array . if (! JS_InitStandardClasses ( cx , global ) ) return 1 ; // Your application code here .
This may include JSAPI calls to create your // own custom JS objects and run scripts .
return 0 ; } int main ( int argc , const char * argv [ ] ) { // Initialize the JS engine . if (! JS_Init ( ) ) return 1 ; // Create a JS runtime .
JSRuntime *rt = JS_NewRuntime ( 8L * 1024L * 1024L ) ; if ( ! rt ) return 1 ; // Create a context .
JSContext * cx = JS_NewContext ( rt , 8192 ) ; if ( ! cx ) return 1 ; JS_SetErrorReporter ( rt , reportError ) ; int status = run(cx ) ; //
Shut everything down .
JS_DestroyContext ( cx ) ; JS_DestroyRuntime ( rt ) ; JS_ShutDown ( ) ; return status ; }
Each JSNative has the same signature , regardless of what arguments it expects to receive from JavaScript .
The JavaScript arguments to the function are given in argc and vp .
argc tells how many actual arguments the caller passed , and JS_ARGV ( cx , vp ) returns an array of those arguments .
The arguments do not have native C++ types like int and float ; rather , they are jsval s , JavaScript values .
The native function uses JS_ConvertArguments to convert the arguments to C++ types and store them in local variables .
The native function uses JS_SET_RVAL ( cx , vp , val ) to store its JavaScript return value .
On success , a JSNative must call JS_SET_RVAL and return true .
The value passed to JS_SET_RVAL is returned to the JavaScript caller .
On failure , a JSNative calls an error - reporting function , in this case JS_ReportError , and returns false .
This causes a JavaScript exception to be thrown .
The caller can catch the exception using a JavaScript try / catch statement .
To make native functions callable from JavaScript , declare a table of JSFunctionSpec s describing the functions .
Then call JS_DefineFunctions .
static JSFunctionSpec myjs_global_functions [ ] = { JS_FS ( " rand " , myjs_rand , 0 , 0 ) , JS_FS ( " srand " , myjs_srand , 0 , 0 ) , JS_FS ( " system " , myjs_system , 1 , 0 ) , JS_FS_END } ; ... if (! JS_DefineFunctions ( cx , global , myjs_global_functions ) ) return false ; ...
Once the functions are defined in global , any script that uses global as the global object can call them , just as any web page can call alert .
In the environment we have created , the " hello world " script looks like this :
system ( " echo hello world " ) ;
JSAPI Concepts
This section aims to fill in the major gaps in the picture of the JSAPI presented so far .
To do anything useful with SpiderMonkey , you must read all three sections .
JavaScript values
Main article : JS :: Value
JavaScript is a dynamically typed language : variables and properties do not have a type that is fixed at compile time .
How can a statically typed language , like C or C++ , in which all variables have types , interact with JavaScript ?
The JSAPI provides a data type , JS : : Value ( also with a deprecated jsval typedef ) , which can contain JavaScript values of any type .
A JS:: Value can be a number , a string , a boolean value , a reference to an object ( like an Object , Array , Date , or Function ) , or one of the special values null or undefined .
For integers and boolean values , a jsval contains the value itself .
In other cases , the jsval is a pointer to an object , string , or number .
Warning : Like C++ pointers , and unlike JavaScript var s , a JS :: Value is not automatically initialized to a safe value , and can become a dangling pointer !
A dangling pointer is a pointer that used to point to a valid object , but no longer does because the object no longer exists .
Using a dangling pointer can crash a C++ program ( or worse ) .
In the case of JS : : Value , the JavaScript garbage collector recycles objects , strings , and numbers that do n't appear to be in use , and a JS : : Value by itself does not protect its referent from the garbage collector .
See Garbage collection below for crucial information on how to use JS :: Value s safely .
JS :: Value includes member functions to test the JavaScript data type .
These are isObject ( ) , isNumber ( ) , isInt32 ( ) , isDouble ( ) , isString ( ) , isBoolean ( ) , isNull( ) , and isUndefined ( ) .
If a JS : : Value contains a JSObject , double , or JSString , you can cast it to its underlying data type using the toObject ( ) , toDouble ( ) , and toString ( ) member functions , respectively .
This is useful in some cases where your application or a JSAPI function requires a variable or argument of a specific data type , rather than a JS : : Value .
Similarly , you can create a JS :: Value wrapping a JSObject , double , or JSString pointer to a JS :: Value using JS :: ObjectValue( JSObject& ) , JS ::DoubleValue( double ) , or JS :: StringValue( JSString * ) .
Garbage collection
As it runs , JavaScript code implicitly allocates memory for objects , strings , variables , and so on .
Garbage collection is the process by which the JavaScript engine detects when those pieces of memory are no longer reachable — that is , they could not possibly ever be used again — and reclaims the memory .
Garbage collection has two important consequences for JSAPI applications .
First , the application must be very careful to ensure that any values it needs are GC - reachable .
The garbage collector is rather eager about its job .
Any object you leave lying around will be destroyed if you do n't tell the JSAPI you 're still using it .
Second , the application should take steps to reduce the performance impact of garbage collection .
Keeping objects alive
If your JSAPI application crashes , it is likely due to a GC - related error .
The application must ensure that the garbage collector can reach all the objects , numbers , and strings that are still being used .
Otherwise , the GC will free the memory occupied by those values , leading to a probable crash the next time your program tries to use them .
There are many ways to ensure that a value is GC - reachable .
If you just need the value to remain reachable for the duration of a JSNative call , store it in *rval or an element of the argv array .
The values stored in those locations are always reachable .
To get extra argv slots , use JSFunctionSpec.extra .
If a custom object needs certain values to remain in memory , just store the values in properties of the object .
As long as the object is reachable , its properties will remain reachable .
If these values must not be accessible from JavaScript , use reserved slots instead .
Or store the values in private data and implement JSClass .mark .
If a function creates new objects , strings , or numbers , it can use JS_EnterLocalRootScope and JS_LeaveLocalRootScope to keep those values alive for the duration of the function .
To keep a value alive permanently , store it in a GC root .
Still , GC bugs do occur .
These two functions , both available only in DEBUG builds , are especially useful for debugging GC - related crashes :
Use JS_SetGCZeal to enable extra garbage collection .
GC zeal usually causes a GC - related crash to occur much sooner ( closer to its cause ) and more reliably .
It 's for development and debugging only , because the extra garbage collection makes JS very slow .
Use JS_DumpHeap to dump the SpiderMonkey heap or specific interesting parts of it .
See SpiderMonkey Garbage Collection Internals for more details .
GC performance
Overly frequent garbage collection can be a performance issue .
Some applications can reduce the frequency of garbage collection simply by increasing the initial size of the JSRuntime .
Perhaps the best technique is to perform garbage collection during idle time , when it is least likely to have any impact on the user .
By default , the JavaScript engine performs garbage collection when it has no other choice except to grow the process .
This means that garbage collection typically happens when memory - intensive code is running , perhaps the worst possible time .
An application can trigger garbage collection at a more convenient time by calling JS_GC or JS_MaybeGC .
JS_GC forces garbage collection .
JS_MaybeGC performs garbage collection only if it is likely to reclaim a worthwhile amount of memory .
Errors and exceptions
The importance of checking the return value of JSAPI functions , of course , goes without saying .
Almost every JSAPI function that takes a JSContext * argument can fail .
The system might run out of memory .
There might be a syntax error in a script .
Or a script might explicitly throw an exception .
The JavaScript language has exceptions , and C++ has exceptions , but they are not the same thing .
SpiderMonkey does not use C++ exceptions for anything .
JSAPI functions never throw C++ exceptions , and when SpiderMonkey calls an application callback , the callback must not throw a C++ exception .
Throwing and catching exceptions
We have already seen one example of how to throw an exception from a JSNative function .
Simply call JS_ReportError , with printf - style arguments , and return false .
rc = system ( cmd ) ; if ( rc != 0 ) { /*
Throw a JavaScript exception .
*/ JS_ReportError(cx , " Command failed with exit code %d " , rc ) ; return false ; }
This is very much like the JavaScript statement throw new Error ( " Command failed with exit code " + rc ) ; .
Again , note that calling JS_ReportError does not cause a C++ exception to be thrown .
It only creates a new JavaScript Error object and stores it in the context as the current pending exception .
The application must also return false .
Once the C++ function returns false , the JavaScript engine starts unwinding the JavaScript stack , looking for a catch or finally block to execute .
But SpiderMonkey 's stack unwinding never removes application 's C++ functions from the stack .
Instead , SpiderMonkey simply returns false or nullptr to the application , which can then handle the error as it chooses — or just return false to let it propagate further up the stack .
Several more examples of throwing and catching exceptions can be found in the JSAPI Phrasebook .
Error reports
TODO your custom errorreporter
TODO when errors are reported
Automatic handling of uncaught exceptions
The JS_Compile * , JS_Call * , JS_Execute * , and JS_Evaluate * functions automatically pass exceptions to the error reporter in certain cases .
Each of these functions checks , just before it returns , to see if an exception is pending in the current JSContext .
If so , it then checks to see if there is any other JavaScript script or function on the stack in that JSContext .
If so , then the exception might yet be caught , so SpiderMonkey does nothing and returns false , allowing the exception to propagate .
But if nothing is on the JavaScript stack , then the uncaught exception is passed to the error reporter and the pending exception is cleared .
The basic consequence is that top - level application code can just set an error reporter and start calling JSAPI functions .
It never has to explicitly handle uncaught exceptions ; the error reporter is automatically called .
An application can disable automatic uncaught - exception handling using the JSOPTION_DONT_REPORT_UNCAUGHT option , but it must then deal with uncaught exceptions explicitly by calling JS_IsExceptionPending , JS_GetPendingException , JS_ReportPendingException , and / or JS_ClearPendingException whenever a JSAPI function returns false or nullptr .
Uncatchable errors
Another way for a JSNative callback to report an error is like this :
if (!p ) { JS_ReportOutOfMemory ( cx ) ; return false ; }
This does something subtly different from what JS_ReportError does .
Most errors , including those raised by JS_ReportError , are represented as JavaScript exceptions and thus interact with the JavaScript exception - handling language features , try , catch , and finally .
However , in some cases we do not want scripts to be able to catch an error ; we want script execution to terminate right away .
If the system runs out of memory in the middle of a script , we do not want finally blocks to execute , because almost anything a script does requires at least a little memory , and we have none .
If a script has been running too long and we want to kill it , it 's no good to throw an exception — the script could just catch it and keep going .
Therefore JS_ReportOutOfMemory ( cx ) does not set the pending exception .
It is an uncatchable error .
If SpiderMonkey runs out of memory , or a JSAPI callback returns false without an exception pending , this is treated as an uncatchable error .
The JavaScript stack is unwound in the normal way except that catch and finally blocks are ignored .
The most recent JSAPI call returns false or nullptr to the application .
An uncatchable error leaves the JSContext in a good state .
It can be used again right away .
The application does not have to do anything to “ recover ” from the error , as far as the JSAPI is concerned .
( Of course , if the error is that the system is out of memory , that problem remains to be dealt with . )
Here is some example code that throws an uncatchable error .
/* Call the error reporter , if any .
This part is optional .
*/ JS_ReportError(cx , " The server room is on fire ! " ) ; JS_ReportPendingException (cx ) ; /*
Make sure the error is uncatchable . */ JS_ClearPendingException ( cx ) ; return false ;
More sample code
The following examples illustrate how to achieve a few different effects using the JSAPI .
Note that the most important example is in the " A minimal example " section above .
More JSAPI code samples appear in the JSAPI Phrasebook .
Defining objects and properties
/* Statically initialize a class to make " one -off " objects .
*/ JSClass my_class = { " MyClass " , /*
All of these can be replaced with the corresponding JS_ * Stub function pointers .
*/ my_addProperty , my_delProperty , my_getProperty , my_setProperty , my_enumerate , my_resolve , my_convert , my_finalize } ; JSObject * obj ; /* * Define an object named in the global scope that can be enumerated by * for / in loops .
The parent object is passed as the second argument , as * with all other API calls that take an object / name pair .
The prototype * passed in is null , so the default object prototype will be used .
*/ obj = JS_DefineObject(cx , globalObj , " myObject " , &my_class , nullptr , JSPROP_ENUMERATE ) ; /* * Define a bunch of properties with a JSProperty Spec array statically * initialized and terminated with a null - name entry .
Besides its name , * each property has a " tiny " identifier ( MY_COLOR , e.g. ) that can be used * in switch statements ( in a common my_getProperty function , for example ) .
*/ enum my_tinyid { MY_COLOR , MY_HEIGHT , MY_WIDTH , MY_FUNNY , MY_ARRAY , MY_RDONLY } ; static JSPropertySpec my_props [ ] = { { " color " , MY_COLOR , JSPROP_ENUMERATE} , {" height " , MY_HEIGHT , JSPROP_ENUMERATE} , { " width " , MY_WIDTH , JSPROP_ENUMERATE} , { " funny " , MY_FUNNY , JSPROP_ENUMERATE} , { " array " , MY_ARRAY , JSPROP_ENUMERATE} , { " rdonly " , MY_RDONLY , JSPROP_READONLY} , {0} } ; JS_DefineProperties ( cx , obj , my_props ) ; /* * Given the above definitions and call to JS_DefineProperties , obj will * need this sort of " getter " method in its class ( my_class , above ) .
See * the example for the " It " class in js.c. */ static JSBool my_getProperty ( JSContext *cx , JSObject * obj , jsval id , jsval * vp ) { if ( JSVAL_IS_INT ( id ) ) { switch ( JSVAL_TO_INT ( id ) ) { case MY_COLOR : * vp = . . . ; break ; case MY_HEIGHT : *vp = . . . ; break ; case MY_WIDTH : *vp = . . . ; break ; case MY_FUNNY : *vp = . . . ; break ; case MY_ARRAY : *vp = . . . ; break ; case MY_RDONLY : *vp = . . . ; break ; } } return true ; }
Defining classes
This pulls together the above API elements by defining a constructor function , a prototype object , and properties of the prototype and of the constructor , all with one API call .
Initialize a class by defining its constructor function , prototype , and per-instance and per-class properties .
The latter are called " static " below by analogy to Java .
They are defined in the constructor object 's scope , so that MyClass.
myStaticProp works along with new MyClass ( ) .
JS_InitClass takes a lot of arguments , but you can pass nullptr for any of the last four if there are no such properties or methods .
Note that you do not need to call JS_InitClass to make a new instance of that class — otherwise there would be a chicken - and - egg problem making the global object — but you should call JS_InitClass if you require a constructor function for script authors to call via new , and / or a class prototype object ( MyClass. prototype ) for authors to extend with new properties at run time .
In general , if you want to support multiple instances that share behavior , use JS_InitClass .
protoObj = JS_InitClass ( cx , globalObj , nullptr , &my_class , /* native constructor function and min arg count */ MyClass , 0 , /* prototype object properties and methods -- these will be " inherited " by all instances through delegation up the instance 's prototype link .
*/ my_props , my_methods , /* class constructor properties and methods */ my_static_props , my_static_methods ) ;
Running scripts
/* These should indicate source location for diagnostics .
*/ char * filename ; unsigned int lineno ; /* *
The return value comes back here -- if it could be a GC thing , you must * add it to the GC's " root set " with JS_AddRoot ( cx , & thing ) where thing * is a JSString *, JSObject * , or jsdouble * , and remove the root before * rval goes out of scope , or when rval is no longer needed .
*/ jsval rval ; JSBool ok ; /* * Some example source in a C string .
Larger , non-null - terminated buffers * can be used , if you pass the buffer length to JS_EvaluateScript .
*/ char * source = " x * f ( y ) " ; ok = JS_EvaluateScript( cx , globalObj , source , strlen ( source ) , filename , lineno , &rval ) ; if ( ok ) { /*
Should get a number back from the example source .
*/ jsdouble d ; ok = JS_ValueToNumber ( cx , rval , &d ) ; . . . }
Calling functions
/* Call a global function named " foo " that takes no arguments .
*/ ok = JS_CallFunctionName(cx , globalObj , " foo " , 0 , 0 , &rval ) ; jsval argv [ 2 ] ; /*
Call a function in obj 's scope named " method " , passing two arguments . */ argv [ 0 ] = . . . ; argv [ 1 ] = . . . ; ok = JS_CallFunctionName( cx , obj , " method " , 2 , argv , &rval ) ;
JSContext
You should never create more than one JSContext per JSRuntime .
Support for multiple JSContexts per JSRuntime will be removed in the future .
If your application creates multiple runtimes , the application may need to know which runtime a context is associated with .
In this case , use JS_GetRuntime .
Use JS_SetContextPrivate and JS_GetContextPrivate to associate application - specific data with a context .
Initializing built - in and global JS objects
For a complete list of built - in objects provided by SpiderMonkey , see JS_InitStandardClasses .
The global object that an application provides to scripts largely determines what those scripts can do .
For example , the Firefox browser uses its own global object , window .
To change the global object for your application , call JS_SetGlobalObject .
Creating and initializing custom objects
In addition to using the engine 's built - in objects , you will create , initialize , and use your own JS objects .
This is especially true if you are using the JS engine with scripts to automate your application .
Custom JS objects can provide direct program services , or they can serve as interfaces to your program 's services .
For example , a custom JS object that provides direct service might be one that handles all of an application 's network access , or might serve as an intermediary broker of database services .
Or a JS object that mirrors data and functions that already exist in the application may provide an object - oriented interface to C code that is not otherwise , strictly - speaking , object - oriented itself .
Such a custom object acts as an interface to the application itself , passing values from the application to the user , and receiving and processing user input before returning it to the application .
Such an object might also be used to provide access control to the underlying functions of the application .
There are two ways to create custom objects that the JS engine can use :
Write a JS script that creates an object , its properties , methods , and constructor , and then pass the script to the JS engine at run time .
Embed code in your application that defines the object 's properties and methods , call the engine to initialize a new object , and then set the object 's properties through additional engine calls .
An advantage of this method is that your application can contain native methods that directly manipulate the object embedding .
In either case , if you create an object and then want it to persist in the run time where it can be used by other scripts , you must root the object by calling JS_AddRoot or JS_AddNamedRoot .
Using these functions ensures that the JS engine will keep track of the objects and clean them up during garbage collection , if appropriate .
Creating an object from a script
One reason to create a custom JS object from a script is when you only need an object to exist as long as the script that uses it is executing .
To create objects that persist across script calls , you can embed the object code in your application instead of using a script .
Note :
You can also use scripts to create persistent objects , too .
To create a custom object using a script :
Define and spec the object .
What is it intended to do ?
What are its data members ( properties ) ?
What are its methods ( functions ) ?
Does it require a run time constructor function ?
Code the JS script that defines and creates the object .
For example : function myfun ( ) { var x = newObject ( ) ; . . . } NOTE : Object scripting using JavaScript occurs outside the context of embedding the JS engine in your applications .
For more information about object scripting , see the Client - Side JavaScript Guide and the Server - Side JavaScript Guide .
Embed the appropriate JS engine call (s ) in your application to compile and execute the script .
You have two choices : 1. ) compile and execute a script with a single call to JS_EvaluateScript , JS_EvaluateUCScript or 2 . ) compile the script once with a call to JS_CompileScript or JS_CompileUCScript , and then execute it repeatedly with individual calls to JS_ExecuteScript .
The " UC " versions of these calls provide support for Unicode - encoded scripts .
An object you create using a script only can be made available only during the lifetime of the script , or can be created to persist after the script completes execution .
Ordinarily , once script execution is complete , its objects are destroyed .
In many cases , this behavior is just what your application needs .
In other cases , however , you will want object persistence across scripts , or for the lifetime of your application .
In these cases you need to embed object creation code directly in your application , or you need to tie the object directly to the global object so that it persists as long as the global object itself persists .
Custom objects
An application can create a custom object without bothering with a JSClass :
Implement the getters , setters , and methods for your custom object in C or C ++.
Write a JSProperty
Op for each getter or setter .
Write a JSNative or JSFastNative for each method .
Declare a JSPropertySpec array containing information about your custom object 's properties , including getters and setters .
Declare a JSFunctionSpec array containing information about your custom object 's methods .
Call JS_NewObject , JS_ConstructObject , or JS_DefineObject to create the object .
Call JS_DefineProperties to define the object 's properties .
Call JS_DefineFunctions to define the object 's methods .
JS_SetProperty can also be used to create properties on an object .
The properties it creates do not have getters or setters ; they are ordinary JavaScript properties .
Providing private data for objects
Like contexts , you can associate large quantities of data with an object without having to store the data in the object itself .
Call JS_SetPrivate to establish a pointer to private data for the object , and call JS_Get Private to retrieve the pointer so that you can access the data .
Your application is responsible for creating and managing this optional private data .
To create private data and associate it with an object :
Establish the private data as you would a normal C void pointer variable .
Call JS_SetPrivate , specify the object for which to establish private data , and specify the pointer to the data .
For example :
JS_SetPrivate ( cx , obj , pdata ) ;
To retrieve the data at a later time , call JS_GetPrivate , and pass the object as an argument .
This function returns the pointer to an object 's private data :
pdata = JS_GetPrivate ( cx , obj ) ;
Special topics
Unicode
To pass Unicode data between JavaScript and native code , represent the data in UTF - 16 in memory .
JavaScript strings , property names , and programs are all made up of jschar s , which are 16 - bit unsigned integers .
Many JSAPI functions operate on null - terminated , 8 - bit char strings .
These functions convert their char * arguments to 16 - bit strings by zero - extending each 8 - bit char to 16 bits — unless JS_C_STRINGS_ARE_UTF8 is defined or JS_SetCStringsAreUTF8 has been called , in which case each char * string is interpreted as UTF - 8 Unicode text .
The JSAPI provides jschar - based versions of many API functions that operate on strings , object properties , and JavaScript code .
jschar - based functions work exactly like their char - based namesakes , except that where traditional functions take a char * argument , the Unicode versions take a jschar * argument , usually with a separate argument specifying the length of the string in jschar s .
Compiled scripts
The easiest way to run a script is to use JS_EvaluateScript , which compiles and executes the script in one go .
But sometimes an application needs to run a script many times .
In this case , it may be faster to compile the script once and execute it multiple times .
The JSAPI provides a type , JSScript , that represents a compiled script .
The life cycle of a JSScript looks like this :
The application compiles some JavaScript code using JS_CompileScript , JS_CompileUTF8
File , or JS_CompileFileHandle .
These functions return a pointer to a new JSScript .
The application calls JS_ExecuteScript ( or JS_ExecuteScriptPart ) any number of times .
It is safe to use a JSScript in multiple different contexts , but only within the JSRuntime and global in which it was created .
Here is some example code using a compiled script :
/* * Compile a script and execute it repeatedly until an * error occurs .
( If this ever returns , it returns false .
*
If there 's no error it just keeps going . )
*/ JSBool compileAndRepeat ( JSContext * cx , const char * filename ) { JSScript * script ; script = JS_CompileUTF8 File(cx , JS_GetGlobalObject ( cx ) , filename ) ; if ( ! script ) return false ; /* compilation error */ for ( ; ; ) { jsval result ; if (! JS_ExecuteScript( cx , JS_GetGlobalObject ( cx ) , script , &result ) ) break ; JS_MaybeGC( cx ) ; } return false ; }
The lifetime of the compiled script is tied to the lifetime of a JavaScript object , the garbage collector destroys the script when it is no longer reachable .
The JSAPI provides this feature via the JS_NewScriptObject function .
The life cycle of a script using this feature is like this :
The application compiles some JavaScript code .
To protect the compiled script from garbage collection , the application creates a compiled script object by calling JS_NewScriptObject and makes that object GC - reachable using JS_SetProperty , JS_SetReservedSlot , JS_AddRoot , or some other function .
The application executes the compiled script any number of times .
As the application progresses , eventually it does n't need the compiled script anymore , and the compiled script object becomes unreachable .
The garbage collector then eventually collects the unreachable script and its components .
Here is example code demonstrating the technique — but note that this case is not really complex enough to warrant the use of JS_NewScriptObject .
The above example does the same thing more directly .
/* * Compile a script and execute it repeatedly until an * error occurs .
( If this ever returns , it returns false .
*
If there 's no error it just keeps going . )
*/ JSBool compileAndRepeat ( JSContext * cx , const char * filename ) { JSScript * script ; JSObject * scriptObj ; script = JS_CompileUTF8 File(cx , JS_GetGlobalObject ( cx ) , filename ) ; if ( ! script ) return false ; /* compilation error */ scriptObj = JS_NewScriptObject( cx , script ) ; if ( ! scriptObj ) { JS_DestroyScript( cx , script ) ; return false ; } if ( !
JS_AddNamedObjectRoot(cx , &scriptObj , " compileAndRepeat script object " ) ) return false ; for ( ; ; ) { jsval result ; if (! JS_ExecuteScript( cx , JS_GetGlobalObject ( cx ) , script , &result ) ) break ; JS_MaybeGC( cx ) ; } JS_RemoveObjectRoot(cx , & scriptObj ) ; /* scriptObj becomes unreachable and will eventually be collected .
*/ return false ; }
Security
Many applications use SpiderMonkey to run untrusted code .
In designing this kind of application , it 's important to think through the security concerns ahead of time .
Your application will need to do several things .
Deploy security updates - Firefox automatically installs updates , so security fixes are deployed as soon as they are available .
Unless you also regularly deploy SpiderMonkey security updates , a determined hacker could use publicly known bugs in the engine to attack your application .
Note that the kind of attack we 're talking about here is where a hacker uses JavaScript to attack the C++ code of the engine itself ( or your embedding ) .
The rest of the items in this list talk about security issues that arise within JavaScript itself , even if the engine is working properly .
- Firefox automatically installs updates , so security fixes are deployed as soon as they are available .
Unless you also regularly deploy SpiderMonkey security updates , a determined hacker could use publicly known bugs in the engine to attack your application .
Note that the kind of attack we 're talking about here is where a hacker uses JavaScript to attack the C++ code of the engine itself ( or your embedding ) .
The rest of the items in this list talk about security issues that arise within JavaScript itself , even if the engine is working properly .
Block simple denial - of - service attacks - A program like while ( true ) {} should not hang your application .
To stop execution of scripts that run too long , use JS_SetOperationCallback .
Likewise , a function like function f( ) {f ( ) ; } should not crash your application with a stack overflow .
To block that , use JS_SetNativeStackQuota .
- A program like should not hang your application .
To stop execution of scripts that run too long , use .
Likewise , a function like should not crash your application with a stack overflow .
To block that , use .
Control access to sensitive data -
Your application might expose data to some scripts that other scripts should not be able to see .
For example , you might let your customers write scripts that operate on their own data , but not other customers ' data .
These access rules must be enforced somehow .
- Your application might expose data to some scripts that other scripts should not be able to see .
For example , you might let your customers write scripts that operate on their own data , but not other customers ' data .
These access rules must be enforced somehow .
Control access to dangerous functionality - Suppose your application has a method deleteUserAccount ( ) which is meant to be used by administrators only .
Obviously if untrusted code can use that method , you have a security problem .
The first two problems are important but fairly straightforward and will not be discussed further here .
The rest of this section tells how you can control scripts ' access to data and functionality .
The best security is no security ( really )
Do you ever worry about your snake eating your mouse ?
No ?
If you do n't have both a snake and a mouse , you do n't have this problem .
Likewise , if your application does n't have both untrusted users ( snakes ) and sensitive data or dangerous functionality that 's exposed to JavaScript ( mice ) , then you do n't need to read any further .
The functions and objects created by JS_InitStandardClasses are safe .
They do not provide access to files , the network , or anything browser - related .
The most sensitive information they expose to scripts is the current date and time .
Object - capabilities - based security
One way to keep a snake from eating a mouse is to keep the mouse and the snake in separate cages .
One way to keep user A from accessing user B's sensitive data or dangerous functions is to keep each user 's code in a separate sandbox .
That is , create a separate JSContext and global object for each user , and always run each script in the appropriate context .
When setting up a new global object , simply do n't define any functions the user should n't have access to .
This approach is called object - capabilities security .
To learn more about it , watch the movie or read the book .
The metaphor is misleading in one regard : the snake can't reach the mouse because there 's a physical barrier in the way .
With SpiderMonkey the situation is more subtle .
There 's no barrier ; there 's just no way to get there from here .
How can a malicious script get a reference to an object from another sandbox ?
It might as well be in a parallel universe .
Even global variables are per-sandbox .
There is no getObjectFromOtherSandbox ( ) function .
Your application just needs to take care not to expose any such function to scripts .
In short , never pass one user 's data and objects to another user 's code , and you 'll have no access control issues .
SpiderMonkey wo n't do it if you do n't .
Trade - offs .
Object - capabilities security is security without run-time security checks .
It is easy to implement , easy to reason about , and fast .
But in fairness there are some drawbacks .
First , the failure mode is pretty severe .
If you do accidentally leak an object from one sandbox into another , the genie is out of the bottle .
Once a malicious script gets a reference to a single object in a sandbox , it can use that object to get a reference to the sandbox 's global object , and from there , almost any other object or function in that sandbox .
There is no way to fix it except to destroy both sandboxes and start over .
A second drawback is that the system does n't automatically respond to changes in user privileges .
Suppose user A is not an administrator , so you set up sandbox A with no administrator functionality .
If you promote user A to be an admin , SpiderMonkey wo n't magically update sandbox A to have the administrator classes and functions you did n't define before .
Your application will have to do that explicitly .
Conversely , if you want to strip user
A's administrator privileges , but you have already given administrator functions to user A's scripts , that 's even worse .
You have no choice but to destroy user A's sandbox and start over .
Fine - grained security
Another way to keep a snake from eating a mouse is to watch the snake constantly , and if it tries to eat the mouse , intervene .
SpiderMonkey is designed to support custom , application - defined security models .
For example , the Firefox browser has a complex and powerful security model .
Some JavaScript code ( " chrome " ) has full access to the system .
Scripts from web pages ( " content " ) have very limited access .
The same origin policy governs a script 's access to data and functions from other web pages .
The SpiderMonkey security model is based on the Java principals security model .
This model provides a common security interface , but the actual security implementation is up to you .
To use SpiderMonkey 's fine - grained security features :
Decide what security policy you want to enforce .
Insert a call to JS_CheckAccess at each point in your application where a security check is necessary .
( Some security checks are also built into the JavaScript engine ; you must decide what security policy to enforce for each of these checks . )
Implement one or more JSPrincipals objects in your application .
You need one JSPrincipals object for each different set of privileges that a script might have .
When compiling or executing code , use the JSAPI functions that attach principals to the compiled code .
These functions have ForPrincipals in the name .
They are listed below .
The purpose of using these functions is to ensure that your access check callbacks have accurate information about who is trying to access an object .
Function Purpose JS_CompileScriptForPrincipals ,
JS_CompileUCScriptForPrincipals ,
JS_CompileFileHandleForPrincipals
Compile a script with security information .
( To execute a compiled script , use JS_ExecuteScript . )
JS_CompileFunctionForPrincipals ,
JS_CompileUCFunctionForPrincipals Create a JavaScript function with security information .
JS_EvaluateScriptForPrincipals ,
JS_EvaluateUCScriptForPrincipals
Compile and execute a script with security information .
Implement access check callback functions ( see JSClass.checkAccess and JS_SetCheckObjectAccessCallback ) .
These will be called from JS_CheckAccess and sometimes from within the JavaScript engine .
An access check callback function can use jsdbgapi.h functions such as JS_FrameIterator and JS_StackFramePrincipals to obtain the principals of the code that is trying to perform the checked operation .
Then it determines whether to allow the operation to proceed .
Tracing and Profiling
There are features provided by the JSAPI that make it easier to implement JavaScript tracers and profilers .
Function tracing
If you configure with -- enable - trace - jscalls , you can use JS_SetFunctionCallback ( ) to set up a C function to be called whenever a JavaScript function is about to be called , or has finished executing :
void funcTransition ( const JSFunction * func , const JSScript * scr , const JSContext * const_cx , JSBool entering ) { JSContext * cx = const_cast < JSContext *>( const_cx ) ; JSString * name = JS_GetFunctionId(( JSFunction *) func ) ; const char * entExit ; const char * nameStr ; /* build a C string for the function 's name */ if ( ! name ) { nameStr = " Unnamed function " ; } else { nameStr = JS_EncodeString ( cx , name ) ; } /* build a string for whether we 're entering or exiting */ if ( entering ) { entExit = " Entering " ; } else { entExit = " Exiting " ; } /* output information about the trace */ printf ( " %s JavaScript function : %s at time : %ld " , entExit , nameStr , clock ( ) ) ; } void enableTracing ( JSContext * cx ) { JS_SetFunctionCallback(cx , funcTransition ) ; } void disableTracing ( JSContext * cx ) { JS_SetFunctionCallback ( cx , nullptr ) ; }
[ digg - reddit - me ] Hillary Clinton is not the best candidate for Barack Obama to choose as his Secretary of State .
She has the necessary gravitas ; she has the experience ; she has a similar worldview ( more on that later ) ; she has significant political weight in America ; she has many established relationships with worldwide leaders ; she has an undeniable star power since her primary campaign ; she has been a workhorse in the Senate ; she knows – at almost all times – the proper and diplomatic answer to preserve the status quo .
There are a few obvious obstacles to placing Hillary in this position :
She made a big issue of her disagreements with Obama on foreign policy during the primary campaign , going so far as to call his policies “ naive ” and “ irresponsible . ”
Now she would be expected to carry out these policies and not undermine them .
She has her own foreign policy team which she could easily fill the State Department with , starting with Richard Holbrooke ; it would be a fight for Obama to get a significant number of his own foreign policy team at State ; in addition , there is bad blood between the Hillary camp and a number of Obama ’s advisors – especially those who worked initially for the Clintons – complicating who could be appointed where and possibly the working relationships .
Given these two above factors , there is a considerable chance that Obama could face a struggle in enacting his foreign policy agenda – and Clinton and her team of insiders could plausibly mount a bureacratic struggle undermining Obama ’s agenda – much as Dick Cheney and his team were able to undermine Colin Powell .
She and her husband have always been surrounded by drama – from Arkansas to the White House to her primary campaign – in stark contrast to the No - Drama - Obama team .
She caused a serious international incident during the primary season causing both our strong allies to criticize her and our enemies to complain to the United Nations ; everyone makes mistakes , but in this instance she seemed to choose to cause this incident to gain political capital – not the best attitude for a potential rival who would be acting as your Secretary of State .
Her husband and his Clinton Foundation make for a huge amount of potential conflicts .
She has often seemed physically uncomfortable with Obama and Obama has often seemed less certain of himself around her .
All of these obstacles can and should be overcome – if she is the best candidate for the job .
But she is n’t .
There is in fact another high profile candidate who brings considerable assets Hillary lacks while also lacking her deficiencies : Chuck Hagel .
Hagel :
Has agreed with many of Obama ’s foreign policy positions and defended them against attacks both from Hillary Clinton and the Republican Party and John McCain ;
As a Republican , would provide political cover to Obama at home , making it harder to characterize Obama ’s foreign policy as “ typical , liberal weakness ; ”
Would send a message at home and abroad that Obama ’s foreign policy will be bipartisan , strong , forward - thinking , and would mark the return of common sense to America ’s foreign policy ;
Is comfortable enough with Obama , and Obama with him , that he accompanied Obama on his worldwide tour during the campaign .
He ’s a low key figure .
I think Hillary Clinton is – of the possible choices I have heard mentioned – the second best of all the options .
But Hagel is far better – because he agrees with Obama on these significant matters of controversy .
The ideal place for Hillary would be in the Department of Defense .
She would be a ground - breaking pick – and one that would burnish the national security creditials she will want to use again in her almost inevitable retry .
It would make even better sense to leave Robert Gates in as Secretary of Defense for the next year or two – and work with him to start those tough spending cuts on big , Cold War era projects that will be needed .
Then , after those cuts have been pushed through – get Hillary in as Secretary of Defense .
This would also have the secondary effect of keeping her extra busy mastering her new position in the run-up to the 2012 election , helping prevent any potential mischief .
In the meantime , Hillary could spend the next two years in the Senate working with Ted Kennedy on the project that she started her political career working on : health care .
She could also focus on infrastructure improvements – as she has been – and which are extremely important if less than glamorous .
Update : Ken Silverstein over at Harper ’s has his own list of reasons Hillary should n’t be Secretary of State .
His number 2 is a very important point I overlooked :
It would be impossible , politically , to fire Hillary .
No matter what she says or does , or how insubordinate , Obama will be stuck with her as long as she wants to stay .
H/t to Andrew Sullivan on the link .
[ Above image by Angela Radulescu . ]
Like Loading ...
The House of Commons office of Damian Green , the Tories ' immigration spokesman , is routinely swept for electronic bugging devices , along with other offices belonging to senior Conservatives , amid fears of covert monitoring , The Independent on Sunday has discovered .
Anger surrounding the shadow immigration minister 's arrest last week escalated dramatically last night over suspicions of a major bugging scandal inside the Palace of Westminster .
The IoS understands that even before his surprise arrest on Thursday Mr Green was aware that his Commons office , phone calls and emails could be under surveillance because of the sensitive nature of his job .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The fresh revelations rocked the Commons just days before the high point of the parliamentary calendar , the Queen 's Speech , which takes place on Wednesday .
Tory leader David Cameron last night said the Prime Minister must denounce the arrest of Mr Green or risk charges of hypocrisy because he " made his career " from Whitehall leaks .
Writing in the News of the World , Mr Cameron added : " If this approach had been in place in the 1990s , then Gordon Brown would have spent most of his time under arrest . "
Several offices within the Commons and Portcullis House belonging to senior Tory MPs and officials are checked regularly by security experts for listening devices and other surveillance equipment .
The IoS has learnt that there are " major concerns " at the highest levels of the Tory party over suspected monitoring by the authorities .
Any such monitoring may not be illegal but would be hugely controversial .
Last night , a Conservative MP wrote to Gordon Brown demanding an urgent review of the Wilson doctrine , the convention that protects MPs from phonetapping but does not cover other surveillance techniques .
It is not known whether a covert device has ever been found during searches .
But if the suspicions are proved right , it would have major implications for the protection of parliamentary privilege .
Ben Wallace , the Conservative MP for Lancaster & Wyre , said the Wilson doctrine , which dates back to 1966 , needed to be changed to cover all forms of surveillance , not just intercepting of calls .
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
He said : " It is disturbing that the authorities may have exploited the difference between surveillance and intercept in order to pursue Members of Parliament over the past 10 years . "
Mr Green 's arrest and detention for nine hours , and simultaneous raids on his office in Portcullis House , constituency office and home over the Whitehall leak investigation has already triggered a major political row .
David Cameron , the Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg , and MPs from all parties have reacted furiously to the treatment of the MP for Ashford .
It is understood that disquiet at the police action , in particular the approval by the Serjeant at Arms to allow anti-terrorist police to raid a parliamentary office , has even reached cabinet levels , but Downing Street maintains the investigation is a police matter .
Ministers have insisted that the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary , Jacqui Smith , did not know in advance that Mr Green was to be arrested .
Mr Green , whose mobile phone was taken by police as part of their investigation into leaked stories from a Home Office civil servant , was forced to communicate through his Facebook page yesterday .
A party spokesman refused to comment on the revelations last night , as did Mr Green .
There were reports that the civil servant accused of leaking stories is an assistant private secretary who was temporarily attached to the special advisers ' office at the Home Office .
To have your say on this or any other issue visit www.independent.co.uk/IoSblogs
MIAMI , Florida ( CNN ) -- Former Republican vice presidential nominee Gov. Sarah Palin sharply questioned expanding the federal economic bailout plan Thursday during her first extended remarks since the end of the presidential campaign .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin talks to reporters at the GOP governors ' group meeting Thursday in Miami , Florida .
Addressing fellow GOP governors and party leaders at the Republican Governors Association convention in Miami , Florida , Palin criticized the growing list of industries and others seeking federal assistance .
" We 're hearing now more talk of additional taxpayer bailouts ... for companies , for corporations , perhaps even states now who may be standing in line with their hands out despite , perhaps , some poor management decisions on their part that helped tank our economy , " she said .
Palin stressed the need for what she called greater economic " accountability and personal responsibility " while urging " conservative solutions to these economic challenges . "
At a press conference earlier Thursday , Palin said that she and her fellow Republican governors were ready to put aside " extreme partisanship " and act if Washington fails to provide the leadership America needs .
She told them not to " let obsessive , extreme partisanship ... get in the way of doing what 's right . "
" I think that this group is going to be looked to and looked at for leadership that perhaps had been lacking in Congress and in Washington , D.C. , " she said .
" This group is going to be uniquely qualified to provide leadership in this nation . "
Reflecting on the recent campaign , Palin said , " For us , it was not our time .
It was not our moment . "
Watch whether Palin has plans for 2012 »
She complimented President - elect Barack Obama , saying she wishes him " well as the 44th president of the United States .
If he governs with the skill , and the grace , and the greatness of which he is capable , we 're going to be just fine . "
Watch Palin says she 's ready to help Obama »
Palin also criticized the national media for wanting to " dissect the past " and " playing the pundit 's role " for the 2012 presidential campaign .
" As far as we 're concerned , the past is the past , " she said .
" We 're focused on the future .
[ The future ] is next year , and our next budgets , and the next reforms in our states . "
Asked why she chose to hold her first formal news conference now , she replied , " The campaign is over . "
The governor 's first post-election appearance was not without controversy .
Some Republican governors told CNN they were not particularly happy with the way the RGA press conference was executed Thursday , saying they agreed to go as a show of GOP governors ' unity , but they ended up feeling like silent Palin supporters , because it was clearly a press conference called for her .
The GOP governors spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity .
One called it awkward : " I 'm sure you could see it on some of our faces . "
Another Republican governor eyeing a presidential run in 2012 told CNN the event was " odd " and " weird , " and said it " unfortunately sent a message that she was the de facto leader of the party . "
In an interview with CNN , it was suggested to Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour that there has been a feeling among some GOP governors gathered in Miami that Palin has been sucking up all the media oxygen .
Barbour shrugged off that suggestion .
" That 's just somebody running down a rabbit trail .
There 's plenty of oxygen here , " he said .
In another shift , Palin , who had been slated to take questions for 20 minutes or so , took just four reporter queries before Texas Gov. Rick Perry ended the news conference .
" We were running behind schedule , " Perry said .
CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin • Republican Party • Barack Obama
The Good , the Bad and the Ugly 11/16/2008
Megan
Fox talks tattoos - Anything Hollywood
Amy Winehouse is still a complete mess - Celeb Warship
Is this Paula Abdul 's last year on American Idol ? - Celebitchy
Miranda Kerr in a hot white bikini - Celebridiot
Goldie Hawn forgets her bra - Celebrity Dirty Laundry
Stacy Keibler Miami beach bikini photos - Celebrity Gossip
Jessica Biel to work with boyfriend Justin Timberlake - Daily Stab
Heather Mills fixes her boobs - Gabby Babble
Video of sexy Olga Kurlenko's Maxim shoot - Geno's World
The movie trailer for Star Trek - Hollywire
Lindsay Lohan wants to strike a deal with paparazzi - Hollywood Backwash
Jessica Alba thinks explosive diarrhea is fun - Hollywood Crap
Kate Hudson 's sexual preferences - Stupid Celebrities
Is Kendra Wilkinson sorry she posed naked for Playboy ? - The Blemish
The first salvos were fired late Tuesday when Rep. Henry Waxman , who chairs the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , disclosed that he sent letters to the first nine major banks set to receive a capital injection from the government , seeking information on their compensation and bonus plans for 2008 and other years .
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said that he would also be looking into the issues , though he is n't opening a formal investigation at this time .
Though what 's commonly known as the Wall Street bailout package includes modest restrictions on CEO pay , it hardly prevents participating financial firms from paying bonuses to top executives and others .
And in an environment of beaten - down stock prices , rising layoffs , recession and huge government bailouts , experts and legislators say big end - of - year bonuses will cause a firestorm of public outrage and likely provoke a Congressional backlash .
" The corporate community does n't seem to get it , " says a seething Nell Minow , founder of the Corporate Library , which focuses on corporate governance issues .
" If the corporate leaders do n't come to the American people with some accountability , they are going to find themselves in a world of pain .
Congress will set CEO pay . "
And then some .
" People are going to be demanding that someone go to jail , " say Rep. Peter DeFazio ( D. - Ore ) , who says his constituents have applauded him for voting against the legislation .
" It will require Democrats to revisit restrictions [ on CEO pay ] . "
DeFazio says he would also recommend Congress " empower a division in the FBI and Justice Department to investigate the fraud and misdeeds that went on . "
Bailout Bonanza
Big compensation packages for CEOs , especially those on Wall Street , have been a matter of controversy for years , but what 's different this time around is that the financial crisis has bludgeoned investors and taxpayers alike just as the economy tips into a nasty recession .
" You ’re really dealing with an environment where outrage is the benchmark , " Eric Dezenhall , founder of Dezenhall Resources , a damage control expert who 's represented CEOs facing criminal prosecution and corporate crises .
" In a climate like this , the question is : Do you want to make your millions or to be loved ?
Take your pick .
Its not all spinnable . "
Palaeontologist Rick Marshall takes Will and Holly into a new world of danger , dinosaurs and big bug - eyed lizard people while trying to find their way back home and , too , save the universe and in doing so saving his reputation .
With the dinosaur with brains , brawn and personality and the adventure of scientific advancement and exotic beasts in a far away land , it all adds up to time traveling fun and frolics .
Written by Cinema_Fan
College Presidents Cashing
In , Study Says Salaries and benefits for top job climbs even as students feel tuition pinch .
Nov. 17 , 2008 --
The number of college and university presidents taking home eye - popping paychecks continues to climb – even as more and more students have trouble paying their tuition bills .
Fifty - nine presidents of public universities reeled in more than $ 500,000 in salary and benefits during the 2007 - 08 academic year , more than double the number who broke the half - million mark three years earlier , according to a survey by the Chronicle of Higher Education released on Monday .
Among private - college presidents , 89 now earn at least $ 500,000 , up from 70 in the survey two years earlier .
David J. Sargent , president of little - known Suffolk University in Massachusetts , headed the pay parade , corralling $ 2,800,461 .
He was followed by Northwestern University President Henry Bienen , who took in $ 1,742,560 , and Columbia University President Lee C. Bollinger , who received $ 1,411,894 in salary and benefits .
E. Gordon Gee of Ohio State University sat atop the salary heap for public university presidents in the survey , bringing in $ 1,346,255 .
There was one notable twist to this year 's salary survey by the Chronicle of Higher Education :
Some college presidents recently have turned down pay raises , including the leaders of Rutgers University , the University of Connecticut , Rowan University , the University of Louisville and Brevard Community College .
For University of Connecticut President Michael Hogan , that meant turning aside what most likely would have been a $ 100,000 bonus .
" Under the circumstances , I just did n't feel right taking [ it ] , " Hogan told the Chronicle .
The pay increases noted in the new survey were awarded before the financial crisis began battering the economy this fall .
Still , Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa , the top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee , issued a statement saying he was troubled by the growing compensation packages at a time students and parents are having more and more difficulty paying for college .
" The Chronicle 's study shows that the executive suite seems insulated from budget crunches , " Grassley said .
" In these hard economic times , apparently belt tightening is for families and students , not university presidents . "
The editor of the Chronicle , Jeffrey Selingo , said , " Salaries of college presidents always get scrutiny .
But this year , students , parents , trustees and lawmakers are likely to take a closer look at whether presidents are worth the cost given how worried families are about affording tuition as everyone is feeling a bit poorer . "
College presidents defend their compensation packages , saying they function , in effect , as chief executives overseeing complex , multibillion - dollar enterprises – and are still paid far less than CEOs in other lines of work .
" The trouble is that most people …have little idea what we do , " Sanford Ungar , president of Goucher College , wrote in an op - ed piece that accompanies the Chronicle survey .
The new survey found that executive compensation increased by 7.6 percent , to $ 427,400 , for the leaders of 184 public research universities .
Total compensation for the leaders of private institutions actually declined by 0.2 percent , but Selingo said the drop was a statistical anomaly -- the result of several established , high - paid university presidents retiring .
Still , Selingo said the salary gap between the presidents of public and private college and universities was narrowing .
" Privates have long paid a lot more than publics , by the salaries at the public universities definitely are rising at a much faster rate , " he said .
" Eighty percent of the students go to the public universities , they are becoming a lot more complex to operate , and they are under more and more pressure to operate more efficiently and turn out better graduates .
The competition for talent to run them has increased greatly . "
The $ 2.8 million payday for Suffolk University President David J. Sargent broke down this way : $ 436,000 in base pay , a $ 436,000 longevity bonus , a deferred sabbatical bonus of $ 1.19 million , $ 555,667 in deferred compensation , a performance bonus of $ 87,200 and $ 56,262 in health , dental and other benefits .
Nicholas Macaronis , chairman of Suffolk 's Board of Trustees , defending the compensation package , telling the Chronicle , " In more than a half century at Suffolk University , President Sargent has been the heart , the soul and the vision of this great institution .
His compensation should be appropriate for a president of an outstanding major urban institution . "
Struggle for position of White House Chief started long ago .
It started so long ago , that most of people do n’t remember , who is struggling for presidential position and what was happening all that long months .
Let ’s try in brief to overview this hot struggle beginning from 2007 .
Let ’s start from Republicans .
Firstly it was Rudy Guiliani , known as 9/11 .
He tried to get from majors straight away to presidents .
Make way for Mormons !
Mitt Romney came into the race .
And then it was a real pastor .
Mike Huckabee is a preacher and artist .
But wise John McCain was assured even at that time , that he would win .
Let ’s pass on Democrats .
Among many extraordinary personalities nobody at first noticed young senator Barack Obama .
And definitively ex-president ’s wife Hillary Clinton should n’t beware of him .
But gradually a serious struggle between Obama and Clinton began .
And Obama steadily was overcoming Hillary .
Finally Hillary had to leave the stage .
Although many people thought Hillary would be vice presidential nominee , it was nominated highly experienced Joe Biden .
It seems , that McCain chose his running mate as a set - off to Biden .
Sarah Palin is governor of the U.S. state of Alaska , mother of five children and hunter .
We would like to say that debates between presidential candidates were hot , but they were not .
Or they were not hot before Joe the plumber appeared .
In spite of all that exertions any candidate won the debates .
This candidate even began to talk , that he is ready to loose the elections .
But , of course , till November 4 it is impossible to be certain .
Photo : AFP
« The 2008 Presidential Election | Main | John McCain congratulated Barack Obama and said goodbye »
' What a ride ! '
Space tourist and Russian cosmonauts return to Earth in ' flawless ' landing
British - born space tourist Richard Garriott and his two Russian colleagues made a ‘ flawless ’ landing in Kazakhstan today , on their return from the International Space Station .
They avoided a string of mishaps that have plagued the Soyuz spacecraft on previous landings .
Blazing : The Soyuz capsule makes a fiery re-rentry into Earth 's atmosphere
Cosmonauts Sergei Volkov and Oleg Kononenko , as well as American space tourist Richard Garriott , said they were ‘ feeling well ’ .
They were extracted from the capsule by a Russian recovery team .
Mr Garriott , the U.S. video game guru , who paid £ 17 million for his 10 - day jaunt looked elated after his trip .
' What a great ride that was , ' said Garriott .
Sitting in an armchair and wrapped in a blue blanket against the near - freezing temperature on the steppe , he smiled broadly .
' Flawless ' landing : Ground crew help U.S. space tourist Richard Garriott after the Soyuz capsule touches down
Prepared : Russian helicopters fly over Kazakh steppe on their way to Arkalik before the landing
' This is obviously a pinnacle experience , ' he added .
The computer games tycoon was greeted by his father , Owen Garriott , a retired NASA astronaut who flew on the U.S. space station Skylab in 1973 .
' Hey , Papa - san , ' said Richard Garriott , 47 as the pair shook hands .
' How come you look so fresh and ready to go ? ' the 77 - year - old asked .
Richard Garriott , here with ground crew members after the landing , is the world 's sixth space tourist
' Because I 'm fresh and ready to go - again , ' his son replied smiling .
Farewell : Richard Garriott waves goodbye as he prepares for his $ 30 million trip to the International Space Station
Charred black from a blazing re-entry into Earth 's atmosphere , the craft slowed its descent with a massive parachute and fired powerful gunpowder engines to cushion its landing .
It landed in a huge cloud of dust in a field 80 km ( 50 miles ) north of the town of Arkalyk as planned .
A NASA Television live feed from mission control in Moscow described it as a flawless on - target landing .
This came as a huge relief to Russian and US officials as the capsule has manfunctioned twice over the past year – putting crew members through hazardous ‘ ballistic ’ re-entries .
Ballistic landings are extra steep and subject crews to massive gravitational forces .
One astronaut reportedly feared death during such a landing earlier this year .
‘ I do n't recall such a perfect landing as this one , ’ Anatoly Perminov , head of Russia 's space agency Roskosmos , said in Moscow this morning .
( CNN ) -- Former President Bill Clinton said Thursday he thinks that Barack Obama will win big in the upcoming presidential election .
Bill Clinton and Barack Obama chat at Clinton 's Harlem office .
" I predict that Sen. Obama will win and win handily , " Clinton said when asked his opinion on the state of the race .
Obama smiled at Clinton 's prediction , saying , " There you go , you can take it from the president of the United States .
He knows a little something about politics . "
The two men chatted with reporters in a photo - op at Clinton 's Harlem office before sitting down for a private lunch .
According to CNN 's average of national polls , John McCain currently holds a 1 - point lead over Obama , 46 - 45 percent .
iReport.com : Still undecided ?
The poll of polls , released Thursday afternoon , is composed of the following five national general election surveys : Fox News / Opinion Dynamics ( September 8 - 9 ) , NBC / Wall Street Journal ( September 6 - 8 ) , American Research Group ( September 6 - 8 ) , Gallup ( September 8 - 10 ) , and Diageo / Hotline ( September 8 - 10 ) .
It does not have a sampling error .
Clinton is scheduled to campaign for Obama in Florida once he wraps up some business with his Clinton Global Initiative .
According to aides , the former president will do a mix of fundraisers and public appearances on behalf of the Democratic ticket throughout the fall .
" We 're putting him to work , " said Obama .
" I 've agreed to do a substantial number of things , whatever I 'm asked to do , " Clinton said .
Watch Clinton make his prediction »
The image of the two men meeting comes as a relief to many Democrats who have been hoping to put to rest the " Clinton - Obama rift " storyline .
Both sides agreed a face - to - face meeting with the former president would go a long way toward putting the contentious primary season behind them .
Hillary Clinton campaigned for Obama earlier in the week in Florida and will campaign in Ohio this weekend .
Obama 's running mate , Joe Biden , spoke Thursday with first responders in Parma , Ohio .
He opened up the event by telling everyone he did not plan to talk politics .
" Let 's pull together , let 's say together .
This is nothing to do with Democrats , Republicans -- it 's about Americans , " he said .
Obama and McCain also put aside politics Thursday to commemorate the September 11 terrorist attacks .
The two appeared together at ground zero in New York City to lay roses at the 9/11 memorial and speak with first responders and family members of victims .
They were joined by Cindy McCain and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg .
iReport.com :
See photos from the scene
Later Thursday , Obama and McCain will share the stage briefly as they appear back - to - back at the ServiceNation Presidential Candidates Forum at Columbia University in New York .
Meanwhile , Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin headed home to Alaska after spending the week campaigning with McCain .
The pair drew a crowd of more than 20,000 in the sturdily Democratic county of Fairfax , Virginia , on Wednesday .
That was their largest crowd to date .
After that event , Palin returned home so she could attend her son 's deployment ceremony on Thursday .
Track Palin enlisted in the U.S. army exactly one year ago .
His brigade is going to Iraq .
Watch more on Palin 's return to Alaska »
Later Thursday , Palin will give her first television interview with a national media outlet since being named as McCain 's running mate .
The Alaska governor will spend two days with ABC's Charlie Gibson .
The interview will be part sit - down , part walk - and - talk at various locations in Alaska .
So far , Palin has taken no questions from reporters traveling with her on the campaign trail .
An issue that could come up in the interview is the controversy that emerged this week over her per diem charges as governor .
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that Palin had billed the state a per diem for 312 days she spent at home , and requested reimbursement for plane rides and hotel rooms for her husband and children , including a $ 707 room when her daughter accompanied her on a trip to New York to attend a Newsweek forum .
The paper noted that officials said the claims were justified under existing state regulations .
The McCain campaign said that Palin had reduced yearly travel expenses by roughly 80 percent of the amount spent by predecessor Frank Murkowski .
Palin's spokeswoman Maria Comella said the governor 's top priority was " creating accountability and transparency in government to root out waste and corruption . "
" Gov. Palin is obviously expected to travel frequently around the state for community events and to meet with Alaskans .
This is part of her job , and it 's reasonable that her travel expenses , which were reduced dramatically from the previous administration , would be covered , " Comella said in a statement .
Palin is expected to rejoin McCain on the trail early next week .
CNN 's Sasha Johnson , Dana Bash and Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .
All About John McCain • Sarah Palin • Barack Obama • Joseph Biden
David Duchovny 's Other Woman Steps Forward
We knew it was only a matter of time before actorwould be exposed by " the other woman " .
David recently did a short stint in sex rehab and has apparently gotten chummy with tennis coach
A story in the Daily Mail has Edit saying ;
" We have a very , very close friendship .
He is in great shape .
He is a wonderful man .
He 's very intelligent , very kind and good man .
I do n't want to be the third person in the marriage but I know it can be seen that way .
David and I are very close friends and we play tennis together .
He 's an excellent player .
He likes physically strong , fit women . "
" I do n't want to say anything that might hurt David .
I am not going to deny it .
I do n't know what our relationship means to him . "
confessions
So the 28 year old , oh by the way he 's 48 - could have been explaining anyone in the above statement right ?
Now - here is where a confession seems to be slipping out .
She was asked about her personal involvement with David to which she replied : Duchovny and wifehave been separated for a while now .
We do n't know if Edit had anything to do with the demise of their marriage but now that the tennis coach is stepping forward and givinga statement , we may find out more shortly .
Would you like to see what the " I want my fifteen minutes of fame " woman looks like .
Check out Edit Pakay in our photo gallery below .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The number of layoff announcements involving at least 50 workers rose in September to the highest level since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks seven years ago , the government said Wednesday .
There were 2,269 mass layoff actions , up 497 from August , according to statistics released by the Labor Department .
That was the most mass layoffs since the 2,407 in September 2001 .
" At large firms , basically what I see is an across - the - board , shotgun approach , " said Paul Sarvadi , chairman and CEO of human resources outsourcing firm Administaff in Houston .
" If they anticipate revenues going down , then they see how much they need to cut to reach operating targets , and equate that cost to a number of people . "
Overall , the number of initial claims for unemployment benefits related to mass layoffs rose by 61,726 to 235,681 .
That was the highest level since September 2005 , after Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast , resulting in 297,544 claims .
The manufacturing industry pulled the most devastating numbers , accounting for 28 % of all mass layoffs and 36 % of unemployment insurance claims in September .
More specifically , 19,278 of the 46,391 claims in that industry came from the transportation equipment sector .
" Most manufacturers are pretty secure , " said Chris Kuehl , economic analyst for the Fabricators and Manufacturers Association .
" But there 's been a lot of action in the auto and aerospace sectors , such as the Boeing strikes and the low demand for cars due to the credit crunch . "
Kuehl believes that layoffs at auto and aerospace companies , a large segment of the manufacturing industry , do n't tell the whole story .
" After all , the medical manufacturing and energy segments are gangbusters , " he said .
But the overall situation is grim , and the worst may not be over , according to some experts .
Sue Murphy , manager for National Human Resources Association in Nashua , N.H. , believes that there will be an increase in layoffs as the practice of scrutinizing employee count continues .
She said companies will accelerate the trend of cutting hours , replacing jobs with technology and outsourcing labor during tough times like these , when their priorities are protecting costs and market share .
" The companies look at the nice - to - haves and the must - haves , and the employees that are not essential will be up for review , " Murphy said .
" A lot of quality people will be out of work . "
In 1995 Obama and Ayers really were both involved with the Chicago Annenberg Challenge — part of a national school reform effort financed by the publisher Walter Annenberg — along with various others , including the state 's Republican governor .
As it happens , Ayers ’s and Obama ’s relationship in this endeavor was no more than incidental .
But suppose it had been more than that ?
Suppose Obama , a state legislator interested in urban problems , and Ayers , an education professor , had collaborated intensively on some local education project .
What difference would it make ?
The very same Times article observes that Chicago Mayor Richard Daley has " long consulted Mr. Ayers on school issues " and quotes him as saying that Ayers has " done a lot of good in this city and nationally . "
Whether that 's a good thing or a bad thing should , surely , be determined by the quality of Ayers ' advice about education policy rather than his views on whether or not a domestic bombing campaign was a morally acceptable response to the United States ' wrongheaded prosecution of the Vietnam War .
( For the record : it was n't . )
If there were reason to believe that Obama harbored intentions of appointing Ayers to a national security post , or of using the powers of the presidency to orchestrate a bombing of the Pentagon , then there would be important questions to raise during a political campaign .
But the idea that merely knowing somebody who has radical opinions ought to constitute a devastating objection to someone 's political career is both wrongheaded and dangerous .
It ’s wrongheaded because merely pointing out an association is lazy : it does n’t do the harder work of establishing a connection between the relationship and Obama ’s ability to govern .
The McCain campaign has failed to do that .
And it ’s dangerous because guilt by association can apply to just about anyone , and heading down that slippery slope would have perverse consequences .
I have no idea what the vast majority of my friends think about the Weather Underground .
I hope they have sound views , but if I found out otherwise I 'd hate to have to stop hanging out with them .
And , indeed , it seems to me that it would be a bit perverse to do so — so perverse that I trust nobody has any intention of actually trying to apply a guilt - by - association doctrine in any rigorous way .
Ayers is an extreme figure .
But then again so is G. Gordon Liddy , the former White House " plumber " and Watergate burglar .
On behalf of the Nixon administration he masterminded a break - in at the office of Daniel Ellsberg 's psychiatrist and managed a 20 - year prison sentence only because his most far - fetched schemes ( including kidnapping anti-war protestors and bombing the Brookings Institution ) never came to fruition .
Liddy 's sentence was commuted by Jimmy Carter , and since that time he 's built a career as a radio host .
McCain has appeared on Liddy 's show and congratulated him for his " continued success and adherence to the principles and philosophies that keep our nation great . "
Are we supposed to hold McCain accountable for this association ?
DIGG THIS
On October 2 , 2008 , LewRockwell.com exposed the political truth behind the bailout : that its purpose is to transfer wealth to Citibank and JP Morgan from the US taxpayer as well as the Wachovia and Washington Mutual equity holders .
Although many additional state - empowering bells and whistles have been added to the bailout plan , at its core the bailout dictates that the US government will purchase somewhere north of $ 850 billion in subprime mortgages and otherwise unmarketable mortgage - backed securities from the financial institutions holding those securities .
In the week prior to the passage of the bailout , the federal government , through the FDIC and the Office of Thrift Services , forced the transfer of $ 307 billion in Washington Mutual assets ( including at least $ 34 billion in non-performing loans ) to JP Morgan for $ 1.9 billion .
The FDIC also “ facilitated ” the future transfer of more than $ 300 billion in assets ( including at least $ 42 billion in non-performing loans ) from Wachovia to Citibank .
There can be little question about how the FDIC “ facilitated ” these deals .
In these gun -to - their - head transactions , the FDIC brought the gun .
The FDIC , as the regulator of WaMu and Wachovia , has the worldly power to shutter these banks , liquidate their assets and sell those assets over to whomever it desires .
As it is neither a buyer nor a seller , it brings nothing more than regulatory leverage to such a transaction .
This fact is palpably demonstrated in JP Morgan WaMu takeover .
Developments just prior to and immediately after the bailout illuminate interesting political and potentially ominous market realities .
The political reality is that George W. Bush , unlike his father , is most likely a Morgan man .
Press reports indicate that W himself was involved in these transactions .
Comparing the transactions shows that Morgan received the federal 800 - pound gorilla 's unbridled support whereas federal coercion in the Citi-Wachovia transaction was , by comparison , restrained .
In “ facilitating ” the JP Morgan WaMu deal , the FDIC first wrestled WaMu to ground , executing a midnight foreclosure and repossession of all its assets .
The FDIC then sold WaMu's $ 302 billion in assets to Morgan for $ 1.9 billion and wiped out the WaMu equity holders , including a group that had invested $ 7 billion six months ago .
Monday JP Morgan further announced that had no intention of hiring or retaining WaMu management .
Wachovia was just the latest bone thrown to JP Morgan .
In another federally " facilitated " transaction , on March 17 , 2008 JP Morgan acquired global securities giant Bear Stearns for $ 236 million , or $ 2 a share .
After shareholders complained , JP Morgan increased its " offer " fivefold , to $ 10 per share .
In February of 2008 , Bear Stearns stock had a market value $ 93 per share .
Citi , by comparison , has not received the same level of government support .
In the Citi-Wachovia transaction , the FDIC did not actually seize Wachovia 's assets .
It only threatened to seize Wachovia 's assets , allowed Wachovia to survive as a legal entity and gave Wachovia until December 31 to close the deal with Citi .
If W is not a Morgan man , then he is not a good negotiator , because the delay has opened the door for Wachovia to negotiate a better deal .
On the morning of October 3 , in a “ surprise announcement ” Wachovia 's management and board of directors seized the little daylight left open in the Citi deal and negotiated a deal with Wells Fargo to receive an additional $ 13 billion for their shareholders in a transaction that , unlike the Citi transaction , would not expose the FDIC ( US taxpayer ) to any direct losses .
Wells Fargo 's offer , seven times larger than Citi's , was made the night before the bailout , at a time when the probability of bailout , according to Intrade trading , was 90 – 95 percent .
Wells ' offer provides a lesson in Austrian economics because it tacitly recognizes that Wells believed that the bailout would cause Wachovia 's subprime portfolio to become more valuable overnight .
It is a basic principle of Austrian economics that those that are first in line when fiat money is created benefit the most — the pigs that are first in line at the trough get the fattest .
Wells ' offer illustrates this .
Wells recognized that Congress was going to pass the bailout and that as a result Wachovia 's unmarketable portfolio of subprime mortgages would have a willing buyer — the US taxpayer with newly minted US dollars .
Wells ' $ 15 billion offer ( $ 13 billion more than Citi agreed to pay ) was the price it was willing to pay to take Citi 's place at the trough .
This development of course sent Citi into a rage .
Citi and Wells have both obtained court orders authorizing them to go forward with their transactions as they fight over the right to be first in line to receive taxpayer funds .
Most interesting , however , is the FDIC 's reaction .
Erasing all doubt as to the federal government 's impartiality and in a stunning rejection of a private company 's right to enter into a free - market voluntary exchange , FDIC chairman Sheila Bair indicated that the FDIC would continue to support the coerced transfer to Citi .
Ms. Bair , apparently a Citi woman , objected to the Wells deal , a deal that was negotiated in a free market exchange without the FDIC's “ facilitation . ”
Never mind the interests of the taxpayer ( Citi deal placed additional obligations on FDIC ) , never mind the interest of the Wachovia investors and stock owners , never mind the fiduciary obligations of the Wachovia managers and directors to obtain the best price for the company 's assets , Ms. Bair says Wachovia should stick to Citi deal that her agency helped coerce : “ the agency is standing behind the agreement it made with Citigroup Inc . ”
George Orwell 's fiction has become reality , the pigs are now in charge .
It should be noted here that , although Wachovia apparently had a contract with Citi , parties have the right to engage in activities that will result in an “ efficient breach . ”
That is , even if the Wachovia board executed an agreement to receive $ 2 billion for its assets , if Wells has agreed to pay $ 13 billion more for those assets Wachovia has the legal right to breach its contract with Citi and take Wells ' better offer .
Citi of course has a remedy in the form of a breach of contract claim against Wachovia ( and against Wells for tortious interference with its contract with Wachovia ) .
Citi has now brought such a lawsuit and alleged $ 60 billion in damages if it is aced out of the Wachovia deal .
$ 60 billion is the value Citi places on being first in line at the fiat money trough .
In the unlikely event that Citi 's case goes forward , it will be an interesting trial as Citi 's damage claim will provide a lesson in perverted fascist capitalism .
Citi's counsel 's opening statement :
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury , we will show you how the bailout gave us the right to profit $ 60 billion by selling a portfolio of unmarketable securities to you , the taxpayer , and further by buying Wachvoia 's $ 300 - plus billion in deposits and branches for a mere $ 2 billion in a deal that was facilitated by our friends , the FDIC .
Wells intentionally and maliciously interfered with our contract when it had the temerity to pay Wachovia 's shareholders $ 13 billion more than we agreed to pay and further did not allow the FDIC to facilitate their offer .
This is the sad political reality behind the Citi-Wells - Wachovia dispute .
The market reality following the bailout is potentially much more ominous .
Assuming that there has been no short - term market manipulation in JP Morgan stock , either from the President 's Working Group on Financial Markets , the so - called “ plunge protection team ” or others , then the price of JP Morgan stock may portend a precipitous drop in the future value of the dollar .
Hidden in the financial news last week was the fact that , coincident with its takeover of WaMu , JP Morgan announced the sale , on a first - come , first - served basis , of $ 10 billion in common stock at $ 40.50 per share .
The infusion of $ 10 billion in capital to the $ 165 billion JP Morgan of course should have some diluting effect and put some downward pressure on JP Morgan 's stock .
The new offering resulted in approximately 250 million new shares of JP Morgan stock , about seven percent of the total 3.4 billion shares outstanding .
One would expect to see a seven percent decline in the JP Morgan share price following the sale because of the dilution .
Yesterday , however , JP Morgan stock came to a crashing close of $ 39.32 .
This is an 18 percent drop from September 25 , the date of the WaMu takeover , and , more importantly , almost 3 percent lower than the $ 40.50 offering .
All of this is troubling because students of Austrian economics know that the primary beneficiaries of monetary and fiscal inflation are those who are first in line when the money is created .
As of October 2 , the result of the federally orchestrated takedowns was that JP Morgan was unquestionably first in line to receive perhaps the largest share of the $ 850 billion - plus in funds that will be created out of thin air ( Treasury will issue bonds which the Federal Reserve will buy with newly minted inflationary dollars ) once the bailout is enacted .
Applying this principle , JP Morgan stock should be skyrocketing up , not going down .
The principle , however , applies only where the fiat currency retains some marketable value .
If the fiat currency has no value , it does n't matter where you are in line .
JP Morgan 's share price over the last week may be just a snapshot in time as JP Morgan 's overall market capitalization is still up approximately five percent since the bailout was announced , but if JP Morgan 's rapidly declining share price continues it will show that the market believes that JP Morgan 's right to be first in line to receive as much as $ 850 billion in newly printed dollars is perhaps as worthless as the securities sold in exchange .
If this is true , it is the end of the dollar .
Wells Fargo should take note of this fact before pushing forward with its acquisition of Wachovia 's subprime portfolio — the market may be telling Citi and Morgan that their deals represent nothing more than an exchange of one pile of worthless paper for another pile of worthless paper .
October 8 , 2008
The Best of Bill Butler
We are Team Rubber
Established 2001 , Bristol , UK
Team Rubber was founded by Chris Quigley , Andy Parkhouse and Matt Golding , to grow multiple creative businesses as a group .
Since 2001 we ’ve surrounded ourselves with teams of great people who 've helped us develop our ideas and take them to the world .
Delib , the digital democracy company , creating platforms for citizens and government to make better decisions together .
, the digital democracy company , creating platforms for citizens and government to make better decisions together .
Rubber Republic , the award - winning independent film studio specialising in things people want to share .
, the award - winning independent film studio specialising in things people want to share .
Rubberductions , digital film pioneers , producing ( mostly comedy ) short films for internet , cinema and TV audiences , now part of Rubber Republic .
, digital film pioneers , producing ( mostly comedy ) short films for internet , cinema and TV audiences , now part of Rubber Republic .
VAN , the ad network for web publishers to earn revenue by sharing video ads , acquired by US - based Sharethrough in 2014 .
, the ad network for web publishers to earn revenue by sharing video ads , acquired by US - based Sharethrough in 2014 .
Spinon.co.uk , the original political satire website covering the 2001 UK general election , and where all this started .
In 2014 we de-grouped Team Rubber , and all the businesses are now either independent or have been consigned to history ( not everything survives eh ? ) .
Team Rubber continues as the manager of office facilities for Delib and Rubber Republic .
If you are a Team Rubber supplier , get in touch for any queries .
For all enquiries about either Delib or Rubber Republic , please contact the company directly .
Heartfelt thanks to everyone who helped us over the years .
Bob Chapman | October 29 , 2008
Down go consumer confidence and real estate values to all - time lows , but , nevertheless , up goes the Dow undaunted , claiming its second largest point gain ever as the counterintuitive insider trading beat goes on and on and on , ad nausea .
Insiders get wealthy , and the non-insiders chasing them get annihilated .
This has been the story on Wall Street for over a century .
Do you think it was merely some sort of serendipitous coincidence that the dark pool of liquidity , known as Project Turquoise , was set to be activated near the end of August , just in time for all the Illuminist insiders to enjoy the profitable fireworks as volatility reached all - time highs , so that all of their nefarious trading could be done in unregulated secrecy ?
We can assure you that there are no coincidences on Wall Street .
There is only rampant , rampaging insider trading and fiendish manipulation .
Any time they think they are in need of a good fleecing , all the poor sheople have to do is get back into the general stock markets where their Illuminist shearers will be more than happy to oblige them .
We absolutely guarantee that the pink of your sheople skin will be showing as all your wool is shaved off right down to the hair follicles .
You 've probably heard about " pink flamingos . "
Well , now we are going to see a lot of pink sheople wandering around aimlessly , wondering where all their vaporized money went , as they are prepared for the big slaughter while the Big Sting Two goes into its next phase .
You need to protect yourself with gold , silver and their now bargain - basement related shares , unless of course the color pink flatters you .
The Dow , powered by its PPT anti-gravity machine , and in the face of some of the worst economic news of all time , still somehow managed to tack on an unbelievable , mind - blowing and stupefying 889.35 points as the Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index dropped off a cliff from September 's 61.4 to October 's 38 , an all - time low ( the " experts " expected 52 ) , as the Standard & Poor 's / Case - Shiller 20 - city housing index dropped 16.6 percent in August from a year ago , the largest decline on record going back to 2000 , and as the smaller , 10 - city index , fell 17.7 percent , the biggest decline in its 21 - year history .
The last of the wild , PPT - manufactured 700
Dow rally points came in the last two hours of trading as the insiders took advantage of low volume , short - covering and a much weaker yen to give the Dow a blastoff to 9,065.12 .
Just what you would expect as consumer confidence and real estate prices drop into the toilet for a thorough " swirley . "
Wow , look at them fire up that Goldilocks Matrix as reality is scoffed at , and illusion becomes king , just as Dr. Stan Monteith likes to say as he starts each broadcast for Radio Liberty .
We can't help but envision Jim Nabor 's character , private Gomer Pyle , USMC , exclaiming " surprise , surprise , surprise ! " as sergeant Carter 's eye twitches because he has shorted the stock market indexes , while they both watch the Dow soar to over 9,000 points , in total contradiction of all logic and market fundamentals .
All we can say is : " Shazam ! ! ! " and " Gaaw - aawl-ly ! ! ! "
Of course , we are told by the fane - stream media that this was " bargain - hunting . "
And for the first time ever , they are correct .
The Illuminist insiders just got the bargains of a lifetime .
The non-insiders also got exactly what they bargained for by staying in the general stock markets , by trying to follow market fundamentals and by trying to chase after the insiders , meaning that they got the fleecing of a lifetime which they should have known was coming just as sure as God made little green apples .
In any case , based on the foregoing , we can now tweak the Wall Street formula for profitability as follows : Profitability = Low Volume + High Volatility + Dark Pools of Liquidity + Plunge Protection Team .
The mass exit from the stock markets has reduced trading volume .
This makes manipulation much easier and much less expensive as the Illuminati line their pockets with more salary and bonus money , which they will no doubt continue to extract , rape and steal from the insider trading profits of their financial institutions which they have burned to the ground , as Paulson and Bernanke work their monetary voodoo to reanimate these walking dead fraudster banks .
In looking over the financial landscape that has emerged since the private Fed was foisted upon the hapless sheople in 1913 , we can see the culling process that has emerged .
Remember , Rockefeller and Morgan , the heads of the American branch of the Illuminati , hated one thing more than any other , and that thing was competition .
During the Panic of 1907 , which was orchestrated by Rockefeller and Morgan so they could force the Federal Reserve System and Income Tax down the throats of the sucker - dupe sheople , many smaller banks were sent down the tubes .
Then came the 1929 Stock Market Crash , orchestrated by the newly formed , and very private , partly foreign - owned and totally non-governmental Fed , and that started a second culling process , mostly of small to mid-size banks , which took out about one third of the banks that were then blossoming in the US based on the wealth accumulations of the Roaring Twenties .
This culling occurred throughout the period during the 1930s , which we now refer to as the Great Depression .
The big Illuminist concerns of course survived , based on their inside information , as did many of the leading Illuminists of the time .
Banks were then left alone for several decades to help finance World War II and the post - War boom , which was used to consolidate Illuminist wealth and power through their military - industrial complex .
Then it was time for a third culling , as deregulation and the sanity of past banking standards were discarded to create the S&L Crisis .
Many more small to mid-size banks were vaporized by the excesses created through this deregulation and by the inflation which the Fed malevolently caused to hurt banks by reducing the value of their mortgages and forcing them to compete for higher rates by making crazy loans to third world countries and to other unworthy borrowers , particularly those taking out mortgages .
These banks borrowed short and lent long , a sure formula for disaster , and the end result was that some 2,400 small to mid-size banks failed .
Note how all these past orchestrated banking disasters affected mostly the bottom rungs of the banking industry , a flagrant and direct elimination of competition to line the pockets of big banking by taking down the smaller fry .
But now , in the current crises , which is , more than anything , a credit / capital - crunch powered by an asset crisis engendered by derivative fraud that was made possible by a real estate bubble and a totally opaque , unregulated OTC market , with the subprime problem being little more than a fuse leading to the main charge in the credit default swap and interest rate swap powder kegs , we see a process of culling and consolidation at the upper echelons of the banking industry .
This is by design , although the Illuminati have bungled this one and caused far greater damage than they intended , relying on rocket scientists who do not understand how markets work to design their Ponzi - scheme .
The idea here is to first create a handful of mega - banks that are too big to fail so they can milk the banking system a little longer and to make sure that the bailout money keeps coming from the sucker - dupe sheople taxpayers to keep saving and bailing the latest incarnations of the too - big - to - fail fraudster banks .
In the end , all these large banks will come crashing down like a ton of bricks because they are irretrievably insolvent , and then they , along with the privately owned Fed , will be nationalized and merged into one super - entity , which will be given all regulatory power over the financial industry .
They will no longer have to kill off the small fry by creating catastrophes .
They will simply regulate them out of existence until their banking and financial interests have achieved god - like , dictatorial power .
They will allow those who want to play the game by their rules to eke out an existence , while all others get vaporized .
Once they control all financial matters with an iron fist , the Constitution will become irrelevant because the people will no longer have any power to exercise except by revolution , and we can assure you that a revolution is going to come , and soon .
The arrogant Illuminists are in for a big surprise as they continue with their evil plans to enslave and dominate the sheople in an Orwellian police state of feudality .
The current dichotomy between paper and physical precious metals markets is being caused by an intentional bottleneck at the wholesale level .
Wholesale gold and silver is being hoarded to fund precious metal suppression schemes , such as sales and leasing , and to maintain dominance of the commercials in the paper markets by preventing a failure to deliver .
In essence , this bottleneck between the wholesale and retail levels of the market in precious metals amounts to a de facto confiscation of gold and silver from the masses .
Remember , back during the Great Depression , most people owned gold and silver which was then the main medium of exchange .
So FDR had to take it from them , which he did in 1933 , to make sure they had no store of value against the upcoming inflationary spiral of money creation and increased national debt that would result from make - work projects , from social entitlements and from World War II , all of which were already in the planning during the Great Depression , and most likely before the Great Depression even got started .
This was done so that they could continue their fleecing of the middle class , who they would eventually allow to have some crumbs of prosperity in order to provide US taxpayers with the incentive to create the new industrial powerhouse that America was becoming , a powerhouse that would fuel and finance their future ambition to make the US into a corporatist , fascist police state .
Of course , needless to say , all that new prosperity would get taxed , thus increasing their power through the federal government , which they would totally control .
As an aside , FDR then increased the value of gold from $ 20 an ounce to $ 35 an ounce , giving Illuminists insiders , who had hidden their gold in Europe after being tipped off about the coming US confiscations , a whopping profit .
In any case , most people in the US no longer own gold and silver .
They are slaves to the orgy of money and credit that the Fed has provided , and they now worship paper over metal .
This means that no confiscation is necessary to prevent the American sheople from having a place to store the value of their savings .
All you have to do today is to keep US citizens from acquiring precious metals , first , by making it look too volatile to be a good investment , and second , by making it hard to acquire , especially in larger amounts .
That way , you can enslave and impoverish them by diluting the value of the dollar by doling out trillions in bailout money that will be used solely to enrich the elitists and the financial institutions which they have intentionally and malevolently trashed .
Without gold and silver , the poor , ignorant sheople are totally defenseless and utterly helpless against the hyperinflationary juggernaut that will be created in the aftermath of these bailouts .
We are now hearing rumors about a potential failure to deliver on the COMEX due to what may be a large demand for physical delivery of gold and silver on the December contract .
Where were all you dopey specs sleeping when we cried out for this to be done over a year ago .
As usual , no one listened , and now all the hedgies who are not part of the Illuminist cadre who are cleaning up on insider trading transactions are now bankrupt or are being redeemed into oblivion .
Such a tragedy , which is made all the worse by the fact that it was totally unnecessary and completely avoidable .
Look at the silver market .
Ten billion dollars can now buy the entire above - ground world supply of silver .
That is just a 10 % diversification for some of the larger hedge funds .
What the freak were you people thinking ?!
As long as the stock markets rally , the dollar will suffer , and the upcoming cut by the Fed will do the dollar no favors .
Once money leaves treasuries , and is used to buy other currencies for foreign investments in stocks , bonds and derivatives , the dollar strength will be reversed .
We also wonder how long it will be before the big oil producers , who are also big precious metals buyers , will punish the cartel for trashing oil by driving the price of precious metals up in mega - thrusts , as was done not too long ago over the past couple of years .
Note how trashing oil and threatening to drive the dollar back down is keeping the Saudis and other OPEC nations in line .
They can break Iran and Venezuela with military intervention quite easily by trashing the price of oil as they scare away any wildcatters who were getting delusions of grandeur in the interim when oil prices were high .
This also discourages the innovation of greener energy alternatives , and supports the dollar with the euro effect .
Never underestimate how clever these reprobates and sociopaths can be .
It is an intelligence and ingenuity born out of the lust for greed and power , which are the real mothers of invention .
After this period of hoarding and sterilization is completed , the floodgates will eventually be opened at the time of their choosing to complete the final orgy of credit and speculation that will be used to complete the Big Sting Two .
After that occurs , 6 to 12 months later , we will all be Weimarized , and gold and silver will go inter- dimensional because the elitist will have then become the world 's biggest gold bugs as the final rush to pile Big Sting Two dollar proceeds into real , tangible assets commences and as the dollar and euro are given their final send - offs to fiat money hell in favor of some regional baskets of currency .
Meanwhile , the market gyrations that are fueling insider trading profits will continue unabated .
This plan fails if everyone bolts for the exits before the final stages of the plan can be implemented , something which is highly likely to occur , especially if we get another untoward event like the Meredith Whitney revelation about Citigroup assets .
We ’re waiting for Cokie ’s apology .
And interestingly enough , I heard Biden say “ Bosniak , ” and I remember thinking “ that ’s weird . ”
But I ’m smart enough to know that something like that is so odd coming from the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee , that I ’d better look it up and make sure that he ’s not right , BEFORE I comment on it publicly .
Why did n’t Cokie ?
More from Media Matters :
During coverage of the October 2 vice - presidential debate on PBS ’ Charlie Rose , Rose asked , “ Did either of them make any mistakes that you noticed ? ” National Public Radio senior news analyst Cokie Roberts responded that Sen. Joe Biden “ talked about the Bosniaks . ”
Roberts later said : “ [ I ] f [ Gov. Sarah Palin ] had said ‘ Bosniak , ’ everybody would be making a big deal of it , you know . ”
In fact , Biden correctly referred to certain residents of Bosnia and Herzegovina as Bosniaks .
According to the U.S. State Department , as of 2002 , the population of Bosnia and Herzegovina consisted of the following ethnic groups : “ Bosniak 48.3 % , Serb 34.0 % , Croat 15.4 % , others 2.3 % . ”
Forget the 3,280 feet - high 200 - floor Nakheel Tower because it 's no longer going to be the highest skyscraper in the world .
The new upcoming beast is this amazing 1.55 - mile - high skyscraper planned for the Jumeirah City project in Dubai .
The building is so tall that its main elevator is in fact a vertical 125 mph bullet train .
This city - in - a - skyscraper will consume 37,000MWH / year , with a 15 MW peak usage , but as the plans show , it has been designed to generate most of it using wind , thermal , and solar power :
Advertisement
Advertisement
If completed , the Dubai City Tower , would definitely be absolutely breathtaking .
I wonder how many slaves would have to die to complete this one .
[ Luxury Property via Dark Roasted Blend ]
Plexiglas Could Soon Be Made From Fatty Acids
In the future , polymethyl methacrylate ( PMMA ) could be made from natural raw materials such as sugars , alcohols or fatty acids .
PMMA is a synthetic plastic developed in 1928 and today produced in great quantities .
While PMMA is often known colloquially as acrylic glass , as it is mainly used as a shatterproof , lightweight alternative to glass - for example , in protective goggles or vehicle lights .
PMMA has many applications , including prosthetics , paints and adhesives .
It is also sold under the brand names " Plexiglas ® " ( Evonik ) and " Altuglas " ( Arkema ) .
The plastic is fragile , but very UV - resistant and thus weatherproof .
Its high translucency and low weight mean that acrylic glass has to some extent replaced traditional glass .
It was used for the roof of the Olympic stadium in Munich as far back as 1970 .
Experts predict that the demand for acrylic glass will grow even more in future - for example , for photovoltaic units .
PMMA is manufactured by polymerising methyl methacrylate ( MMA ) .
In a bacterial strain , scientists at the University of Duisburg - Essen and the Helmholtz Centre for Environmental Research ( UFZ ) have found an enzyme which could be used for the biotechnological production of a precursor of MMA .
Compared with the previous chemical production process , a biotechnological process is far more environmentally friendly .
Dr Thore Rohwerder has been nominated as one of three candidates for the European Evonik research award for his discovery .
The competition is overseen by Dr Arend Oetker , president of the Stifterverband für die Deutsche Wissenschaft ( Association of Donors to German Science ) .
The aim of the award is to encourage young researchers to risk taking the step from the laboratory into business .
The topic of the 2008 Evonik research award is " White Biotechnology " ( industrial biotechnology ) .
The Science - to - Business Award worth EUR 100,000 was given to Dr. Paul Dalby from the University College London on November 12th in Berlin .
Dalby 's method for combining enzymes and customizing them for new tasks convinced the international jury .
The newly enzyme discovered by Dr. Thore Rohwerder und Dr. Roland H. Müller , called 2 - hydroxyisobutyryl - CoA mutase , makes it possible to turn a linear C4 carbon structure into a branched one .
Compounds of this type are precursors of MMA .
Parent compounds may of course include intermediate products from the petrochemical industry .
The revolutionary aspect , however , is that this enzyme , integrated into metabolically appropriate microorganisms , can also transform sugars and other natural compounds into the products desired .
Until now , the only way to produce this precursor - 2 - hydroxyisobutyrate ( 2 - HIBA ) - was a purely chemical process based on petrochemical raw materials .
The chemicals industry worldwide is searching for suitable biological processes , so that in future , renewable raw materials can also be used as a basis for MMA synthesis .
The mutase presented here provides the solution : an enzyme which shifts a functional group from one position to another within a molecule .
While in a post - doc position at the UFZ's Department of Environmental Microbiology , Dr Thore Rohwerder and his mentor Dr Roland H. Müller discovered the enzyme in a newly isolated bacterial strain they found while searching for bacteria to break down the pollutant MTBE ( methyl tertiary butyl ether ) .
The reason attributed by the awards judges to the industrial importance of the discovery was that altogether , in the medium to long term , up to ten percent of today 's demand for MMA could feasibly be produced by biotechnological means .
The world market is over 3 million tonnes / 4 billion euro .
It will take about four years to establish the bacterial system in a functioning technological process ( pilot plant ) .
In about ten years , a technological process is then conceivable , with an annual turnover of 150 to 400 million euro .
Islam Amr Badr died in hospital after being injured ( Photo : Al Masry Alyoum )
An Egyptian teacher at a primary school in Alexandria is alleged to have beaten an 11 - year - old pupil to death .
The maths teacher , Haitham Nabeel Abdelhamid , who worked at Saad Othman school , was furious because Islam Amr Badr had not finished his homework .
After using a ruler to punish him , the teacher is alleged to have taken the young boy outside the classroom and hit him violently in his stomach .
The young pupil fainted and later died in hospital of heart failure .
He was taken from the school to hospital but suffered a sharp drop in blood pressure and heart failure .
The teacher is reported by Egyptian newspaper Al Masry Alyoum to have told the prosecutor that he was only trying to " discipline the boy , not to kill him " .
Mr Abdelhamid was remanded in custody on manslaughter charges .
** Dedicated to Presenting the American Voters with ALL the Unvarnished Facts **
The free planners for December are available on the Free Planners page .
It ’s time to pick up December ’s Planners .
I ’m changing things up a bit in the hope that these updates become more useful for new and old readers alike .
A few quick notes I ’d like to point out :
I ’ve included a User ’s Guide for the Productivity Planners .
I understand that those planners are fairly intimidating at first and wanted to give some pointers to help make the transition .
The Guide is just text right now and is pretty ugly , but rather than obsess over making it pretty and new , I wanted to throw it out there and see if people liked it .
I ’d appreciate any feedback regarding the usefulness of the guide .
.
I understand that those planners are fairly intimidating at first and wanted to give some pointers to help make the transition .
The Guide is just text right now and is pretty ugly , but rather than obsess over making it pretty and new , I wanted to throw it out there and see if people liked it .
I ’d appreciate any feedback regarding the usefulness of the guide .
The half - page version of “ The Productivity Jumpstarter ” is included in this month ’s updates .
Again , use it freely , but feedback is very much appreciated on this version .
.
Again , use it freely , but feedback is very much appreciated on this version .
I ’ve had several people ask me about the Freelancer planners .
They ’re up next unless another design hits me and I absolutely must get it out .
Thanks for the pokes and nudges and please do keep them coming .
December is a great month for dreams , but the holiday mindset makes it a hard month to start and complete big projects .
Take the month to dream big and finish some of the smaller projects – and while you ’re with family , friends , and loved ones , think about the projects and the domains of your life that support who you want to be .
Let ’s come out swinging in January !!
Click here to download your December planners .
Wiktionary has grown beyond a standard dictionary and now includes a thesaurus , a rhyme guide , phrase books , language statistics and extensive appendices .
We aim to include not only the definition of a word , but also enough information to really understand it .
Thus etymologies , pronunciations , sample quotations , synonyms , antonyms and translations are included .
Every day , you deal with annoying and invasive junk mail that clogs your mailbox and recycling bin , unwanted phone calls that drive you crazy , and SPAM emails that clutter your inbox and often seek to steal your identity .
It 's maddening and frustrating , and we 've had enough .
The Privacy Council was founded by marketers who are committed to protecting consumer privacy and who refuse to use invasive and wasteful marketing techniques .
We put our dedication to work by offering a low - cost List Removal Service that takes consumers like you off of many junk mail and telemarketer call lists .
Every year , 100 million trees are cut down just to make the junk mail we get each day .
Americans spend 70 hours of our time each year dealing with junk mail - That 's almost 3 full days !
Each year , identity thieves steal information from millions of Americans , often by using phishing emails or even sifting through trash for credit card offers and other sensitive information .
Privacy Council 's List Removal Service is how we fight back against these issues .
Sign up below and see what a difference it can make to your junk mail pile , the environment and your peace of mind !
About The Author Cameron Chapman is a professional Web and graphic designer with over 6 years of experience .
She writes for a number of blogs and is the author of The Smashing … More about Cameron Chapman …
Image Caption Design : Techniques and Trends
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Image captions are an often - overlooked element of Web design .
They ’re often thought of more in terms of function than form .
As long as they include the proper photo credits or identifying information about the image subject , not much more thought is given to them .
Image captions are an often - overlooked element of Web design .
They ’re often thought of more in terms of function than form .
As long as they include the proper photo credits or identifying information about the image subject , not much more thought is given to them .
But image captions are a great place to add a bit more style to your website or to give some unique insight into the subject of the image .
Whether the captions are for photos on a news website or design samples in a portfolio , they present an opportunity for reinforcing the overall look of the website .
When done properly , they can even add more visual interest and become a distinguishing trademark of a particular brand or website .
There are two basic kinds of photo captions .
There is the simple , minimalist , down - to - business style .
These usually have a simple sans - serif font in white , black or shades of gray .
They are usually positioned either to the side or below an image , though sometimes they overlay or are above it .
This type is commonly found on news websites but is also seen in portfolios and other websites .
The other major style is more graphic .
This often include effects , such as the caption only appearing on a mouse - over or a “ Details ” button displayed that leads to the full caption .
While fonts are still generally sans - serif , much more color is used , and the captions are often overlaid on the actual image .
These types of image captions are generally seen on portfolio websites of designers and ad agencies .
Of course , there are websites that use a crossover - type image caption , displaying elements of both styles .
Image Captions : Popular Styling Techniques
Designers use a variety of different approaches to style image captions .
In most cases designers experiment with colors , using lighter colors on darker backgrounds .
Italics are used very often , while the font size of image captions is usually smaller than the body copy .
Let ’s take a look at the overview of various techniques we have identified during our research .
caption text at the bottom , in italics
caption text at the bottom , with light background color
caption text at the bottom on a semi- transparent background
caption text at the bottom on a dark background
caption text with focus on typography
caption text as an overlay
image surrounded by a background
icons in use
image enumeration in use
captions are right - aligned
captions are right - aligned at the top
captions are centered
1. Simple and Minimalist Image Captions from 2008
Simple caption designs are the most common image caption designs .
They can make a website appear more elegant , but if not integrated carefully into the overall design style of the website , they can end up just plain boring .
Here are some that are n’t :
Viget.com
A List Apart
The New Yorker
AIGA.org
37Signals
Jason Santa Maria
Wired.com
Inspirationbit.com
Astheria.com
Garrett Dimon
Design Observer
Reactive Web Design and Development Design portfolio .
This is about as minimalist as it gets : gray sans - serif type on a white background .
Phony Lawn Graphic design portfolio .
Another website that includes a lot of information about the images but uses a light - gray and white - on - dark - gray color scheme .
Pixelight Creative Web design portfolio .
The photo captions on this website are light - on - dark and set off to the side of the image .
Les Artistes
Art gallery website .
Another minimal caption style , but this time made more interesting with a mouse - over effect .
Bainbridge Studios Design portfolio .
Simple white and light - gray on black captions set to the side of each image .
This website includes a serif font in the captions .
Studio7 Designs
Web design portfolio .
Another very simple dark - gray - on - light - gray style , with the image and caption both set against a light - gray box .
New York Times
News website .
This is probably one of the simplest caption styles out there , with the photo credit in small gray text and a description of the image in slightly larger same - color type .
Politico News website .
Gray background with black type .
It does n’t get much more minimal than this .
Thomas Cheng Photography portfolio .
Another set of captions that makes good use of typography and a gray - on - white color palette .
2. Bold and Graphic Image Captions
Graphic image captions make use of brighter colors and bolder shapes to make the image captions stand out .
They incorporate the image captions fully in the overall design of the website .
Hot pinks , lime green and electric blue seem to be the most popular colors to use .
Vibrant captions
JeffCroft.com
Typesites
Segd.nl
Designslices Design portfolio .
Lime green and hot pink can be a tough combination to pull off , but it ’s done beautifully here .
The black overlays , both transparent and opaque , add to the graphic appeal .
Graphic Image Captions in Use
SuperflousBanter.org
ILoveTypography
Deep
Ad agency portfolio .
The hot - pink header and drop - down details box give this website a very hip feel , while providing all of the pertinent details .
Power to the Poster Poster design showcase .
The transparent color effects of these captions set them apart , and the mix of serif and sans - serif fonts adds interest .
Design Snack Web design showcase .
The rounded corners and monochromatic color palette give a fitting Web 2.0 look to this Web design gallery .
Freshivore Web design portfolio .
The oversized hot - pink titles and the light - gray meta information on the graphic , paper - like background combine to create a very appealing visual style .
Mayor + Beusch Architecture portfolio .
The mouse - over captions are very bold in lime green , hot pink and electric blue .
3. Hybrid Image Captions
These image caption designs combine elements from both simple and graphic designs .
They ’re a bit bolder than the minimalist designs , often using different colors or more graphic shapes , but more subdued than the bolder , graphic image captions above .
Hybrid Image Captions in Use
Frederica Cau Design portfolio .
The captions on these images provide tons of information , and the electric - blue headers tie in with the border of the image .
Klinkov
Art portfolio .
The captions for these images are set to the side and include nice blue - green and gray colors .
PixelFuze Design portfolio .
Another website that makes use of lime green in the image captions , this time combined with electric blue and light gray .
BestWebGallery Web design showcase .
The grayish - green type and tiny icon set these captions apart .
Jay Hafling Web design portfolio .
The oversized type and overlaid black caption space give these a graphic appeal while actually being quite simple .
SOObox Design gallery , I think ( I do n’t read whatever language this is in ) .
The semi- transparent black overlays with white text are graphic while still being minimalistic .
The rounded - corner overlays in the upper - left corner add a bit more visual appeal .
Letter Art Gallery
Art gallery website .
The simple , all - caps , electric - blue captions are simple while still providing some “ pop . ”
Aten Design Group Design portfolio .
The slightly muted electric - blue headers provide some extra visual pop , while the remaining light gray text keeps the caption design from being overwhelming .
ten24 SEO SEO site .
Another relatively simple light - gray - on - dark - gray caption design , but with some nice mint - green type .
Albert Lo Design portfolio .
Simple serif type over a light background , but with a pale - blue header color .
ILoveTypography
Deep
Ad agency portfolio .
The hot - pink header and drop - down details box give this website a very hip feel , while providing all of the pertinent details .
Power to the Poster Poster design showcase .
The transparent color effects of these captions set them apart , and the mix of serif and sans - serif fonts adds interest .
Design Snack Web design showcase .
The rounded corners and monochromatic color palette give a fitting Web 2.0 look to this Web design gallery .
Freshivore Web design portfolio .
The oversized hot - pink titles and the light - gray meta information on the graphic , paper - like background combine to create a very appealing visual style .
Mayor + Beusch Architecture portfolio .
The mouse - over captions are very bold in lime green , hot pink and electric blue .
3. Hybrid Image Captions
These image caption designs combine elements from both simple and graphic designs .
They ’re a bit bolder than the minimalist designs , often using different colors or more graphic shapes , but more subdued than the bolder , graphic image captions above .
Hybrid Image Captions in Use
Frederica Cau Design portfolio .
The captions on these images provide tons of information , and the electric - blue headers tie in with the border of the image .
Klinkov
Art portfolio .
The captions for these images are set to the side and include nice blue - green and gray colors .
PixelFuze Design portfolio .
Another website that makes use of lime green in the image captions , this time combined with electric blue and light gray .
BestWebGallery Web design showcase .
The grayish - green type and tiny icon set these captions apart .
Jay Hafling Web design portfolio .
The oversized type and overlaid black caption space give these a graphic appeal while actually being quite simple .
SOObox Design gallery , I think ( I do n’t read whatever language this is in ) .
The semi- transparent black overlays with white text are graphic while still being minimalistic .
The rounded - corner overlays in the upper - left corner add a bit more visual appeal .
Letter Art Gallery
Art gallery website .
The simple , all - caps , electric - blue captions are simple while still providing some “ pop . ”
Aten Design Group Design portfolio .
The slightly muted electric - blue headers provide some extra visual pop , while the remaining light gray text keeps the caption design from being overwhelming .
ten24 SEO SEO site .
Another relatively simple light - gray - on - dark - gray caption design , but with some nice mint - green type .
Albert Lo Design portfolio .
Simple serif type over a light background , but with a pale - blue header color .
MSNBC
News website .
Very simple , with dark gray and blue type , set off to the side .
People News website .
A caption with a bright - blue background , with white and light - gray type in a serif font .
CLD Web Gallery Web design showcase .
Very simple captions that show the title of the website and its rating in gray and light - blue on a darker , steel - gray background .
Junghoon Park Design portfolio .
Hot - pink and black sans - serif type on a plain white background .
Addicott Web Dark - gray and light - blue sans - serif type on a light - gray background , with the caption widely spaced and underneath the image .
