PARIS ( Reuters ) - The Church of Scientology was convicted of fraud by a French court Tuesday but escaped being banned due to a temporary change in the law .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The French branch of the U.S. - based organization was fined 600,000 euros ( $ 902,200 ) .
Four of its leaders received suspended prison sentences of up to two years and were fined between 5,000 and 30,000 euros .
“ This is an important and historic decision because it is the first time that Scientology has been found guilty of involvement in organized fraud , ” Olivier Morice , one of the lawyers for the civil parties to the case , told reporters .
The case was brought by two former members who said they were cajoled into spending 21,000 euros and 49,500 euros on personality tests , vitamin cures , sauna sessions and “ purification packs . ”
But prosecutors were thwarted in their attempt to get the group banned due to a change in the law which , for a few months while the case was under way , made it impossible to dissolve a legal entity on the grounds of fraud .
The law was changed back earlier this month , but that decision has no impact on the Scientology trial as the law cannot be applied retroactively .
“ It is very regrettable that the law quietly changed before the trial , ” Georges Fenech , head of the Inter - ministerial Unit to Monitor and Fight Cults , told France 24 television .
“ The system has now been put in place by parliament and it is certain that in the future , if new offences are committed , a ban could eventually be pronounced , ” he said .
The Church of Scientology , whose celebrity members include Tom Cruise and John Travolta , says it has 45,000 members in France .
It welcomed the news it could continue to operate there .
“ There is no ban , the Church of Scientology can continue to exist , that ’s the first lesson from the ruling , ” said Patrick Maisonneuve , a lawyer representing the group .
“ There ’s no escaping the reality that there is a large community of Scientologists happy to practice their religion , ” he said .
The group has said it will appeal the verdict .
Scientology has faced numerous setbacks in France , with members convicted of fraud in Lyon in 1997 and Marseille in 1999 .
In 2002 , a court fined it for violating privacy laws and said it could be dissolved if involved in similar cases .
Scientology says it has gone to court in many countries to uphold the right to freedom of religion .
It 's Halloween season , and the scariest demons in the world of business are insider traders , lurking behind every stockbroker 's desk and four - star restaurant banquette .
They whisper dark corporate secrets into the ears of venal speculators , and inflict pain and agony upon ordinary investors .
Time to stop telling horror stories .
Federal agents are wasting their time slapping handcuffs on hedge fund traders like Raj Rajaratnam , the financier charged last week with trading on nonpublic information involving IBM , Google and other ...
The Palestinians and the perspective of Permanent Revolution
26 November 2009
Repeated attempts by Mahmoud Abbas and the Fatah leadership to restore their flagging authority amongst the Palestinian masses have only underscored the abject failure of Fatah ’s perspective of securing a Palestinian state through an agreement with Israel and its sponsor , the United States .
Abbas , whose presidential term has already expired , has announced that he would not stand in the elections scheduled for January 24 , while his spokesmen threatened the collapse of the Palestinian Authority .
He did so after being humiliated by US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who publicly ditched calls for a settlement freeze that are part of the so - called Road Map for peace in the Middle East .
Clinton also praised Israel for making “ unprecedented ” concessions in offering to limit their construction .
Abbas declared that there would be no further negotiations without a settlement freeze , with officials making clear they also wanted the US to announce that East Jerusalem will be the capital of a future Palestinian state .
This met with a stony response from the Obama administration , particularly as Washington calculated that elections were unlikely given that Hamas , which controls the Gaza Strip , opposes them .
It has since been confirmed that Abbas intends to cancel the elections altogether .
Fatah ’s next move was to announce it was seeking support from the Arab regimes for a unilateral declaration of independence and would then demand recognition by the United Nations Security Council .
No such support was forthcoming from the various Arab despots .
The US immediately ruled out recognition , as did the European Union .
Finally , Abbas told the BBC that he supported the call by senior Fatah members for a “ third intifada . ”
But he made clear that this means only an escalation of protests against settlement construction and that Fatah will not endorse an armed struggle against Israel .
Abbas stated frankly , “ There is the military option , which is not realistic , and when I talk about a military solution I mean the Arab countries starting a war against Israel , and there is no Arab country ready for such a scenario .
There is the armed struggle , and I am against that because it will only bring destruction and devastation to the Palestinian people , which the last war in Gaza proved . ”
The Palestinian masses , under Fatah ’s leadership , have been led into a dead end with truly tragic consequences .
It is 61 years after the Naqba , when three quarters of a million Palestinians were expelled from their homes by Israeli forces and turned into exiles .
It is 55 years since the movement that became Fatah began decades of struggle for a democratic and secular state of Palestine .
It is 16 years since this perspective was abandoned in favour of a “ two - states ” solution , when the 1993 Oslo Accords were signed by Arafat and Abbas — establishing the PA supposedly as part of a five - year interim period leading to an independent Palestinian state alongside Israel .
Yet today , the Palestinians are confined to two separate militarised ghettos surrounded by Israel and subject to repeated bloody invasions , policed by rival security services and lorded over by a corrupt bourgeois layer that has grown fabulously wealthy while the workers and peasants are denied jobs , medical treatment , decent food and even access to clean water by Tel Aviv .
The “ peace process , ” meanwhile , has been nothing but a screen behind which Israel has consolidated its control of East Jerusalem and much of the West Bank ’s best land , vastly expanding settlements and , in the process , dividing the PA ’s territories into numerous fragments by a system of roads , military checkpoints and the infamous “ Security Wall . ”
This outcome represents not merely the failure of Abbas , even though he personally embodies the attempt to secure a state through an alliance with Washington that began under Oslo .
There is no faction within Fatah that offers an alternative to this failed perspective .
Hamas merely projects a more radical form of protest , under the guidance of its sponsors in Saudi Arabia and Iran , tied to a regressive advocacy of a religious state .
Leon Trotsky , in his theory of permanent revolution , established that in the imperialist epoch , in countries with a belated capitalist development , the bourgeoisie is incapable of achieving genuine economic and political independence from imperialism .
This prognosis has been amply confirmed .
Throughout the Middle East and internationally , the living standards of the workers and peasants have been eroded while corrupt bourgeois cliques act as guardians of the existing economic and social order .
The Arab regimes , even when they control vast oil riches , function within a world economy that is dominated by transnational banks and corporations .
Their wealth is dependent upon the economic exploitation of the working class .
And it is their fear of a challenge to their rule emerging within the working class that is the main factor in ensuring their loyalty to the imperialist world order .
For this reason , the Arab states have again and again played a despicable role in betraying the Palestinian masses .
Today , they act as direct accomplices in Israel ’s suppression of the Palestinians , as in the case of Egypt , or mouth platitudes while this historic crime continues .
Nothing would be changed by the addition of a Palestinian mini-state dominated by the Palestinian bourgeoisie .
There can be no successful struggle by the Palestinians for their emancipation from Israeli oppression that does not take as its point of departure the forging of an independent movement of the working class in opposition to all factions of the Arab bourgeoisie throughout the Middle East .
Central to such a struggle must be a concerted effort to reach out to the Jewish working class .
The Arab masses must consciously repudiate the reactionary identification of the entire Jewish people with responsibility for the crimes perpetrated by the Israeli state .
The foundation of Israel was advanced by the Zionist movement as an answer to the terrible genocide suffered by European Jewry .
Fascism , the crimes of Stalinism and finally the horrors of the Holocaust were utilised to legitimise the creation of Israel through the brutal suppression and forcible expulsion of the existing inhabitants of the region .
Zionism has , ever since , acted as the major obstacle to the political development of the Jewish working class .
But its domination can be overcome .
Israel is wracked by deep - going social and economic contradictions that are rooted in the vast and growing levels of inequality , unemployment and poverty .
This is objectively driving the working class into conflict with the ruling elite and its military apparatus .
To preserve its existence , the Israeli bourgeoisie must not only resort to ever more grotesque repression of the Palestinians , but must also mount ever more savage attacks on social conditions and democratic rights at home .
A powerful political alliance can be formed , on the basis of the common interests of Arab and Jewish workers in opposition not only to the Israeli state , but to all of the region ’s bourgeois powers .
The fate of the Palestinian masses is inexorably bound with that of the working people of the entire region .
It can not be solved within the existing framework of capitalist nation states through which imperialism exerts its control .
It requires the unification of the working class , Arab and Jewish alike , bringing behind it the rural poor , for the creation of a socialist federation of the Middle East .
Only this can create the basis for the rational development of the region ’s vital resources for the benefit of all its peoples and those of the entire world .
Chris Marsden
Chris Marsden
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Mastodons and other megafauna left traces of dung in ancient lake beds
Mammoth dung has proved to be a source of prehistoric information , helping scientists unravel the mystery of what caused the great mammals to die out .
An examination of a fungus that is found in the ancient dung and preserved in lake sediments has helped build a picture of what happened to the beasts .
The study sheds light on the ecological consequences of the extinction and the role that humans may have played in it .
Researchers describe this development in the journal Science .
The study was led by Jacquelyn Gill from the University of Wisconsin , Madison , in the US .
She and her colleagues studied the Sporormiella fungal spores contained in the sediment deep within the bed of Appleman Lake in Indiana .
Many very large mammals including mammoths , mastodons and ground sloths inhabited forests in this area of North America about 20,000 years ago .
Sporormiella produces spores in the dung of large herbivores .
These are then preserved in the layers of mud and can provide an index of the number of these great animals , or megafauna , that roamed the environment at a particular time .
The researchers took sediment cores from the bed of Appleman lake in Indiana
" Sediment cores are much like ice cores , except with lake mud , " explained Ms Gill .
" The spores [ and other materials ] settle out into the lake mud and get buried over time . "
She and her team simply counted the pollen , charcoal and Sporormiella in these layers of mud , tracking the timescale of ancient environmental changes .
Their results showed a slow decline in megafauna that began about 15,000 years ago and appeared to last for about 1,000 years .
This discovery rules out one idea that the extinction might have been caused by an extraterrestrial object striking Earth 13,000 years ago .
The scientists also spotted signals of major environmental changes around the time of the extinction .
" This study is exciting because we 're getting some solid data about the ecological consequences of the removal of these animals , " said Ms Gill .
" After their decline we see an increase in the more warm - adapted deciduous trees , and an increase in charcoal [ which means there was ] an increase in the number of forest fires .
" So we can see that the forest is reassembling following the extinction . "
Human or environment
The cores provide a timeline of environmental change
The study also shows that the decline began about 1,000 years before the Clovis period - when the archaeological record shows that humans were making stone tools designed specifically to hunt large animals .
Prior to this discovery , some scientists believed that Clovis people hunted the animals to extinction .
But Professor Christopher Johnson from James Cook University in Queensland , Australia , said the study still supports the hypothesis that humans were primarily responsible for the mammals ' decline .
Professor Johnson was not involved in the study but wrote an accompanying article in the same issue of Science , outlining its significance .
He wrote : " If people were responsible ... they must have been pre-Clovis settlers .
" The existence of such people has been controversial , but archaeological evidence is slowly coming to light . "
Ms Gill commented : " We can't resolve the climate versus humans debate but we have eliminated one of the main hypotheses for each camp . "
She added that there were " modern conservation implications " to the study .
" We know the large herbivores on the landscape today are some of the most threatened , " she said .
" And we 're starting to learn that they 're ecological keystones .
They 're not just charismatic , they might also be ecologically significant . "
Professor Johnson told BBC
News : " If we want to understand the history of ecosystems across the planet we really need to understand the effects of megafaunal extinction . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After the mortgage business imploded last year , Wall Street investment banks began searching for another big idea to make money .
They think they may have found one .
The bankers plan to buy “ life settlements , ” life insurance policies that ill and elderly people sell for cash  $ 400,000 for a $ 1 million policy , say , depending on the life expectancy of the insured person .
Then they plan to “ securitize ” these policies , in Wall Street jargon , by packaging hundreds or thousands together into bonds .
They will then resell those bonds to investors , like big pension funds , who will receive the payouts when people with the insurance die .
The earlier the policyholder dies , the bigger the return  though if people live longer than expected , investors could get poor returns or even lose money .
Either way , Wall Street would profit by pocketing sizable fees for creating the bonds , reselling them and subsequently trading them .
But some who have studied life settlements warn that insurers might have to raise premiums in the short term if they end up having to pay out more death claims than they had anticipated .
Find out the best method to use for your home .
Use our chart to determine how much foil you need .
Most popular method for HOT attics with a / c ducting .
If your attic is truss built , use this method .
Mixed & cold climates with no ducts or storage in the attic .
For really low pitched attics with items in the attic space .
Stapling up in a really tall attic .
From JStreet.org / Jewcy.com .
Used with permission .
If this works , I 'll be back tomorrow at 1:00 to 4:00 PM with livestream of :
Plenary Session : Why Two States ?
Why Now ?
Introduction : Representative Robert Wexler ( FL - 19 ) Keynote Speaker : General James L. Jones , U.S. National Security Advisor Israeli Interests :
Bernard Avishai , Business Consultant ; Author
Ami Ayalon , Former Member of Knesset ( Labor ) ; Former Head of the Shin Bet
Haim Ramon , Former Member of Knesset ( Kadima ) ; Former Vice Prime Minister American Interests :
Martin Indyk , VP & Dir of Foreign Policy - Brookings Institution & Fmr U.S Ambassador to Israel
Mel Levine , Former Member of Congress ( D - CA ) Moderator :
Richard Wolffe , Author , Renegade : The Making of a President ; Former Senior White House Correspondent , Newsweek
Organizations supporting and participating in this conference :
J- Street : http://www.jstreet.org/...
J- Street PAC : http://www.jstreetpac.org/...
J-Street Education Fund : http://www.upzshalom.org & http://www.jstreetu.org
ALLEPH - Alliance for Jewish Renewal : http://www.aleph.org
Alliance for Middle East Peace : http://www.allmep.org
Ameinu : http://www.ameinu.net
Americans for Peace Now : http://peacenow.org
Btit Tzedek V’Shalom : http://www.btvshalom.org
Center for World Religions , Diplomacy & Conflict Resolution : http://crdcgmu.wordpress.com
Congress of Secular Jewish Organizations : http://www.csjo.org
Foundation for Middle East Peace : http://www.fmep.org
Israel / Palestinian Center for Research and Information : http://www.ipcri.org
Israel Policy Forum : http://www.israelpolicyforum.org
Jewish Peace Lobby : http://www.peacelobby.org
Masa – Israel Journey : http://www.masaisrael.org
MePeace ( Network for Peace ) : http://www.mepeace.org
Meretz USA : http://www.meretzusa.org
New Israel Fund : http://www.nif.org
The OneVoice Movement : http://www.onevoicemovement.org
Peres Center for Peace : http://www.peres-center.org
Rabbis for Human Rights of North America : http://www.rhr-na.org
Shalom Center : http://www.theshalomcenter.org
Workmen ’s Circle / Arbeter Ring : http://www.circle.org
Big news is that the conference was scheduled to have about 1,000 attendees and is now over 1,500 .
Several session I tried to get into has hotel security not letting more folks in , not because of protester but because of the fire marshall room capacity rules .
Right wing Jews of the so called mainstream organizations that have tried to dismiss or ignore or condemn J - Street have failed .
The large majority of American Jews who do support Israel and insist that means a real two state solution with an end to settlements and the occupation having a rising organized voice .
Alexandria , Va .
DID Republicans win so many of the elections on Tuesday because of their conservative base or because they went beyond it ?
The answer to both questions is yes .
In some places in 2009 it was enough to not be a Democrat , just as it was sufficient for Barack Obama to be an alternative to President George W. Bush in 2008 .
In Greensboro , N.C. , an unknown 70 - year - old conservative who has never held elective office beat the incumbent mayor , the first such defeat there since 1973 .
Message to Republicans :
When only 20 percent of Americans self - identify as Republicans , it is not our brand voters are buying .
It ’s the other guy ’s brand they are rejecting .
Image Credit ... Fogelson - Lubliner
Republicans won , fundamentally , because President Obama and the Democratic leadership in Washington have rebranded themselves as the party of economic irresponsibility .
In New Jersey , where the Republican , Chris Christie , won the governorship , 57 percent of voters said the economy and taxes were the top issues .
In Virginia 60 percent said the same  and Bob McDonnell , the Republican governor - elect , won economic voters by 15 percentage points .
As my friend James Carville might now say , “ It ’s the economy , again , stupid . ”
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama has declared a national emergency to deal with the " rapid increase in illness " from the H1N1 influenza virus .
" The 2009 H1N1 pandemic continues to evolve .
The rates of illness continue to rise rapidly within many communities across the nation , and the potential exists for the pandemic to overburden health care resources in some localities , " Obama said in a statement .
" Thus , in recognition of the continuing progression of the pandemic , and in further preparation as a nation , we are taking additional steps to facilitate our response . "
The president signed the declaration late Friday and announced it Saturday .
Calling the emergency declaration " an important tool in our kit going forward , " one administration official called Obama 's action a " proactive measure that 's not in response to any new development . "
Having trouble finding vaccine ?
Share your story
Another administration official said the move is " not tied to the current case count " and " gives the federal government more power to help states " by lifting bureaucratic requirements -- both in treating patients and moving equipment to where it 's most needed .
The officials did n't want their names used because they were not authorized to speak on the record .
Obama 's action allows Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius " to temporarily waive or modify certain requirements " to help health care facilities enact emergency plans to deal with the pandemic .
Those requirements are contained in Medicare , Medicaid and state Children 's Health Insurance programs , and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act privacy rule .
Since the H1N1 flu pandemic began in April , millions of people in the United States have been infected , at least 20,000 have been hospitalized and more than 1,000 have died , said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Watch how to find out if you have H1N1
Frieden said that having 46 states reporting widespread flu transmission is traditionally the hallmark of the peak of flu season .
To have the flu season peak at this time of the year is " extremely unusual . "
The CDC said 16.1 million doses of H1N1 , or swine flu , vaccine had been made by Friday -- 2 million more than two days earlier .
About 11.3 million of those had been distributed throughout the United States , Frieden said .
" We are nowhere near where we thought we would be , " Frieden said , acknowledging that manufacturing delays have contributed to less vaccine being available than expected .
" As public health professionals , vaccination is our strongest tool .
Not having enough is frustrating to all of us . "
Frieden said that while the way vaccine is manufactured is " tried and true , " it 's not well - suited for ramping up production during a pandemic because it takes at least six months .
The vaccine is produced by growing weakened virus in eggs .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
In 1811 , Joseph Fourier , the 43 - year - old prefect of the French district of Isčre , entered a competition in heat research sponsored by the French Academy of Sciences .
The paper he submitted described a novel analytical technique that we today call the Fourier transform , and it won the competition ; but the prize jury declined to publish it , criticizing the sloppiness of Fourier ’s reasoning .
According to Jean - Pierre Kahane , a French mathematician and current member of the academy , as late as the early 1970s , Fourier ’s name still did n’t turn up in the major French encyclopedia the Encyclopædia Universalis .
Now , however , his name is everywhere .
The Fourier transform is a way to decompose a signal into its constituent frequencies , and versions of it are used to generate and filter cell - phone and Wi-Fi transmissions , to compress audio , image , and video files so that they take up less bandwidth , and to solve differential equations , among other things .
It ’s so ubiquitous that “ you do n’t really study the Fourier transform for what it is , ” says Laurent Demanet , an assistant professor of applied mathematics at MIT .
“ You take a class in signal processing , and there it is .
You do n’t have any choice . ”
The Fourier transform comes in three varieties : the plain old Fourier transform , the Fourier series , and the discrete Fourier transform .
But it ’s the discrete Fourier transform , or DFT , that accounts for the Fourier revival .
In 1965 , the computer scientists James Cooley and John Tukey described an algorithm called the fast Fourier transform , which made it much easier to calculate DFTs on a computer .
All of a sudden , the DFT became a practical way to process digital signals .
To get a sense of what the DFT does , consider an MP3 player plugged into a loudspeaker .
The MP3 player sends the speaker audio information as fluctuations in the voltage of an electrical signal .
Those fluctuations cause the speaker drum to vibrate , which in turn causes air particles to move , producing sound .
An audio signal ’s fluctuations over time can be depicted as a graph : the x -axis is time , and the y - axis is the voltage of the electrical signal , or perhaps the movement of the speaker drum or air particles .
Either way , the signal ends up looking like an erratic wavelike squiggle .
But when you listen to the sound produced from that squiggle , you can clearly distinguish all the instruments in a symphony orchestra , playing discrete notes at the same time .
That ’s because the erratic squiggle is , effectively , the sum of a number of much more regular squiggles , which represent different frequencies of sound .
“ Frequency ” just means the rate at which air molecules go back and forth , or a voltage fluctuates , and it can be represented as the rate at which a regular squiggle goes up and down .
When you add two frequencies together , the resulting squiggle goes up where both the component frequencies go up , goes down where they both go down , and does something in between where they ’re going in different directions .
The DFT does mathematically what the human ear does physically : decompose a signal into its component frequencies .
Unlike the analog signal from , say , a record player , the digital signal from an MP3 player is just a series of numbers , representing very short samples of a real - world sound : CD - quality digital audio recording , for instance , collects 44,100 samples a second .
If you extract some number of consecutive values from a digital signal — 8 , or 128 , or 1,000 — the DFT represents them as the weighted sum of an equivalent number of frequencies .
( “ Weighted ” just means that some of the frequencies count more than others toward the total . )
The application of the DFT to wireless technologies is fairly straightforward : the ability to break a signal into its constituent frequencies lets cell - phone towers , for instance , disentangle transmissions from different users , allowing more of them to share the air .
The application to data compression is less intuitive .
But if you extract an eight - by - eight block of pixels from an image , each row or column is simply a sequence of eight numbers — like a digital signal with eight samples .
The whole block can thus be represented as the weighted sum of 64 frequencies .
If there ’s little variation in color across the block , the weights of most of those frequencies will be zero or near zero .
Throwing out the frequencies with low weights allows the block to be represented with fewer bits but little loss of fidelity .
Demanet points out that the DFT has plenty of other applications , in areas like spectroscopy , magnetic resonance imaging , and quantum computing .
But ultimately , he says , “ It ’s hard to explain what sort of impact Fourier ’s had , ” because the Fourier transform is such a fundamental concept that by now , “ it ’s part of the language . ”
Provided by Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( news : web )
Explore further
The not - so - digital future of digital signal processing
COTTAGE
COMPUTER
PROGRAMMING
by Paul Lutus
Paul Lutus dropped out of the NASA rat race to live on a mountaintop for $ 40 a month .
Then he wrote the most popular word processing program for personal computers ...
Paul Lutus is the author of Apple Writer , one of the best - selling word processing programs of all time .
Y
ou may have heard about me .
In the computer business I 'm known as the Oregon Hermit .
According to rumor , I write personal computer programs in solitude , shunning food and sleep in endless fugues of work .
I hang up on important callers in order to keep the next few programming ideas from evaporating , and I live on the end of a dirt road in the wilderness .
I 'm here to tell you these vicious rumors are true .
Now that I 've confessed , I 'll explain how I met my first personal computer .
It was 1976 , and I was designing some electronic devices for the NASA space shuttle .
I was a college dropout whose employability rested solely on the fact that I could build things that worked ( the lights on the present shuttle fleet are powered by my electronics ) .
But I was about to drop out even further .
That spring I moved to one of the wilder corners of Oregon and built a twelve - by - sixteen - foot cabin atop a four - hundred - foot hill .
Since I did n't want a road , I carried the lumber on my back .
I planted a vegetable garden .
I wrote poetry and played mathematical games in notebooks .
And I chose to do without electricity .
One night when I was reading Scientific American in the yellow glow of kerosene , I saw an advertisement for the Apple II .
Wow , I thought , a personal computer !
With a computer you could draw a world in three dimensions out of colored lines .
Write stories .
Play music .
Locate Neptune to point your telescope .
Store fantastic amounts of trivial information . . .
The very next day I rode my bicycle to the nearest telephone and placed my order .
During the next few weeks I filled notebooks with ideas for programs I was going to write , in some cases setting them down in code .
I also strung the oaks and madrones with twelve hundred feet of electrical cord to power the machine .
土曜のRHG読書会ふつぱいら編で、mputさんからlibcは実行できるという話が出た。
手元 のLinuxで実行可能ビットが立っているsoを起動すると以下となった。
$ ls -l /lib/*.so|grep rwx - rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 72800 2008-08-04 16:14 /lib/klibc-oHYcLOsqK031xhhY6ecG96fp_1A.so - rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 131584 2009-01-30 02:56 /lib/ld-2.8.90.so - rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 1502520 2009-01-30 02:56 /lib/libc-2.8.90.so - rwxr-xr-x 1 root root 130214 2009-01-30 02:56 /lib/libpthread-2.8.90.so $ /lib/klibc-oHYcLOsqK031xhhY6ecG96fp_1A.so
Segmentation fault $ /lib/ld-2.8.90.so Usage : ld.so [ OPTION ] ...
EXECUTABLE -FILE [ ARGS -FOR -PROGRAM ...]
You have invoked `ld.so ' , the helper program for shared library executables .
This program usually lives in the file ` / lib / ld.so ' , and special directives in executable files using ELF shared libraries tell the system 's program loader to load the helper program from this file .
This helper program loads the shared libraries needed by the program executable , prepares the program to run , and runs it .
You may invoke this helper program directly from the command line to load and run an ELF executable file ; this is like executing that file itself , but always uses this helper program from the file you specified , instead of the helper program file specified in the executable file you run .
This is mostly of use for maintainers to test new versions of this helper program ; chances are you did not intend to run this program .
-- list list all dependencies and how they are resolved -- verify verify that given object really is a dynamically linked object we can handle -- library - path PATH use given PATH instead of content of the environment variable LD_LIBRARY_PATH -- inhibit - rpath LIST ignore RUNPATH and RPATH information in object names in LIST $ /lib/libc-2.8.90.so GNU C Library development release version 2.8.90 , by Roland McGrath et al.
Copyright ( C ) 2008 Free Software Foundation , Inc .
This is free software ; see the source for copying conditions .
There is NO warranty ; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
Compiled by GNU CC version 4.3.2 .
Compiled on a Linux >>2.6.24-16 - server << system on 2009 - 01 - 29 .
Available extensions : crypt add - on version 2.1 by Michael Glad and others GNU Libidn by Simon Josefsson Native POSIX Threads Library by Ulrich Drepper et al BIND - 8.2.3 - T5B
For bug reporting instructions , please see : . $ /lib/libpthread-2.8.90.so Native POSIX Threads Library by Ulrich Drepper et al Copyright ( C ) 2006 Free Software Foundation , Inc .
This is free software ; see the source for copying conditions .
There is NO warranty ; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
Forced unwind support included .
いきなりSEGVするklibcはともかく、他のsoは少なくとも著作権表示はする。
ldはusage表示までするので実際に引数を与えてみる。
$ /lib/ld-2.8.90.so -- list /usr/local/bin/ruby linux-vdso.so.1 => ( 0x00007fff237ff000 ) librt.so.1 => /lib/librt.so.1 ( 0x00007fe91b3ff000 ) libdl.so.2 => /lib/libdl.so.2 ( 0x00007fe91b1fb000 ) libcrypt.so.1 => /lib/libcrypt.so.1 ( 0x00007fe91afc2000 ) libm.so.6 => /lib/libm.so.6 ( 0x00007fe91ad3d000 ) libc.so.6 => /lib/libc.so.6 ( 0x00007fe91a9cb000 ) libpthread.so.0 => /lib/libpthread.so.0 ( 0x00007fe91a7ae000 ) / lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 =>
/lib/ld-2.8.90.so ( 0x00007fe91b620000 )
lddの出力に似ている。
$ ldd /usr / local / bin/ruby linux-vdso.so.1 => ( 0x00007fff0c9fe000 ) librt.so.1 => /lib/librt.so.1 ( 0x00007fc40442e000 ) libdl.so.2 => /lib/libdl.so.2 ( 0x00007fc40422a000 ) libcrypt.so.1 => /lib/libcrypt.so.1 ( 0x00007fc403 ff2000 ) libm.so.6 => /lib/libm.so.6 ( 0x00007fc403d6d000 ) libc.so.6 => /lib/libc.so.6 ( 0x00007fc4039fb000 ) libpthread.so.0 => /lib/libpthread.so.0 ( 0x00007fc4037df000 ) /lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 ( 0x00007fc404637000 )
というよりも全く同じだ。
$ file / usr / bin / ldd /usr / bin / ldd : Bourne - Again shell script text executable
lddは中でld.soを呼び出しているのだった。
Today we ’re featuring the awesome talent of Niark , a wondrous 34 year old French freelance graphic designer and witty illustrator living in Paris .
Niark takes his inspiration from street art , music and graphics .
He works in a broad scope of areas such as advertising agencies , music labels , art toys , streetwear and more .
His style features bright colors and abstract illustrations and finds balance in seemingly chaotic environments .
If you want to learn more about Niark , take a look at his portfolio .
In this post , you ’ll find a collection of his best works that you can use for inspiration .
What do you think of Niark ’s work ?
Please leave your thoughts below …
On Mathematical Diseases
Mathematical diseases : symptoms and examples
Underwood Dudley is a number theorist , who is perhaps best known for his popular books on mathematics .
The most famous one is A Budget of Trisections , which studies the many failed attempts at the ancient problem of trisecting an angle with only a ruler and a compass .
This problem is impossible , yet that has not stopped some people from working day and night looking for a solution .
Trying to find such a solution is an obsession for some ; it ’s almost like they have a malady that forces them to work on the problem .
Today I plan on talking about other mathematical obsessions .
They are like diseases that affect some , and make them feel they have to work on certain mathematical problems .
Perhaps P=NP is one ?
Dudley ’s book is quite funny , in my opinion , although it does border on being a little bit unkind .
As the title suggests , in “ A Budget of Trisections , ” he presents one attempt after another at a general method for trisecting any angle .
For most he points out that when the angle is equal to some value what the exact error is .
For others he adds a comment like :
This construction almost worked , if only the points and and had really been co-linear it would have worked .
Perhaps the author could move
His book is about the kind of mathematical problems that I will discuss today : problems that act almost like a real disease .
I cannot resist a quote from Underwood that attacks bloggers .
Note he uses “ he ” to refer to himself in this quote :
He has done quite a bit of editing in his time –the College Mathematics Journal for five years , the Pi Mu Epsilon Journal for three , the Dolciani Mathematical Expositions book series ( six years ) , and the New Mathematical Library book series ( three years ) .
As a result he has a complete grasp of the distinction between “ that ” and “ which ” ( very rare ) and the conviction that no writing , including this , should appear before the public before passing through the hands , eyes , and brain of an editor .
Take that , bloggers !
( Bold added by me . )
Oh well .
What Is a Mathematical Disease ?
This is the flu season in Atlanta , and many are getting it .
I hope you either miss the bug , or if you are unfortunate enough to get it , get a mild case .
There is another type of “ bug ” that affects mathematicians — the attempt to solve certain problems .
These problems have been called “ diseases , ” which is a term coined by the great graph theorist Frank Harary .
They include many famous problems from graph theory , some from algebra , some from number theory , some from complexity theory , and so on .
The symptoms of the flu are well known — I hope again you stay away from fever , chills , and the aches — but the symptoms for a mathematical disease ( MD ) are less well established .
There are some signs however that a problem is a MD .
A problem must be easy to state to be a MD .
This is not sufficient , but is required .
Thus , the Hodge - Conjecture will never be a disease .
I have no clue what it is about .
A problem must seem to be accessible , even to an amateur .
This is a key requirement .
When you first hear the problem your reaction should be : that is open ?
The problem must seem to be easy .
A problem must also have been repeatedly “ solved ” to be a true MD .
A good MD usually has been “ proved ” many times — often by the same person .
If you see a paper in arXiv.org with many “ updates ” that ’s a good sign that the problem is a MD .
Unlike real diseases , MD ’s have no known cure .
Even the solution of the problem will not stop attempts by some to continue working on it .
If the proof shows that something is impossible — like the situation with angle trisection — those with the MD will often still work hard on trying to get around the proof .
Even when there is a fine proof , those with the disease may continue trying to find a simple proof .
For example , Andrew Wiles ’ proof of Fermat ’s Last Theorem has not stopped some from trying to find Pierre de Fermat ’s “ the truly marvellous proof . ”
Some Mathematical Diseases
Here are some of the best known MD ’s along with a couple of lesser known ones .
I would like to hear from you with additional suggestions .
As I stated earlier Harary was probably the first to call certain problems MD’s .
His original list was restricted to graph problems , however .
Graph Isomorphism :
This is the classic question of whether or not there is a polynomial time algorithm that can tell if two graphs are isomorphic .
The problem seems so easy , but it has resisted all attempts so far .
I admit to being mildly infected by this MD : in the 1970 ’s I worked on GI for special classes of graphs using a method I called the beacon set method .
There are some beautiful partial results : for example , the work of László Babai , Yu Grigoryev , and David Mount on the case where the graphs have bounded multiplicity of eigenvalues is one of my favorites .
Also the solution by Eugene Luks of the bounded degree case is one of the major milestones .
I would like to raise one question that I believe is open :
Is there a polynomial time algorithm for the GI problem for expander graphs ?
I asked several people at the recent Theory Day and no one seem to know the answer .
Perhaps you do .
Group Isomorphism :
This problem is not as well known as the GI problem .
The question is given two finite groups of size are they isomorphic ?
The key is that the groups are presented by their multiplication tables .
The best known result is that isomorphism can be done in time .
This result is due to Zeke Zalcstein and myself and independently Bob Tarjan .
It is quite a simple observation based on the fact that groups always have generator sets of cardinality at most .
I have been affected with this MD for decades .
Like some kind of real diseases I get “ bouts ” where I think that I have a new idea , and I then work hard on the problem .
It seems so easy , but is also like GI — very elusive .
I would be personally excited by any improvement over the above bound .
Note , the hard case seems to be the problem of deciding isomorphism for - groups .
If you can make progress on such groups , I believe that the general case might yield .
In any event - groups seem to be quite hard .
Graph Reconstruction :
This is a famous problem due to Stanislaw Ulam .
The conjecture is that the vertex deleted subgraphs of a graph determine the graph up to isomorphism , provided it has at least vertices .
It is one of the best known problems in graph theory , and is one of the original diseases that Harary discussed .
I somehow have been immune to this disease — I have never thought about it at all .
The problem does seem to be solvable ; how can all the subgraphs not determine a graph ?
My only thought has been that this problem somehow seems to be related to GI .
But , I have no idea why I believe that is true .
Jacobian Conjecture :
This is a famous problem about when a polynomial map has an inverse .
Suppose that we consider the map that sends a pair of complex numbers to where and are both integer polynomials .
The conjecture is that the mapping is 1 - 1 if and only if the mapping is locally 1 - 1 .
The reason it is called the Jacobian Conjecture is that the map is locally 1 - 1 if and only if the determinant of the matrix
is a non-zero constant .
Note , is the partial derivative of the polynomial with respect to .
The above matrix is called the Jacobian of the map .
This is a perfect example of a MD .
I have worked some on it with one of the experts in the area — we proved a small result about the problem .
During the time we started to work together , within a few months the full result was claimed twice .
One of the claims was by a faculty member of a well known mathematics department .
They even went as far to schedule a series of “ special ” talks to present the great proof .
Another expert in the area had looked at their proof and announced that it was “ correct . ”
Eventually , the talks were cancelled , since the proof fell apart .
Crypto-Systems :
This is the quest to create new public key crypto-systems .
While factoring , discrete logarithm , and elliptic curves seem to be fine existing public key systems , there is a constant interest in creating new ones that are based on other assumptions .
Some of this work is quite technical , but it seems a bit like an MD to me .
There are amateurs and professionals who both seem to always want to create a new system .
Many times these systems are broken quite quickly — it is really hard to design a crypto-system .
A recent example of this was the work of Sarah Flannery and David Flannery in creating a new system detailed in their book In Code .
The book gives the story of her discovery of her system , and its eventual collapse .
P=NP : You all know this problem .
See this for a nice list of attempts over the years to resolve the problem .
Thanks to Gerhard Woeginger for maintaining the list .
Open Problems
What are other MD’s ?
What is your favorite ?
Why do some problems become diseases ?
While others do not ?
I would love to see some progress made on group isomorphism — I guess I have a bad case of this disease .
I promise that if you solve it I will stop thinking about it .
Really .
If your first reaction was " the City " , think again .
The answer is North Sea oil .
One of the peculiarities of British politics – and economics – is the reluctance to take into account the critical contribution of oil to the economy .
We spend so much time droning on about our excessive reliance on the financial sector that we tend to ignore this elephant in the room .
But the truth is that , for the past quarter of a century , Britain has been a petro-economy .
In 1999 , we were producing more oil than Iraq , Kuwait or Nigeria .
The following year , we pumped out almost twice as much natural gas as Iran – a country with reserves that are the envy of the world .
The GOP 's precise path to a pre-election SCOTUS vote Presented by
WAKE UP , FLAWLESS —
The Senate GOP might just be on track to confirm Amy Coney Barrett to the nation ’s highest court before Election Day , but absolutely everything must go right .
The White House and Senate GOP are taking every precaution necessary to avoid a single misstep in the next four weeks that could push the vote until after the election — which would carry huge political backlash .
The GOP is already moving at turbospeed .
By the end of today , Barrett is set to have met with roughly a third of the Senate GOP and is already beginning prep sessions — on issues such as Obamacare and abortion rights , as well as character issues — for her confirmation hearing in 12 days .
White House Counsel ’s officials spent much of the weekend mapping out a schedule for Barrett , who has two weeks to undergo refresher courses on everything she might face on the stand .
The story from Burgess , Gabby Orr and Bres : https://politi.co/3cIZX6y .
Advertisement
As part of the GOP ’s march toward a vote , the Senate Judiciary Committee released Barrett ’s responses to their lengthy questionnaire late Tuesday night .
In it , she did not commit to recusing herself from cases related to the outcome of the 2020 presidential election — an answer sure to rile up Democrats .
More from Andrew and Marianne : https://politi.co/2ScEv0k .
Democrats , meanwhile , are rolling out delay tactics .
That included an unusual maneuver by Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer on Tuesday , in which he seized control of the floor to force a vote on the Trump administration ’s attempt to dismantle the Affordable Care Act .
Schumer filed cloture on his own bill — a relatively unknown procedure that surprised even some senators — to make GOP senators go on the record on the ACA lawsuit amid the Supreme Court battle .
( Even senior Hill reporters said they ’d only seen it happen once in their careers . ) .
More from Marianne and Susannah Luthi : https://politi.co/33gZeXr
.
But the GOP is already hinting at retaliation for those opposition slowdowns — by confirming more even more judges and more executive nominations , as Burgess reports : https://politi.co/36eTUFT
.
Related read : “ Democrats Pressure Trump Court Pick Barrett on Election Recusal , ” via Bloomberg ’s Jordan Fabian and Laura Litvan , https://bloom.bg/2ScNxut .
“ Demand Justice launches seven - figure ad buy for SCOTUS fight ” via Marianne https://politi.co/2Se71i4 .
A message from Emergent BioSolutions :
Over the last 20 years , Emergent has produced trusted therapies and vaccines by the millions .
Our standards for safety and consistency are rigorous .
Our protocols meet or exceed industry standards .
And our commitment is unwavering .
Learn how we ’re helping fight COVID - 19 .
NO REALLY , LAST CHANCE — Months of failed coronavirus aid talks between Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin are down to the final hours .
Barring some kind of bipartisan breakthrough by midday today , Democrats will push ahead with their own package and then leave town .
That means any more relief — for America ’s unemployed , for schools , for local governments , for airlines , for restaurants — is on hold for another six weeks at least .
Democrats say they hope for a GOP counter - offer by noon .
But they ’re ready in case it all collapses ( again ) : The House Rules Committee will meet at 9 a .m. to tee up the bill for a vote later this week .
Heather , Mel and Sarah have the latest deets : https://politi.co/3ijw4uS .
Meanwhile , pressure in the Democratic caucus has reached boiling point .
More than 20 centrist Democrats signed a letter to Pelosi and Hoyer warning that a GOP discharge petition “ is the only potential option for COVID - 19 related action ” on the floor if the House does n’t tee up a vote this week .
Read the letter here : https://bit.ly/30jEnkp
Related : “ Steven Mnuchin ’s Deal Staved Off Catastrophe .
Can He Make Another One ? ” via the New York Times Magazine ’s Jason Zengerle https://nyti.ms/2HxCkT1 .
GOOD MORNING !
Welcome to Huddle , the play - by - play guide to all things Capitol Hill , on this Wednesday , September 30 , where we skipped debate watch parties but can appreciate drink specials like “ Betsy DeVodka ” and “ # SaveTikTok . ”
You definitely needed something strong for that one .
TUESDAY'S MOST CLICKED : New York Magazine ’s report on Sarah Palin potentially eying a challenge to Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) was the big winner .
HOURS TO SPARE —
Not trying to jinx it , but Congress is poised to avert a disastrous pre-election , mid-pandemic shutdown .
The Senate today is expected to clear a short - term funding bill that keeps the government open through Dec. 11 , punting the annual chore of passing new spending bills until the lame duck .
But , of course , bipartisan agreement on 12 funding bills before January is a huge left for a Congress already at peak dysfunction .
Even the continuing resolution was nearly derailed last week over partisan squabbles over farm aid and pandemic - related nutrition assistance .
More from our Caitlin Emma : https://politi.co/30ePhrx
HEAD SCRATCH EMOJI — U.S. Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe raised eyebrows on Tuesday when he released a Russian intelligence assessment alleging that Hillary Clinton personally approved an effort “ to stir up a scandal ” by tying Trump to Putin and the Russian hacking of the DNC .
But those same claims — which Ratcliffe released hours before the first Trump - Biden debate — had already been rejected by Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Intelligence Committee .
That means the country ’s top intelligence official declassified Russian disinformation that he acknowledges might be exaggerated or fabricated by the Russians .
And yes , Trump did mention it during the debate .
The story from Andrew and Daniel Lippman : https://politi.co/348qF4W
Related : “ Mueller in rare statement pushes back on top aide 's criticism of investigation ” via The Hill ’s J. Edward Moreno , https://bit.ly/2Gj7rRK
.
“ Schiff subpoenas DHS over whistleblower complaint , ” via our Caitlin Oprysko https://politi.co/3kZAF7f
STRADDLING THE SCOTUS FIGHT — Sen. Joni Ernst ( R - Iowa ) is right there with her GOP colleagues to speedily confirm Amy Coney Barrett before Nov. 3 .
But in one of the tightest Senate races in the country , both Ernest — and her Democratic opponent Theresa Greenfield — are treading carefully in the precarious Supreme Court fight that both sides fear could backfire on them in the neck - and - neck contest .
Ernst , for example , has said that Roe v.
Wade will likely stand even if Barrett is confirmed , a clear attempt to downplay the threat to abortion rights and avoid riling up liberal voters .
And Greenfield , for her part , is avoiding any perception of disrespecting Barrett , a highly accomplished woman from the Midwest .
“ I hope all senators take the time to carefully review and get to know the nominee , ” Greenfield said in an interview .
The dispatch from Iowa from James Arkin https://politi.co/36hVAOH .
Related : “ Georgia election to fill Rep. John Lewis ’ term goes to runoff , ” via Roll Call ’s Stephanie Akin https://bit.ly/2GnbkFa .
“ Early surge of Democratic mail voting sparks worry inside GOP ” by WaPo ’s Amy Gardner and Josh Dawsey https://wapo.st/3cJKyTS
A message from Emergent BioSolutions :
DONALD WHO ?
JOE WHO ?—
As the Senate ad wars come down to the wire , both parties are still skirting around their opponent ’s presidential nominees in their final TV pitch to voters .
For Senate Republicans , Joe Biden has proven to be much less of a boogeyman than Speaker Nancy Pelosi or even Rep. Alexandria Ocasio- Cortez .
And Senate Democrats have mostly decided not to go after President Donald Trump , since they ’re looking to pick up seats in states like North Carolina and Iowa that voted his way in 2016 .
In all , 95 % of broadcast television spots in competitive Senate races in recent weeks were neither anti-Trump nor anti-Biden , CNN reports .
The biggest star of the GOP ’s attack ads was Pelosi , who showed up in more ads than Trump or Biden combined .
The story from CNN ’s Alex Rogers and Manu Raju : https://cnn.it/3n3eq1X .
Related : “ The battleground states that might count election results the slowest ” by WaPo ’s Kate Rabinowitz https://wapo.st/2GgIJl0 .
“ Postal Service workers quietly resist DeJoy ’s changes with eye on election , ” by WaPo ’s Jacob Bogage https://wapo.st/349DCv5 .
TRANSITIONS
Kristen Hawn is joining ROKK Solutions as a partner .
She most recently has been an outside senior adviser there , and is a longtime Democratic strategist .
TODAY IN CONGRESS
The House meets at 11 a.m .
The Senate meets at noon .
AROUND THE HILL
House GOP leaders unveil the final China Task Force Report. 10 a.m. Rayburn Room H -207 .
Democratic Caucus Chairman Hakeem Jeffries ( D - N.Y. ) and Vice - Chair Katherine Clark ( D - Mass . ) hold a press conference at 10:30 a.m. in HVC Studio A .
House Majority Leader Hoyer holds a pen and pad briefing via conference call at 11:30 a.m .
TRIVIA
TUESDAY ’S WINNER : Jamie Gillespie was the first person to guess that Supreme Court justice William Mody made his name early in his career as a prosecutor on the trial of Lizzie Borden in 1893 for the murder of her father and step - mother in 1892 .
TODAY ’S QUESTION : From Jamie : During Prohibition , what was the real name of the bootlegger known as the Man in the Green Hat who ran his operation out of first the Cannon House Office Building and then the Russell Senate Office Building ?
The first person to correctly guess gets a mention in the next edition of Huddle .
Send your best guess to [ email protected ] .
GET HUDDLE emailed to your phone each morning .
For printing our articles please copy the web page by highlighting the text first - then click copy in the browser - paste the article into a word program on your computer .
When the text is transferred into word , click to save or print .
Jehovah 's Witness Children
DON'T SPEND TIME WITH PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT JEHOVAH'S WITNESSES .
Do n't associate with outsiders ( non-Jehovah 's Witnesses ) .
You are too busy for that !
Watchtower , 2/1/74 , p.93 .
Association with non-Jehovah 's Witness kids should be limited to trying to convert them .
Your Youth - Getting the Best Out of It. 1976 , p. 65 .
Remember , you are to have " no association " with non-Jehovah 's Witness friends or relatives .
If they are honest and moral , that still does not make any difference .
Watchtower , 2/15/60 , pp. 112-113 .
BEING A JEHOVAH'S WITNESS , RULE OUT SCHOOL SPORTS !
Listen ! " it is expected " that you will have no extra-curricular activities outside of the Watchtower .
Such activity is a " danger " and " worldly " .
Organized to Accomplish Our Ministry 1983 , p. 133 .
To play sports with children that are not Jehovah 's Witnesses is definitely " unwholesome " !
School and Jehovah 's Witnesses , 1983 , p.23 .
You are reminded that involvement in after - school sports tie you down , requiring you to spend evenings and weekends playing on a school team .
You are expected to be at the lectures at the Kingdom Hall .
" Any recreation you take outside of school should not be with worldly youths . "
Watchtower , 9/1/64 , p.535 .
IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING SOME HOBBY CLUB , THINK OF ALL THE WORLDLY PEOPLE YOU WOULD HAVE TO BE AROUND !
Hobby clubs lead to immoral character and might keep you away from the Kingdom Hall .
School and Jehovah 's Witnesses , 1983 , pp.24.25 .
They become " worldly alliances " .
The Watchtower asks you , is it " wise to enjoy hobbies with worldly people ? "
And " would it be proper to share hobbies with worldlings ? "
Watchtower , 9/1/64 , p.536 .
REMEMBER , THE LIMITATIONS INCLUDE THE GIRLS TOO !
Cheerleaders lead people into " frenzied cheering ... hero worship ... glorifying humans . "
School and Jehovah 's Witnesses , 1983 , pp.23 - 24 .
Never become a homecoming queen !
This would ' set up womanhood upon a pedestal . "
Watchtower , 6/15/64 , p.381 .
IT WON'T HELP TO CRY TO YOUR PARENTS OVER CELEBRATIONS !
Birthdays , Christmas , Easter , Mother 's Day and National Holidays are all condemned .
School and Jehovah 's Witnesses , 1983 , pp. 17-21 .
In fact , the month Of May of Mother 's Day is understood to be named after Maia , a demon worshiped by the pagans .
. . . " ' ( Awake 5/8/1956 , p. 25 )
MUCH OF WHAT WE DO IS PAGAN AND TO BE AVOIDED
Wedding rings have possible pagan origins . "
( WT 1/15/1972 p.63 )
" We all need to face up to the fact that Christmas and its music are not from Jehovah , the God of truth .
Then what is their source ?
... Satan the Devil . " ( WT 12/15/1983 , p. 7 )
THIS IS GOOD !
Non -team competition you can play includes hiking , handball and badminton or pitching horseshoes .
Your Youth - Getting the Best Out of it 1976 , p. 123 .
DO NOT GO OUT FOR LITTLE LEAGUE BASEBALL !
The Watchtower Society agrees with the psychologist who says little league baseball should be avoided , too competitive .
( Your Youth - Getting the Best Out of it 1 976 , p. 118 . )
Non team competition you can play includes hiking , handball , badminton , and pitching horseshoes . "
( Your youth - getting the best out of it ,1976 p.123 )
We can see the control that is exhibited over others lives all for God .
DO NOT PLAY CHESS .
IT IS LIKE WAR !
The real danger of playing chess is it 's military nature , the equivalent of the maneuvers enacted by little boys with toy soldiers .
Awake ! , 3/22/73 , pp.12 -14 .
WHY DO YOU NEED SELF - DEFENSE ?
Karate , judo or other martial arts is a violent measure and would bring you under the judgement of the elders .
Pay Attention to Yourselves and to All the Flock 1981 , p. 150 .
DO NOT GO TO THE ZOO !
Zoos are cruel punishment and a prison to animate .
You would not want to go gawk at the animals .
Watchtower , 11/15/49 , p.349 ; Awake , 5/8/73 , p. 18 .
HIGHER EDUCATION IS BAD !
No Jehovah 's Witness should want to go to college .
Rather , work in the Watchtower Organization !
Watchtower ,9/1/75 , p.543 ; Pay Attention to Yourselves and t o All the Flock , 1977 , p. 105 ..
Do not pursue higher education .
There is very little time left !
Make pioneer service , the full - time ministry with the possibility of Bethel or missionary service , your goal .
WT 3/15/1969 , p. 171
What about professional careers ?
The position has not changed .
If you are a young person thinking about a career - forget it .
The end will be " in a few years " .
Do you remember expecting the end by the mid-1970's .
Awake ! , 5/22/69 , p. 15 .
Professional people , doctors and lawyers are often " inconsiderate of others " due to their undesirable higher education .
Awake ! , 918168 , p.1 0 .
It is foolish to want to be a doctor or a lawyer .
Watchtower , 8/1/75 , p.451 .
NO TAKING A BLOOD TRANSFUSION TO SAVE A LIFE
" In view of the seriousness of taking blood into the human system by a transfusion , would violation of the Holy Scriptures in this regard subject the dedicated , baptized receiver of blood transfusion to being disfellowshiped from the Christian congregation ? "
" The inspired Holy Scriptures answer yes . "
( The Watchtower , January 15 , 1961 , p. 63 )
" Similarly , God 's command to ' abstain from blood ' rules out ingesting it by the mouth as well as through injections into the veins .
Furthermore , the Bible makes it clear that the divine law was not to be ignored even during an emergency that could threaten life .
( 1 Sam . 14:31 -35 ) Many of God 's approved servants have been willing to face dangers and even death rather than violate Scriptural principles and their integrity to Jehovah . "
( The Watchtower , June 15 , 1978 , p.24 )
. . .
" So their everlasting destiny is tied up in their faithfulness to Jehovah .
This includes their being obedient to what he says about blood . "
( The Watchtower , June 15 , 1978 , p.24 )
IF YOUR FAMILY IS SPLIT FROM THE KINGDOM HALL , HATE YOUR FAMILY !
CHILDREN ARE SEPARATED FROM THEIR PARENTS
Children should get away from disfellowshipped parents as soon as they are old enough to leave .
( Watchtower , 11/15/52 , p. 703 . )
Children should get away from disfellowshipped parents as soon as they are old enough to leave .
( Watchtower , 11/15/52 , p. 703 . )
If a child of someone is disfellowshipped from the Kingdom Hall , the parent is to refuse to listen to the child 's reason . ( Organization for Kingdom - Preaching and Disciple - Making 1972 , p. 173 . )
Disfellowshipped children , legally of age will be kicked out of the home .
( Watchtower , 11/15/52 , p. 703 . )
ADULTS ARE TO BE REJECTED
" If a JW joins another religion , an announcement is made to the congregation to stop associating with him . "
( WT 10/15/1986 p.31 )
Jehovah 's Witnesses are to hate people who do bad .
Watchtower , 7/15/61 , p.420 .
If someone used to be a Jehovah 's Witness , " We must hate in the truest sense , which is to regard with extreme ~ active aversion , to consider as loathsome , odious , filthy , to detest . "
Watchtower , 10/1/52 , p.599 .
a disfellowshipped relative who does not live in the same home , contact with him is also kept to what is absolutely necessary ... even curtailed completely if at all possible .
WT 7/15/1963 , p. 443
They are to be hated " in the sense of avoiding them as we would poison or a poisonous snake . "
Watchtower , 6/15/80 , p.8 .
" in order to hate what is bad a Christian must hate the person " WT 7/15/1961 , p. 420
All one needs to do is ask those who were once part of this so called Gods Organization and hear how they were treated when they left for good reasons .
The evidence is overwhelming that they are shunned and hated hardly a Christian attitude .
Photocopies of the above - mentioned publications are available on request .
A Wall Street Journal poll taken last week reflects a gain by Republicans in party identification , closing the gap from 40 - 33 in April in favor of the Democrats to a Democratic margin of only 35 - 34 .
The data reflects that one - third of this six - point closure of the partisan gap comes from a major shift among the elderly — the only demographic group to have moved dramatically .
ADVERTISEMENT
In April , the elderly broke evenly on their party identification , with 37 percent supporting each political party .
Now the Republicans hold a lead , at 46 - 33 .
This 13 - point closure among the 14 percent of the vote that is cast by those over 65 represents two of the six points of closure nationally .
No other group changed nearly as much .
Neither liberals nor minorities nor any other age group moved nearly as dramatically as did the elderly .
The Journal ’s pollsters noted that “ perhaps the most striking movement is with senior citizens . ”
The Democratic Party , led by Obama , is systematically converting the elderly vote into a Republican bastion .
The work of FDR in passing Social Security in 1937 and of LBJ in enacting Medicare in 1965 is being undone by the president ’s healthcare program .
The elderly see his proposals for what they are : a massive redistribution of healthcare away from the elderly and toward a population that is younger , healthier and richer but happens , at the moment , to lack insurance .
( Remember that the uninsured are , by definition , not elderly , not young and not in poverty — and if they are , they are currently eligible for Medicare , Medicaid or SCHIP and do not need the Obama program . )
The elderly see the $ 500 billion projected cut in Medicare through the same lens as they viewed Gingrich ’s efforts to slice the growth in the program in the mid-1990s .
When the president addresses Congress and the nation on Wednesday night , he will likely indicate a willingness to compromise on aspects of his program .
He might attenuate his support of the public option for insurance companies and could soften other aspects of his proposal as it is embodied in the House bill .
But the fundamental equation will not change :
He is cutting Medicare spending and using the money to subsidize coverage of those who are now uninsured but cannot afford to pay full premiums .
It is this equation that has the elderly up in arms .
And our seniors correctly understand that you cannot extend full health benefits to some portion of the 50 million who live here and lack insurance without causing rationing of existing health services unless you expand the number of doctors and nurses and the amount of medical equipment .
When President Harry Truman first proposed compulsory health insurance in 1949 , he coupled his proposal with a big increase in federal aid to medical education .
He grasped the fundamental reality that you cannot expand coverage without expanding the number of people who provide the service — unless you are prepared to resort to wholesale rationing .
If Democratic senators and congressmen believe that the elderly will recover from their Republican tendencies by Election Day 2010 — or even by 2012 or 2014 — they misjudge their senior constituents .
The elderly are the group most dependent on government services , and they follow politics with an attention that only the needy can give .
They will not forget if the Democrats push through cuts in Medicare and then ask for their support in the next election .
Their memories are long and they turn out in huge numbers .
Until now , these traits have worked to the advantage of the Democrats .
Now they are increasingly likely to deliver Congress and the White House to the Republicans .
Morris , a former adviser to Sen. Trent Lott ( R - Miss . ) and President Bill Clinton William ( Bill ) Jefferson ClintonNew poll finds Biden narrowly leading Trump in Georgia Changing the climate of presidential debates Davis :
My advice to Joe Biden on eve of the debate — be Joe Biden MORE , is the author of Outrage and Fleeced .
To get all of Dick Morris ’s and Eileen McGann ’s columns for free by e-mail or to order a signed copy of their new best - selling book , Catastrophe , go to dickmorris.com .
Welcome to Pandora : come for the treasure , stay for the gun show .
Borderlands , the " role - playing shooter " from developers Gearbox Software ( Brothers in Arms ) , is an explosive adventure featuring an amazing arsenal of weapons .
The sci - fi action game features four mercenaries in search of an legendary alien vault containing rare technology and infinite wealth .
When players first land on the fictional planet of Pandora , they will choose one of the four characters : Brick the berserker , Lilith the siren , Mordecai the hunter or Roland the soldier .
Each of these characters boasts special powers along with a weapons specialty .
Roland , for example , is great with combat rifles and drops turrets to assist him in combat .
After receiving a brief tutorial provided by your enthusiastic robot host , Claptrap , players venture off in search for the vault .
Players can accept both main and side quests during their journey , then prioritize them in any order they choose .
Along with single - player options , Borderlands includes an impressive , seamless online component , where players can hop into and out of cooperative adventures at any time .
Instead of a standard multiplayer , groups of two or four can enter arenas scattered throughout the environment and engage in competitive challenges .
Every enemy killed and mission completed notches experience points which boost your character 's level and beefs up their health or shields , as well as strengthening their special abilities .
Roland 's turret , for example , can be bolstered to add rockets or regenerate ammo when standing nearby .
While there are RPG elements , Borderlands is deeply rooted in a first - person shooter experience .
There are plenty of weapons to pick up , and a ton of enemies to take out .
Firearms break down into a handful of groups , including small machine guns , combat rifles , shotguns , sniper rifles , launchers , revolvers and pistols ( or repeaters ) .
The game 's artificial intelligence randomly generates guns using parts from all these weapon types .
Adding to the variety are elemental powers such as fire , electricity and corrosion that pack an extra punch .
A few of the guns I found included a shotgun with scope and electric ammo , an incendiary sniper rifle and a small machine gun unleashing acidic bullets .
Borderlands features plenty of interesting enemies - both small and very large - for players to test out their weapons , ranging from Spiderants to bandits to Skags , four - legged wolf - like creatures .
Each opponent can pack an elemental ability as well , so players may run into a Skag that shoots fire or an acidic spit attack .
While the game has drawn a few comparisons to Bethesda 's apocalyptic Fallout 3 - primarily for its open environments and its blending of the shooter and RPG genres - there 's a key difference in philosophy .
Players were driven to explore in Fallout 3 by the characters and the story .
Borderlands , however , tempts players more often with its abundance of loot .
This is where the Diablo influence kicks in .
Finding that rare loot is wonderful , and leaves players eager to try out their new wares .
When you spot a giant red crate - the most common home for new gear - there 's a level of excitement reached in wondering what awesome weapons , shields or skill mods you may discover .
Environments are equally inviting courtesy of a unique art style reminiscent of a comic book .
Although the game may look two - dimensional , elements of the world such as mountains , bridges or vehicles carry a sense of weight of them .
The story in Borderlands is pretty solid , however it feels like Gearbox buried it too deep .
Plot details are delivered through audio diaries , random dispatches and pre-mission briefings .
The game features some really interesting characters - particularly the player - controlled mercenaries - that could have been developed a bit more .
However , since the stars of Borderlands are the guns , combat dominates .
Fortunately , it 's quite good .
Handling weapons feels very comfortable , and mixing in the special abilities creates some interesting tactical situations .
Enemies are tough , but some of their behaviors are inconsistent , especially the humans .
Some will walk right into plain sight , making them easy targets .
There were also a couple instances where an enemy took cover and was firing in my direction , but kept constantly hitting a wooden box .
He never relocated for a better view , allowing me to pick him off with no trouble .
One particularly comical moment involved an enemy who seemed to ignore an attack from a rocket launcher .
However , Borderlands is all about the thrill of the hunt , whether it be for new weapons or mounds of treasure , which makes the world of Pandora very easy to get lost in .
Publisher : 2 K Games
Developer : Gearbox Software
Platform(s ) : PC , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360
Price : $ 49.99 -$ 59.99
Release Date : October 20
Score : 3 stars ( out of 4 )
By Brett Molina
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A Colombian court has convicted a retired army general of murder and sentenced him to 40 years in prison for his role in a 1997 massacre by far - right militias .
The sentence of former general Jaime Humberto Uscátegui is the most severe imposed on a senior Colombian officer in a case of collusion with rightwing death squads .
A paramilitary force murdered at least 49 suspected guerrilla sympathisers in the village of Mapiripán from 15 - 20 July 1997 .
At the time , Uscátegui was a brigade commander in charge of a garrison where a pair of chartered planes carrying far - right gunmen landed .
The men were then dispatched to oversee the massacre .
During the five - day killing spree , the local judge , Ivan Cortes , made repeated telephone calls for help to Uscátegui 's subordinates but said they ignored his pleas to send troops to halt the massacre .
The murders – bodies were hacked up and many thrown in a river – marked the bloody arrival of rightwing death squads in Colombia 's eastern plains , where they would go on to kill hundreds of suspected leftist rebel sympathisers .
Human rights groups have long accused Colombia 's military of aiding and abetting rightwing death squads , citing the Mapiripán massacre as a clear case of close co-operation between the army and landowner - backed militias operating outside the law .
Uscátegui " did not make even the most minimal effort to try to confirm the extraordinary deeds " the three - judge panel of the Bogotá superior tribunal said in its 90 - page ruling , which was issued on Monday but not made public until yesterday .
The court found Uscátegui guilty of murder , kidnapping and falsifying public documents .
The former general insisted he was innocent and his lawyer said he would appeal the verdict to Colombia 's supreme court .
" I have the tranquillity of innocence and I also have the tranquillity of proof , " Uscátegui , 61 , said .
His lawyer , Edgar Saavedra , said Uscátegui would turn himself in as soon as he received the arrest order .
Another former army general , Rito Alejo del Río , is in jail pending trial in a civilian court on charges of murder for killings allegedly committed by rightwing death squads that prosecutors say worked closely with his forces during the mid-1990s in the turbulent Uraba region on the Caribbean coast .
Uscátegui was first arrested in 1999 and tried by a military court , which in 2001 sentenced him to 40 months in prison for the crime of " omission " .
The battalion commander who failed to halt the Mapiripán massacre , former colonel Hernán Orozco , was convicted of murder in 2007 and sentenced to 40 years in prison .
Ayn Rand and the World She Made , by Anne C. Heller ( Nan A. Talese , 592 pp. , $ 35 )
Goddess of the Market : Ayn Rand and the American Right , by Jennifer Burns ( Oxford , 384 pp. , $ 27.95 )
Ayn Rand ’s midcentury novels continue to strike a chord because they read as though culled from today ’s headlines .
Here , Rand ’s “ looters ” raid government coffers to bail out their poorly performing industries ; there , Rand ’s “ moochers ” demand that the “ producers ” pay for their health care .
More than a quarter - century since her death , and a half - century since Atlas Shrugged ’s publication , Random House has moved more than a quarter - million copies of the 1,168 - page tome in 2009 alone .
Rumors abound of Rand ’s magnum opus finally reaching the big screen , with Cherlize Theron and Angelina Jolie discussed as cinematic Dagny Taggarts .
The timing could n’t be better for reconsiderations of Rand .
The titles of two new biographies — Anne C. Heller ’s Ayn Rand and the World She Made and Jennifer Burns ’s Goddess of the Market : Ayn Rand and the American Right — imply a subject more deity than mortal .
The books describe a woman driven to greatness yet paralyzed by fear .
Where her acolytes see a god and her detractors a devil , Rand ’s biographers see a flawed person of massive achievement .
Like those of her creations Howard Roark and John Galt , Rand ’s life was the story of the inner- directed individual standing up against a recalcitrant world .
The Russian immigrant transcended a language barrier to become one of the most widely read novelists in the English language .
The outspoken right - winger triumphed in two politicized industries — publishing and Hollywood — where the deck seemed most stacked against her .
And despite being written out of the conservative movement , Rand became bigger than the movement popes who excommunicated her .
Alisa Rosenbaum did n’t become Ayn Rand without help .
Were it not for the rugged individualism at the heart of her philosophy of Objectivism , that would n’t be noteworthy , let alone controversial .
Both Burns and Heller take pains to highlight the friction between Rand ’s philosophy and her life .
Rand ’s family sacrificed enormously to get her out of post - revolutionary Russia ; in America , previously unknown Chicago relatives provided her room , board , and transportation to Hollywood .
Despite Rolls - Royce and mink - coat promises , Rand never paid her relatives back .
Numerous benefactors moved by her sorry state in 1920s Hollywood , including a donor directing $ 50 to the neediest girl in a boarding house for Tinseltown wannabes , aided her effort to become a studio scriptwriter .
Later , after marrying actor Frank O’Connor but not wanting to bear children , Rand got her in - laws to pay for an abortion .
The handouts aiding her climb would seem trivial if not for Rand ’s insistence that she made it from obscurity to fame without assistance .
“ No one helped me , ” Rand boasted in Atlas Shrugged ’s afterword , “ nor did I think it was anyone ’s duty to help me . ”
This contempt for self - sacrifice on behalf of another — a contempt at the heart of Objectivism — makes any biography depicting Rand as recipient or practitioner of altruism ( she would play benefactor after playing beneficiary ) controversial among her followers .
The inconvenient history serves to indict the practicality of a philosophy whose paragon could n’t even practice what she preached .
The Rand who emerges in Goddess of the Market and Ayn Rand and the World She Made , though , is less hypocrite than human .
Who can be faulted , really , for making life ’s journey without the occasional lift along the way ?
More troubling to Objectivists than the monetary debts Rand incurred is the intellectual debt she owed Isabel Paterson , the cranky right - wing novelist and longtime New York Herald - Tribune columnist , who took Rand under her wing during the 1940s .
“ The only philosophical debt I can acknowledge is to Aristotle , ” Rand wrote .
But Paterson taught Rand economics , contributed to the timelessness of The Fountainhead by convincing its author to delete references to contemporary figures like Hitler and Stalin , used her column to boost her friend ’s literary career , and , in vain , tried to shake Rand from her addiction to amphetamines .
“ As she began to educate herself about philosophy Rand turned to Paterson for a durable frame of reference , ” Burns writes .
“ In New York Paterson had ranted against Kant , Hegel , and Marx , quoting instead Aristotle and the dictum ‘ A is A , ’ ” a catchphrase later used incessantly by her pupil .
One wonders about the degree to which Paterson served as a negative role model , too , as the tempestuous older woman ’s penchant for issuing insults and being insulted herself perhaps gave Rand comfort as she indulged infamously in such socially maladaptive behavior .
Rand was as quick to whitewash the influence of mentors as she was to charge intellectual theft among those she mentored .
Rather than take pride in her growing influence , she denounced anarcho - libertarian Murray Rothbard and the founders of the Libertarian Party as plagiarists who had stolen her ideas .
Even students who launched Objectivist clubs , or spread the novelist ’s ideas through “ free university ” courses , were n’t safe from her lawyers or vituperative denunciations .
Rand ’s knack for eyeing would - be friends as enemies — Ludwig von Mises ( “ bastard ” ) , Friedrich Hayek ( “ our most pernicious enemy ” ) , Barry Goldwater ( “ not an advocate of capitalism ” ) , among others — ensured that the Church of Objectivism remained monotheistic .
The man most responsible for making the Objectivist movement adopt a cult of personality was Nathaniel Branden , so devoted to Objectivism that he incorporated Rand ’s last name into his own .
Libertarian moralizers , such as Branden , unconsciously adopted some of the uglier qualities of the extreme collectivists whom they railed against .
While purporting to be the antitheses of Hitler and Stalin , Objectivists conducted star - chamber trials , demanded that followers denounce relatives , and imitated Rand ’s aesthetic tastes ( smoking , Mickey Spillaine : good ; mustaches , Shakespeare : bad ) .
“ A slip of the tongue by an Objectivist who liked Alfred Hitchcock ’s Psycho or secretly did n’t like the paintings of one of her favorite . . . contemporary artists , Spanish surrealist Jose Menuel Capuletti , could bring accusations of mysticism , whim worship , malevolence , or an attitude of ‘ anti- life , ’ ” Heller notes .
In a similar vein , Burns points out : “ When Ayn and [ husband ]
Frank purchased a new piece of furniture , the Objectivist dining table became all the rage . ”
The causes of the fall of the Objectivist movement in the late 1960s , though now universally accepted , were for decades fiercely contested .
In 1954 , the 49 - year - old Rand and the 24 - year - old Branden embarked upon a sexual affair unknown to anyone save their spouses .
For the next 14 years , they maintained a May - December romance that varied in its sexual intensity .
In 1968 , frustrated by Rand ’s pressure to resume the relationship ’s sexual component , Branden revealed in a letter that he had been involved in an affair with a model who appeared the physical embodiment of the Nordic goddesses who peopled the pages of Atlas Shrugged and The Fountainhead .
The stocky creator of such leggy beauties could n’t bear Branden ’s rebuff .
“ Nathan ’s letter was a devastating rejection not only of Rand , but of the Objectivist philosophy itself , ” Burns writes .
“ Objectivism taught that sex was never physical ; it was always inspired by a deeper recognition of shared values , a sense that the other embodied the highest human achievement . ”
The personal rejection , then , was received as a rejection of Objectivism itself .
How could a man value a lighthearted twentysomething actress / model over the author of Atlas Shrugged ?
Hell hath no fury like a scorned Ayn Rand , who disinherited her “ intellectual heir , ” used her clout to kill his publishing deal , closed the Nathaniel Branden Institute devoted to spreading her ideas , and airbrushed her former evangelist / lover from the dedication page of Atlas Shrugged .
Objectivists , including Branden ’s relatives , had to foreswear contact with Branden if they desired to maintain a connection with Rand .
Most satisfying to the many Objectivists whom Branden had browbeaten over the years , Rand excommunicated her St. Paul by spittle of invective , slapping him and denouncing him publicly with vague charges of immorality .
Damning evidence that such cultishness endures appears in , of all places , the front and back matter of both biographies .
“ Because I am not an advocate for Rand ’s ideas , I was denied access to the Ayn Rand Papers , ” Heller concedes in her preface .
In a bibliographic essay , Burns , who was granted access to Rand ’s papers and who adopts a slightly more respectful tone toward Objectivism , echoes the disappointment of past biographers in finding bowdlerized passages in Rand ’s published papers .
Burns explains that “ the published versions of Rand ’s letters and diaries have been significantly edited in ways that drastically reduce their utility as historical sources . ”
Burns ’s access to Rand ’s papers is one of the few distinctions between her biography and Heller ’s .
As Rand did , Heller understands that sex sells , and she devotes more attention to the Rand - Branden affair , while Burns emphasizes Rand ’s interaction with various figures on the American Right .
Reading either book is worthwhile and engrossing .
Reading both is redundant .
Strawmen and superheroes are the stuff of novels .
Real life is messy , complicated , and inconsistent .
The characters of The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged are one - dimensional , Manichean , and nominally human .
Their creator was none of these .
Readers of Ayn Rand ’s biographies can be grateful for that .
National Resistance Front Against the Coup :
The elections will not be recognised , the struggle continues
November 9 , 2009 -- The National Resistance Front Against the Coup declares to the Honduran people and the international community :
1 . Since the midnight deadline of Thursday November 5th passed without the restoration of legitimate president Manual Zelaya , we declare we will actively not recognise the electoral process of November 29 of this year .
Elections which are imposed by a de facto regime that represses and violates the human and political rights of the citizenry would only validate nationally and internationally the oligarchic dictatorship and secure the continuation of a system which marginalises and exploits popular sectors in order to guarantee the privileges of a few .
Participation in such a process would give legitimacy to the coup regime and to its successor which would be fraudulently installed on January 27 , 2010 .
2 . The refusal to acknowledge the electoral farce will remain firm between now and the elections even if President Manuel Zelaya is reinstated .
A period of 20 days is too little time to dismantle an electoral fraud conceived to ensure that one of the representatives of the coup - making oligarchy will be put in place and therefore give continuity to its repressive and anti-democratic project .
The prior statement does not mean that we have renounced our fundamental demand that constitutional order be returned to Honduras , including the return of President Zelaya to the position he was elected to fill for four years by the Honduran people .
3 . Now more than ever it is clear that the exercise of participatory democracy through the installation of a Constituent Assembly is not just a non-negotiable right but also the only way to provide the Honduran people with a democratic and inclusive political system .
4 . We denounce the complicit attitude of the US government , maneuvering to stall the crisis and now showing its true intention to give validity to the coup regime , thereby ensuring that the successor government will be docile in the face of the interests of transnational companies and their goal of regional control .
Therefore , we consider correct the decision made by President Zelaya to declare the failure of the Tegucigalpa Agreement , an agreement which is part of the US strategy to stall Zelaya 's restoration in order to validate the electoral process .
5 . We call on all organisations and candidates in the November 29 elections to act in accordance with previously stated commitments and publicly pull out of the electoral farce .
6 . We call together the mobilised and as yet unorganised sectors of the population to join actions which reject the electoral farce and promote acts of civil disobedience , as supported by Article 3 of the Constitution of the Republic , which gives us the right to disobedience and popular insurrection .
7 . To the friendly nations and peoples of the world , we call on you to maintain political pressure to overthrow the military dictatorship imposed by oligarchy and imperialism , as well as commit to recognise neither the illegitimate elections of November 29 nor the spurious authorities who seek to pass as representatives elected by the people .
" We resist and we will win . "
Tegucigalpa November 9 , 2009
President Zelaya explains to Democracy Now ! why the accord failed
November 9 , 2009 -- Democracy Now !
AMY GOODMAN : Well , for the latest news , we now go to the Brazilian embassy in Tegucigalpa .
We are joined by the ousted President Manuel Zelaya , who has been holed up there for weeks .
President Zelaya , is the deal dead ?
PRESIDENT MANUEL ZELAYA : [ translated ]
The accord has twelve points , and we had an agreement with Secretary Hillary Clinton , as well as President Obama , to move forward on that unified accord .
In this sense , it is not as — it was explained by Assistant Secretary Tom Shannon and that it , the accord , goes step by step .
It is an accord that needs to be seen in its entirety .
We did not sign twelve accords ; we signed one accord , and the main point of that is the restitution of the president of Honduras .
If this reinstatement does not happen , then the accord fails .
The accord had a deadline of November the 5th for the installation of the government of reconciliation and unity .
Mr. Micheletti proceeded to go ahead with the accord , installing that new government without me .
And when he did this , we then declared that the accord is completely null and void .
It is a dead letter .
AMY GOODMAN : President Micheletti , the coup leader , says he will form a national unity government without you .
Your response , President Zelaya ?
ANDRÉS CONTERIS :
The last part of the question , Amy , please ?
AMY GOODMAN : What is your response to Micheletti saying he will form a national unity government without you , President Zelaya ?
PRESIDENT MANUEL ZELAYA : [ translated ]
He can form as many governments as he wants , since that is exactly what he did on the 28th of June by force and by violence .
Those governments who do that are completely illegal , and that is the basis of the coup d’état .
AMY GOODMAN : President Zelaya , what do you feel the US government , President Obama , Secretary of State Clinton , should do now ?
PRESIDENT MANUEL ZELAYA : [ translated ]
According to recent statements from the US government , I believe that President Obama has been weakened as a result of this process in the accord .
And this government is basically very , very weakened in facing this coup d’état regime , and they are weak - kneed .
The government of President Obama has been weakened in the face of the dictatorship itself here in Honduras .
The people of Honduras have not been weakened , and nor have I , but the government of the United States , yes , has been weakened .
AMY GOODMAN : We have ten seconds .
What would bring you , your side , back to the negotiating table ?
PRESIDENT MANUEL ZELAYA : [ translated ]
After four months , I can not go back to negotiation with the coup regime at all .
AMY GOODMAN : Five seconds .
Translate ?
PRESIDENT MANUEL ZELAYA : [ translated ]
This is now in the hands of the OAS , and they can file the charter of the OAS , or they can make it — [ no audio ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement US
President Barack Obama has paid his respects to 18 Americans killed in Afghanistan , the first time he has honoured the fallen in this way .
The bodies of 15 US soldiers and three Drug Enforcement Agency agents were transferred to a mortuary on the base .
The president also met their families privately .
His predecessor , George W Bush , visited the families of dead troops but never received the bodies at the base , in Dover , Delaware .
Mr Bush also did not go to military funerals , telling the military newspaper Stars and Stripes three years ago that he preferred to meet families privately .
Mr Obama , who was wearing a dark coat , was taken to the base , 100 miles ( 161 km ) from the White House , by the Marine One helicopter to greet the C - 17 aircraft that had brought back the dead .
He boarded the plane and watched as a military chaplain prayed for those who had passed away .
' Salute '
There has been a ban on the media attending such events for 18 years , but this was lifted earlier this year for transfers when families involved give permission .
A small group of reporters were allowed to watch the final transfer , of Sgt Dale R Griffin , from the plane to the van which would take it to the mortuary .
Mr Obama saluted as the flag - draped case was moved .
The president went on board the plane which carried the bodies back
The returned remains were of troops killed this week in three separate incidents .
On Monday , 10 , including the three drug enforcement agents , died when a US military helicopter crashed in western Afghanistan .
Four more US troops died when two helicopters crashed over southern Afghanistan .
The remaining eight soldiers were killed on Tuesday in roadside bomb attacks in Kandahar province .
It has been the bloodiest month so far in the past eight years for US troops in Afghanistan - with at least 53 killed .
On Monday , Mr Obama told troops at a Florida naval base he would not rush any decision about boosting the number of troops in Afghanistan .
He said he would not risk their lives unless it was " absolutely necessary " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Manton Law Firm , LLC is a personal injury and civil litigation law firm in Cumming , GA founded by an attorney who has won more than $ 50 million for his clients .
In addition , Attorney Jason R. Manton has been awarded and recognized numerous times for his exceptional representation .
​​ ​Located in Cumming , Georgia , our firm takes personal injury and car accident cases in Forsyth County and throughout Georgia .
Our experience and commitment enables us to proactively pursue the outcomes our clients need , no matter how complex their case may be .
You can trust our experienced personal injury lawyers to represent you with knowledge and persistence .
The sooner you get us on your side , the better your chances of a successfully resolved case .
Talks between Intel and ultra-Orthodox Jews broke down earlier this week
Ultra-Orthodox Jews in Jerusalem have protested outside the offices of the US firm , Intel , against the plant operating on the Jewish day of rest .
The demonstrators chanted " Shabbes ! Shabbes ! " , the Yiddish word for Sabbath when Jews are forbidden to work .
Intel , the world 's biggest maker of computer chips , ringed its offices with barbed wire before the protest .
There were no reports of violence .
Ultra-Orthodox
Jews have recently held a series of such protests in Israel .
More than 1,000 people took part in Saturday 's rally .
It was staged after talks between Intel and Jerusalem 's ultra-Orthodox Jewish community broke down earlier this week .
Intel has been operating on Saturdays for years - and the company defends the policy .
" We have always worked according to the company 's needs .
If the needs call for it , we work on the Sabbath as well , " Intel Israel spokesman Kobi Becker told Israel 's
Ynet website .
Israel 's ultra-Orthodox Jews have become increasingly active in recent months in their attempts to enforce a Saturday work ban .
They have held regular protests against the opening of a Jerusalem car park on the Jewish Sabbath .
The warlords we champion in Afghanistan are as venal , as opposed to the rights of women and basic democratic freedoms , and as heavily involved in opium trafficking as the Taliban .
The moral lines we draw between us and our adversaries are fictional .
The uplifting narratives used to justify the war in Afghanistan are pathetic attempts to redeem acts of senseless brutality .
War can not be waged to instill any virtue , including democracy or the liberation of women .
War always empowers those who have a penchant for violence and access to weapons .
War turns the moral order upside down and abolishes all discussions of human rights .
War banishes the just and the decent to the margins of society .
And the weapons of war do not separate the innocent and the damned .
An aerial drone is our version of an improvised explosive device .
An iron fragmentation bomb is our answer to a suicide bomb .
A burst from a belt - fed machine gun causes the same terror and bloodshed among civilians no matter who pulls the trigger .
“ We need to tear the mask off of the fundamentalist warlords who after the tragedy of 9/11 replaced the Taliban , ” Malalai Joya , who was expelled from the Afghan parliament two years ago for denouncing government corruption and the Western occupation , told me during her visit to New York last week .
“ They used the mask of democracy to take power .
They continue this deception .
These warlords are mentally the same as the Taliban .
The only change is physical .
These warlords during the civil war in Afghanistan from 1992 to 1996 killed 65,000 innocent people .
They have committed human rights violations , like the Taliban , against women and many others . ”
“ In eight years less than 2,000 Talib have been killed and more than 8,000 innocent civilians has been killed , ” she went on .
“ We believe that this is not war on terror .
This is war on innocent civilians .
Look at the massacres carried out by NATO forces in Afghanistan .
Look what they did in May in the Farah province , where more than 150 civilians were killed , most of them women and children .
They used white phosphorus and cluster bombs .
There were 200 civilians on 9th of September killed in the Kunduz province , again most of them women and children .
You can see the Web site of professor Marc Herold , this democratic man , to know better the war crimes in Afghanistan imposed on our people .
The United States and NATO eight years ago occupied my country under the banner of woman ’s rights and democracy .
But they have only pushed us from the frying pan into the fire .
They put into power men who are photocopies of the Taliban . ”
Afghanistan ’s boom in the trade in opium , used to produce heroin , over the past eight years of occupation has funneled hundreds of millions of dollars to the Taliban , al - Qaida , local warlords , criminal gangs , kidnappers , private armies , drug traffickers and many of the senior figures in the government of Hamid Karzai .
The New York Times reported that the brother of President Karzai , Ahmed Wali Karzai , has been collecting money from the CIA although he is a major player in the illegal opium business .
Afghanistan produces 92 percent of the world ’s opium in a trade that is worth some $ 65 billion , the United Nations estimates .
This opium feeds some 15 million addicts worldwide and kills around 100,000 people annually .
These fatalities should be added to the rolls of war dead .
Antonio Maria Costa , executive director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) , said that the drug trade has permitted the Taliban to thrive and expand despite the presence of 100,000 NATO troops .
“ The Taliban ’s direct involvement in the opium trade allows them to fund a war machine that is becoming technologically more complex and increasingly widespread , ” said Costa .
The UNODC estimates the Taliban earned $ 90 million to $ 160 million a year from taxing the production and smuggling of opium and heroin between 2005 and 2009 , as much as double the amount it earned annually while it was in power nearly a decade ago .
And Costa described the Afghan - Pakistani border as “ the world ’s largest free trade zone in anything and everything that is illicit , ” an area blighted by drugs , weapons and illegal immigration .
The “ perfect storm of drugs and terrorism ” may be on the move along drug trafficking routes through Central Asia , he warned .
Profits made from opium are being pumped into militant groups in Central Asia and “ a big part of the region could be engulfed in large - scale terrorism , endangering its massive energy resources , ” Costa said .
“ Afghanistan , after eight years of occupation , has become a world center for drugs , ” Joya told me .
“ The drug lords are the only ones with power .
How can you expect these people to stop the planting of opium and halt the drug trade ?
How is it that the Taliban when they were in power destroyed the opium production and a superpower not only cannot destroy the opium production but allows it to increase ?
And while all this goes on , those who support the war talk to you about women ’s rights .
We do not have human rights now in most provinces .
It is as easy to kill a woman in my country as it is to kill a bird .
In some big cities like Kabul , some women have access to jobs and education , but in most of the country the situation for women is hell .
Rape , kidnapping and domestic violence are increasing .
These fundamentalists during the so - called free elections made a misogynist law against Shia women in Afghanistan .
This law has even been signed by Hamid Karzai .
All these crimes are happening under the name of democracy .
” Thousands of Afghan civilians have died from insurgent and foreign military violence .
And American and NATO forces are responsible for almost half the civilian deaths in Afghanistan .
Tens of thousands of Afghan civilians have also died from displacement , starvation , disease , exposure , lack of medical treatment , crime and lawlessness resulting from the war .
Joya argues that Karzai and his rival Abdullah Abdullah , who has withdrawn from the Nov. 7 runoff election , will do nothing to halt the transformation of Afghanistan into a narco - state .
She said that NATO , by choosing sides in a battle between two corrupt and brutal opponents , has lost all its legitimacy in the country .
The recent resignation of a high - level U.S. diplomat in Afghanistan , Matthew Hoh , was in part tied to the drug problem .
Hoh wrote in his resignation letter that Karzi ’s government is filled with “ glaring corruption and unabashed graft . ”
Karzi , he wrote , is a president “ whose confidants and chief advisers comprise drug lords and war crimes villains who mock our own rule of law and counter - narcotics effort . ”
Joya said , “ Where do you think the $ 36 billion of money poured into country by the international community have gone ?
This money went into the pockets of the drug lords and the warlords .
There are 18 million people in Afghanistan who live on less than $ 2 a day while these warlords get rich .
The Taliban and warlords together contribute to this fascism while the occupation forces are bombing and killing innocent civilians .
When we do not have security how can we even talk about human rights or women ’s rights ? ”
“ This election under the shade of Afghan war - lordism , drug - lordism , corruption and occupation forces has no legitimacy at all , ” she said .
“ The result will be like the same donkey but with new saddles .
It is not important who is voting .
It is important who is counting .
And this is our problem .
Many of those who go with the Taliban do not support the Taliban , but they are fed up with these warlords and this injustice , and they go with the Taliban to take revenge .
I do not agree with them , but I understand them .
Most of my people are against the Taliban and the warlords , which is why millions did not take part in this tragic drama of an election . ”
“ The U.S. wastes taxpayers ’ money and the blood of their soldiers by supporting such a mafia corrupt system of Hamid Karzai , ” said Joya , who changes houses in Kabul frequently because of the numerous death threats made against her .
“ Eight years is long enough to learn about Karzai and Abdullah .
They chained my country to the center of drugs .
If Obama was really honest he would support the democratic - minded people of my country .
We have a lot [ of those people ] .
But he does not support the democratic - minded people of my country .
He is going to start war in Pakistan by attacking in the border area of Pakistan .
More civilians have been killed in the Obama period than even during the criminal Bush . ”
“ My people are sandwiched between two powerful enemies , ” she lamented .
“ The occupation forces from the sky bomb and kill innocent civilians .
On the ground , Taliban and these warlords deliver fascism .
As NATO kills more civilians , the resistance to the foreign troops increases .
If the U.S. government and NATO do not leave voluntarily , my people will give to them the same lesson they gave to Russia and to the English who three times tried to occupy Afghanistan .
It is easier for us to fight against one enemy rather than two . ”
Chris Hedges , whose column is published on Truthdig every Monday , spent two decades as a foreign reporter covering wars in Latin America , Africa , Europe and the Middle East .
He has written nine books , including “ Empire of Illusion : The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle ” ( 2009 ) and “ War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning ” ( 2003 ) .
New York Lieutenant Governor Richard Ravitch made a statement last week that should have gotten headlines , but did n't .
“ I believe that the states across the United States will face deficits a year after stimulus ends of $ 300 billion to $ 500 billion a year , ” Ravitch told about 200 people gathered at New York University ’s Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service .
“ You ’re going to begin to see cracks in the municipal bond market well before then , because that ’s an inexorable casualty of unfundable state deficits . ”
To put this into perspective , the total state budgets for 2010 was about $ 1.4 Trillion .
If his predictions are anywhere close to being true then the budget problems of the states are essentially unfixable .
“ These are numbers that are unprecedented , ” Ravitch said , adding that the current recession is unlike any in the nation ’s history , with unemployment continuing to rise , “ banks are falling like autumn leaves , and nobody is projecting any significant growth in 2010 . ”
The condition of state and local budgets are in their worst shape since the Great Depression , and if the economy does n't turn around quicker than the mainstream believes , we are going to see defaults that will shake the economy to its foundation .
Only four months into the 2010 fiscal year , 26 states already have deficit problems totaling $ 16 Billion .
This is after the states had to close $ 178 Billion of budget gaps this past summer .
Only 22 states had budgets deficits of less than 20 % of their total budgets .
At least 9 states are projected deficits for 2011 of at least 20 % , and those are often optimistic projections .
All the easy cuts have been made .
Any new cuts will mean sawing into bone .
The states have mostly closed the budget gaps through borrowing , and for now the market has responded well with strong demand .
However , lately the sheer volume of supply in the three trillion dollar market is starting to drive up yields .
State and local government bonds have dropped almost 2 percent since Sept. 30 , based on Merrill Lynch & Co. ’s Municipal Master Index , which lost a record 5.1 percent in September 2008 .
At least four states -- Washington , Hawaii , Maryland and Minnesota -- have postponed or scaled back refinancing plans this month as benchmark borrowing costs rose the most since January as measured by the weekly Bond Buyer 20 index .
It used to be that the state and local governments did n't have to worry too much about yields .
Just a few years ago they sold through the monolines .
These insurance companies would back the municipal bonds with their AAA ratings for a small fee .
The monolines got their cut .
The local governments sold their debt at low interest rates .
Everyone was happy .
So what happened ?
The monolines got greedy .
They were n't satisfied with their steady profits from the current business model .
They wanted a piece of the subprime action .
They started backing subprime mortgage - backed securities .
When the mortgages blew up , the monolines were forced to pay out larger and larger amounts on those losses .
Eventually the monolines lost their AAA ratings , and now they no longer have a sustainable business model .
Since the insured municipal bond model has blown up the muni bond market has gotten much more volatile .
In February the muni auction - rate bond market completely collapsed .
This happened less than a month after monoline insurer Ambac was downgraded , along with all the bonds it insured .
From 1984 through 2006 , only 13 auctions failed , typically because of changes in the credit of the borrower , according to Moody 's Investors Service .
There were 31 failures in the second half of 2007 , and 32 during a two - week period beginning in January .
That compares with more than 480 failures yesterday alone , according to figures compiled by Deutsche Bank AG , Wilmington Trust Corp. and Bank of New York Mellon Corp .
Economist and author Frederick J. Sheehan recently wrote an article about the municipal bond market , and he did n't mince words .
The municipal market will probably repeat the pattern of the sub - prime collapse .
...
Some reasons for municipal collapse : First , losses on investments will require much higher pension contributions .
Estimates vary but some states and towns will need to increase their contribution by 50 % or even 100 % start ing in 2010 or 2011 .
Second , spending has exploded .
In New York City , the average compensation for full - time worker rose from $ 65,401 in 2000 to $ 106,743 - a 63 % increase ...
Third , accounting gimmicks are near an end .
To meet booming expenses , many municipalities have engaged in questionable practices , such as selling property to meet current expenses ...
Fourth , disclosure to municipal bondholders has been poor .
Financial disclosure for municipal financing is not well enforced ...
Even during the relatively good bubble years of pre-2007 the states and local governments spent more than they took in with taxes .
Most people assume that muni bonds are safe from default .
That 's not true .
Between 1970 and 2000 there were only 18 defaults on rated muni bonds .
For instance , Cleveland in 1978 and New York a few years earlier .
However , there were over 1,300 defaults on un-rated muni bonds during the same period .
Since the Great Depression is the comparison here , let 's look at an example .
In 1933 , the Iowa Supreme Court ruled the City of Dubuque was
required to meet its bond commitments .
Kevin A. Kordana , a University of Virginia Law School professor , has written : “ [ T ] axpayers promptly replaced the Iowa Supreme Court justices with ‘ judges already committed to their anti-bond - holder viewpoint . ’” 24 A tangle in the federal courts followed which would require more
explanation than it is worth , but a headlinefrom the New York Times probably says all one needs to know about human tendencies in time of woe : “ Iowa Farmers Abduct Judge From Court ; Beat Him and Put Rope Around His Neck . ”
In 1935 there were at least 3,252 municipal issues in default .
It 's worth noting that the bottom of the Great Depression was in 1933 .
LIMA , Nov 23 ( Reuters ) - Members of Peru's Shining Path insurgency will form a political party and field candidates for the 2011 general elections , lawyers for the Maoist group 's jailed founder said on Monday in a move the government may try to block .
The filing with election authorities is part of a broader push by lawyers for Abimael Guzman to put pressure on the government to adopt an amnesty program for atrocities committed by Peru 's army and the rebels during a vicious civil war that killed 69,000 people in the 1980s and 1990s .
" We are going to participate in the political life of the country as a movement at the national level and also in elections -- be they general , regional or municipal , " said Alfredo Crespo , one of the lawyers for Guzman , who is serving a life sentence .
" We think that in our country there should be general amnesty for political prisoners and social fighters . "
Crespo said the new party , called the " Movement for Amnesty and Fundamental Rights , " could field its own candidates or support those from other leftist parties .
The lawyers , who insist the Shining Path was fighting a just war , say Guzman should be freed from prison because many former military officers who massacred suspected leftists were never put on trial .
The government says it cannot grant amnesty to a group that sought to impose change by starting a war in 1980 instead of participating in democratic elections .
Manuel Fajardo , another lawyer for Guzman , said the new party may try to form coalitions .
" We do n't rule out alliances .
We are very interested , for example , in the movement of Father Arana , " he said , referring to Marco Arana , a progressive Roman Catholic priest with political ambitions .
Although public opinion is overwhelmingly against the Shining Path , Guzman has encouraged his followers , many of whom were once jailed , to participate in elections as voters or candidates .
President Alan Garcia cannot run again for the presidency in 2011 and candidates from the left and right are already starting to jockey for position .
Opinion polls show one of the front - runners is Keiko Fujimori , a right - wing lawmaker whose father , former President Alberto Fujimori , is in jail for human rights crimes committed when he was battling the Shining Path .
( Reporting by Terry Wade ; Editing by John O'Callaghan )
Car Accident Attorney Scott M. Miller
Personal injury lawyer in Longwood & Orlando , Florida , fighting for the rights of injury victims
A car accident caused by an act of negligence in central Florida can quickly spiral into a complex legal matter .
If someone caused an accident that injured you or resulted in injury or the death of a loved one , you ca n’t afford to wait and see what happens .
You need to take aggressive action to protect your rights .
You need a Longwood , FL car accident attorney at the Law Offices of Scott M. Miller , PLLC on your side , fighting for your rights .
Located in Longwood and serving injury victims throughout both Longwood and Orlando , Florida , personal injury attorney Scott Miller has years of experience handling some of the most demanding car accidents in the state .
He worked as a lawyer in Chicago for five years before moving to the Greater Orlando area and starting his own practice .
His work as an attorney in major metropolitan cities has provided him with a wealth of experience .
That ’s why so many people from Kissimmee to Daytona Beach rely on personal injury attorney Miller to handle their case .
He has the knowledge and experience to successfully handle car accidents involving severe injury or wrongful death .
Last week Johan posted his thoughts from an server / HPC standpoint on AMD 's roadmap .
Much of my analysis was limited to desktop / mobile , so if you 're making million dollar server decisions then his article is better suited for your needs .
He also unveiled a couple of details about AMD 's Bulldozer architecture that I thought I 'd call out in greater detail .
Johan has been working on a CMP vs. SMT article so I 'll try to not step on his toes too much here .
It all started about two weeks ago when I got a request from AMD to have a quick conference call about Bulldozer .
I get these sorts of calls for one of two reasons .
Either :
1 ) I did something wrong , or
2 ) Intel did something wrong .
This time it was the former .
I hate when it 's the former .
It 's called a Module
This is the Bulldozer building block , what AMD is calling a Bulldozer Module :
AMD refers to the module as being two tightly coupled cores , which starts the path of confusing terminology .
A few of you wondered how AMD was going to be counting cores in the Bulldozer era ; I took your question to AMD via email :
Also , just to confirm , when your roadmap refers to 4 bulldozer cores that is four of these cores : http://images.anandtech.com/reviews/cpu/amd/FAD2009/2/bulldozer.jpg
Or does each one of those cores count as two ?
I think it 's the former but I just wanted to confirm .
AMD responded :
Anand ,
Think of each twin Integer core Bulldozer module as a single unit , so correct .
I took that to mean that my assumption was correct and 4 Bulldozer cores meant 4 Bulldozer modules .
It turns out there was a miscommunication and I was wrong .
Sorry about that :)
Inside the Bulldozer Module
There are two independent integer cores on a single Bulldozer module .
Each one has its own L1 instruction and data cache ( thanks Johan ) , as well as scheduling / reordering logic .
AMD is also careful to mention that the integer throughput of one of these integer cores is greater than that of the Phenom II 's integer units .
Intel 's Core architecture uses a unified scheduler fielding all instructions , whether integer or floating point .
AMD 's architecture uses independent integer and floating point schedulers .
While Bulldozer doubles up on the integer schedulers , there 's only a single floating point scheduler in the design .
Behind the FP scheduler are two 128 - bit wide FMACs .
AMD says that each thread dispatched to the core can take one of the 128 - bit FMACs or , if one thread is purely integer , the other can use all of the FP execution resources to itself .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Spain 's parliament approved a law narrowing the scope of a cross - border justice doctrine that had allowed judges to indict people such as Augusto Pinochet and Osama bin Laden .
The existing legislation allowed judges such as Baltasar Garzón to prosecute serious crimes committed in other countries even if there was no link to Spain .
The practice had irked some countries that had been targeted in investigations by Spanish magistrates , particularly Israel and China , and led to accusations that Spain was behaving like a global policeman .
Under the reformed version of the law , cases can now be undertaken only if the alleged crime involved Spanish victims or the alleged perpetrators are in Spain .
The bill was passed by the congress of deputies , or lower house , in June and then went to the senate , which made minor amendments .
The lower chamber approved the bill today .
The 350 - member chamber voted 319 in favour and five against , with three abstentions .
Spain 's ruling Socialists and the opposition conservatives laid the groundwork for the law in May – a rare show of unity among two parties at each other 's throats on just about everything else .
But the law is not retroactive , meaning the dozen or so cases currently being investigated will proceed .
These include investigations into alleged Chinese abuses in Tibet , an Israeli air force attack in Gaza that killed 14 civilians , and alleged torture by the US of terror suspects at the Guantánamo Bay prison camp .
Garzón had Pinochet , the late Chilean dictator , arrested in London in 1998 when he was 83 and tried to have him extradited to Madrid to face charges over torture and other abuses during his regime , from 1973 to 1990 .
Britain put him under house arrest but ultimately declined to hand him over , citing Pinochet 's poor health .
Garzón indicted Bin Laden in 2003 over the September 11 2001 terror attacks in the United States .
「 Webフォント 」 （Web Fonts）という技術をご存じだろうか ？ Webフォントは、クライアントにインストールされていないフォントをWebページで自由に使えるようにする技術だ。従来、好みのフォントを使った文字をWebページで表示するには、あらかじめ文字を画像化しておくしかなかったが、Webフォントなら使用したいフォントファイルをサーバーにアップロードし、CSSで読み込ませるだけで利用できる。
Webフォントのメリットは、画像を利用する場合と比較すると分かりやすい。
Webフォントの場合 画像の場合 テキストの編集 テキストエディタで編集 画像編集ツールで編集 SEO 効果の見込み 高い 低い ファイルサイズ 小さい 大きい テキストのコピー できる できない アンチエイリアス フォントに依存 編集でき る
Webフォントは 、Internet Explorer（IE）4以上、Firefox3.5以上、Safari3.1以上、Opera10以上と、2009年10月現在、すでに主要なブラウザーに実装されている。とはいっても、IEとIE以外のモダンブラウザーではサポートするフォントのフォーマットに違いがあるため、実際に利用するにはちょっとしたテクニックが必要だ。そこで本稿では、Webフォントをクロスブラウザー環境で利用する具体的な方法について解説しよう。
Webフォント実装5ステップ STEP.1：フォントをダウンロードする
STEP.2：フォントを読み込む（Firefox/Safari/Opera編）
STEP.3：EOT ファイルを作る
STEP.4：IEにフォントを読み込ませる
STEP.5：クロスブラウザーに対応させる
STEP.1：フォントをダウンロードする
今回は 、Webフォントの簡単なテストとしてフリーフォント「まきば」を使ったWebページを作成してみよう。「まきば」は、ふい氏が作成・配布している手書き風の日本語フォントだ。はじめに、作者のWebサイトを開き、フォントファイルをダウンロードする。
ダウンロードが済んだらファイルを解凍し、「まきば」フォント本体（MakibaFont13.ttf）を任意のフォルダにコピーする。今回はテストなので、このあと作成するCSSと同じフォルダに入れておくといい。
At my school in the 1970s there were three types of people .
First were the artists : the ones who listened to John Peel and watched subtitled films .
Then there were the footballers .
These were usually un-academic ( to put it mildly ) , imperious on the pitch , but amiable and amusing off it .
Third , there were the nerds : the ones who were good at maths .
Being inarticulate and incomprehensible , they understood the inarticulate and incomprehensible maths teacher .
In maths lessons , they talked to each other in hateful , excited whispers , then they 'd put their arms around their work so the artists and footballers could n't copy .
By the sixth form , the footballers had fallen by the wayside .
With a fascinating magnanimity , they 'd all accepted the line peddled even by the games teacher himself : that football was only a diversion from the serious business of life .
The maths lot , meanwhile , had retreated into a sort of ghetto of their own , or had left school altogether in order to go to the tech college , perhaps to study the nascent discipline of computer sciences .
It was the artists who had won out .
They had the longest hair and the best jokes ; and whereas the footballers had had the first girlfriends , the artists now had the most glamorous ones .
Above all , the artists were the types most likely to know about or indeed perform rock music .
This was the shorthand for all creativity , and creativity was where it was at .
There was a reverence for the process whereby a song , book or film might be manifested where none had existed before .
Well , that was then .
The story of my adult years has been the ascent of the footballers and the nerds and the eclipse of the artists .
To take the footballers first .
If , in the 1970s , you 'd proposed a satire in which football would make up 80 % of the recreational conversation of 80 % of the male population , you would have been dismissed as over - imaginative .
Today , you would be dismissed as insufficiently imaginative .
But the hubris of the muddied oafs – the banishment of the term " dug- out " in favour of the ludicrous " technical area " , for instance – can just about be dismissed as the pomposity of the arriviste .
The rise of the nerd is more sinister , since it has occurred at the direct expense of the artist .
I first saw this while working in the newspaper offices of the mid-1980s .
A hack 's computer would break down , and he would humbly ask the man from the computer department if he might possibly come and look at it .
The computer man would come – a pallid figure in terrible grey , plastic shoes – and he would fix the machine with contemptuous ease , perhaps deigning to mutter as he departed , " If that happens again do control X , OK ?
I 'm too busy to come up again . "
Too busy doing what , I used to wonder .
The answer was that he and his brethren were plotting a future in which all writers and musicians would be at the mercy of the mathematicians and the electronic and numerological world they have created .
Art is now content .
It merely embellishes a " platform " of the kind I struggle to read about in the media pages which are now indistinguishable from the technology pages .
My son boasts that he has 2,000 songs on his iPod .
The question of what they are is less important to him , not least because he does n't know himself .
Content can be , and is , downloaded – meaning " stolen " – at will , and the mathematicians have appropriated a sinister strain of vacuous hippydom in order to justify this theft as a function of individual freedom .
Accordingly , it will take the slyest sort of politician , creeping circuitously in suede shoes , to corral the " file - sharers " .
Fortunately , we have the right man on the job : Lord Mandelson .
I assume he was one of the artists at school – his dress sense suggests this to me .
Sorry to be so partisan , but this is a war .
Which side are you on ?
WASHINGTON ( IPS ) —
The revelation by the New York Times Wednesday that Ahmed Wali Karzai , the brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , has long been on the payroll of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency is only the tip of a much bigger iceberg of heavy dependence by U.S. and NATO counterinsurgency forces on Afghan warlords for security , according to a recently published report and investigations by Australian and Canadian journalists .
U.S. and other NATO military contingents operating in the provinces of Afghanistan ’s predominantly Pashtun south and east have been hiring private militias controlled by Afghan warlords , according to these sources , to provide security for their forward operating bases and other bases and to guard convoys .
Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal has acknowledged that U.S. and NATO ties with warlords have been a cause of popular Afghan alienation from foreign military forces .
But the policy is not likely to be reversed anytime soon , because U.S. and NATO officials still have no alternative to the security services the warlords provide .
A report published by the Center on International Cooperation at New York University in September notes that U.S. and NATO contingents have frequently hired security providers that are covertly owned by warlords who have “ ready - made ” private militias which compete with state institutions for power .
The report cites examples of major warlords or their relatives or allies who have been contracted for security services in four provinces .
In Uruzgan province , both U.S. and Australian Special Forces have contracted with a private army commanded by Col. Matiullah Khan , called Kandak Amniante Uruzgan , with 2,000 armed men , to provide security services on which their bases there depend .
That case was reported in detail in April 2008 by two reporters for The Australian , Mark Dodd and Jeremy Kelly .
Col .
Khan ’s security force protects NATO ’s International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) convoys on the main road from Kandahar to Tarin Kowt , where more than 1,000 Australian troops are based at Camp Holland , according to the The Australian in April 2008 .
Col .
Khan gets 340,000 dollars per month — nearly 4.1 million dollars annually — for getting two convoys from Kandahar to Tarin Kowt safely each month .
Khan , now police chief in Uruzgan province , evidently got his private army from his uncle Jan Mohammad Khan , a commander who helped defeat the Taliban in Kandahar in 2001 and was then rewarded by President Karzai by being named governor of Uruzgan in 2002 .
The Australian Defence Force claimed to The Australian that Col. Khan is paid by the Afghan Ministry of Interior to provide security on the main highways of Uruzgan province .
The Australian military had previously refused to confirm or deny Australian payments to Col. Khan .
CanWest News Service ’s Mike Blanchfield and Andrew Mayeda reported in November 2007 that the Canadian military had hired a “ General Gulalai ” to provide security for an undisclosed forward operating base .
Gulalai is a warlord in southern Afghanistan who drove the Taliban out of Kandahar in 2001 .
The same reporters revealed that Col. Haji Toorjan , a local warlord allied with Kandahar governor and major warlord Gul Agha Sherzai , was hired to provide security for Camp Nathan Smith in Kandahar City , where Canada ’s provincial construction team is located .
Blanchfeld and Mayeda found that the Canadian military had given 29 contracts worth 1.14 million dollars to a company identified as “ Sherzai ” , suggesting strongly that the former governor of Kandahar , who had become governor of Nangarhar province , was the owner .
The Canadian military refused to confirm whether Gul Agha Sherzai is indeed the owner .
In Badakhshan province , Gen. Nazri Mahmed , a warlord who is said to “ control a significant portion of the province ’s lucrative opium industry ” , has the contract to provide security for the German Provincial Reconstruction Team , according to the NYU report .
The report suggests that the U.S. and NATO contingents are spending hundreds of millions of dollars annually on contracts with Afghan security providers , most of which are local power brokers guilty of human rights abuses .
In addition to Ahmed Wali Karzai , it names Hashmat Karzai , another brother of President Karzai , and Hamid Wardak , the son of Defence Minister Rahim Wardak , as powerful figures who control private security firms that have gotten security contracts without registering with the government .
Two anonymous United Nations sources cited in the report estimate that 1,000 to 1,500 unregistered armed security groups have been “ employed , trained , and armed by ISAF ” and “ Coalition Forces ” for security services .
As many as 120,000 armed individuals are estimated by the U.N. sources to belong to about 5,000 private militias in Afghanistan .
Most Afghan warlords are widely reviled , mainly because the private armies they continue to control carry out theft and violence against civilians without any accountability .
In his initial assessment last August , Gen. McChrystal referred to “ public anger and alienation ” toward ISAF , of which he is commander , as a result of the perception that ISAF is “ complicit ” in “ widespread corruption and abuse of power ” .
That remark suggests that McChrystal , who had carried out the Special Forces ’ policy of relying on Afghan warlords for security in the past , was now expressing concern about its political consequences .
Jake Sherman , a co-author of the NYU report , was a United Nations political officer involved in the effort to disarm warlords from 2003 to 2005 .
He is sceptical that U.S. policy ties with the warlords will be ended .
“ I do n’t see how U.S. and other contingents could sustain forward operating bases without paying these guys , ” said Sherman in an interview with IPS .
Beyond their continuing dependence on the warlords for security services , Sherman sees another reason for keeping them on the payroll .
If the U.S. and NATO military commanders tried to cut their ties with the private militias , Sherman said the warlords “ would actually become a security threat ” .
Sherman recalled that during his period working for the United Nations in northern Afghanistan , local police were hired to guard a World Food Programme warehouse in Badakhshan .
After a rocket attack on the warehouse , an investigation quickly turned up the fact that the police themselves had carried out the attack to pressure the U.N. to hire more guards .
The present U.S. and NATO dependence on warlord armies is rooted in the policy of the George W. Bush administration in the early years after the ouster of the Taliban regime in late 2001 .
The Central Intelligence Agency put the commanders of the forces who had defeated the Taliban on the payroll and gave them weapons and communications equipment to help U.S. counterterrorism squads locate any al Qaeda remnants in Afghanistan .
The commanders used the U.S. support to consolidate their political control over different provinces or sub-provincial areas .
Human Rights
Watch observed in a June 2002 report on the new relationships forged between the United States and the warlords , “ While the U.S. government does not view this policy as actively supporting local warlords , the distinction is often lost on Afghan civilians who see coalition forces openly interacting with the warlords . ”
Larry Goodson of the National War College , who participated in the 2002 process called the Loya Jirga under which the first post - Taliban Afghan government was established , told IPS he had recommended from the beginning a “ de- warlordisation ” process , in which “ we took nasty , sleazy characters and turn them into less nasty , sleazy bosses . ”
But the warlords were kept on the payroll , Goodson recalls , mainly because the troops controlled by the former commanders were seen as “ force multipliers ” , in a situation where foreign troops were in short supply .
More than Demographic Change
The first thing we might think is that young people voted more Democratic because they are less white and less Christian than any previous generation , something we 've touched on before in this series .
But while that is true , young people within almost every demographic also voted more Democratic than their elders in 2008 :
Click to enlarge .
There are two exceptions - African Americans , where the trend is essentially flat , and Jewish voters , where youngsters are slightly more likely to vote Republican ( similar to what was seen in 2004 ) .
Even White Evangelicals have more Democratic youngsters .
Geography and the Age Gap
The difference between the youngest and oldest generations is greatest where the demographic difference between the generations is greatest :
Click to enlarge .
Data for whites alone show less of a geographic trend , although the numbers are more squirrely because of smaller sample sizes :
Click to enlarge .
See note on color .
But They 'll Grow More Conservative ...
Maybe .
But in last forty years or so , that has n't been the case , according to an analysis of the changes in attitudes towards minorities and privacy issues over a thirty year time period .
Indeed , we can directly observe this politically by looking at exit polls over the same time period .
We start with 1972 : Nixon won all age brackets , but McGovern pulled in 46 % of those aged 18 - 29 , compared with 31 - 33 % for all other age groups .
In 2008 , this same cohort , now 54 - 65 , voted approximately 50 % for Obama .
Obviously , those young idealist hippies abandoned their utopian nonsense as they aged , paid taxes , and raised families .
Oh wait ... they did n't , did they ?
Below is the graph for the political behavior of three age cohorts from the 1972 election : 18 - 29 , 30 - 44 , and 45 - 59 .
Note that for later elections , age ranges do not perfectly match : for instance , the data for those aged 50 - 64 in 2008 is used to represent the cohort that was 18 - 29 in 1972 , even though their actual ages ranged from 54 - 65 in 2008 .
Older data can be found in the New York Times .
Click to enlarge .
What we see is that people from all age groups have tended to vote more Democratic as the years go by - and the biggest changes have come among the older voters .
Those older than 30 in 1972 supported Reagan in 1984 far less than they supported Nixon in 1972 .
And they supported Bush and McCain even less than that .
Part of this can be attributed to immigration , but only a small part .
Looking at the immigration numbers , if we assume that naturalized citizens vote at the same rate as everybody else and all of them vote for Democrats ( which is not true ) , then the 18 - 29 cohort from 1972 should have become 2 points more Democratic by 2008 .
But what about the Reagan generation ?
Youth from the 1980s have also grown a little more Democratic :
Click to enlarge .
But here 's another but : the 2008 election is different , coming on the heels of a disastrous administration that sent people scurrying away from toxic Republican label .
Maybe it 's more like the 1976 election , and we all know what happened in 1980 .
Here 's what happened to two 1976 cohorts :
Click to enlarge .
Although they swung towards conservatives , by this decade they were pretty close to where they started .
So over the past few decades , different age cohorts have generally become more Democratic , or stayed about the same at the presidential level .
That does n't mean the same thing will happen over the next thirty years , but it does mean that it 's simply not true that people become more conservative as they age .
__________________
This diary is the sixteenth in a series taking a close look at the 2008 electorate and exploring three themes : diversity within demographics , progressive feedback loops , and demographic change .
Monday : Last of the Series - Extra Bits and Pieces
Cross posted at Open Left .
Diaries in this series ( updated list ) :
Looking Back
Alternate History
Why Republicans Should Be Really Scared
African - Americans – We Are Not All of Us Alike
East and South Asian Americans – Diverse and Growing
West Asian Americans – Rapid Change
Native Americans – Increasing Participation
Islander Americans – In Need of More Representation
Native Alaskans – An Economic Factor ?
Latino Electorate – Increasing Influence
European - Americans – Tribal Politics Persist
“ Americans ” – You Might Be Surprised
Appalachia – Surprisingly Democratic
Why Republicans Should Be Really , Really Scared
Why Republicans Should Be Really , Really , Really Scared
A Few More Tidbits
Related 2008 electorate diaries :
Maps : Blue America and the Changing Electorate
Maps : Obama and White Evangelicals
Update :
So in the second to last diary of this series , it makes the rec list , and today is a day I can't stick around long !
Ah well .
I will try to read and respond later today or tomorrow .
Enjoy the discussion ! :)
Cool bear shaped sleeping bag , designed by Eiko Ishizawa from Amsterdam , will keep you warm and scare your friends when you go camping .
Please be warned that , according to the artist , it is not his responsibility if a wild bear attacks you , or some silly hunter hunts you down .
For more designs , check out : Unique and Creative Sleeping Bags
News and Events
To book Professor Emcee Square and the cast for your event please contact events@theitsaliveshow.com
Press Kit
WORLD ZOMBIE DAY 2010
is coming
10.10.10
10.11.2009
1,934 ZOMBIES !
The 2009 Zombie Fest , Walk of the Dead and Zombie Ball was a huge success .
Special thanks to everyone who participated , the bands ( DJ TNT , Cult of the Psychic Fetus , Supercharged Suicide , The Forbidden 5 , and DEATHMOBILE ) Ken Foree , and all the Lifeless volunteers .
Highlights included The Brain Eating Contest , Zombie Olympics and an Ugly Pageant .
More photos here .
7.11.2009 Pittsburgh zombies reclaim World Record
2008 World Zombie Day zombie walk at Monroeville Mall certified by Guinness Pittsburgh , PA – July 11 , 2009 – You ca n’t keep Pittsburgh zombies down .
After temporarily ceding the world record for largest zombie walk to Nottingham , England , the record has been reclaimed by the city that established the initial record in 2006 .
The zombie walk held at the Monroeville Mall outside Pittsburgh , PA on October 26 , 2008 has been certified by Guinness World Records as the World ’s Largest Zombie Walk with 1,341 participants .
The walk was organized by The It ’s Alive Show , a weekly horror host program originating from Pittsburgh , as part of its World Zombie Day , where more than 50 cities worldwide participated in zombie walks and food drives on the same day , cumulatively raising more than two tons of food donations to benefit their local hunger charities .
World Zombie Day was also honored with a Rondo Hatton Classic Horror Award for Best Fan Event of 2008 .
The Rondos are awarded for excellence in the horror genre by the Classic Horror Film Board based solely on fan nominations and voting .
Pittsburgh established the inaugural Guinness World Record for largest zombie walk in 2006 , when 892 people dressed as zombies invaded the Monroeville Mall , site of the iconic zombie film “ Dawn of the Dead ” .
Since then , the popularity of zombie walks has exploded , many of which feature a charity event .
This year ’s World Zombie Day will take place on Sunday , October 11 with the hub once again at the Monroeville Mall .
Cities around the world are lining up to participate in this charity event to raise awareness of global hunger .
Participants in the zombie walks are asked to bring a non-perishable food item as a donation .
6.18.2009 WBGN begins over the air digital broadcast .
Re-scan your TVs and converter boxes to receive the crystal clear signal and watch reruns of It 's Alive from our first four years every Saturday at 10:00 PM .
6.13.2009
It 's Alive premiers on WPMY My TV Pittsburgh Saturdays at midnight .
Viewers stuck with Comcast cable can finally see the show again .
WORLD ZOMBIE DAY will take place on October 11th 2009 see the WZD MySpace for updates .
4.16.2009 WBGN and It 's Alive on Verizon FiOS
( Pittsburgh ) - - On Thursday , April 16 , 2009 , Verizon FiOS subscribers will begin receiving WBGN - TV as part of their basic subscription package .
WBGN will appear on channel 22 .
WBGN is a locally owned and operated , independent television station that serves 12 counties in western Pennsylvania , West Virginia and Ohio .
" We are excited to announce this new carriage agreement with Verizon FiOS , " said Ron Bruno , President of WBGN .
" We have seen the tremendous growth of the Verizon network in our area and are proud to now be a part of the highest quality , fastest growing cable communications network in western Pennsylvania . "
Today 's announcement follows years of contentious negotiations with Comcast to structure a sustainable carriage agreement for WBGN .
" Our new contract with Verizon FiOS will provide us with the type of coverage that will allow us to expand our programming while giving us the stability needed to succeed in today 's business environment . "
3.23.2009
The It 's Alive Show 's World Zombie Day wins the Rondo Hatton award for " Best Fan Event "
10.26.08 1,341 Zombies !
2,252 pounds of food !
Thank you to everyone who came out to Zombie Fest 2008 !
7.02.08
Zombie Fest II announced !
See the press release here
4.13.08
It 's Official !
The Guinness Book of World Records verifies the 2007 Zombie Fest Zombie Walk as a world record for the second year in a row .
Professor Emcee Square declares Pittsburgh as The Zombie Capital of the World .
3.13.08
MONROEVILLE MALL ZOMBIE WALK wins the Rondo Hatton award for " Best Fan Event "
Thank you for your votes !
More info here http://classichorrorfilmboard.com/rondos/rondos.html
10.28.07
A new world record !
Many other cities attempted to break our record over the last year and failed .
This year , 1028 zombies brought over one ton of food for the Pittsburgh Food Bank and set a new world record .
Congratulations !
9.13.07
After a wonderful summer of doing nothing , the cast filmed the Season Three Premier live at the Rex Theater following the South Side Zombie walk .
This show will air Saturday , September 29 .
The Zombie Walk rocked .
Thanks to everyone who participated !
05.05.2007
The season two finale ended with a bang and then just fizzled out .
The professor had it all for one brief moment and proceeded to ruin everything .
See all the outtakes from " Stiffy 's Tearful Departure " on our Clips Page ..
It 's a world record !
02.03.07 Guinness has accepted the Monroeville Mall Walk of the Dead as a new world record .
Photo by Jim Poli
10.29.06
The Monroeville Mall World Record Attempt Zombie Walk was a huge success .
894 Zombies gathered for a world record attempt and food drive .
Organizers are in the process of verifying the numbers with The Guinness Book of World Records but this appears to be twice the number needed .
The Monroeville Mall was the perfect setting , being the location of the original Dawn of the Dead in 1977 .
The zombies had to stop in front of J C Pennys , where George Romero shot many scenes for the film .
At this moment , there are more females serving on the United States Supreme Court than there are writing for Late Show with David Letterman , The Jay Leno Show , and The Tonight Show with Conan O’Brien combined .
Out of the 50 or so comedy writers working on these programs , exactly zero are women .
It would be funny if it were n’t true .
Late - night talk shows have long snubbed female writers .
( “ Blaaaaame Johnny ! ” )
Now old charges of sexism have joined new concerns about sexual harassment , triggered by an alleged extortion plot that prompted David Letterman to admit on - air , “ I have had sex with women who work for me on this show . ”
Most media stars responded by defending one of their own .
On The View , Barbara Walters remarked that Dave “ is a very attractive man ” and offered a blanket excuse for his in - house affairs : “ Where do you meet people ?
In the workplace . ” Joy Behar took a tougher stance and argued that his behavior might have created an atmosphere that ’s uncomfortable for other female employees , especially “ if you ’re one of the girls who works there and [ are ] just doing your job . ”
But Walters had little sympathy for the working girls .
“ Maybe you ’re annoyed today , but that ’s not necessarily sexual harassment , ” Walters said .
“ It is n’t sexual harassment , ” she added .
Actually , it may be .
There ’s a subset of sexual harassment called sexual favoritism that , according to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission , can lead to a “ hostile work environment , ” often “ creating an atmosphere that is demeaning to women . ”
And that pretty much sums up my experience at Late Night with David Letterman .
I was the second female writer ever hired at Late Night .
When I applied for the job in 1988 , I had no way of knowing how much the odds were stacked against me .
In 27 years , Late Night and Late Show have hired only seven female writers .
These seven women have spent a total of 17 years on staff combined .
By extrapolation , male writers have racked up a collective 378 years writing jokes for Dave ( based on an average writing room of 14 men , the size of the current Late Show staff ) .
Two years after they received my submission packet , I got the call : Dave wanted to meet me .
By then , I was living in L.A. and had already written an episode for The Simpsons and served as story editor on Newhart during its final season .
Still , Late Night was my dream job , so when I got the offer , I left the sitcom I ’d just started on and moved back East .
Walking into 30 Rockefeller Center on my first day as a Letterman writer was one of the happiest moments of my life — right up there with the births of my two kids .
But it was all downhill after that .
( I ’m talking about Late Night , not my kids .
They ’re great . )
Without naming names or digging up decades - old dirt , let ’s address the pertinent questions .
Did Dave hit on me ?
No .
Did he pay me enough extra attention that it was noted by another writer ?
Yes .
Was I aware of rumors that Dave was having sexual relationships with female staffers ?
Yes .
Was I aware that other high - level male employees were having sexual relationships with female staffers ?
Yes .
Did these female staffers have access to information and wield power disproportionate to their job titles ?
Yes .
Did that create a hostile work environment ?
Yes .
Did I believe these female staffers were benefiting professionally from their personal relationships ?
Yes .
Did that make me feel demeaned ?
Completely .
Did I say anything at the time ?
Sadly , no .
You can book My - Removals ’ Man -with - van from London or Greater Manchester .
Hire My - Removals London and My - Removals Manchester because we have been around for over ten years .
We are part of the Forward Outlook Business club that helps small business owners and self - employed individuals to provide a consistently excellent service by working together .
Is the DMCA a scam ?
I received my first DMCA takedown notice today .
I published publicly - available IRS information about the nonprofit Kwaze - Kwasa [ USA ] Inc. Kwaze - Kwasa sent a letter to my ISP asking that it be taken down .
I do not know why they want to keep this public information off the Internet , but I do know that the law lets them .
For those who are n’t familiar , the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act contained a section known as OCILLA ( distinct from its also - famous anticircumvention provisions ) that regulates publishing copyrighted material online .
There are three big parties with interests in this subject : copyright holders , who want strong tools to keep copyrighted material offline ; ISPs , who do n’t want copyright law to apply to them ’ and Internet users , who want to be able to publish and read interesting content .
OCILLA was largely written by ISPs and pretty much maximizes their interests at the expense of copyright holders and users .
I ’m very glad that copyright holders get the short end of the stick — they want to modify the law to make sites like YouTube illegal , just because some people upload copyrighted material to it .
If they had their way , websites based around user - generated content would pretty much be impossible .
But I am frustrated the law does n’t do enough for users .
The takedown notice I was sent was obviously bogus — it did n’t even allege a copyright violation , since the information I published was n’t even copyrightable ( it was all basic facts and statistics published by the US government ) .
Yet my ISP informed me that if I did n’t take the page down , they ’d take my entire website offline .
And they have to do that because if they do n’t , they can be sued under the copyright law and could face very heavy penalties .
To get the page backup , I have to swear under penalty of perjury that I think the takedown was a mistake ( yet the sender of a takedown does not have to swear that they think the takedown is valid ! ) , consent to a lawsuit if the sender disagrees , and wait two weeks .
Two weeks !
In short , the DMCA lets you get any page taken off the Internet for two weeks .
This is n’t just a law itching for abuse ; it ’s a law being abused .
You should follow me on twitter here .
November 14 , 2009
Issue # 62 • March / April , 2000
More than 10 years ago , my friend Mark Seiden called me in on a murder case in Miami that Janet Reno , then State ’s Attorney for the county in question , had ordered prosecuted .
A woman named Mary Hopkin had killed her common law husband , a man named James Yarolem .
James was in his forties .
Mary was 63 .
Her life had been hard , and when she found a younger man who convinced her he loved her , she took him into her home .
This did not turn out to be a wise decision .
Mary worked .
Jim did n’t .
He drank and smoked up all the money she brought in .
He abused her , with the classic escalation .
First , verbal derisiveness .
Then the shove with the palm .
Then the slap of the open hand .
Then the blow of the closed fist .
The time came when she confronted him and said , “ Jim , you drink all my beer , and you smoke all my cigarettes , and you wo n’t get a job , and … I think it ’s time you left . ”
Even then , being in the classic denial pattern of a battered significant other , she could n’t bring herself to say , “ Oh , and by the way , you beat the crap out of me whenever you feel like it . ”
She did n’t need to say it .
Jim did n’t handle her declaration well .
He began to beat her up with more vigor than before .
She went to call the police , and Jim ripped the telephone out of the wall , wrapped the phone cord around her neck , and strangled her unconscious .
He left her for dead and went off to the nearest bar .
When Mary awoke , she crawled she could n’t walk on her arthritic and aging legs , she crawled to the nearest trailer to hers and when she got there blurted , “ Call the police . ”
The cops arrived .
When Jim came back Metro - Dade officers were there .
They arrested him .
When they dragged him away , the cops testified later , he was screaming “ Mary , you f— in ’ bitch , I ’ll kill you for this ! ”
Very soon thereafter , he was out on bail and he came to make good his threat .
By now , Mary was in terror of him , and had borrowed from her son the cheapest revolver available , an RG .22 .
The RG is the gun that Handgun Control Inc. is trying to talk about when they rail on about “ Saturday Night Specials . ”
If you left it on a hot stove it might melt .
Jim pounded on the door like the big bad wolf .
“ Mary , let me in ! ” “ Jim , ” she answered , “ I know what you ’re going to do !
I have a gun !
I wo n’t let you kill me !
Go away !
Do n’t make me shoot you ! ”
He did n’t listen .
He smashed the door off its hinges and came at her , and she fired three shots .
All three .22 bullets hit him .
He turned and ran , got about 20 feet , and collapsed and died .
To make a long story short , she was charged with murder .
She had no money .
Mark Seiden , her attorney , took her case anyway .
Mark was a former homicide cop for Metro - Dade before he became a lawyer .
I did what he did , after he called me .
I took the case pro bono , at no charge .
After I spent an hour with Mark on direct examination explaining to the jury why she had no choice but to shoot , I took out the prosecutor in a little less than a minute of cross examination .
The jury was quick , too : they took about two hours to acquit her of all charges .
I remember this , and I flash forward to yesterday , at one of the regularly scheduled qualifications for my police department .
I shot a gun the agency has already approved as optional and is thinking of adopting for standard issue , the Ruger P97 that I ’ve written about in this column before .
This .45 automatic recently put 60 bullets into less than 3.5 inches during a timed FBI - style shooting qualification .
I am authorized to carry whatever pistol I want , including my custom $ 3500 “ LFI Special ” Colt .45 automatic .
Instead , right now , I carry this $ 460 Ruger .
The qualification also encompassed the .223 rifle .
I did n’t shoot that with the $ 2,000 custom CAR - 15 from Olympic Arms that I ’m authorized to carry ; I shot it with our department issue Ruger Mini - 14 .223 that would cost you only a few hundred bucks .
Price one at Wal - Mart or K - Mart and you ’ll see , though I ’d rather you spent a couple bucks more and bought it from a gun dealer who supports your Second Amendment rights , which is why I buy my guns at gunshops instead of Monster Marts .
But , I digress .
The pistol course required 60 shots .
All 60 went center and I scored 100 % .
The rifle course was 50 shots , actually 45 with the rifle including half a dozen head - shots , and another five rounds with the pistol in “ rifle - to - handgun-transition . ”
These “ cheap guns ” gave me a 99.6 % score that would n’t have been different with my more expensive guns , because it was me who jerked the trigger and blew the shot that cost me one point .
My department regulations allow me to carry a custom made rifle that costs several thousands of dollars with me in the patrol car .
I used to do that .
Frankly , I do n’t bother anymore .
Each of our cruisers contains the Mini - 14 for any of our officers to access , and to be blunt , it does the same job just about as well .
The last time I carried my $ 3500 custom pistol in uniform was a couple of years ago .
I and some other officers were working security for a double police funeral where it was feared that the cop -killer who himself was slain by police on the day of the murders might have friends who would want to avenge him by harming any of the several thousand police officers in attendance for the funeral .
We who covered the perimeter were ordered that we could n’t have rifles evident , for fear of people being frightened and made paranoid .
I carried that expensive .45 pistol that day because I knew that with 185 - grain + P hollowpoints , it would hit what I aimed at from 100 yards if something went down in the wide - open venues that ranged from a downtown cortege to the burial at the equally wide - open cemetery .
Nothing happened .
The cop -killer , it turned out , had been a lone wolf .
After it was over , I went to the firing range and tested my department issue Ruger P90 .45 automatic .
It shot eight rounds for eight into a man -size target at 100 yards .
It would have done the job
all along .
So , what ’s the lesson ?
It ’s simple , really , and it touches deeply upon the values that make you read publications like Backwoods Home Magazine .
Simple can be as good as fancy , and is sometimes better .
Inexpensive can be as good as expensive , and sometimes is better .
“ Reliability ” is more important than “ esoteric ” in the final balance .
Something cheap , now when you need it , beats hell out of something costly that you have to save up for , to buy later , when it may be too late .
“ Something is generally better than nothing . ”
Mary Hopkin could n’t have afforded an expensive gun .
If she had needed $ 800 to buy a state of the art defensive pistol , she would n’t have had it , and she would have died .
She would have been another statistic .
If you are familiar with the dynamics of protecting the innocent from violent evil , you already know that , insofar as the context in which it was presented here .
And , even if you do n’t like guns at all , you can understand how this is an allegory to the whole lifestyle , the whole set of values , that are celebrated in Backwoods Home Magazine .
Note from the author ( Dan Allen ) :
As a high - school teacher , I wanted to give my thoroughly - industrial , suburban - NJ students a more detailed peek at their upcoming post - industrial future .
I felt the need to challenge their prevailing mindsets regarding our resource - depletion predicament : the “ shorter showers & change the light - bulbs ” crowd , the “ engineers will surely come to our rescue ” folks , and the “ problem ? -- what problem ? ” people .
This essay and the before / after comparison chart that follows are part of my ongoing ( unsanctioned ) attempts at doing so .
The following is a guest post by Dan Allen , a high school teacher in New Jersey .
Previously on TheOilDrum , Dr. Allen wrote The Speech Obama Needs to Give
WHAT LOWER CONSUMPTION MEANS
by Dr. R. Daniel Allen
Most of the kids have a good laugh with the before / after comparison chart , and I laugh along with them .
The contrasts between the present and ( likely ) future presented in the chart are striking to the point of unbelievability to them , and their reactions are honest and humorous : “ So , Dr. Allen , where can I buy this mule I ’ll need ? ”
But I also laugh with some sadness and a touch of fear ; sadness that prudent suggestions to prepare for a difficult future are still regarded as a joke ; and fear for a possibly much darker future I do n’t think they yet comprehend -- a fear that we might not be able to pull this off .
Note that this is directed at high school kids as part of my ongoing series of “ important side notes ” to the regular Chemistry curriculum .
Even though topics such as EROEI and the “ net energy curve ” are very relevant to this discussion , I have not introduced them yet in this essay for the sake of simplicity .
For these topics , I highly recommend many related posts on www.theoildrum.com by Ugo Bardi , Charles Hall , and David Murphy , as well as the references contained therein .
Executive Summary :
The fevered frenzy of Industrial Civilization ’s resource consumption appears to have finally reached its apex and begun its decline in this , the first decade of the twenty - first century .
A closer look at the physical realities of resource extraction reveals that the resource situation is , in fact , terminal for our high - consumin ’ civilization .
Resource depletion is a predicament requiring adaptation to an entirely new low - consumption paradigm , rather than a problem to be solved with technological or social solutions .
As a country , we need to start the conversation about what a lower - consumption , resource - poor society would look like , and begin the appropriate preparations .
The Insatiable Hunger of Industrial Civilization
Over the past 150 years , the relentless combination of exponentially - increasing population and exponentially - increasing per-capita ( i.e. per-person ) consumption has significantly depleted a wide - range of resources necessary for the continuation of our modern Industrial Civilization .
These include both non-renewable resources ( ex : fossil fuels , metal ores , phosphate fertilizers , etc. ) and theoretically - renewable resources that are being abused to such an extent that they are becoming essentially non-renewable on useful timescales ( ex : fisheries , topsoil , freshwater , etc. ) .
Pick any of these key resources and the annual extraction rate data will likely show an exponential increase from the mid-1800 ’s to the present .
Ask scientists about the resource and they will tell you the bad news : the annual extraction rate curve is near , at , or past the point of collapse .
Ask conventional economists or politicians and they will tell you the good news : “ Everything ’s going to be OK ; the market will take care of it ;
It always has . ”
So who do we believe ?
Taking a quick look past the rhetoric , the situation becomes clear -- alarmingly so for those who wish the industrial party to continue , as well as for those who fear we are not properly prepared for what follows .
The Easy Stuff ’s Gone
As modern Industrial Civilization built momentum , the easiest resources , the “ lowest hanging fruit , ” were logically picked first : the high purity coal , metal ores , and phosphate - bearing minerals at or near the surface ; the light , sweet crude oil and gas that burst at great pressure from shallow wells ; the huge , dense schools of protein - rich fish that practically jumped into the boats ; the deep - rich top - soils that required minimal inputs to produce bountiful crop yields .
While the ease of extraction and high quality of these resources gave us a great confidence as a civilization , ever - increasing consumption rates actually became ingrained as a necessity for the continuation of our industrial economies .
As this consumptive frenzy gained momentum , however , these once - easy resources became “ high graded ; ” meaning that as the easiest stuff was skimmed off every year , the resources that remained were of increasingly lower quality .
What remains now , of course , at our currently - advanced stage of depletion , are resources that are much more expensive , of much lower quality , and much more difficult to extract .
These are the low - purity metal ores thousands of feet underground ; heavy crude oil and gas laced with toxins that must be coaxed with great effort from beneath thousands of feet of ocean , rock , and salt ; sparse schools of lower - quality fish requiring monstrous nets and huge ships for their economical extraction ; and the nutrient - depleted , thinned - out top - soil requiring significant inputs to obtain reasonable yields .
The Difficult Stuff ’s Too Difficult
Let ’s assume to a very rough ( but not entirely unreasonable ) approximation that half of all theoretically - extractable resources have been depleted as we begin the 21st century – fossil fuels , metal ores , phosphate fertilizer , fisheries , etc .
The industrial consumers say , “ Wow , that still leaves half remaining to be extracted .
We still have another 150 years of fun .
Party on ! ”
There are , however , two key problems that will undermine their ( understandable ) exuberance .
First , due to much - increased population and per-capita consumption rates , we are burning through these resources at a significantly faster rate than at the start of the first 150 years .
Even if the second half of the resources were easily obtained , they would be likely be gone in a matter of a few decades .
Secondly , the first half of the resources was the cheap , easy half .
What remains is so increasingly difficult to access that it would require actual extra-terrestrial energy inputs for their complete extraction – i.e. it ’s not gonna happen .
Not even close .
Here ’s the dark irony of our resource predicament :
The low - quality , difficult half of the resources that remain require an infrastructure for their extraction that can only exist in the presence of the high - quality , easy half of the resources -- the ones that no longer exist .
Please read that again .
In other words , a relatively large percentage of the low - quality , difficult resources that remain will likely never be extracted .
The age of cheap , easy , high - quality resources to power the current version of Industrial Civilization is over , and the age of expensive , difficult , low - quality resources to power a future version of Industrial Civilization will simply never occur .
Our beloved Industrial Civilization , this pinnacle of human ingenuity , this shining beacon of light in an otherwise backward Universe , ( this destructive monster killing the biosphere ) is just about out of fuel .
It ’s time to get out and start walking .
Lower Consumption
Is the New Higher Consumption
So what does all this “ bad ” news mean for our everyday lives ?
The short answer is that we can expect a rather drastic involuntary reduction in resource use in the not - too - distant future , gradually worsening , and extending into the distant future .
This coming resource supply - reduction may well proceed in a stair - step fashion -- unexpected drop , period of stability , unexpected drop , period of stability…etc , giving repeated temporary illusions of “ the bottom . ”
The steady erosion of the resource pipeline will not only utterly cripple our growth - requiring Industrial economy , it will send ripple effects through every facet of our formerly - industrial lives , changing them almost beyond belief .
We will not only have less and less of the “ primary ” extractable resources available to us every year -- less oil , less coal , natural gas , less phosphate fertilizer , less metals , etc ; but we will also have less and less of the “ secondary ” resources that the primary resources make possible : less electricity , less nitrogen fertilizer , less water treatment , less transportation , less computers and electronic communication , etc .
Again , it ’s important to state here that not only will this decline be involuntary , it will not be preventable by any combination of political , social , or technological solutions .
It will simply occur , and we must simply respond to it .
How we respond , of course , will make a great deal of difference as to whether our predicament becomes disastrous or just very difficult .
Moral guidance will be greatly needed throughout .
The varied fields of Ecology , Biophysical Economics , Permaculture , and Natural Systems Agriculture ( among others ) have much to teach us about adapting to our changing resource situation , and we certainly should listen to them .
( Note to Obama : Please contact the Post Carbon Institute .
Invite Wendell Berry over for a beer .
Heck , Derrick Jensen too . )
Also realize that there are many important facets of our lives which need not decline in the upcoming future – indeed , they may even increase : personal connections with our families , communities , and the natural world ; block parties and potlucks ; tag - football and pickup - basketball ; joking around and shooting the breeze ; love in our hearts , etc .
In other words , it ’s quite possible we just may find a lot more important and fulfilling things than we ’re losing .
Much is still up to us .
What Lower Consumption Means
The following chart is meant to give a brief flavor of our coming lower - resource future .
A quick read down the left column gives a pretty good overview of our current Industrial society , in all its fast - paced , consumptive glory .
I ’ve been told by my students that the right column reads seems suspiciously Amish - like .
That ’s really not an accident -- the Amish generally lead a much less consumptive lives .
Whatever you happen to think of their social structures , the physical lifestyles of the Amish will probably gradually become the lifestyles of a majority of the population .
Another accusation I get is that I ’m predicting the 21st century will increasingly resemble the 18th century .
I respond with this : if that ’s what the Laws of Thermodynamics and the finite material limits of the Earth dictate , I do n’t see how we have a choice .
Let ’s try to make the best of it .
Das Problem : Die EU vergibt jedes Jahr knapp zwei Milliarden Verschmutzungszertifikate an Unternehmen .
Jedes Zertifikat berechtigt den Inhaber zur Emission von einer Tonne CO2 .
Die Anzahl dieser Zertifikate ist jedoch viel zu hoch und der Preis dafür viel zu niedrig um die Verwendung von emissionsarmen Technologien zu fördern .
So erreichen wir Europäer unsere Klimaziele nie !
Unsere Methode : Gemeinsam kaufen wir den europäischen Großverschmutzern diese CO2 - Zertifikate weg und erzwingen dadurch eine Reduktion von Emissionen innerhalb Europas .
Jedes Zertifikat im Besitz von Compensators * bedeutet eine Tonne CO2 weniger in der Atmosphäre !
Die Verknappung von Zertifikaten führt zu Preis - steigerungen was emissionsarme Technologien wettbewerbsfähiger macht .
Tackling climate change by reducing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse emissions will have major direct health benefits in addition to reducing the risk of climate change , especially in low - income countries , according to a series of six papers appearing today ( Wed. , Nov. 25 ) in the British journal The Lancet .
Two University of California , Berkeley , authors of the papers - Kirk R. Smith , professor of global environmental health , and Michael Jerrett , associate professor of environmental health sciences - will discuss the results today at an 11:30 a.m. EST press conference in Washington , D.C .
The press conference also will include Carol Browner , director of the White House Office of Energy and Climate Change Policy , and Linda Birnbaum , director of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences ( NIEHS ) and National Toxicology Program .
United Kingdom coauthors will be patched in via satellite from London , where they also will be holding a press conference .
The studies , three of them coauthored by Smith and one coauthored by Jerrett , use case studies to demonstrate the co-benefits of tackling climate change in four sectors : electricity generation , household energy use , transportation , and food and agriculture .
" Policymakers need to know that if they exert their efforts in certain directions , they can obtain important public health benefits as well as climate benefits , " said Smith , who was the principal investigator in the United States for the overall research effort .
" Climate change threatens us all , but its impact will likely be greatest on the poorest communities in every country .
Thus , it has been called the most regressive tax in human history .
Carefully choosing how we reduce greenhouse gas emissions will have the added benefit of reducing global health inequities . "
Each study in the series examines the health implications in both high - and low - income countries of actions designed to reduce the release of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) and other greenhouse gases .
Climate change due to emission of greenhouse gases from fossil fuel energy sources causes air pollution by increasing ground - level ozone and concentrations of fine particulate matter .
The studies were commissioned by the NIEHS , part of the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , in part to help inform discussions next month at the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change in Copenhagen .
The NIEHS is one of the key sponsors of the international event .
" These papers demonstrate there are clear and substantive improvements for health if we choose the right mitigation strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions , " said Birnbaum .
" We now have real life examples of how we can save the environment , reduce air pollution and decrease related health effects ; it 's really a win- win situation for everyone . "
A case study led by Smith on the health and climate benefits from a potential 150 - million - stove program in India from 2010 - 2020 gives the largest co-benefit of any examined in the six papers .
Smith has shown that providing low - emission stove technologies in poor countries that currently rely on solid fuel household stoves to cook and heat their homes is a very cost - effective climate change linkage .
The 10 - year program could prevent 2 million premature deaths in India , he said , in addition to reducing greenhouse pollution by hundreds of millions of tons .
The paper coauthored by Jerrett contains analysis of 18 years of data on the long - term health effects of black carbon - the first study of its kind ever conducted .
The study followed 352,000 people in 66 U.S. cities and was conducted by a team of U.S. and Canadian researchers led by Jerrett and Smith .
Black carbon is a short - lived greenhouse pollutant which , along with ozone , is responsible for a significant proportion of global warming .
Unlike CO2 , these short - lived greenhouse pollutants exert significant direct impacts on health .
Also , because they are short - lived , emission controls are almost immediately reflected in changes in warming .
" Combustion - related air pollution is estimated to be responsible for nearly 2.5 million premature deaths annually around the world and also for a significant portion of greenhouse warming , " said Smith .
" These studies provide the kind of concrete information needed to choose actions that efficiently reduce this health burden as well as reduce the threat of climate change "
In a statement issued today to the media , Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius thanked the international research team for bringing the world 's attention to the co-benefits of tackling climate change .
" Although much of the climate change discussion to date has focused on the environmental impacts , we are learning more about how climate change is likely going to affect the health of millions of people , " she said .
" Climate change is not a problem that one country or one organization can solve on its own .
It 's a problem that affects us all . "
Funding for The Lancet Health and Climate Change series was provided by the NIEHS and U.K. partners including The Academy of Medical Sciences , U.K. Department of Health , Economic and Social Research Council , London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , National Institute for Health Research , Royal College of Physicians , and Wellcome Trust .
The air pollution study also had funding from the Health Effects Institute , California Air Resources Board and Clean Air Task Force .
###
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 September 23
CoRoT Satellite Discovers Rocky Planet
Illustration Credit : ESO / L. Calcada
Explanation : How similar is exoplanet CoRoT - 7b to Earth ?
The newly discovered extra-solar planet is the closest physical match yet , with a mass about five Earths and a radius of about 1.7 Earths .
Also , the home star to CoRoT - 7 b , although 500 light years distant , is very similar to our Sun .
Unfortunately , the similarities likely end there , as CoRoT - 7b orbits its home star well inside the orbit of Mercury , making its year last only 20 hours , and making its peak temperature much hotter than humans might find comfortable .
CoRoT - 7b was discovered in February by noting a predictable slight decrease in the brightness of its parent star .
Pictured above , an artist 's depiction shows how CoRoT - 7 b might appear in front of its parent star .
The composition of CoRoT - 7b remains unknown , but given its size and mass , it cannot be a gas giant like Jupiter , and is very likely composed predominantly of rock .
Future observations will likely narrow the composition of one of the first known rocky planets discovered outside of our Solar System .
Sustainable farming , initially adopted to preserve soil quality for future generations , may also play a role in maintaining a healthy climate , according to researchers at the Department of Energy 's Oak Ridge and Los Alamos national laboratories .
ORNL and LANL scientists are exploring the large potential of the earth 's soils to sequester carbon , with estimates claiming that new land - use practices could greatly reduce U.S. carbon emissions by as much as 25 percent .
But exactly which practices are the most effective is still unclear , and a research paper published in the Soil Science Society of America Journal shines some light on this topic by introducing an easy - to - use field - portable approach to measure the carbon content of soils .
" This is a tool one could use to measure changes in soil carbon over time and try to establish whether soil carbon stocks are increasing or decreasing as a result of land - use practices , " said lead author Madhavi Martin of ORNL 's Environmental Sciences Division .
" Although it is possible to measure these properties in the laboratory , the simplicity and portability of the device allow researchers exponentially greater flexibility to conduct their investigations . "
The paper describes the adaptation of Laser Induced Breakdown Spectroscopy , or LIBS , a technique that once made Martin something of a celebrity when she used it confirm the common origin of two separate pieces of firewood -- evidence that eventually led to a confession in a 2006 Texas murder case .
LIBS works by measuring the light emitted when a small portion of the sample is annihilated with a laser pulse , a flash that provides an elemental fingerprint of virtually any substance under examination .
The challenge for the authors was configuring the experimental design to ensure accurate measurements of carbon regardless of soil characteristics .
To accomplish this , the authors acquired a varied set of soil samples with different sand , silt and clay compositions from the Natural Resources Conservation Service and tested them against numerous laser wavelength and energies .
" We found that LIBS is a promising technique that provides a robust method for the sampling of soil carbon , relying solely on technology that can be taken to the field , " Martin said .
" Crop scientists , carbon managers and instrument developers should find these results encouraging . "
With new techniques such as LIBS to assist them , researchers hope they can eventually identify the agricultural practices that provide the maximum benefits to farmers and the climate alike .
Intensive farming is a double - edged sword as it can greatly enhance crop production in many areas of the country .
Often , however , this comes at the expense of soil health in addition to accelerating the rate of climate change , according to the researchers .
advertisement
Twice as much carbon is stored in the soils of the world as in the atmosphere , thanks to centuries of decomposition of plants and other organic matter .
Fertile ( high carbon content ) soil is necessary for the growth of large healthy crops .
However , fertile soil is also a favorite target of naturally occurring bacteria .
Fortunately for farmers and plants , the majority of carbon beneath our feet is physically protected from bacteria in what scientists call soil aggregates .
A large portion of that carbon is concentrated near the earth 's surface and therefore highly vulnerable to changes in land use .
When a soil 's aggregate structure is disturbed , such as through intensive farming , the organic matter it protects becomes accessible to soil microorganisms that use it as an energy source , releasing the stored carbon back into the atmosphere as the greenhouse gas CO2 .
" Disruption of soil structure is estimated to contribute to a 50 percent loss of soil carbon , " said Chuck Garten , a soil scientist at ORNL .
" When the microstructure of the soil is disturbed , it breaks down the aggregates allowing large losses of soil carbon as a result of microbial decomposition . "
This lesson was learned the hard way by many American farmers when pressure for production leads to serious soil degradation through erosion and nutrient losses .
Intense farming by pioneer farmers in the first 30 years of settlement depleted the organic matter in the U.S. Great Plains by more than 50 percent with soil productivity falling more than 70 percent during the same period .
Eventually , better agricultural practices were adopted and production recovered .
Still , grassland and forest soils continue to lose 20 percent to 50 percent of their original carbon content within the first 40 years of cultivation while tropical climates that practice shifting cultivation or slash and burn agriculture can lose their fertility within two to three years .
Farmers make up for the loss by simply moving to new fields or replenishing carbon stocks with the use of manures and other organic wastes .
The research at Oak Ridge National Laboratory was funded by the Department of Energy 's Office of Science , Biological and Environmental Research .
UT - Battelle manages Oak Ridge National Laboratory for the Department of Energy .
Coming of age in Plainsboro , New Jersey .
High school student Hal Hefner stutters .
On the evening his parents stop arguing and separate , 43 miles away at the state tournament , his school 's legendary debater , Ben Wekselbaum , goes blank mid-sentence , Ben 's teammate Ginny Ryerson does n't get a first - place trophy , and the world changes .
That fall , to Hal 's amazement , Ginny recruits him for the debate team , mentors him , and will be his partner .
He still has his stutter , but he works hard and he falls in love with Ginny .
On the day of the first debate of the season , the world changes again .
From then until the day of the state tournament , Hal has a lot to sort out .
Is love rocket science ?
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
Fedor .
That one word holds a lot of meaning for a lot of different people .
Some see him as the second coming of Superman , an unstoppable force in a sport that is full of uncertainty .
Other see him as the embodiment of hype because he does n't fight the tough competition in the UFC .
Regardless of which side of the fence you stand on , you probably wo n't be missing his fight against Brett " The Grim " rogers this Saturday on CBS .
Many believe that Rogers hard hitting knockout power and straight down the pipe style are the perfect kryptonite for this Russian superhero .
Pundits and critics alike point to Fujita and Arlovski as the blueprint for Fedor 's downfall .
He can be hurt .
He can be pushed back .
And many believe Rogers is the perfect fighter to implement this blueprint Saturday night .
" The Grim " is motivated , has the tools in the shape of his giant fists , and brings real skills to bear in the cage .
A place where Rogers feels right at home .
Beyond Rogers abilities , many people believe that this match will be a perfect storm of factors that will lead the the " Last Emperors " downfall .
The points that seem to come up again and again are Fedors marriage , his 3rd place ranking in the World Sambo Championship , and comments from his own trainers that Emelianenko did not train hard enough for Arlovski .
A fight that most feel he was n't winning until the flying knockout that ended the match .
On repeat viewings of the Arlovski fight one can see that Arlovski's strikes are n't as devastating as they appear , being deflected or absorbed .
The point being , if Fedor is able to demolish Arlovski in the first round without even trying , than that 's hardly a point against the Russian maintaining his skills .
As far as the Russian national sport of sambo , Fedor did win a 2009 Russian Sambo Competition .
The rules of sambo and MMA are very different and it's hard to say that a 3rd place showing in a world competition heralds the end of Fedors supremacy .
When asked about his marriage to his high school sweetheart Marina , Fedor told CBS , " I do n't think my marriage will affect anything in any way " .
For a man who sees fighting as " 100 % mental " , it 's hard to believe he has let his focus slip that much .
The couple has been dating for three years , and Fedor has been married before .
The only factor that truly presents itself as being a game changer will be the Cage itself .
The ring is Emelianenko 's natural fighting environment , and many other great PRIDE fighters have shown " ring rust " when adapting to the challenges of a chain - linked enclosed mat .
Looking back to Fedor 's fights in PRIDE , no single moment stands out where the cage could have hurt his performances .
The cage could actually present a true boon to the Russian experiment by making his already formidable ground game even more vicious .
In a cage there would be no restarts to slow the action , and nowhere to hide when the sambo casting starts flying .
This will be a great bout to watch regardless of how your perceptions of the fighters color the match .
An undefeated knockout artist taking on a skillful master , Its a common storyline in the history of great MMA fights .
Thinking back to your favorite fights there is always a sense of tension present .
The anticipation that the fight could end at any moment from a wild swing , or a quick submission .
It is one of the reasons MMA is so entertaining and engaging .
A Fedor fight multiplies this tension tenfold due to all of the expectations , hype , and armchair opinions .
Will your eyeballs be on the spot when Fedor is downed for the first time ?
Will you see his hand raised in victory and cheer for your champion yet again ?
Only Saturday night on CBS will bring the answer .
Even Fedor does not think that his winning streak will last forever .
Of course ,
This unassuming nature is at the heart of why so many people admire him .
A physically impressive human force with a gentle disposition , matched to sharp mind .
A heavyweight who does not pound his chest in dominance over his defeated foes , but extends a gloved hand to pick them up .
Not even his most ardent detractor can say that Fedor is not a great ambassador for the sport .
Even if he loses to Brett " The Grim " Rogers I will still be a huge fan of Fedor Emelianenko .
( CNN ) --
On November 24 , 1859 , the first edition of a book that would shake the most deeply established beliefs about life was published in London .
What would eventually be known as " The Origin of Species " was the opening shot in a debate that has n't ended , even 150 years later .
In a series of books starting in 1976 and in his 2002 TED Talk , biologist Richard Dawkins has explored the implications of Darwin 's work .
In " The Selfish Gene , " Dawkins wrote , " Living organisms had existed on earth , without ever knowing why , for over three thousand million years before the truth finally dawned on one of them .
His name was Charles Darwin . "
Watch the TED Talk by Richard Dawkins
Dawkins argues that there is no doubt that Darwin 's theory of evolution by natural selection is true and , unlike some other scholars of the subject , says belief in evolution is not compatible with faith in religion .
In fact , he argues , science and religion undermine each other .
" I believe a true understanding of Darwinism is deeply corrosive to religious faith , " Dawkins says in his TED Talk .
There 's no room for a God in the world as he sees it , and he believes atheists should be forceful in opposing religion .
He acknowledges that it's an unpopular case to make , particularly in the United States .
" It 's an undeniable fact that to own up to being an atheist is tantamount to introducing yourself as Mr. Hitler or Miss Beelzebub , " he said .
" And that all stems from the perception of atheists as some kind of weird , way - out minority . "
Watch an interview with Dawkins
According to Dawkins , life was not created by an intelligent designer .
In " The Selfish Gene , " he wrote that science has established that , " We are survival machines -- robot vehicles blindly programmed to preserve the selfish molecules known as genes . "
Read why another writer believes evolution and faith can be compatible
Darwin himself was very slow to make his theory of evolution by natural selection public , taking 15 years from his early insights on the subject to the publication of the book -- and publishing it then only after naturalist Alfred Wallace had independently come up with the idea of evolution .
Darwin struggled with the book , which he called " my abominable volume " and said that it " has cost me so much labor that I almost hate it . "
The book went through six editions with Darwin 's input and sold many copies , but it was controversial from the start .
Read the view of an advocate of " intelligent design "
In an interview by e-mail last week , CNN asked Dawkins about Darwin and religion .
CNN : How would you describe the book 's importance compared to other classic books ?
Richard Dawkins : Dan Dennett described natural selection as the best idea anyone ever had , and that is an easily defensible talking - point .
Wallace independently had the idea , and the main reason Darwin is remembered more than the admirable Wallace is that Darwin wrote the book that changed people 's minds .
Evolution by natural selection did n't trickle into public consciousness but was properly launched , fully fashioned , in a brilliant book .
T.H. Huxley surely was n't the only reader to close the book saying , " How extremely stupid of me not to have thought of that . "
CNN : In your TED Talk , you described American biologists as being in a " state of war " when it comes to defending evolution against its critics .
Do you think that 's still the case , nearly eight years later ?
Dawkins : Yes .
More so , if anything .
CNN : You contrast the British 10 pound note , which displays a likeness of Darwin , to the " In God We Trust " on American currency .
Why are attitudes in Britain so significantly different on this question ?
Dawkins : I think it stems from the far greater popularity of religion in America , but that only pushes the question back a stage .
Why is America so much more religious than most other western countries ?
CNN : What 's your sense of Darwin 's influence around the world ?
Dawkins : Evolution is almost universally accepted among those who understand it , almost universally rejected by those who do n't .
CNN : You maintain that science is corrosive to religion and that religion undermines science .
In what practical ways do you see the influence of religion today affecting what science can accomplish ?
Dawkins :
Since we are talking about practical ways , the obvious example is stem cell research .
But there is a more pernicious and pervasive influence , which is an active shutting down of the critical faculties .
Religion teaches us to be satisfied with non-explanations , and this is viciously corrosive of science and of the life of the mind generally .
CNN : In your 1986 book , " the Blind Watchmaker , " you wrote that , " For reasons that are not entirely clear to me , Darwinism seems more in need of advocacy than similarly established truths in other branches of science . "
Do you have any further thoughts on why that 's the case ?
Dawkins : I think it is mostly because of biblical literalism .
Then there 's the added fact that , as the great molecular biologist Jacques Monod said , ' The trouble with natural selection is that everybody THINKS he understands it . '
CNN : What 's the greatest remaining mystery about evolution ?
Dawkins :
How the evolution of the brain gave rise to the emergent property we call subjective consciousness .
CNN : What question would you ask Darwin if he were alive today ?
Dawkins :
Why did you wait so long before publishing your brilliant idea ?
CNN : You make the argument in the TED Talk for atheists to assert themselves boldly and overcome the cultural stigma against opposing religion .
Do you see signs that such an attitude is taking hold ?
Dawkins :
Yes , I am happy to say I do think so .
I 'd like to think that books such as those by Sam Harris , Daniel Dennett , Christopher Hitchens and me have initiated a turning of the tide .
Editor 's note : TED
Talks appear Tuesdays on CNN.com through a partnership with TED , a nonprofit organization devoted to " Ideas Worth Spreading . "
TED started in 1984 as a conference bringing together people from three fields from which it took its name : Technology , Entertainment , Design .
It has since spread ideas in many fields through conferences around the world and through its web site , TED.com
The Jovian System
The inner moons follow circular orbits around Jupiter interior to Io 's orbit .
They orbit in Jupiter 's equatorial plane .
The four Galilean moons are the most well - known .
They are visible through binoculars .
The Himalia group of moons orbits Jupiter at distances of around 11 - 12 million kilometers .
The Ananke group of moons orbits Jupiter in a retrograde direction at a distance of about 21 million kilometers .
The Carme group also orbits Jupiter in a retrograde direction from about 23 million kilometers .
The Pasiphaë group contains Jupiter 's most distant moons .
Themisto and Carpo do not belong to any group .
Carpo orbits Jupiter in a prograde direction at the inner edge of the Anake group .
Themisto orbits just outside the orbit of the Galilean moons .
The simulation JovianSystem.gsim shows Jupiter 's 62 known moons .
The initial starting conditions were obtained using data from JPL's Horizons Ephemeris Computation Service .
Download JovianSystem.gsim
( You need to have the program Gravity Simulator installed on your computer first .
Click Here to download Gravity Simulator . )
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 November 13
Young Stars in the Rho Ophiuchi Cloud
Credit : NASA JPL - Caltech , Harvard - Smithsonian CfA
Explanation : Cosmic dust clouds and embedded newborn stars glow at infrared wavelengths in this tantalizing false - color view from the Spitzer Space Telescope .
Pictured is of one of the closest star forming regions , part of the Rho Ophiuchi cloud complex some 400 light - years distant near the southern edge of the pronounceable constellation Ophiuchus .
The view spans about 5 light - years at that estimated distance .
After forming along a large cloud of cold molecular hydrogen gas , newborn stars heat the surrounding dust to produce the infrared glow .
An exploration of the region in penetrating infrared light has detected some 300 emerging and newly formed stars whose average age is estimated to be a mere 300,000 years -- extremely young compared to the Sun 's age of 5 billion years .
The number of banks that did n't make their monthly dividend payments on TARP funds skyrocketed to 29 in August , up from 18 in May .
Banks can choose not to make payments during a given month , allowing the dividends owed to accumulate unpaid .
Failure to pay may be a sign of financial distress .
Obviously banks that are short of capital may decide to retain funds rather than pay off the TARP .
Here 's the complete list of banks that did n't pay in August :
AIG
Anchor Bancorp Wisconsin
Central Pacific Financial Corp
Centrue Financial Corp
Citizens Bancorp
Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Commerce National Bank
Commonwealth Business Bank
Dickinson Financial Corp
First American International
First Banks
Georgia Primary Bank
Grand Mountain Bancshares
Idaho Bancorp
Lone Star Bank
Midwest Banc Holdings
One Georgia Bank
One United Bank
Pacific Capital Bancorp
Pacific City Financial Corp
Pacific International Bancorp
Patterson Bancshares Inc .
Peninsula Bank Holdings Co .
Premier Service Bank
Royal Bancshares Corporation of Pennsylvania
Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida
Sterling Financial Corporation
UCBH Holdings Inc .
United American Bank
Rendell , Nutter and U.S. Rep. Robert Brady were involved in the talks until they broke off early today .
Rendell , who said he had slept little for the past three nights and missed Game 5 of the World Series because of the negotiations , said he was willing to continue to work with both sides .
Be comfortable .
Think of our team as your team .
The rationale behind torture is that pain will make the guilty confess , but a new study by researchers at Harvard University finds that the pain of torture can make even the innocent seem guilty .
Participants in the study met a woman suspected of cheating to win money .
The woman was then " tortured " by having her hand immersed in ice water while study participants listened to the session over an intercom .
She never confessed to anything , but the more she suffered during the torture , the guiltier she was perceived to be .
The research , published in the Journal of Experimental Social Psychology , was conducted by Kurt Gray , graduate student in psychology , and Daniel M. Wegner , professor of psychology , both in Harvard 's Faculty of Arts and Sciences .
" Our research suggests that torture may not uncover guilt so much as lead to its perception , " says Gray .
" It is as though people who know of the victim 's pain must somehow convince themselves that it was a good idea -- and so come to believe that the person who was tortured deserved it . "
Not all torture victims appear guilty , however .
When participants in the study only listened to a recording of a previous torture session -- rather than taking part as witnesses of ongoing torture -- they saw the victim who expressed more pain as less guilty .
Gray explains the different results as arising from different levels of complicity .
" Those who feel complicit with the torture have a need to justify the torture , and so link the victim 's pain to blame , " says Gray .
" On the other hand , those distant from torture have no need to justify it and so can sympathize with the suffering of the victim , linking pain to innocence . "
The study included 78 participants : half met the woman who was apparently tortured ( actually a confederate of the experimenters who was , of course , not harmed at all ) , and half did not .
Participants were told that the study was about moral behavior , and that the woman may have cheated by taking more money than she deserved .
The experimenter suggested that a stressful situation might make a guilty person confess , so participants listened for a confession over a hidden intercom as she was subjected to the sham " torture . "
advertisement
The confederate did not admit to cheating but reacted to having her hand submerged in ice water with either indifference or with whimpering and pleading .
Participants who had met her rated her as more guilty the more she suffered .
Those who did not meet her rated her as more guilty when she felt less pain .
Gray suggests that these results offer an explanation for the debate swirling around torture .
" Seeing others in pain can perpetuate ideological differences about the justifiability of torture , " says Gray .
" Those who initially advocate torture see those harmed as guilty , unlike those who initially reject torture and its methods . "
The findings also shed light on the Abu Ghraib scandal , where prison guards tortured Iraqi detainees .
Prison guards , who are close to the suffering of detainees , see detainees as more guilty the more they suffer , unlike the more distant general public .
The case is still open on whether torture actually makes victims more likely to tell the truth .
This research suggests instead that the mere fact that someone was tortured leads observers to think that the truth was found .
The research was supported by the Canadian Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council and the Institute for Humane Studies .
It ’s hard to be delicate about this product , but I shall try .
The Artificial Virginity Hymen is something that could have life - saving uses in parts of the world where women ’s sexuality is oppressed .
The diaphragm is designed to break and discharge fluid during intercourse , and while it could actually be used to avoid life - long stigmatization in cultures which demand virginity before marriage , it is more likely to be used as a toy or even as a value - added extra for sex professionals .
And as the Lady pointed out when her essential opinion was solicited , it is unlikely that a woman who may need this would have access to it anyway .
Then again , it is being marketed on a sex - toy website , and catering to all kinds of fetishes is of course just fine .
Maybe it ’s the produce pitch itself which rankles so , insensitive and rather icky as it is .
I have pasted it in below so you do n’t have to click through to a sex - toy site from your office computer .
There is one thing we can learn from this .
If you ever find yourself thinking “ I wonder if they make …? ” then the answer is almost certainly a big “ yes . ”
Product page [ Gigimo via Geekologie ]
CFDs sind komplexe Instrumente und umfassen aufgrund der Hebelfinanzierung ein hohes Risiko , schnell Geld zu verlieren .
Until now , the case of Mr. Wangchen , 35 , has received little attention abroad .
Uneducated and plainspoken , he was an itinerant businessman until October 2007 , when he bought a small video camera and began traveling the Tibetan plateau interviewing monks , yak herders and students about their lives .
Tsetring Gyaljong , a cousin who helped him make the documentary , said that Mr. Wangchen ’s political awareness was sharpened nearly a decade ago , when he witnessed a demonstration in Lhasa , the Tibetan capital , that was quickly broken up by public security officers .
Image Dhondup Wangchen , who interviewed Tibetans for his film , “ Leaving Fear Behind , ” has been detained since March 2008 .
Credit ...
Still from “ Leaving Fear Behind ”
“ He saw how it was dissolved in two or three minutes and how everyone was taken away , ” said Mr. Gyaljong , speaking from Switzerland , where he has lived in exile since escaping from Tibet .
“ There were no pictures , no testimonies , and he felt like the world should know that Tibetans , despite the Chinese portrayals , are not a happy people . ”
Out of 40 hours of footage and 108 interviews came “ Leaving Fear Behind , ” a 25 - minute documentary that is an unadorned indictment of the Chinese government .
Although given the choice to conceal their identities , most of his subjects spoke uncloaked and freely expressed their disdain for the Han Chinese migrants who are flooding the region and their love for the Dalai Lama , who has lived in exile since 1959 .
In his own comments at the start of the film , Mr. Wangchen said the approach of the 2008 Olympics had compelled him to record the feelings of Tibetans , many of whom were less than enthusiastic about the decision to hold the Games in Beijing .
“ We have no independence or freedom , so Tibetans have no reason to celebrate , ” said one young woman standing by a road .
“ The Chinese have independence and freedom , so this is something they can celebrate . ”
T- Mobile Sidekick users have been holding out hope that their data might be recovered after T - Mo issued an optimistic message of hope .
But the carrier just updated users and admitted the truth : Your shit 's gone .
Sorry , guys .
Advertisement
It 's been more than two weeks without data for Sidekick users , and T - Mobile finally bit the bullet and announced that it probably is n't coming back .
The quote :
Regrettably , based on Microsoft / Danger 's latest recovery assessment of their systems , we must now inform you that personal information stored on your device - such as contacts , calendar entries , to - do lists or photos - that is no longer on your Sidekick almost certainly has been lost as a result of a server failure at Microsoft / Danger .
That said , our teams continue to work around - the - clock in hopes of discovering some way to recover this information .
However , the likelihood of a successful outcome is extremely low .
Advertisement
This is pretty crappy of T - Mobile and Danger , and while it 's probably unfair to make this connection , does n't give us any new confidence in Project Pink , developed by the remnants of Danger after Microsoft acquired it .
( After all , Microsoft bought Danger specifically because of their software services .
And now , it just goes kablooey ? )
Renowned Sidekick user and a -hole Perez Hilton , while normally hysteric about just about everything , has the right tone here :
To add insult to injury , the ONLY thing T - Mobile is offering their customers , whom they obviously do n't value or respect , is one month of free data service .
That 's shit !
One month of free data service ( which is not the same thing as one month of free phone use ) for SEVEN DAYS of heartache and no access to contacts ????
That 's fucked !!!!
Really , that 's kind of putting it lightly .
[ T - Mobile via Boy Genius Report ]
At play by the water Layla
Pachelbel Canon in D
This Canon in D - Major for Three Violins and Thorough - Bass was composed around 1680 by Johann Pachelbel , a prominent organist and composer from the Baroque Era .
For more than 250 years , this piece of music had languished in obscurity until Jean - Francois Paillard decided in the 1970s to arrange it for performance by his own orchestra .
Since its revival , the Canon has taken off to become a spectacular musical phenomenon that rivals the celebrated Beethoven Ninth Symphony .
We shall now take a closer look at canons in general and the Pachelbel Canon in particular .
“ Frere Jacques ” ( English lyric )
Are you sleeping , -------------( Line 1 )
Are you sleeping , -------------( Line 2 )
Brother John ?------------------( Line 3 )
Brother John ?------------------( Line 4 )
Morning bells are ringing ---( Line 5 )
Morning bells are ringing ---( Line 6 )
Ding , dang , dong !-----------( Line 7 )
Ding , dang , dong !-----------( Line 8 )
Most of us know this song , so we will use it to illustrate the basic pattern of a canon , which is a form of contrapuntal music common during the Baroque period .
This is how “ Frere Jacques ” would go if sung by one voice :
Line 1--- Line 2--- Line 3--- Line 4---…etc
If the same song is sung by two voices , with the second voice starting two lines ( and thus two measures in the music ) after the first voice , it becomes a two - part canon :
First Voice : Line 1--- Line 2--- Line 3--- Line 4---…etc
Second Voice :-------------------Line 1--- Line 2---…etc
If the same song is sung by three voices , with the second voice starting two measures after the first , and the third voice two measures after the second , it becomes a three - part canon :
First Voice : Line 1--- Line 2--- Line 3--- Line 4--- Line 5--- Line 6---…etc
Second Voice :-------------------Line 1--- Line 2--- Line 3--- Line 4---…etc
Third Voice :---------------------------------------------Line 1--- Line 2---…etc
Add a fourth voice , a bass , to the three - part canon , and it now becomes a three - part canon with a bass .
The bass line can be as simple as repeating the “ Are ” in “ Are you sleeping , ” over and over again , at the beginning of each line of the lyric :
First Voice : Line 1--- Line 2--- Line 3--- Line 4--- Line 5--- Line 6---…etc
Second Voice :-------------------Line 1--- Line 2--- Line 3--- Line 4---…etc
Third Voice :----------------------------------------------Line 1--- Line 2---…etc
Bass :-------bass-----bass-----bass-----bass-----bass-----bass----…etc
A canon is thus basically a piece of music with two or more voices or instruments each singing or playing the same melody but each starting at different points , and there is usually a recurring bass accompaniment .
Canons that are more elaborate vary the starting points of the voices , the pitches and rhythms of the voices , and the vertical and horizontal orientations of the melodies by inverting them or even playing them backwards .
“ Frere Jacques ” is a simple melody , and the transformation of it into a three - part canon with bass can be done easily by four human voices ; no music training is necessary and the results are always pleasing .
However , the same experiment would also prove this formula does not apply to all melodies .
Try substituting “ Frere Jacques ” with , for example , “ Twinkle Twinkle Little Stars ” and even the crudest ear will tell you it does not work .
The reason is all the voices in a canon have to be in harmony at all times , and “ Frere Jacques ” happens to work well as a canon but “ Twinkle Twinkle Little Star ” simply does not .
The Pachelbel Canon in D , just like our experiment with “ Frere Jacques , ” is a straightforward three - part canon with bass ; and just like our example , the three voices use strictly the same melody starting two measures behind one another .
The bass line is only slightly more complicated than our one - note bass : there are altogether eight notes in two measures , and the eight notes are repeated in the same manner from start to finish .
The Canon in D was originally written for three violins , each representing one of the three voices , and a cello playing the bass line .
Analytically speaking , there are only two lines of music : a bass line repeating itself throughout the piece , and a melody line which is a series of variations based on the bass line .
The melody line starts with simple two - measure variations ( the length of the bass line ’s eight notes motif ) , then changes the patterns every four measures , becoming more and more complex .
The melody line also uses progressively shorter and shorter notes towards the middle of the music and then progressively longer and longer notes from the middle to the end .
These changes in rhythms create an illusion of acceleration and then of deceleration , allowing the music to come to a dignified halt at the end .
The bass line starts the music by playing the eight - note motif , and as the motif begins its first repeat at the third measure , the first violin joins in with its first two - measure variation .
Then the second violin joins in with the first variation as the first violin begins its second variation , and finally the third violin joins in with the first variation as the second violin begins its second variation and the first violin its third .
In another word , the second violin and the third violin are forever playing catch - ups .
At the end , the second violin never gets to play the last variation and the third violin never gets to play the last two variations .
At this point , perhaps we should address a common observation that the bass line ’s repeating motif must be boring to the cellist :
We tend to forget the cellist is not playing in a vacuum but in concert with the three violins .
Each repeat of the bass line is in a very different context and also forms the foundation of the particular variation .
A musician would play each repeat differently as each variation would indicate , and thus derive infinite pleasure in creating the difference .
The Canon in D is a piece of Baroque music , and it was the usual practice for the cello ’s bass line to be augmented by a harpsichord which reinforces the bass notes by playing chords in arpeggio ( playing the notes of the chords in successions instead of together ) .
That is why when we listen to the Canon we would often find a fifth voice playing groups of three notes following each bass note .
This is most noticeable during the first two measures of the music .
The chords by the fifth voice are not random but specific to the performers ' interpretations of how the Canon should flow and what its rhythms should be .
When we stop to think about it , composing a canon such as the Pachelbel Canon in D can be a daunting task :
Not only do the variations have to be in agreement with the bass line , each of the voices also have to be in faultless musical accord with one another at all times .
A canon , then , is as much an exercise in arithmetic as it is a work of art ; and it is only the talent of Pachelbel that renders his Canon in D an enchanting piece of music instead of merely tonal mathematics .
However , just as it is not necessary to understand how an architectural masterpiece is built to appreciate it , it is not necessary to understand how the Canon in D is created to enjoy it .
Knowing its construction may help us to marvel at it too , though .
If words were adequate , there would be no need for music .
Therefore , we will not try to explain what makes the Pachelbel Canon in D so special .
Still , there is definitely something extraordinary about this piece of music :
Its appeal is unanimous and universal .
It has been arranged for all kinds of instruments from harmonicas to synthesizers , and has been featured in a Korean movie as well as in a Burger King commercial .
It sounds just as delightful when played in the style of Jazz or in that of rock - and - roll .
It is played regularly at weddings ; and rock musicians from the Bee Gees to the Metafix have borrowed from it .
The eight - note bass line starts from the tonic D , descends to the D an octave below , and then ends with the dominant A .
This motif is at once musically stable and harmonious , aesthetically correct and pleasing , and lends itself marvellously to melodic inventions .
Much as the Canon has been used in various subsequent music of widely diversed genre , the bass line motif itself has also been extensively borrowed from and modified to suit different needs .
Mozart made use of a version of it in one of his operas .
The bass line in Mary Hopkins ' rendition of Ralph McTell 's ' The Streets of London ' is clearly the same motif .
Other similar examples are ‘ Someday We Will All Be Together ’ by Claire Hamill , and ' All Together Now ' by The Farm .
The inevitable question becomes : Can a piece of music be compromised by over exposure ?
Perhaps , but then only the snobbish would shun a work of art because it is trendy .
The Pachelbel Canon in D is from a composition titled the Kanon und Gigue in D - dur fur drei Violinen und Basso Continuo , so there is actually a Gigue to go with the famous Canon .
Are n’t you curious why that Gigue is almost never performed ?
A rare set of high - resolution readouts taken directly from the wired - in brains of epileptics has provided an unprecedented look at how the brain processes language .
Though only a glimpse , it was enough to show that part of the brain 's language center handles multiple tasks , rather than one .
" If the same part of the brain does different things at different times , that 's a thunderously complex level of organization , " said Ned Sahin , a cognitive scientist at the University of California , San Diego .
In a study published Thursday in Science , Sahin 's team studied a region known as Broca 's center , named for French anatomist Paul Pierre Broca who observed that two people with damage to a certain spot in the front of their brains had lost the ability to speak , but could still think .
Broca 's discovery was made in 1865 , but subsequent research has been relatively incremental , reinforcing the language - central role of this area but saying little about what goes on inside it .
Speech can't be tested in any life form other than ourselves , and the standard tool for reading the human brain is fMRI , which averages the activity of millions of neurons at set intervals .
It 's useful for highlighting regions of the brain that are involved in cognitive tasks , but can't detail what 's happening inside those areas .
Sahin's team benefited from a brain - reading technology called intra-cranial electrophysiology , or ICE , in which electrodes are positioned inside the brain itself .
It 's a medical rather than a research tool , used to precisely measure electrical activity in the brains of epileptics who do n't respond to treatment .
ICE lets doctors see exactly which parts of a patient 's brain may be surgically removed to prevent future seizures .
Though it 's far too invasive and risky to ever be used for academic research , it gave Sahin 's team a chance to watch brains as they processed language .
The patients are " just sitting in a hospital bed , looking at a laptop , and they 're jacked in , with wires right into their brain .
And we 're listening to the brain cells talking , " said Sahin .
" It 's fantastic that we cold get so close to the actual neural data .
Compared to fMRI , it 's like a close - up , high - speed camera where you can see each beat of a hummingbird 's wings , versus taking a picture of the bird flying around a flower . "
During the several days that three patients at Massachusetts General Hospital were medically wired , Sahin 's team asked them to repeat words verbatim , and translate them to past and present tense .
In the space of a quarter - second , a small part of Broca 's area — the only part read by the electrodes — received each word , put the word in a correct tense , and sent it to the brain 's speech centers .
This tested only one type of verbal cognition , cautioned Sahin , and the focus was unavoidably narrow , but it was enough to show that Broca 's area is involved not only in translating speech , but receiving it .
That role was considered specific to part of the brain called Wernicke 's area .
More broadly , the findings may represent a general rule for Broca 's area , and perhaps other brain regions :
Each part plays multiple roles , rather than performing a single task .
" It 's very distinct from a model where part A does job A . Instead it 's part A doing jobs A , B and C , " said Sahin .
In a commentary accompanying the findings , Max Planck Institute cognitive scientists Peter Hagoort and Willem Levelt said that since Broca 's original observations , " relatively little progress has been made in understanding the neural infrastructure that supports speech production . "
The fine - grained Science data " suggests that we are witnessing the ' first go ' process at work here , " they said .
In further ICE studies of patients , Sahin 's team will study other parts of the language process , as well as the role of Broca 's area in music and movement .
In addition to illuminating the brain 's complex choreography , researchers hope the findings will eventually be applied to treating language disorders .
" I'm happy to contribute a piece to the puzzle , " said Sahin .
" And the puzzle seems to get more complicated each time you put another piece into it . "
Image : Ned Sahin
See Also :
Citations : " Sequential Processing of Lexical , Grammatical , and Phonological Information Within Broca ’s Area . "
By Ned T. Sahin , Steven Pinker , Sydney S. Cash , Donald Schomer , Eric Halgren .
Science , Vol. 326 No. 5951 , October 16 , 2009 .
" The Speaking Brain . " By Peter Hagoort and Willem Levelt .
Science , Vol. 326 No. 5951 , October 16 , 2009 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecosystem and planetary tipping points .
The Rock - afire Explosion - An Introduction
The Rock - afire Explosion is considered by many to be the greatest animatronic rock band of all time .
In the 1980s it was synonymous with ShowBiz Pizza Place restaurants , for which it was specifically designed .
Its combination of three full stages , incredible music talent , amazing cast of characters , and sophisticated animation have left an endearing mark on the hearts of its fans .
The Rock - afire Explosion has been relatively absent from the public 's view for nearly two decades , however , a new interest has emerged because of the Rock - afire 's presence on YouTube .
There have been many blogs , printed articles , and a documentary film to commemorate this newfound interest in the Rock - afire Explosion band .
Just as predictable as the media's “ gotcha ” coverage whenever a politician gets caught cheating or stealing is the inevitable call by political reform groups for more laws to prevent such abuse in the future and for “ better ” ways of financing campaigns .
They ignore warning from our nations Founders ' who understood that the more corrupt a State the more it legislates .
We certainly do need honest and moral people with integrity to run for office .
We certainly should applaud and support those elected officials who are honest and keep their hands out of the cookie jar .
It 's pointless and disingenuous however to propose that forcing taxpayers to fund political campaigns they do n't agree with will promote honesty .
Compelling anyone to pay for something they oppose is not just dishonest and corrupt , it is immoral .
Corruption stems not from lobbyists money but from taxpayer money .
As long as government is n't limited in what it can spend your money on there will always be people who will find a way to get the politicians to spend it on them .
Lord Acton said , “ Power tends to corrupt .
Absolute power tends to corrupt absolutely . ”
The corollary to this is that without power there can be no corruption for the politician has nothing to sell .
The absolute corruption of absolute power is evident in North Carolina government .
Taxpayer - funded elections would only further strengthen the absolute power of the Democrat - Republican duopoly that wields on iron grip on state government by manipulating the law to favor supporters , reward cronies and thwart any third party or independent candidate who challenges that control .
Government is no longer about protecting individual liberty and promoting personal responsibility , it 's about “ what 's in it for me ” and “ how much can I get . ”
If you reduce government power and restore the concept of limited government our nation was founded on , you eliminate the opportunity for corruption .
Of course , the major party duopoly is not interested in reducing their power .
That is why North Carolina has the most restrictive ballot access laws in the nation .
Any non-Demopublican or independent candidate must collect 80,000 or more signatures to qualify for the ballot .
That takes time and money .
Once they have climbed that mountain they can start running a campaign .
That is , if they have not exhausted all their volunteers , resources and energy just getting to the starting line .
It 's like asking an athlete to run a marathon before entering 100 meter race .
Real campaign finance reform will begin the ballot box when Libertarians , Greens , Constitution and independent candidates can challenge the two - party state in a race without first having to have run a marathon .
Op Ed written for North Carolinians for Free & Proper Elections
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Nico Rosberg has confirmed he will leave the Williams team at the end of the 2009 season , after four years with the British squad .
Rosberg has been linked with a switch to the Brawn GP team for several weeks , and he has made it clear he wants to be driving a winning car in 2010 .
The 24 - year - old confirmed in Abu Dhabi on Thursday that he is to leave Williams after his current contract ends .
" It is my last race for Williams , " said Rosberg .
" And that is it really .
It is a bit strange because for four or five years it is the only team I have worked with , so it has been a long time .
" I get on with everybody really well , obviously , and a lot of respect has built up - with the mechanics and everyone .
So it will be quite strange to leave .
" I can also use this opportunity to thank the team , because all in all I think they have done , for my career , a lot of good .
Especially Sir Frank [ Williams ] , Adam Parr , Sam Michael and Patrick [ Head ] , they supported my career all these years .
So it is a big thank you to them . "
He added : " I do n't want to talk about my future .
I just want to say that I wo n't be at Williams , because that is for sure . "
In a study conducted at Stanford , psychologists discovered that people who hold extreme opinions are more likely to voice them loudly than those who hold moderate opinions .
At last , science has explained most of what you read on the internet .
Advertisement
Ohio State professor Kimberly Rios Morrison polled Stanford University students about what they thought about students drinking alcohol .
What she discovered was that the students with the most extreme pro-alcohol stance expressed their opinions most readily , in general because they believed that they were voicing the majority opinion .
But polls showed that the majority of students had a moderate to anti-alcohol stance .
When pro-alcohol students were shown evidence that most people did n't support their views , they were far more reluctant to express their extreme opinions .
Said Morrison :
It is only when they have this sense that they are in the majority that extremely pro-alcohol students are more willing to express their views on the issue .
Advertisement
Sounds like this study explains internet trolling and flame wars too .
People with extreme views who are extremely loud about them manage to delude themselves into thinking everybody agrees .
Morrison added :
You have a cycle that feeds on itself : the more you hear these extremists expressing their opinions , the more you are going to believe that those extreme beliefs are normal for your community .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
No word yet on how to break the cycle , especially with trolls , who may not care whether the majority agree with them or not .
But we can only hope further research will lead to a simple way to cure extremists of their belief that everybody shares their opinions and wants them to keep talking .
via Ohio State
We suppose dreams really do come true .
Nearly a full year after we heard that VIA was toiling on a new processor line to really give Intel 's aging Atom a run for its money , the company has come clean and confessed that those whispers were indeed true .
The Isaiah - based Nano 3000 Series is a range of six new CPUs clocked between 1GHz and 2GHz , all of which boast an 800MHz FSB , 64 - bit support , SSE4 instructions , Windows 7 / Linux compatibility and power ratings that check in some 20 percent more efficient than existing VIA Nano processors .
There 's also the promise of 1080 p multimedia playback , and VIA swears that we 'll see these popping up in all - in - one desktops as well as thin - and - light laptops in the very near future .
How soon , you ask ?
Samples are shipping now to OEMs , with mass production slated for Q1 2010 .
The French letter was found in a bottle with a lock of hair
A French love letter and a lock of hair have been discovered in a bottle washed up on a Cornish beach .
Martin Leslie , who is sector manager for the coastguard , discovered the note at Praa Sands when he was clearing debris from the shore in west Cornwall .
The bottle , which was sealed with candle wax , was dated 25 September .
It was written in French by an unnamed woman who poured out her feelings and understandings for her lover who had to return to his wife .
' Beautiful life '
The letter included references to love , death and heartache .
It covered three pages of A4 - sized paper and was accompanied by the lock of brown hair .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
It opened with : " I 'm not , and nor are you .
When I am dead and that I will have lost the spark of my 20s , and I know that happens , at this point I will come back to you and you in turn will give me back your extraordinary passion for living .
I am not dead .
Yet . "
Mr Leslie , who does not speak French , tried to translate the letter and was concerned about its content .
He said : " I assumed that it was a suicidal note that we came across .
I contacted Falmouth coastguard who sent a fax of it to our counterparts in France .
" It was found to be a love letter .
She ( the writer ) explained they had a good time together .
She loves him but understands he has to return to his wife , and hopes she will find a man like him to live a beautiful life . "
The unnamed woman recalls the time she and her lover spent together , alluding to the affair .
" These magic moments are pure secret .
The secret of life and pleasure without limits .
In twenty years , it will still be here , the previous moments of happiness , when life will get dreary , we will be able to tap into these memories to remember what it is to live again . "
Mr Leslie said he was planning to keep hold of the letter , which was left unsigned , with no contact address .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Skip to comments .
Senators to strip health insurers of antitrust exemption
Posted on by Sub - Driver
Senators to strip health insurers of antitrust exemption By Michael O'Brien - 10/21/09 10:58 AM
ET
A group of Senate Democratic leaders is set to announce Wednesday that they have decided to strip health insurers of their antitrust exemption .
According to a post on Twitter from Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) this morning , Reid , Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - Vt. ) , and Democratic Caucus Chairman Chuck Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) would make the announcement about the antitrust rules this morning .
Reid tweeted Wednesday :
Leahy , Schumer and I will announce today @ 11:30 am ET that we will strip the health ins industry of its exemption from antritrust laws
TOPICS :
Front Page News
Government
News / Current Events
KEYWORDS :
So much for capitalism .......
To : Sub - Driver
Weasels ... Correction , Imeant Dirty Weasels !
To : Sub - Driver
Please explain why conservatives do n’t like this ?
I would think that we would want less government in any business issues .
I do n’t understand what the problem is .
To : DallasDeb
Stripping an exemption from antitrust means exposing these companies to more , not less regulation .
To : Sub - Driver
Non-issue : Contrary to Democratic rhetoric , repealing the insurance industry 's antitrust exemption wo n't reduce prices or profits .
The legislative basis for the insurance antitrust exemption is the 1945 McCarran - Ferguson Act , which also codified state insurance regulation as national policy .
This statute exempts the " business of insurance " from federal antitrust law provided that the activities are ( 1 ) regulated by state law and ( 2 ) do not involve boycott , coercion or intimidation .
Its passage followed a 1944 Supreme Court ruling that insurance was interstate commerce and therefore subject to federal antitrust law a ruling that cast doubt on states ' exclusive regulatory role , and the legality of then typical agreements among property and casualty insurers to use rates developed jointly by state or regional insurance rating organizations .
by 5 posted onby Yo- Yo ( Joe Wilson speaks for me . )
To : Sub - Driver
This is the definition of tyranny , you play the governments way or get laws passed to isolate and punish you .
I do n’t know why the Insurance companies were deemed exempt from the monopoly laws , but I bet it was none with forethought and deliberation , not from a point of vengeance .
This administration / congress is on the path to totalitarianism and oppression .
I wonder what / when the tipping point will be reached ..
by 6 posted onby Robe ( Rome did not create a great empire by talking , they did it by killing all those who opposed them )
To : Sub - Driver
So let ’s see now , they have taken over the banks and other financial institutions , they have taken over two of the three major automobile manufacturers , they are going to tax most of the energy sector of the economy out of existence , they are in the process of seizing control of the media and now they are going to destroy a major service industry and replace it with a complicated and expensive set of government programs .
How are we any different from the most socialized of European states ?
When did the Soviets win the Cold War ?
What are they doing to our country ?
To : Sub - Driver
I think , this is the ultimate nuclear option , if obamacare is defeated in congress , the Libs will then attempt to use this to put the insurance industry out of business .
Once there is simply no way to purchase insurance , then they will come in to “ save the day ” with their public option .
To : Sub - Driver
From what I read , it sounds like the Communists are just putting pressure on health insurers to bend to the will of obama .
( We ’ll drop this if you comply )
by 9 posted onby RetSignman ( Townhalls ... " We have seen the Patriots and they are us " )
To : Sub - Driver
any sign that the insurance industry is going to react , or are they just going to whimper off into the night ?
To : Sub - Driver ; Jet Jaguar ; NorwegianViking ; ExTexasRedhead ; HollyB ; FromLori ; ...
The list , ping
by 11 posted onby Nachum ( The complete Obama list at www.nachumlist.com)
To : Buckeye McFrog
The doctors , health care workers and drug companies better be watching their own backs , because they started out the way the insurance companies did , playing nice , and they are going to be throughly screwed , too , before this is all over .
To : Sub - Driver
Yep .
What is that saying - First they came for .....
Pretty soon we ’ll have nothing left of this country .
by 13 posted onby Grumpybutt ( Common Sense - where has it gone ? )
To : Sub - Driver
Thuggery !
by 14 posted onby mort56 ( He who would sacrifice freedom for security deserves neither .
- Ben Franklin )
To : DallasDeb
Antitrust laws and their enforcement have no clear standards that would permit an enterprise to determine in advance whether they are in compliance with the law or in violation of the law .
Rather , they are a political tool that is manipulated by the party in power to arbitrarily punish companies or individuals at the whim of the powerful , or to extort huge sums and changes in behavior from the ' victims ' .
It 's also a corrupt vehicle for well - connected and powerful attorneys to guarantee full employment at obscene hourly rates - a classic type of " rent seeking " for law firms .
Example : Look at how the Lyndon Johnson administration filed its antitrust suit against IBM in 1969 on the last day of Johnson 's term - if it were a non-political attempt at law enforcement , then certainly the career attorneys in Nixon 's Justice Department could have handled the matter .
So , antitrust laws violate numerous protections of the Constitution , not the least of which is the " equal protection of the law " .
Exempting an industry from antitrust violations would seem to be beneficial to the " rule of law " , and ought to be granted to all businesses and industries .
Instead , the corrupt Senate Democrats are attempting to remove the antitrust exemption from an industry , both as a punishment in and of itself , as well as to open up the industry to coercion and extortion by government criminals and lawyer parasites ...
by 15 posted onby Zeppo ( Save the cheerleader , save the world ... )
To : Sub - Driver ; DallasDeb ; Pearls Before Swine
I think this is great !
I hope they do !
It means more competition , less price fixing .
And it will mean that the uninsured can sue providers for providing services cheaper to insurance companies than they will provide those same services to the uninsured .
There is no reason that uninsured pay 4 times more than insurance companies do .
You ca n’t justify that difference in marketing costs , because the providers still have to market to the community .
To : Sub - Driver
A group of Senate Democratic leaders is set to announce Wednesday that they have decided to strip health insurers of their antitrust exemption .
OK then if it so true that the insurance companies are acting in an anti-trust manner then the Dems should eliminate the ban on selling health plans across state lines .
The number one reason that any health insurance company could even be in a true position to be a RICO entity is in continueing this ban that limits competition in a state due to the lack of plans across state lines .
by 17 posted onby torchthemummy ( No Obama : Not Because He 's Black But Because He's Red )
To : DallasDeb
Please explain why conservatives dont like this ?
My reaction is that an honest review of the policy on it's merit is fine and appropriate .
But this has nothing to do with the merit or lack of merit of the exemption or the merit in removing it .
This is all about government abuse of power .
( AGAIN )
This congress and this president wield their power as a cudgel , to award or take away something to get people and organizations to fall in line and support the latest government idiocy .
The old adage about standing aside when the government comes for others and eventually having to stand alone when they come for you is becoming a reality in the Obama Reich .
But this time they are coming for the Patriots , the Veterans , the FOX News Reporters , the Capitalists , the Constitutionalists , the Bitter Clingers and anyone not sufficiently supportive of Obama .
" First they came ... "
" First they came for the communists , and I did not speak out because I was not a communist ;
Then they came for the socialists , and I did not speak out because I was not a socialist ;
Then they came for the trade unionists , and I did not speak out because I was not a trade unionist ;
Then they came for the Jews , and I did not speak out because I was not a Jew ;
Then they came for me  and there was no one left to speak out for me . " -- ( Attributed to Pastor Martin Niemöller - 18921984 )
.
by 18 posted onby Iron Munro ( Suppose you were an idiot , and suppose you were a member of Congress ; but I repeat myself )
To : torchthemummy
This is about taking away state ’s regulations and having a government regulation dictate to all insurance companies .
by 19 posted onby Carley ( OBAMA IS A MALEVOLENT FORCE IN THE WORLD )
To : Pearls Before Swine
This is great !
Name one other industry that operates without being subject to Federal anti-trust laws .
Insurance companies , via the McCarran - Ferguson Act , have had an unfair advantage over every other business .
The McCarran - Ferguson
Act was passed in response to the crazy notion that insurance was not interstate commerce , and therefore not subject to Congressional oversight .
Ridiculous !
If insurance is regulated on a national level rather than a state level , it would pave the way for the creation of Association Health Plans that allow small businesses to buy health insurance across state lines .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
What would you do to get a new customer or some more business ?
Just last week , while vacationing with my family in South Carolina , I drove by this sign .
I kind of view it as an interesting marketing effort .
It certainly can increase the visibility of this company among all the other similar businesses along this somewhat rural , lake area street .
I am not sure of the details or what exactly this tractor and boat shop was offering .
It made me consider the various methods and or limits we all go to , to gain business .
I work with people that are interested in buying or selling a business , but recognize that all businesses need new business .
I ’ve hear it said “ If you are not growing you are dying ” , I ’m not so sure it is that black and white but subscribe to the concept .
Today ’s business climate encourages cost cutting measures .
It is fairly easy to cut marketing / sales expenses , as these cost very often are not “ fixed cost ” , and can be readily modified or reduced if needed .
Maintaining marketing sales effort now in preparation for a recovery is a sound approach .
Ultimately gaining the attention of prospects or potential customers is one of the more critical parts of a marketing effort .
This Tractor / Boat shop through no real additional cost certainly grabbed my attention .
( And I am not in the market for a boat a tractor or an AK - 47 . )
While I pulled off the road and into the parking lot to take a picture of this sign , I saw no customers coming out of this place of business with a tractor and AK - 47 over their shoulder .
But , I do believe the effort and uniqueness of this sign did and will help bring more potential customers into the store .
Marketing efforts can be fairly inexpensive , and sitting back , stopping marketing efforts and waiting for recovery can prove to be very expensive as well .
Green building activity has sustained impressive growth during 2009 , amid a brutal construction market that has decimated other segments of the construction marketplace , according to the 2009 Green Building Market & Impact Report published today by GreenerBuildings.com .
According to report author Rob Watson , floor area registered and certified by the U.S. Green Building Council 's LEED green building rating system in 2009 is estimated to grow by over 40 percent compared to last year 's totals , for a cumulative total of over 7 billion square feet worldwide since the standard was launched in 2000 .
The square footage of LEED - certified office space , now and through 2030 .
Art by Seth Fields .
Click for full - sized .
The annual report , which can be freely downloaded at www.GreenerBuildings.com, assesses the environmental impacts of green building as well as its impact on the overall building market .
It found that while dramatic declines in 2009 U.S. new non-residential construction might result in construction starts dipping below the one billion square foot mark for the first time in many years , registrations of LEED new construction projects in the U.S. are expected to exceed 1 billion square feet .
" There may be a ' lifeboat effect ' at work , where the market is jumping to the hot trend in the hopes of dodging the economic bullet , " said Watson , who served as the U.S. Green Building Council 's national LEED Steering Committee Chairman between 1994 and 2005 .
" Somewhat reflecting this , membership in the USGBC is stronger than forecast , expecting to grow over 10 percent and top 20,000 for the first time , compared with a predicted 3 percent decrease . "
On the environmental front , Watson notes , " Overall , LEED 's green impact shows some impressive numbers , but relative to the problem still is not providing sufficient contribution to halting unmanageable climate change . "
Among the report 's key findings :
• The estimate of reduced vehicle miles traveled ( VMT ) has grown to 780 million VMT to date versus 400 million in 2008 .
By 2030 , the annual gasoline savings are expected to equal current U.S. imports from the Middle East .
• Total water savings from LEED through 2009 is estimated at 15 billion gallons , comprising 0.5 percent of annual non-residential water use .
By 2030 , LEED results in nearly 1.3 trillion gallons of saved water , equivalent to 30 percent of current annual non-residential water use .
• Annual carbon dioxide savings from LEED buildings is approximately 2.9 million tons from energy efficiency and renewables , a figure that is expected to grow to 130 million tons per year by 2020 and almost 320 million tons annually by 2030 .
• Based on average materials costs , green building materials represented approximately $ 7 billion in cumulative spending through 2009 , which is expected to reach a cumulative $ 230 billion by 2030 .
Moreover , the embodied energy in buildings that are renovated instead of demolished is expected to save as much energy in 2030 as we import this year from Saudi Arabia .
In addition , an average of over 60 percent of construction and demolition waste was diverted from LEED projects , totaling 25 million tons to date .
• An average of at least 580,000 employees are currently enjoying improved indoor environments in LEED buildings at present , and the " green building workforce " is expected to approach 29 million by 2020 and almost 64 million by 2030 .
The productivity benefits from LEED buildings to date range from $ 230 to $ 450 million .
The report also assesses the impact of green building outside the United States .
According to Watson , non-U.S. green building reached nearly 800 million square feet of registered projects in 2009 , representing more than a fourth of all project square footage .
Non-U.S. LEED projects could show a 30 percent increase in registration this year , thanks in large part to green building booms in China , India , and the Middle East .
Green building is also growing quickly in Europe , notably Germany and Italy .
The 2009 Green Building Market & Impact Report can be downloaded for free at GreenerBuildings.com /impact2009
Well , in their desperate need to backpedal from the CRU Climategate , CRU is all of sudden become quite skeptical of global warming !
Â
First let me remind folks that the Little Ice Age ‘ just ended ’ ( in geologic time ) Â less than 200 years ago .
It is no surprise the Earth has been warming since then .
The last major ice age was 10,000 years ago .
Â
As noted Australian scientist and skeptic Ian Pilmer notes , there were two 400 + year periods since the last major ice age where the temperature was much higher than today ( the Roman and Medieval Warm Periods ) .
So with that in mind , check out this CRU response to Climategate :
The principal conclusion from these studies ( summarized in IPCC AR4 ) is that the second half of the 20th century was very likely ( 90 % probable ) warmer than any other 50 - year period in the last 500 years and likely ( 66 % probable ) the warmest in the past 1300 years .
Emphasis mine .
Well , the raw CRU data shows that the first half of the last century ( 1900 - 1960 ) was as warm or warmer than it is today .
But even if it was not warmer , it was within the uncertainty of the processed data .
But let ’s assume this claim still holds water , so what if this was the warmest half century since the beginning of the Little Ice Age !
We have only had 3 half centuries since the LIA ended !
We all know the Earth has been thankfully warming since this bleak time in humanity ”s brief existence .
What struck me was the extremely low confidence CRU gave that today is significantly warmer than the previous warm periods prior to the Little Ice Age .
A 66 % ‘ probability ’ means nothing .
It means they do n’t know , it could just as easily be as warm or colder now .
What CRU is admitting ( to get their butts out of the legal sling they are now in ) is the science is not settled , the conclusions are not firm , the data is not clear .
They are surrendering to reality , one lame admission at a time .
ALSIP , Illinois ( Reuters Life ! ) - Mona Purdy , a Chicago hairdresser , has seen what a pair of used shoes can do to change the lives of poor children .
Students from a local high school sort donated shoes and boots at the Share Your Soles warehouse in the Chicago suburb of Alsip , Illinois November 5 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Frank Polich
At a Jamaican orphanage , girls suffering from deformities and burns could n’t believe the shoes Purdy had given them were theirs to keep .
“ They had not had Christmas , ever .
Christmas was giving them these used shoes in March , ” said Purdy , the founder of the charity , Share Your Soles , her voice cracking with emotion .
“ I ’m thinking , ‘ I should n’t be here .
I should be home with my kids . ’
After I saw these kids I realized I am so supposed to be here . ”
The impetus for the charity began 10 years ago when Purdy participated in a race in Guatemala , where local children put hot tar on the bottom of their feet and ran along the side of rocky course .
It was fortified when she learned that in many countries having shoes is a prerequisite for attending schools , and how walking in bare feet can cause injuries and infections that can lead to amputation .
“ It blew my mind .
I did n’t know kids did n’t have shoes anywhere , ” said Purdy , a divorced mother of three , recalling what led her to start the charity in her suburban Chicago home .
With more and more shoes being donated , it later moved to bigger warehouses and expanded to more countries with the help of donated space and shipping .
Now volunteers from all walks of life help sort the footwear that arrives in bags , boxes and barrels at the 400,000 - square - foot ( 122 - meter ) warehouse in Alsip , Illinois , from shoe drives and drop - off centers across the U.S .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Elegant sandals , sturdy hiking boots , gym shoes and tiny baby shoes are cleaned or polished and sent to countries such as Uganda , Peru and Lithuania .
“ If you see anything that you have to think twice about throw it out , ” Purdy told high school volunteers recently , emphazing the importance of respecting the dignity of the shoe recipients .
The students are taught to sort the footwear -- snow boots go to American Indian reservations in South Dakota , rubber boots are destined for people scavenging garbage dumps in Haiti and slip - on water shoes are headed for the Amazon .
Soccer cleats go everywhere .
“ I ’m trying to teach these kids that if you do something small you wo n’t save someone ’s life , but you can change someone ’s life , ” Purdy said .
Collecting and distributing 900,000 pairs of used shoes over the past decade has changed Purdy ’s life .
She is now the executive director of a charity which has no religious or government affiliation and has helped the needy in at least 29 countries and several U.S. states .
She has resorted to bribes in some countries to ensure the shoes are n’t sold , been infected with parasites and suffered from fevers .
But whatever adversity she encountered , it has been diminished by the joy she witnessed .
At an all - boys orphanage in Ecuador , even a mismarked box of girls shoes was welcomed .
“ The boys were so happy that they got some shoes even though they were little girls ’ leather school shoes .
Some had straps and little bows on them , ” she explained .
With the 10 - year anniversary of Share Your Soles behind her , Purdy would like to become a United Nations Goodwill Ambassador .
She also wants to apply for federal grants to bolster the charity ’s $ 975,000 annual budget .
“ It might begin with shoes , ” she said .
“ But it does n’t end there . ”
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
The U.S. military suffered another day of heavy losses in Afghanistan on Tuesday as roadside bombs killed eight soldiers , two military officials told CNN .
An Afghan civilian working with NATO troops also was killed in the attacks in southern Afghanistan , the military said .
The officials said that , according to initial reports , one blast took place just outside Kandahar and the other was in neighboring Zabul province .
Seven of the soldiers who died were traveling together in one vehicle , said Sgt. Jerome Baysmore with the International Security Assistance Force Joint Command .
The military gave no further details about the bombings , which it said also wounded several other service members .
The official said one service member was killed in one attack , while the other seven were killed in the other attack .
The U.S. military described the bombings as " multiple complex IED attacks , " which means they were followed by small arms fire , the official said .
That has been the typical Taliban operational method for attacking U.S. forces in recent months , the official said .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs issued a statement of condolence : " As always our prayers go out to those who have lost a loved one and for those who sacrificed so much to serve our country . "
The attacks happened a day after 14 Americans were killed in a pair of helicopter crashes in Afghanistan .
The 14 deaths were the largest number of Americans killed in Afghanistan in a single day in more than four years .
With the deaths of two troops on Sunday , a total of 24 Americans , most of them military , have been killed in 48 hours .
That makes October 2009 , with 58 fatalities , the deadliest month for the U.S. military since the Afghanistan war began in October 2001 .
Enemy action was not thought to be the cause of either of Monday 's helicopter crashes .
Three Drug Enforcement Administration special agents and seven U.S. troops were killed in one crash in western Afghanistan as they returned from a raid on a compound believed to be harboring insurgents tied to drug trafficking .
The DEA identified its agents as Forrest N. Leamon , 37 , of Woodbridge , Virginia ; Chad L. Michael , 30 , of Quantico , Virginia ; and Michael E. Weston , 37 , of Washington .
Leamon and Michael were members of the DEA 's Foreign - deployed Advisory and Support Teams , and West was assigned to the agency 's Kabul Country Office .
Monday 's other crash , in which two helicopters collided over southern Afghanistan , killed four Marines .
It is roadside bombs , commonly referred to as IEDs , short for improvised explosive devices , that have caused the majority of U.S. fatalities in Afghanistan in recent months .
Last month , Defense Secretary Robert Gates approved a deployment of up to 3,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan to deal with the growing threat from roadside bombs .
Such attacks have been on a steady rise since February and account for 70 percent of U.S. casualties in Afghanistan this year , according to U.S. military statistics .
Compared with just two years ago , the number of American troops killed by roadside bombs is up 400 percent .
" That 's the No. 1 threat , " Adm .
Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said in July about IEDs in Afghanistan .
Eighty - two deadly attacks occurred in June , almost double the number from May , and 105 in July , according to the latest U.S. military statistics .
Maj . Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti , commander of U.S. troops in eastern Afghanistan , said he has noticed an " increasing sophistication " in the types of IEDs used .
" We 're seeing some of the tactics , techniques and procedures that were used in Iraq , and [ were ] common there , migrate , obviously , here , " Scaparrotti said in a recent briefing on operations in his area of command .
CNN Pentagon producer Mike Mount in Washington contributed to this report .
In the Kraft Foods cookie and candy factory north of Buenos Aires , management refused to act on simple , government - proposed safety measures against swine flu — such as paper towels -- and touched off a firestorm of worker discontent that included a 38 - day sit-in , a police attack , and marches of thousands of supporters .
Management ’s response to the swine flu threat in July was to close the factory daycare center .
Workers decided to hold a work stoppage — inside the plant .
Management then fired 160 people , including elected delegates ( stewards ) , violating Argentinean law .
The campaign to get the 160 workers back resulted in two months of militant action in solidarity with the fired workers .
Eighty occupied the plant , while their co-workers struck , picketed , and blocked highways .
Around the country thousands of students , union activists , and other groups held solidarity actions .
Despite a government order to rehire the delegates and negotiate on further rehiring , Kraft refused .
Kraft is the second - largest food company in the world .
Workers see the latest aggression as part of the international corporation ’s decision to restructure the factory , which makes Oreos and other cookies and candies .
Management in the Illinois headquarters had already decided to cut jobs by contracting out , eliminating the night shift , moving to 12 - hour shifts , and crushing the union , in moves reminiscent of Kraft ’s policies in other Latin American countries .
On September 25 police took the factory from the occupying workers and attacked with tear gas , rubber bullets , dogs , and horses .
They arrested 65 people and injured 12 , including workers and their family members .
The assault was televised live , and millions of Argentinians witnessed levels of violent repression not seen since the 1976 - 1982 military dictatorship or the December 2001 rebellion which removed the government in the wake of a major economic collapse .
SUPPORT LABOR NOTES BECOME A MONTHLY DONOR Give $ 10 a month or more and get our " Fight the Boss , Build the Union " T - shirt .
The conflict at Kraft is igniting other popular protests across the country , with student associations , human rights groups like Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo , and unions representing subway workers and hospital employees demanding an end to union repression and mass firings .
The broad - based citizen response is partly fueled by indignation at transnational corporations that violate national sovereignty by breaking labor laws .
The U.S. embassy issued a statement demanding protection of private property and a permanent solution to the Kraft conflict .
Kraft has now partially backed down .
The company has rehired 70 fired employees ; promised not to close any shift and to maintain all the jobs ; allowed the delegates to enter the plant and do their union work , and agreed to discuss the situations , one by one , of the 45 workers that remain fired ( another 45 agreed to leave in exchange for large buyouts ) .
Meanwhile , production has resumed , and workers are refreshing their forces and having workplace assemblies to discuss their next steps .
Elections for union delegates will be held November 3 .
Union members are expected to show the company through their votes that they support their leadership — contrary to Kraft ’s line that the conflict was caused by a small group of troublemakers .
[ Daniel Ximenez is with the Taller de Estudios Laborales — Labor Studies Workshop — www.tel.org.ar--in Buenos Aires . ]
The majority of companies that improperly backdated stock options never were caught by regulators or confessed to the practice , according to a new academic study .
Researchers at the University of Houston's C.T. Bauer College of Business used a sophisticated statistical test to sift through more than 4,000 publicly traded companies for those with patterns of granting options at abnormally favorable times , often at low points for their share prices .
The ...
( CNN ) --
After actress Mackenzie Phillips spoke about her sexual relationship with her musician father , online and telephone calls to an anti-sexual assault hot line surged .
Mackenzie Phillips told Larry King that incest survivors are " incredibly underrepresented . "
Her interviews in the past few weeks brought a spotlight to an uncomfortable topic .
Incest , a common but highly stigmatized form of sexual abuse , often leaves the victim ashamed , isolated and unable to tell others what 's happening , because the perpetrator is someone related to him or her , mental health experts said .
" For any survivor of sexual trauma , it 's challenging , and it takes a lot of courage to come forward , " said Jennifer Wilson , director of the National Sexual Assault hot line .
" With incest survivors , it 's particularly difficult , because not only is there social stigma pressuring them to stay quiet , but also there 's pressure that 's within the family to stay quiet . "
The Rape , Abuse & Incest National Network , which calls itself the nation 's largest anti-sexual assault organization , said it had seen an 83 percent increase in activity on its online hot line and a 26 percent increase on its telephone hot line after Phillips ' interview with Oprah Winfrey aired last week .
" Unfortunately , it 's something we hear everyday in our hot line , so to have somebody speak aloud about it was empowering to a lot of victims and survivors who went through similar situations , " Wilson said .
Phillips spoke about the taboo nature of incest in her interview with CNN's Larry King .
" There 's very little in this world that is taboo today , but this subject is still , like , shove it under the carpet , sweep it away , protect the abuser , deny the reality .
...
You 're just on your own , " the former child star said .
This makes it one of the most under - reported and least discussed crimes , experts said .
A U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics report found that of the 60,000 sexual assault cases reported in 12 states in 2000 , about a quarter were perpetrated by family members .
About half of the sexual assault cases with victims younger than 11 involved family members .
At times , a victim may feel unable to tell other family members what 's happening .
And if he or she tells a relative , that family member may have " a knee - jerk reaction , " refusing to believe it .
Relatives may try to protect the offender in order to keep the family together or to avoid the shame and stigma , Wilson said .
This takes a devastating toll on a victim .
" Their sexual selves are damaged .
Their emotional selves are damaged , because ' who do I trust ? ' " said Debra Laino , a sex therapist and counselor .
" ' My father did this .
My mother did this .
Who can I trust if I can't trust my family ? ' "
Sometimes the reluctance to report the crime comes from the victim , because he or she does n't want to see the family member in jail .
Although Phillips called the sexual relationship with her famed father , John Phillips , " wrong , " she said , " I do n't want bad things to happen to him , but I also do n't want bad things to happen to me as a result of this .
And I was convinced to let it lie . "
Her father , a co-founder of the Mamas & the Papas , died in 2001 .
Father - or stepfather - daughter incest is the most common form , although it also occurs between mother and child , according to the National Center for Victims of Crime .
A sexual assault victim could suffer physical effects of the crime such as sexually transmitted infections , genital trauma and urinary tract infections .
They could also experience many mental health effects : social withdrawal , isolation , post - traumatic stress disorder and regressive behavior such as bedwetting and thumb sucking .
Some become hypersexual and engage in destructive behaviors , experts said .
Humans " have an instinct for avoiding incest or inbreeding , " said Debra Lieberman , an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Miami ( Florida ) who researches incest .
But alcohol , drugs and mental illness may disrupt that instinct .
" Under the heavy influence of cocaine or heroin or whatever else you 're taking , your mental boundaries are skewed , essentially , " Laino said .
The offender 's sexual frustrations could also contribute to inappropriate actions .
" It also depends on his other mating opportunities , " Lieberman said .
" What is the quality of his current relationship with the female 's mother ?
Is she around ?
What is the ability for the guy to attract other mates ? "
The perpetrator , frustrated by the absence of suitable sexual partners , may turn to whomever is around -- even if it 's kin .
Recovery from incest can occur , but it often takes years .
A victim of incest has to understand that it's not his or her fault and get professional help , Wilson said .
" It does n't make you broken , " Phillips said .
" It does n't make it so that you can't go on and be -- once you deal with honestly and realistically what you 've been through , it does n't mean that you can't be counted on or you can't be well enough to be a part of the world . "
All About Mackenzie Phillips • John Phillips • Sexual Offenses
When publisher Black Isle Studios closed its doors , the Baldur 's Gate saga ended abruptly , leaving fans of the High Fantasy RPG series with few other options as polished and fully - realised as Shadows of Amn and its expansion , Throne of Baal .
When Bioware took up the crown itself , eventually wowing a legion of players with Knights of the Old Republic and Mass Effect , a new RPG heavyweight had assured its place in the tomes of gaming lore .
Check+out+the+latest +Dragon+Age:+Origins+videos+by+clicking+above!
RPG+fans+will+find+a+lot+to+love+about+Dragon+Age:+Origins .
Here we are ; a decade after the release of the original Baldur 's Gate .
In some respects , it 's amazing how little has changed beyond superficialities in a game like Dragon Age : Origins .
Bioware rightly assert that this is the spiritual successor to Baldur 's Gate II ( though , we think we 're going to see a true sequel in the coming years ) – and fans of the series will feel right at home in this High Fantasy realm .
At the same time , there 's something lacking - and we can't shake that nagging feeling .
As a note to sensitive readers , there are no story spoilers ahead ; we 'll be talking of setting and characters in broad brushstrokes only , so you can breathe out now .
Set in the land of Ferelden , its residents under threat from the Darkspawn invasion from the south , your short - term mission is to join ( or be coerced into ) the ranks of The Grey Wardens ; basically the ' Interpol ' of Ferelden , tasked with defending the regions of the land from this ancient threat .
That 's the short hand ; a few hours of play ( or a couple of percent of the overall story ) are spent in this prologue – and you 'll be grateful for the gradual learning curve .
Even absolute RPG veterans will find the new combat system somewhat daunting at first .
Your adventure has one of six different openings and can play out in a surprising number of ways .
Your background determines the initial setting , your social status and the reaction certain characters will give you by default .
An RPG of this nature lives or dies by its subtlety in this respect however , and while the dialogue options definitely divide Lawful Good and Chaotic Evil , there 's no cut - and - dry alignment tracking .
Instead , what might appear to be the ' good ' lines of dialogue will sometimes lead you in directions you had no intention of moving towards .
The structure of this game hinges around these dialogue decisions .
You really need to pay attention to subtext , which we found surprising ; frankly , while Dragon Age : Origins
Your actions also have as much impact on how your party members view you to make you double - think which quests you undertake and how that might affect the end - game .
If you 're pursuing the love of the dark - eyed shape - shifting mage , Morrigan , it 's best not to come across as a goody - two - shoes .
Of course , choosing not to help
Timmy the little orphan might well alienate your other party members – and thus , your actions begin to have tangible consequences .
The setting , and the care that went into building the back - story , are two of Dragon Age : Origins ' strongest elements .
Your codex , which tracks essential plot threads , stories and scrolls that you 've recovered , noted that have been intercepted and so on , becomes an indispensable tool by midway through this massive adventure .
Tracking characters , families and allegiances ( or being open - minded enough to participate in the wide - reading ) is essential to getting the most out of this tale .
Giving into the traditions of the genre is another .
If you 've played games in this category before , then understanding the importance of group - heal spells and saving throws is nothing new to you .
But those expecting the kind of entry - level RPG gameplay of Bioware 's other recent efforts may be confounded .
Knights of the Old Republic and Mass Effect demonstrated Bioware 's knack for making complex role - playing mechanics and structure extremely playable on consoles –and in this respect , Dragon Age : Origins is its most accomplished RPG to date .
While not based on Dungeons & Dragons specifically , the gameplay apes dice rolls , saving throws , spells , effects , classes and abilities .
Radial menus , activated by holding down the left and right triggers , condense layers of selectable spells into a ring of options , and these can be preset to the right trigger , giving you a total of two different abilities mapped to three of the face buttons .
Six total spells feels limiting though , and before long , you 'll have your six utterly essential skills and you 'll find yourself falling back on the left trigger 's radial menu for abilities that boost stats and grant protection .
Initially , auto - targeting is efficient enough to choose the correct targets , but later on the number of enemies on screen begins to jump and , when you 're juggling group - healing spells with combat - oriented ones , you 'll be thankful for the D - pad target adjustment .
The AI , as in previous games , can also be tweaked considerably to cater for different combat scenarios .
The inclusion of different default weapon load - outs is also a boon , so you can have your ultimate undead - slaying garb on - hand next to your dragon - hunting gear .
New research compares religious people 's beliefs to their estimates of God 's beliefs and the beliefs of other people .
The research was led by Nicholas Epley , Professor of Behavioral Science at the University of Chicago 's Booth School of Business .
Credit : Dan Dry
Religious people tend to use their own beliefs as a guide in thinking about what God believes , but are less constrained when reasoning about other people 's beliefs , according to new study published in the Nov. 30 early edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Nicholas Epley , professor of behavioral science at the University of Chicago 's Booth School of Business , led the research , which included a series of survey and neuroimaging studies to examine the extent to which people 's own beliefs guide their predictions about God 's beliefs .
The findings of Epley and his co-authors at Australia 's Monash University and UChicago extend existing work in psychology showing that people are often egocentric when they infer other people 's beliefs .
The PNAS paper reports the results of seven separate studies .
The first four include surveys of Boston rail commuters , UChicago undergraduate students and a nationally representative database of online respondents in the United States .
In these surveys , participants reported their own belief about an issue , their estimated God 's belief , along with a variety of others , including Microsoft founder Bill Gates , Major League Baseball 's Barry Bonds , President George W. Bush , and an average American .
Two other studies directly manipulated people 's own beliefs and found that inferences about God 's beliefs tracked their own beliefs .
Study participants were asked , for example , to write and deliver a speech that supported or opposed the death penalty in front of a video camera .
Their beliefs were surveyed both before and after the speech .
The final study involved functional magnetic resonance imaging to measure the neural activity of test subjects as they reasoned about their own beliefs versus those of God or another person .
The data demonstrated that reasoning about God 's beliefs activated many of the same regions that become active when people reasoned about their own beliefs .
The researchers noted that people often set their moral compasses according to what they presume to be God 's standards .
" The central feature of a compass , however , is that it points north no matter what direction a person is facing , " they conclude .
" This research suggests that , unlike an actual compass , inferences about God 's beliefs may instead point people further in whatever direction they are already facing . "
But the research in no way denies the possibility that God 's presumed beliefs also may provide guidance in situations where people are uncertain of their own beliefs , the co-authors noted .
More information : Believers ' estimates of God 's beliefs are more egocentric than estimates of other people 's beliefs , " Nov. 30 , 2009 , early edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , by Nicholas Epley , Benjamin A. Converse , Alexa Delbosc , George A. Monteleone and John T. Cacioppo .
Explore further Religious beliefs significantly tied to national political participation
Citation : Study : Believers ' inferences about God 's beliefs are uniquely egocentric ( 2009 , November 30 ) retrieved 30 September 2020 from https://medicalxpress.com/news/2009-11-believers-inferences-god-beliefs-uniquely.html
This document is subject to copyright .
Apart from any fair dealing for the purpose of private study or research , no part may be reproduced without the written permission .
The content is provided for information purposes only .
Source : University of Chicago ( news
" Swimmingly " means " completely embarrassing for white power morons , " correct ?
Then yes , it went " swimmingly . "
The KKK 's hour - long protest against tolerance and common sense lasted about 10 minutes before the hooded wonders were booed off Mississippi 's campus .
Advertisement
As noted earlier , the Mississippi White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan were peeved that their state university has banned the song " From Dixie With Love " because they actually believe the South will somehow rise again .
( Mississippi : 50th in education eight years running ! )
So ten dudes in hoods stood on the steps of Fulton Chapel before the LSU game on Saturday and shouted things like " white power " — only no one could hear them because they were outnumbered by 250 people booing and calling them idiots and cowards .
Eventually , the pajama clad bozos slunk off defeated .
So not a great day for backwards yokels .
Advertisement
KKK rally at Ole Miss fizzles in less than 10 minutes [ Daily Reveille ]
KKK Rally At Ole Miss : Klan Outnumbered By Protesters [ Huffington Post ]
KKK demonstration draws hundreds of protesters to Ole Miss [ Raw Story ]
The Blood Thirst and Greater Evils of Christ
To achieve a greater understanding of the world , its societies and the common issues that face them , one must be comfortable with the fact that there is no polarity , no sole perpetrator of evil that is causing all the world 's ills .
There is no devil , and there is no messiah ; all humans contain a certain duality ( that allows them to perform great acts of selflessness and still remain corrupt , despicable people ) .
All people across the world have the ability to control their disposition towards or against positive progress , and all actions committed by all peoples will benefit some and harm others .
While this may be true , there are still key players of positive progress and great figures of evil and oppression .
In my studies , I have found that the most influential force of the world 's acts of inhumanity and cruelty has been bathed in praise since his fictive birth .
My studies have found that , far surpassing Pol Pot , Hitler , Stalin , Mussolini , Genghis Kahn , and every other name that could be associated with evil , Jesus Christ is the biggest contributor to the world 's suffering .
His hypocrisy , his words that spoke of chaos and vengeance , and the myth of his mercy have been the cause of more death than any other image , ideal or belief throughout all history .
This statement may , to some , be beyond unreasonable , blasphemous and impossible to defend .
Some may attempt to cite the passages where Christ spoke of peace and harmony in his " everlasting kingdom " , and use these feathered words as evidence for his goodness .
In the greater spectrum of history , Christ will remain among his peers with Hitler , Stalin , and Pol Pot as silver - tongued devils .
All great murderers know that they cannot speak of bloodlust and vengeance from the pulpit ; they must speak of paradise and inflated promises to lure in the commoner , in this way they incrementally turn them into obedient acolytes .
Most know of some words of Christ , at least one or two lovely phrases that were plagiarized from preceding messiahs .
If one follows the lineage of Christ 's words , it will be revealed that his earlier words were more calming and in praise of goodness , and as his death draws nearer , be begins his campaign of horror , brimstone and vengeance .
Take his own personal confusion of his duties as savior , as referenced by John : " For judgment I am come into this world " ( John 9:39 ) , and later , " I came not to judge the world " ( John 12:47 ) .
Surely Christ knows what he was sent to accomplish ?
Perhaps a bit of divine confusion is forgivable , as he would so surely forgive us ( however , as was later revealed , Christ does not forgive all sins . ) .
Jeremiah wrote of Christ 's words , saying : " For I am merciful , saith the Lord , and I will not keep anger forever . " ( Jeremiah 3:12 ) only to later write that Christ had said : " Ye have kindled a fire in mine anger , which shall burn forever " ( Jeremiah 17:4 )
Perhaps these are just forgivable mistranslations and cannot be held to the reputation of Christ , but a persistent reader will find even more acts of wild depravity and auto - flagellation pouring from his maw .
The most clear and unrepentant statement of great evil from Christ is found in Luke 19:27 : " But these enemies of mine , who did not want me to reign over them , bring them here and slay them in my presence . "
So plainly spoken , so calm and so eloquent is this command for slaughtering en masse .
These words were the guiding principles for the crusades and the Spanish Inquisition , two events of massive persecution , torture and genocide in the name of Christ .
Together , they have an estimated death toll of over one hundred million .
However , if one were to read through this entire passage in proper context , Christ is actually quoting a story from a previous baron of his acquaintance .
So , no , Christ never made this command of his people , but , even with the context available , his followers performed these heinous acts .
While these are tremendous scars on the face of history , some might attempt to excuse Christ from these killings by saying that he never physically contributed in the actions .
This kind of thinking could lead to excusing Charles Manson for all the murders done by his words because , following that logic , Manson never laid hands on his victims ; he only inspired others to do so .
The same thing could be said for all the names of greater genocide , Hitler , Stalin and the rest , who merely inspired the deaths of their millions , who simply ordered their followers to commit atrocities .
Should they be let off the hook , as well as Christ ?
Of course they should n't .
Killing is killing , pure and simple .
As if these words are not enough to turn stomachs , Christ emits wild perversities through out his life , demanding death and destruction be done in his name .
" Now kill all the boys .
And kill every woman who has slept with a man , but save for yourself every girl who has never slept with a man . " ( Numbers 31:17 - 18 ) , " The people of Samaria must bear their guilt , because they have rebelled against their God .
They will fall by the sword ; their little ones will be dashed to the ground , their women with child ripped open . "
( Hosea 13:16 ) and " Leave alive nothing that breathes .
Show them no mercy . "
( Deut. 7:2 ) are all statements from Christ , as told by three different sources .
His veil of goodness and grace is thin at best , as it becomes very obvious that he is not a loving messiah , but one who demands chaos and sacrifice for his despicable campaign .
Some would draw the line that the statement that the Old Testament and the New Testament differ so much on the portrayal of God that they should n't be considered two parts of a contiguous storyline .
Of course , this is just a quick way to excuse some of the more disagreeable statements from the previous interpretation of God , and cannot be regarded as a considerable argument for the division of these two interpretations of God .
The Bible has two halves , and they are inseparable to the fundamental beliefs of an educated Christian .
The argument I submit is based simply upon the statement of the Godhead , found in the New Testament .
The words spoken by God can be considered the words of God , or of the Holy Spirit , as all of these characters are one in the same .
Christ is believed to be the son of man , God is believed to be his father , and the Holy Spirit is an intangible essence that guides mankind along its path .
Therefore , the statements made by God to man in the Old Testament can be considered statements of Christ , albeit in a different form .
There is something more dreadful than being killed by the Lord ; it is Christ 's divine power to send any one of his creations into an infinite abyss of torment and woe .
Modern Christianity speaks of Hell as a terrible pit where all the most horrendous people are cast , but Christ explains it as something far more encompassing , with a disturbingly relaxed door - policy .
According to Christ , as recorded by Mark 3:29 , " Whoever blasphemes against The Holy Spirit will never have forgiveness , but is guilty of everlasting sin . "
A sin that cannot be forgiven exists , only in the form of doubt .
If one were to doubt the existence of or the intentions of the Holy Spirit , there is no forgiveness in the universe that will spare them from an eternity in howling suffering .
That would be enough to straighten the hairs on the back of any God-Fearing man 's neck , but , as it was said in Isaiah 44:6 : " This is what the Lord says -- Israel 's King and Redeemer , the Lord Almighty : I am the first and I am the last ; apart from me there is no God " ; there is only one God .
While the idea of a holy trinity exists in biblical scriptures , the entire New Testament is replete with statements confirming the idea that the three parts of the trinity are all one - in - the - same , a full Godhead .
If one blasphemes against any of the laws sent down from the Godhead to Moses , or if one denies any of the laws written in Leviticus , that will be considered a blasphemy against the Holy Spirit .
All sins , even the most bizarre and minute , such as wearing a shirt of more than one fabric , or marrying a woman who is not a virgin , are punishable not only by death , but , as commanded by Christ , eternal suffering .
A logical person would take all sides of an argument into consideration before rendering their final judgment .
Some could say that Christ was human , and is therefore subject to the flaws of humans , but that assumes that humans include demands for bloodshed and warfare in common conversation .
His words are directly contradictory , confusing and misleading .
He openly demands blood sacrifice in his name , and he has n't a drop of mercy in his veins .
He threatens his followers with an infinite vortex of misery if they so much as question his motives .
The reality is clear and unavoidable : Christ was a warmonger , a monstrous , horrific creature with a desire to bring suffering and great madness to a world that he believes he created .
Few states have more at stake in Warren Buffett ’s acquisition of Burlington Northern Santa Fe than Montana .
The company owns 90 % of the state ’s tracks , which are the primarily means for Montana farmers and coal miners to ship their goods across the country .
To get a sense of how the deal is being received in the Big Sky state , Deal Journal reached out to Alan Merrill , president Montana Farmers Union , who can watch Burlington Northern ’s grain cars rumble along outside his Great Falls , Mont. , office six or seven times a day ....
The Council on American - Islamic Relations has sued a father - and - son team for infiltrating the group 's Washington DC operation -- to gather info for a just - published opus with the guess - which - side - they 're - on title , " Muslim Mafia , " POLITICO 's Josh Gerstein reports .
Judge Colleen Kollar - Kotelly has ordered the author , P. David Gaubatz , and his son , Chris Gaubatz , to appear personally in federal court in Washington this morning to respond to CAIR 's demand for a restraining order preventing the pair from disclosing or distributing thousands of documents Chris took or copied while working under a pseudonym as an intern in CAIR 's Washington office .
The " Muslim Mafia " book has drawn attention on Capitol Hill because Rep. Sue Myrick ( R - N.C. ) penned a foreword for the volume .
In addition , it featured in a press conference earlier this month where several conservative members of Congress alleged that CAIR was attempting to plant spies on Capitol Hill .
" " If an organization that is connected to or supports terrorists is running influence operations or planting spies in key national security - related congressional offices , I think this needs to be made known , " Rep. Paul Broun ( R - Ga . ) said .
CAIR said its efforts to encourage Muslims to get internships on the Hill was innocuous and a routine activity for advocacy groups .
This video of the Milky Way rising at the Texas Star Party is making the rounds .
It 's quite lovely .
I 've been getting emails and such asking if it 's faked .
I do n't think so .
It 's clearly an animation made of many several - seconds - long exposures , so that each frame sees the relatively faint Milky Way .
I 've never been to the TSP ( I would love to go , but I always wind up having some other thing to do at that time ) but I 've heard it 's extraordinarily dark ... some newbies even pack up to go home around 2:00 because they think the rising Milky Way is an approaching thunderstorm !
I 'd dearly love to see that .
The best thing about this video is how clear it is that we live in the disk of a spiral galaxy .
Compare what 's in that video to pictures of NGC 4013 , NGC 4565 or NGC 891 to see what I mean .
We live in a galaxy .
That 's a profound statement , and the evidence is literally right there above our heads .
“ Learn to say ‘ no ’ to the good so you can say ‘ yes ’ to the best . ”
– John C. Maxwell
One thousand , four hundred and forty minutes from now another day of your life will be over .
The question is not how much life you have left .
My question to you today is : how many of those 1440 minutes are going to matter ?
And how many of them will you waste on things you do not want to do , and do not need to do ?
Your life matters .
Your time matters .
And if your commitment “ bucket ” is overflowing to the point where you cannot do what matters to you – you need to empty it .
There are only two ways to do this .
You either have to :
Remove a current commitment from the bucket or
a current commitment from the bucket or Decline new commitments as they come in
Breaking a commitment is very difficult – but nobody likes turning down commitments either when they know it will hurt other people ’s feelings .
And do n’t I know it – I used to be tremendously overcommitted .
However , today I shall share with you my genuine , and very successful method of saying “ No ” without ( hopefully ! ) souring a relationship : The Empathy Sandwich .
Why A Sandwich ?
It occurred to me there had to be a better way than bluntly saying no to people .
I was turning it over in my head when I remembered a strategy I used for delivering criticism : the criticism sandwich .
The basic premise of a criticism sandwich is that to make criticism easier to swallow , you “ sandwich ” it between two pieces of praise .
I figured if it ’s good enough for criticism , maybe it ’s good enough for turning down commitments as well .
Formula for the Empathy Sandwich
The empathy sandwich formula is simple enough :
Empathy Sandwich = Empathize + Decline + Empathize Again
The Empathy Sandwich In Action
Them : “ Sid I ’m swamped this weekend , do you think you can handle [ task that they want Sid to do ] for me ? ”
Sid : “
Empathize : I know what you mean .
It ’s so hard to make time is n’t it ?
I remember you telling me last week how you ’ve been working long nights at work and have been stretched thin .
Decline : I ’m sorry , but I ca n’t handle [ that task ] for you .
Empathize Again I sure hope the pressure eases up on you soon , I know how hard you have been working these past few weeks and it seems like you always work harder than anyone else at your office . “
This example is exaggerated , but you get the idea .
The Formula Expanded
This format works especially well for emails – and to help you turn down your commitments that come in via email , here ’s a response template , which you can make your own .
Legend : [ Brackets ] denote optional items , while the starred * items are required .
Hi _____ ,
Thanks for thinking of me for ______. * ( restate the exact issue for clarity ) Empathize * – I hear where you are coming from / have been there myself Decline * – I ’m sorry , but I ca n’t commit to ____. ( state exact issue ) [ Offer Others to Help ] – Have you tried asking ___ ?
Do you mind if I put you in contact with ___ who has more expertise ?
Empathize Again * – I understand where you are coming from [ Can Help In Future ] – I ca n’t help this time , but perhaps I ’ll be able to be of assistance in the future .
Thanks , – Sid
Go Use The Empathy Sandwich
Before you can do what really matters in your life , you ’ve got to reduce the things that do n’t really matter to you .
This is not about turning down the important thing in your life : it ’s about coming up with a kind way to defend your time .
When you use the empathy sandwich , make sure you mean it .
Put myself in their shoes and consider that even though you have your own life to live , the person who is asking for help too has a lot going on .
Empathize with them , show them that you appreciate them and where they are coming from – but be sure to defend your time when you know it ’s not something you should really commit to .
Do What Matters In Your Life
The minutes , hours and days in your life are the most valuable asset you have – but you ’ve got to make the most out of them .
You need to be the type of person who can set their mind to something and make it happen right now .
If you are struggling , deserve more from your life , or are just passing through life unmotivated then you need to take action to change that .
I will guide you with the techniques I have used in my own life to take action and get what I want .
Take a look : The Action Solution : Advanced Training Techniques to Take Action In Your Life .
It is the result of decades of experience , and hundreds of hours of making dreams a reality for real people – and it might just be the turning point you need in your life … today .
Hitler used Mercedes convertibles when he reviewed German troops A German antique car dealer claims he has tracked down a Mercedes convertible owned by Adolf Hitler .
The Dusseldorf - based dealer , Michael Froelich , says he found the car locked in a collector 's garage .
He verified the ownership of the dark blue Mercedes 770 K using the vehicle 's original documents and old photos .
After the war , the car was sold in Austria , before being shipped to a car museum in Las Vegas , and then returning to Germany .
The German news agency , DPA , said the car weighs five tonnes because of its armour - plating - including bodywork in 18 mm - gauge steel , and 4 cm thick windows .
I checked with prosecutors ... whether the deal was illegal .
They raised no objections as long as there were no Nazi symbols visible
Michael Froelich Antique car dealer
The agency said the car had been ordered in 1935 and was a familiar sight on newsreels showing the Nazi leader reviewing his troops .
The dealer , Michael Froelich , told the Cologne - based Express newspaper : " On Wednesday I got a tip - off whom it had been sold to .
It belonged to a private collector and was in a garage in Bielefeld ( in western Germany ) .
" I checked with prosecutors ... whether the deal was illegal .
They raised no objections as long as there were no Nazi symbols visible . "
Mr Froelich claims he is working on behalf of an unnamed Russian billionaire who is also interested in buying several other cars which belonged to Nazi officials .
Press reports claimed Hitler 's car itself was worth between four and 10 m euros ( $ 6 - 15 m ; £ 3.6 - 9 m ) .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON - It 's Betty McCollum vs. Michele Bachmann in a congressional smackdown over ACORN , the community organization that 's been the target of Republican attacks since the 2008 presidential election .
Just weeks after embarrassing footage from an amateur sting prompted the U.S. House to defund ACORN , Rep. McCollum , D - Minn. , is introducing a similar bill aimed at barring federal dollars to corporations that run afoul of the law .
" It just points out the hypocrisy , " McCollum said in an interview Wednesday .
" Here we have corporations that have been convicted of felonies , and continue to do business with the government . "
McCollum 's bill serves as a pointed rebuttal to a GOP - led assault on the scandal - tainted community organizing group , which has registered tens of thousands of low - income and minority voters across the nation .
The bill , dubbed the " Against Corporations Organizing to Rip - off the Nation Act ( ACORN ) , " is a play on ACORN 's real moniker , the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now .
Among ACORN 's most outspoken critics in Congress has been Bachmann , a Minnesota Republican who sponsored a pair of bills meant to block the group from participating in federal housing and census programs .
" We 're pleased to see that Congresswoman McCollum , who has voted at least twice this year to protect ACORN 's access to taxpayer funds , has a newfound interest in protecting taxpayers , " said Bachmann spokeswoman Debbee Keller .
McCollum and U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison , D - Minn. , were among 75 House Democrats who opposed the measure defunding ACORN earlier this month .
Bachmann at the time called it " a tremendous victory for the taxpayer . "
A similar action aimed at ACORN in the U.S. Senate won overwhelming bipartisan support , including from Minnesota Democrats Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken .
2009 November 23 Authenticated S3 GETs For Private Objects Using Paperclip
UPDATE : [ 10/18/2011 ]
I now use Fog vs AWS ::S3 with Paperclip .
I have included a Fog specific example below .
Yea I know , I am probably the last person on earth that is just getting around to using Paperclip .
To be honest , most of my file upload code was written way before Paperclip or even AttachementFu was ever conceived .
And frankly , I do not do much social app coding on the side - so the need never came up .
But that changed recently and I wanted a really really good way of leveraging AWS ::S3 storage with the best local app security while maintaining tight control over the files .
So the Paperclip wiki has a few links that already dealt with some ways of protecting your app 's attachments .
One mentions a method I totally love called security through obscurity .
It uses a secure random token as part of the filename which combined with the original filename and the id partition makes for great random URLs .
The other is a great walk thru on how to use the :url option of paperclip to point access control back to your own application for your normal biz logic .
The problem I see with both of these methods is that they do not allow you to maintain app control past the final URL handoff / redirect .
It also requires that your S3 bucket is public .
For instance , if you were to use the s3_permissions => : private option of Paperclip , then that URL given to you by Paperclip is pretty much worthless .
I knew AWS ::S3 had authenticated GETs that generated an automatically expiring URL , but saw no way of accessing its features using the abstract Paperclip : : Attachment object .
So this is what I did .
class MyDownload has_attached_file :attachment , : storage => :s3 , : bucket => ' mybucket ' , :s3_credentials => {. . . } , :s3_protocol => ' https ' , :s3_permissions => : private , : path => lambda { | attachment | " : id_partition / #{ attachment .
instance . random_secret } /:filename " } , : processors => [ :noop ] before_validation_on_create : set_random_secret def attachment_url " #{ self .
class .
tableize } / #{ id } / #{ attachment_file_name } " end def authenticated_s3_get_url ( options = { } ) options .
reverse_merge ! :expires_in => 10 . minutes , : use_ssl => true AWS :: S3 :: S3 Object .
url_for attachment .
path , attachment .
options [ : bucket ] , options end private def set_random_secret self .
random_secret = ActiveSupport :: SecureRandom . hex ( 8 ) end end
Let me walk you thru some of the highlights of that class , the general concept following is that we are going to use the best of both examples in security mentioned above .
First , the secure token , that is what #set_random_secret will generate for each instance .
The : path option for Paperclip uses a proc to make sure each instance uses that attribute in the string that will be later interpolated further down .
You can also see how I use the id partition too .
Next , I have added two public instance methods .
The first is #attachment_url and it will need a bit of explaining .
Currently in Paperclip , if you use the :url option and your : storage is set to : s3 , then it is ignored .
This could totally be intentional .
So in a typical setup where you want the file download running through your own access control , you wold have a :url option like this :url => '/:class/:id/:filename' .
So this is what #attachment_url mimics , it simply gets around that shortcoming and points the download action back to your own controller .
How that controller would work is beyond the scope of this article , see the resources section below for those links .
The last example method is # authenticated_s3_get_url which dips right on down to the AWS ::S3 library to get the URL for the object in the bucket .
AWS ::S3's doc mention that it will automatically generate a secure GET url that expires in 5 minutes .
However in my example , you can see where I am changing that to 10 minutes and forcing the HTTPS protocol .
This would be the URL that your own controller would do the final redirect to .
This URL is for your private objects in your S3 bucket and will only work for the amount of time you want it too !
Meaning your app stays in complete control .
Putting it all together one more time ...
# A MyDownload instance . >> dl = MyDownload . find ( 4 ) #
This is totally useless for private buckets / objects . >> dl . attachment . url => " https://s3.amazonaws.com/mybucket/000/000/004/147681c16fddc1e5/private.pdf?1258989107 " #
This is what you use in your own views . >> dl . attachment_url => " my_downloads/4/private.pdf " # Your controller would redirect to this secure GET . >> dl . authenticated_s3_get_url => " https://s3.amazonaws.com/mybucket/000/000/004/147681c16fddc1e5/private.pdf?AWSAccessKeyId=0HJD3NS9CVWN2JV89K02&Expires=1258990967&Signature=8aWsq4o5gXfpIrRZyeETddnOeFw%3D "
What Is That Noop Processor
Good eye !
Did you see that I have a processor called Noop in the has_attached_file declaration ?
The default processor in Paperclip is the Thumbnail processor , which no matter what calls the ImageMagick identify command to see if it can do something to the file .
I did not want that or any processing , just simple attachments .
So I created this simple processor that just straight returns the file object .
I made a ticket on the Paperclip 's issue page that hopefully would allow a : processors => false option one day that would do this as well .
So maybe one day it 'll be a feature .
module Paperclip class Noop < Processor def make file end end end
UPDATE : Fog Example
Here is an updated # authenticated_s3_get_url that I use with Fog as the backend storage for S3 .
This example illustrates 2 things .
First that the bucket is named as your CNAME record which is also enforced in the : fog_host .
I do this so that I can generate URLs via Paperclip or Fog and always have my custom domain in place .
When I gsub the " s3.amazonaws.com " out , I am left with just my CNAME domain / bucket name .
Lastly , if you want to generate " https " URLs , use the #get_https_url method .
class MyDownload has_attached_file :attachment , : storage => : fog , :fog_credentials => {. . . } , :fog_directory => ' mybucket.domain.net ' , :fog_public => false , : fog_host => ' http://mybucket.domain.net' , : path => lambda { | attachment | " : id_partition / #{ attachment .
instance . random_secret } /:filename " } def authenticated_s3_get_url ( expires = nil ) expires ||= 10 . minutes .
from_now url = attachment .
send ( : directory ) . files .
get_http_url attachment .
path , expires url .
gsub! /s3.amazonaws.com \// , '' end end
Resources
That consistency of production paid off Tuesday when Pujols joined exclusive company , becoming the sixth player to unanimously win the National League MVP award and the 10th in baseball history to put a third MVP on his résumé .
AL MVP : Mauer near unanimous winner
Pujols received all 32 first - place votes from members of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America , joining Stan Musial as the only Cardinals to win the award three times .
The current Cardinals were on Pujols ' mind as he talked on a conference call about the award and his place in history .
" I always make a joke that I have 10 fingers , and I want to get nine more rings , " said Pujols , who sports a World Series championship ring from 2006 .
" I want ( at least ) as many as Derek Jeter has so far ( five ) . "
With 15 second - place votes , NL batting champion Hanley Ramirez , a shortstop for the Florida Marlins who received 233 points and is married to Pujols ' second cousin , outpointed slugging first basemen Ryan Howard of the Philadelphia Phillies ( 217 ) and Prince Fielder of the Milwaukee Brewers ( 203 ) for second place .
It was a distant second as Pujols garnered the honor for the third time in five years and became the 12th player to be MVP in consecutive seasons .
The last was Barry Bonds , who dominated NL voting from 2001 to ' 04 and was the last to win the award unanimously ( 2002 ) .
" I 'm very humble to receive this award , " Pujols said .
" You can't do it by yourself .
It 's up to those guys in front of you and those guys to drive you in .
I would say it 's a team award . "
Pujols , 29 , led the majors with 47 home runs , 124 runs scored , .658 slugging percentage and 44 intentional walks .
He also led the NL with a .443 on - base percentage , 93 extra - base hits , 374 total bases and 165 runs created .
In just nine seasons in the major leagues , Pujols has already put himself among the elite sluggers in the game .
Only Babe Ruth ( 1.163 ) , Ted Williams ( 1.115 ) and Lou Gehrig ( 1.079 ) are ahead of Pujols ( 1.054 ) on the career on - base - plus slugging percentage list , which combines a batter 's on - base and slugging percentages .
Pujols has 366 career home runs in nine seasons .
If he averages 40 a year for the next 10 seasons , he would pass Bonds ( 762 ) on the all - time list .
" Hopefully I 'll be playing 10 , 12 , 15 more years , " Pujols said .
" As long as I can stay healthy and compete . "
***
NL voting results ( First - , second - and third - place votes and total points on a 14- 9- 8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 basis ) :
Player , team 1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th 6th 7th 8th 9th 10th Points Albert Pujols , Cardinals 32 448 Hanley Ramirez , Marlins 15 5 3 3 2 3 1 233 Ryan Howard , Phillies 6 8 7 5 1 3 1 217 Prince Fielder , Brewers 5 9 7 3 1 3 1 3 203 Troy Tulowitzki , Rockies 3 6 5 5 5 1 1 172 Andre Ethier , Dodgers 2 3 2 5 4 5 3 113 Pablo Sandoval , Giants 1 2 5 5 6 1 4 89 Chase Utley , Phillies 2 2 1 5 4 3 1 84 Derrek Lee , Cubs 1 3 3 2 2 5 66 Matt Kemp , Dodgers 2 1 2 3 1 1 2 49 Ryan Braun , Brewers 3 1 2 4 6 43 Adrian Gonzalez , Padres 1 1 3 2 5 30 Todd Helton , Rockies 1 1 1 1 2 28 Chris Carpenter , Cardinals 1 2 1 2 1 25 Adam Wainwright , Cards 1 2 1 2 16 Matt Holliday , Cardinals 1 1 2 15 Jayson Werth , Phillies 1 1 10 Shane Victorino , Phillies 2 8 Tim Lincecum , Giants 1 1 2 8 Yunel Escobar , Braves 1 6 Mark Reynolds , Diamondbacks 1 1 1 6 Joey Votto , Reds 1 4 Yadier Molina , Cardinals 1 3 Miguel Tejada , Astros 1 3 Huston Street , Rockies 1 2 Justin Upton , Diamondbacks 1 2 Ryan Zimmerman , Nationals 2 2 Jeremy Affeldt , Giants 1 1 Chris Coghlan , Marlins 1 1 Brad Hawpe , Rockies 1 1
Contributing : Wire reports
The Audi e-tron concept car
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Audi has unveiled its new electric car concept , the Audi e-tron at the 2009 Frankfurt Motor Show in Germany .
The all electric car is basically a modified Audi R8 sports car , but slightly smaller in all dimensions .
The car delivers a massive 4500 Nm ( 3,319 lb - ft ) of torque and 233 kW ( 313 horsepower ) , and the car can go from 0 to 100 kph ( 0 - 60 mph ) in 4.8 seconds .
The power comes from four electric motors : one for each wheel .
According to Audi the car can travel around 250 km ( 154 miles ) on a full battery charge .
The lithium - ion battery provides an energy content of 42.4 kilowatt hours .
The top speed is limited to 200 kph ( 124 mph ) to avoid flattening the battery too quickly .
The car is light , being constructed of aluminum and carbon fiber , and fiber - reinforced plastics on the doors , body panels and roof .
The styling is modified to accommodate the cooling needs of its Sanyo lithium - ion battery , and there are moveable flaps that open to help cool the battery when the car is traveling at slow speeds .
The Audi e-tron concept electric car
Other ideas incorporated in the two - seater concept car are cameras instead of rear - view mirrors , and an adjustable array of LEDs in place of headlamps .
Since the car is electric , gears are replaced by a simple forward , reverse and neutral selection .
Many of the controls are touch panels rather than buttons or switches .
The Audi e-tron is still at the concept stage , but a few prototypes are expected to be released in 2010 , with a small run to be manufactured in 2012 and made available in the U.S. , essentially for research purposes .
More widespread manufacture of the car is not expected for some years .
The Audi e-tron concept electric car .
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Video : Swine flu health tips
Rishi Tea & Botanical 's Journal strives to be a wellspring of resources and inspiration as you learn about your teas , their origins and their history .
Our Journal includes a treasure trove of content including travel notes from our tea buyers as they explore origins , tea brewing instructions , culinary inspiration , tea recipes and much more .
According to Fox News , the thing that made Ted Kennedy special was that he was always willing to make deals with Republicans , and that he'd sell those deals to his fellow progressives .
Kennedy , they say , was always in pursuit of a half - a- loaf .
And the best example ?
His support for President Bush 's medicare prescription drug benefit .
But there 's a problem with Fox 's claim : it 's not true .
Although Kennedy did reach a deal with Bush on prescription drugs , Bush screwed Kennedy and reneged on the deal at the last second , leaving Kennedy fuming .
Far from supporting Bush 's Medicare prescription drug plan , Kennedy was one of its most outspoken critics .
And it 's all on video tape .
:::
In mid-2003 , before the Bush Administration stabbed him in the back , Kennedy did support reaching a deal on prescription drug coverage , making the case for compromise by hearkening back to an opportunity to achieve universal health care coverage during Nixon 's presidency .
Health care has been a Kennedy passion for nearly four decades , and he has seen opportunities come and go .
He recalls that when President Richard Nixon offered a universal health care plan in the early 1970s , Democrats opposed it , figuring they could get a better bill later .
It was a mistake , he says .
" In retrospect , I 'd grab that , " he said of the Nixon plan .
Democrats , he argues , should pass a compromise Medicare bill now and then push to fill the plan 's gaps .
" If Democrats have any oomph , " he says , " they 're going to be fighting to strengthen this program . "
( Source : E.J. Dionne , Ted and Hillary 's Health Care Split , in Washington Post , June 24 , 2003 , via Nexis )
Within months of Kennedy 's words in support of compromise , the Bush administration had screwed him over , reneging on their deal with him .
Although he started out in favor of compromise , he ended up as the leader of the opposition to the deal .
44 Senators , most of them Democrats , voted against the legislation .
Kennedy even tried -- in vain -- to stop the bill from coming to a vote by opposing the cloture motion .
In late 2004 , a year and a half after trying to reach a deal with Bush , Kennedy softened his tone on the Nixon deal , saying " I 'll have to go back and look at whether we should have jumped on that .
Did we make a mistake waiting ? "
So in 2003 , while selling a deal on prescription drugs that went south , Kennedy did say " in retrospect , I 'd grab that . "
In 2004 , after Bush betrayed him on the deal , Kennedy was not quite as certain .
According to commentators like Steven Pearlstein , this episode shows that Kennedy 's " greatest regret " was not getting a deal done with Richard Nixon .
According to Pearlstein , the lesson to be learned here is that Democrats must abandon key legislative goals to win Republican support .
But that 's the wrong lesson .
If there 's a lesson here , it 's that you can count on Republicans to lie .
They 'll lie going in , and they 'll lie going out .
You cannot trust them worth a damn , and anyone who does is a shill -- or worse , a fool .
( For more on this topic , see " What Teddy would do " , published Sunday . )
" It 's pretty much all a fund and investor driven rally , " said Michael Kempinski , a trader at Commerzbank , told Reuters .
" Those guys like to buy at the highs and have the power to push it through . "
The U.N. 's Human Rights Council ( HRC ) voted overwhelmingly on Friday to endorse the recommendations of the lopsidedly anti-Israel Goldstone Report .
The report , named for former South African judge Richard Goldstone , who chaired the underlying investigation , concluded that Israel 's 2008 - 2009 military campaign against the terrorist group Hamas was actually aimed against Gaza 's residents as a whole .
Thus it was an illegitimate exercise of " collective punishment , " an extraordinarily amorphous legal concept .
...
There 's been a surprising archaeological discovery at Tel Dor in Israel , a place that was only on the periphery of the Hellenistic world ; a gemstone engraved with a portrait of Alexander the Great .
Alexander was probably the first Greek to commission artists to depict his image – as part of a personality cult that was transformed into a propaganda tool .
Rulers and dictators have implemented this form of propaganda ever since .
The excavations were done by an archaeological team directed by Dr. Ayelet Gilboa of the University of Haifa and Dr. Ilan Sharon of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
" Despite its miniature dimensions – the stone is less than a centimeter high and its width is less than half a centimeter – the engraver was able to depict the bust of Alexander on the gem without omitting any of the ruler 's characteristics " notes Dr. Gilboa , Chair of the Department of Archaeology at the University of Haifa .
" The emperor is portrayed as young and forceful , with a strong chin , straight nose and long curly hair held in place by a diadem .
" This is an engraved gemstone carrying a portrait of Alexander the Great .
The gemstone was found in the course of recent excavations at Tel Dor. Photo Credit : No'a Raban - Gerstel , University of HaifaThe significance of the discovery at Dor is in the gemstone being uncovered in an orderly excavation , in a proper context of the Hellenistic period .
The origins of most Alexander portraits , scattered across numerous museums around the world , are unknown .
Some belonged to collections that existed even prior to the advent of scientific archaeology , others were acquired on the black market , and it is likely that some are even forgeries .
This tiny gem was unearthed by a volunteer during excavation of a public structure from the Hellenistic period in the south of Tel Dor , excavated by a team from the University of Washington at Seattle headed by Prof.
Sarah Stroup .
Dr. Jessica Nitschke , professor of classical archaeology at Georgetown University in Washington DC , identified the engraved motif as a bust of Alexander the Great .
This has been confirmed by Prof.
Andrew Stewart of the University of California at Berkeley , an expert on images of Alexander and author of a book on this topic .
" It is generally assumed that the master artists – such as the one who engraved the image of Alexander on this particular gemstone – were mainly employed by the leading Hellenistic courts in the capital cities , such as those in Alexandria in Egypt and Seleucia in Syria .
This new discovery is evidence that local elites in secondary centers , such as Tel Dor , appreciated superior objects of art and could afford ownership of such items " the researchers stated .
The artists cleverly combined realistic elements of the ruler 's image along with the classical ideal of beauty as determined by Hellenistic art , royal attributes ( the diadem in this case ) , and divine elements originating in Hellenistic and Eastern art .
These attributes legitimized Alexander 's kingship in the eyes of his subjects in all the domains he conquered .
These portraits were distributed throughout the empire , were featured on statues and mosaics in public places and were engraved on small items such as coins and seals .
The image of Alexander remained a popular motif in the generations that followed his death – both as an independent theme and as a subject of emulation .
The conqueror 's youthful image became a symbol of masculinity , heroism and divine kingship .
Later Hellenist rulers adopted these characteristics and commissioned self - portraits in the image of Alexander .
Dor was a major port city on the Mediterranean shore from the Middle Bronze Age ( 2000 - 1550 B.C.E ) until the establishment of Caesarea during the Roman period .
Alexander the Great passed through Dor in 332 B.C.E. , following the occupation of Tyre and on his way to Egypt .
It seems that the city submitted to Alexander without resistance .
Dor then remained a center of Hellenization in the land of Israel until it was conquered by Alexander Janneus , Hasmonean king of Judah ( c. 100 B.C.E . ) .
The team of archaeologists has been excavating at Tel Dor for close to thirty years and recently completed the 2009 excavation season .
A number of academic institutions in Israel and abroad participate in the excavations , directed by Dr. Ayelet Gilboa of the University of Haifa and Dr. Ilan Sharon of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
The project is supported by these two institutions along with the Israel Exploration Society , the Berman foundation for Biblical Archaeology , the Zinman Institute of Archaeology , the Wendy Goldhirsh Foundation , USA , and individual donors .
The gemstone will be on public display at the Dor museum in Kibbutz Nahsholim .
From the ' Employee Pricing ' files :
The unfortunate experience that I have sometimes encountered when attempting to purchase a ' new ' computer pre-installed with Linux , is that it can sometimes be more expensive than Windows ( either just because , or due to the fact that Windows is already pre-installed ) .
A new effort from the Linux Foundation could change that , and help Linus Torvalds in the process too .
Back in June , the Linux Foundation started their individual membership program and they 're now expanding it with new hardware discounts .
Starting this week , those who pay the $ 99 for an individual Linux Foundation membership will also get up to 40 percent off of Lenovo devices and employee purchase pricing from Dell and HP .
According to the Linux Foundation , " these benefits can translate into hundreds or thousands of dollars for those who purchase their devices as part of this program . "
A year ago a small team of former Google engineers came together and , with funding , built a search engine .
They called the company Cuil .
Tour Cuil 's Menlo Park office →
Soon , the hype - happy tech press labeled the startup as the " Google - killer . "
But as quick as the hype around the $ 33 million venture - backed company began , it just as quickly turned sour .
On launch day so many users came to see the new search engine , that they crashed Cuil 's servers throughout the week .
Even when it was working , people were n't satisfied with search results .
And everyone hated the name .
One year later , we visited Cuil to see how the laughing - stock survives to keep on fighting .
What we found was small startup of 25 employees trying to scour the Internet faster , cheaper , and more comprehensively than Google .
Cuil now claims to have the largest search index in the world -- over seven petabytes of information .
We found that hard to believe .
But walk through of their operations side of their office in Menlo Park , California and all you can see is the massive scale of walls of servers stuffed with hard disks .
Cuil says it puts all that data to use by presenting users with search results that are both typical and atypical .
Rather than just returning the most popular websites that are linked to by other sites , they mix it up by showing webpages that are n't as polished or optimized but still have relevant information .
Cuil CEO
Tom Costello's analogy is that Google or Bing are the airport bookstores stocking only the New York Times bestsellers while he 's working on making Cuil the neighborhood store stocking the hard to find antique and offbeat books .
We 'll be honest : the search results still need improving and if Cuil is ever going to make it as a business , it needs to drastically grow its userbase .
In September it attracted 73,000 US unique visitors according to Compete -- down from 400,000 in September 2008 .
Tom knows it and he 's looking to add players to the team who can help .
With $ 33 million in funding from Greylock in the bank , Cuil continues to add to its team slowly , interviewing older candidates that are often overlooked in the Logan 's Run environments of Facebook and Web 2.0 startups .
( CNN ) --
The parents of an 8 - year - old Liberian girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted by four boys in July were arrested Friday on child abuse charges , according to Arizona police .
The father , 59 , and mother , 47 , were arrested Friday in Phoenix on seven counts of child abuse , said police spokesman Sgt. Andy Hill .
Police were waiting for them at their home after the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office issued the warrants .
The names of the parents have been withheld by CNN to avoid identifying the daughter , who is an alleged rape victim .
The child abuse investigation was based on documented incidents from the Phoenix Police Department and numerous referrals to Arizona Child Protective Services dating to 2005 .
Police said the parents , refugees from the West African nation , used sticks , wires and their fists to hit their young daughter .
Witnesses told CNN affiliate KTVK that the parents left their daughter wandering their apartment complex alone at night , begging for food .
See KTVK 's coverage
Details of the girl 's assault last summer shocked the nation .
She was allegedly lured to a storage shed , pinned down and gang - raped by four boys , none of them older than 14 .
The parents said they felt they had been shamed by their child and blamed her for being victimized .
As a result , the girl was taken from her home and placed in state custody .
Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said at the time that the parents ' reaction was wrong and that they needed counseling .
by The Right Hand Path in The Right Talk Tags : National Day Of Slayer , The National Day Of Slayer
Welcome to “ The Right Talk ” , The Online Talk Show where The Right Hand Path speaks to Celebrities from the world of Metal music .
Our Celebrity Guest today is JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force , of the Wyoming , the U.S.A. - based “ National Day Of Slayer , LLC. ” in this Exclusive Interview to an “ Indian Metal Music ” magazine .
The Right Hand Path : Slaytanic Metal Greetings from India !!!
How are things at The National Day Of Slayer Head Quarters in Wyoming ?
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force : Greetings to you as well .
Things are quiet after our busy summer with National Day of Slayer .
The Right Hand Path : Please accept my congratulations for your third Slatanniversary that you had on Saturday , June 6 , 2009 , your third successful year of existence .
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force : Thank you .
Next to the original 2006 celebration , this year was our best so far .
The Right Hand Path : Since it is said that the National Day Of Slayer is a parody of the National Day Of Prayer , is that a reason for your creation and existence as a “ non-profit corporation ” LLC .
Would I be wrong in assuming that you are like a “ The Missionaries Of Slayer ” ?
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force : Slayer does n’t really need missionaries as their value is self - evident .
Christians , on the other hand , have to resort to missionary efforts and evangelism because their beliefs are not quantifiable .
We ’re an LLC just to make sure that we ca n’t be easily sued .
Slayer has been named in court cases before , and they have a lot more money and resources than we do .
Why take chances ?
The Right Hand Path : Allow me to quote the below - mentioned from the official website of the National Day Of Slayer
National Day Of Slayer
“ 6.6.06 is n’t a date that comes around very often ( once per millennium , to be exact ) , and while plenty of stupid horror movies and terrible albums will be released for the hype value of the day that bears “ the number of the beast ” , we here at NDoS decided that this would be a perfect day for Hessians across the country to come together and engage in something upon which we can all agree – listening to Slayer !
Also , do you really want those evangelical Neo-Cons to have all the fun with their “ National Day of Prayer ”
Apart from the above - mentioned quote , how would you define yourself , as Slayer fans or Hessians who love and listen to Slayer ’s music ?
Or as Hessian fans of Slayer opposed to evangelical Neo-Cons ?
What do you mean / understand by “ Hessian ” and “ Neo - Cons ” .
Since the National Day Of Slayer is a parody of the United States of America ’s National Day Of Prayer , please shed some Slatanic light on the Evilution of the National Day Of Slayer
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force : Neo-cons are neo-conservatives – that is , people who have intertwined conservatism and fundamentalist Christianity as a singular political position .
George W. Bush is the best example .
Hessianism is a lifestyle that incorporates metal music as a primary motivator in life .
It ’s more dedicated than just being a metalhead .
Hessians are a worldwide phenomenon , and they never get any acknowledgment as a cultural identity .
National Day of Slayer was founded to help unify Hessian interests through one of the single most popular metal bands of all time .
The Right Hand Path : Since you have talked about Hessians [ and the American Nihilist Underground Society ’s Metal Music Forum that is Metal Hall mentions a certain Mr. Paul as the Leader of the website The National Day Of Slayer are you funded by them or is the American Nihilist Underground Society involved in this in any way ?
Is there any influence of Nihilism as might be assumed from the above - mentioned paragraph ?
Who is the Founder & Owner [ if any ] of the National Day Of Slayer and who are the people involved in this , since I have already mentioned Mr. Paul and the National Day Of Slayer ’s official MySpace mentions a certain 26 - year - old woman from New York as the profile owner
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force :
There are several people involved in the operation of NDoS .
The Anus Society offered their help once they found out about us , and we were happy to take them up on it .
Anyone who works to raise awareness is fine in our book .
Hessian.org also lent a hand , for obvious reasons .
We ’re not really interested in revealing who we are .
This project is n’t about us – it ’s about Slayer !
The Right Hand Path :
Let me again quote the below - mentioned from your website with regards to the Objective of the National Day Of Slayer
National Day Of Slayer
“ The objective of this day is for everyone within earshot to understand that it is the National Day of Slayer .
National holidays in America are n’t just about celebrating ; they ’re about forcing it upon non-participants . ”
By this are you not equating yourself with Religion , which according to you , forces its holidays as National Events [ in America ] as celebrations even upon non-participants ?
Do you also have political beliefs like in The Left since people opposed to Religion / Conservatism are regarded as having belief in The Left ?
Reference : right adj .
4 a party or group favouring conservative views and capitalist policies .
[ The Oxford English Minidictionary Fifth Edition Edited By Lucinda Coventry With Martin Nixon .
Oxford University Press . ]
So are n’t you as intolerant as Religion , whom I assume do not like from the earlier below - mentioned quote
“ Also , do you really want those evangelical Neo-Cons to have all the fun with their “ National Day of Prayer ”
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force :
We ’re not really fanatics , but we were stumping for the “ equal time ” consideration that has since vanished from the American consciousness .
And even secular holidays are forced upon non-participants , so we ’re not singling out just the church folks .
The Right Hand Path : Moving from the objective , I must again congratulate you because Tom Araya sent you a video from their studio sessions ; the National Day Of Slayer Task Force members recently met Slayer .
The photographs on the National Day Of Slayer website had the Task Force members faces “ pentagram - ed / covered with Slayer ’s Pentagram [ old logo ] .
Why so , was it for fun or is it that you guys prefer Anonymity ?
What do you feel about these accomplishments of yours ?
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force :
We like our anonymity .
In this country if you offend , you do n’t eat .
None of us need those kinds of problems .
And like I said before , nobody involved in NDoS is trying to be famous .
We ’re just trying to “ score one for the team ” .
As for Slayer ’s support , we could n’t be more pleased .
Those guys do n’t have to give anyone the time of day , so the fact that they made efforts to give our organization more validity was really exciting .
The Right Hand Path :
On a slightly unrelated note to this topic , what do you think of the Obama Administration since it was considered in some quarters that the previous Bush Administration had representatives of Neo -Cons that is The Neo-Conservatives , people supportive of Religion , Christianity , Israel , American Expansionism [ please correct me if I am wrong in my understanding of Neo - Cons from what I have read ]
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force : All I can say is that Obama has yet to proclaim the National Day of Slayer a national holiday for Hessians .
If he ’s as good as his word about inclusiveness , he ’ll do it next year .
Who knows , we could have a Hessian President one day !
The Right Hand Path : Since 2006 and in today ’s time in 2009 , does “ The Official Statement On Participation ” and “ Taking The Participation To A Problematic Level ” at the National Day Of Slayer remain the same ?
The reason why I ask this is with regards to a Church Desecration which allegedly involved Hessians and people belonging / believing in the National Day Of Slayer was not condoned by Kerry King in the past .
Since the Police got involved in this case , do you oppose such incidents since they break the law and show disrespect to other people ’s beliefs whether we like them or not ?
What is your take on this and also on the coverage that you have received in the Local as well as International Media ?
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force : First of all , let ’s be clear that nobody involved with Hessians.org had any hand in that crime ( as far as I know ) .
And no , we have n’t softened our celebration rules at all .
Why would we do that ?
I thought what those guys did was bold and hilarious , and it certainly got the message across .
We we totally happy with the media outrage .
It ’s not often that Slayer is a top news story .
Kerry King did n’t specifically endorse the church vandalism but he does endorse the site , so you can be the judge of that .
The Right Hand Path :
Do all those people involved in running the National Day Of Slayer have their favourite Slayer album and song as the 1986 release “ Reign In Blood ” and “ Angel Of Death , since they are mentioned in the website ?
Some people tend to assume / have assumed mistakenly in the past to Slayer have Nazi influences / inspirations [ the S in Slayer similar to Nazi Schutzstaffel , the Eagle logo [ similar to the one in Third Reich , the song Angel Of Death about Dr. Joseph Mengele to name a few ] .
Have you faced any problems due to this , Slayer ’s anti-Christian / Satanic tilt in their songs and the anti-religion stance of Metal Music ?
I also see that in the National Day Of Slayer website ’s footer , the copyright notice acknowledges Slayer images and soundfiles copyright from 1982 - 1989 .
Do you like Slayer albums from this particular period of time only ?
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force : Reign in Blood is the favorite album at National Day of Slayer , yes .
Is n’t that true for almost everybody ?
Slayer ’s best work was in the 80’s , though I ’m pleased to say that the last album and the newest one are remarkable returns to form .
As for the Nazism thing , Slayer has n’t really taken grief for that in a long time and neither have we .
It ’s obvious they ’re not Nazis , they just like death and destruction .
The Right Hand Path :
You have also quoted Psalm 116:15 from the Christian Bible in one of your web banners titled “ America , Listen To Slayer ” , so , do you often refer to the Bible for promoting the National Day Of Slayer ?
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force :
No , but that quote was always striking since it stands against the cuddly and loving idea of God that most Christians embrace .
“ God hates us all ” ?
Perhaps .
The Right Hand Path :
The bottom end of your website has flags from countries most of which are in Europe / Scandinavia , I believe they are for The International Day Of Slayer , so is the organization Europe and America centric with regards to celebrating the National Day Of Slayer ?
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force :
The flags are actually links to all the different languages into which the site has been translated .
We had people all over the world offering to do this for us , and we are very grateful since we want this to be a worldwide phenomenon .
Know anyone who can translate to Hindi ?
The Right Hand Path : Many thanks for this Exclusive Interview to The Right Hand Path .
What would you like to say to the readers / viewers of The Right Hand Path and Slayer fans ?
JT , Director of National Day of Slayer Task Force : Keep celebrating National Day of Slayer every June 6th .
Hessians have a voice , so use it !
And buy Slayer ’s World Painted Blood .
It kills .
Thanks !
As we continue to wait for a puff of white smoke to emerge from a Bay Area chimney , a pair of really big gold pants has been raised up the flag pole .
Per Matt Maiocco of the Santa Rosa Press - Democrat , aging and largely irrelevant ’90s rap star M.C. Hammer was present for Tuesday ’s meeting between receiver Michael Crabtree and the 49ers .
So for the first time since Master P handled the negotiations of Ricky Williams ’ rookie contract with the Saints , an entertainer apparently is trying to get his fingerprints onto an NFL deal .
It would n’t be Hammer ’s first flirtation with the NFL .
Way back in ’ 91 , he was a derby - and - cane fixture at Falcons games , at the behest of cornerback Deion Sanders .
They later collaborated on a song , “ Straight to My Feet . ”
And Maiocco recalls that Hammer lived in Deion ’s Fremont , California mansion in 1994 , his only season with the 49ers .
Sanders , of course , was represented by Crabtree ’s agent , Eugene Parker , and Sanders has injected himself into the middle of the present mess by suggesting that multiple teams had tampered with Crabtree by offering him twice the money that the 49ers had placed on the table .
It ’s unclear what Hammer ’s role , if any , might be .
But Maiocco points out that an employee at the hotel where the meeting occurred said that Crabtree was heard telling Hammer , “ Get it done . ”
Maybe that ’s he name of the song that will launch Hammer ’s latest attempt at a comeback .
Crabtree will have a cameo in the video .
Along with Larry the Cable Guy .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government plans to buy another $ 30 million in pork products in fiscal 2009 for federal food assistance programs to help the flailing hog industry , U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said on Thursday .
But pork futures prices fell on the news , as traders at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange had expected a bigger aid package , and said $ 30 million will do little to help the beleaguered sector because of a glut of pork in storage .
“ Quantity - wise , that ’s a drop in the bucket , ” said John Kleist , broker - analyst with Allendale Inc .
“ We have enough in the freezer that they ( USDA ) could take and not even put a dent in the freezer for $ 30 million . ”
USDA has bought about $ 151 billion of pork so far this fiscal year , which ends this month .
The hog industry , which has been losing money since October 2007 , has been battered by a slumping global economy at a time when some traditional importers , such as China , have been producing more of their own pork .
Producers were also hurt when some countries banned pork imports on H1N1 flu fears , even though health officials say the virus , originally known as swine flu , is not linked to meat products .
“ These purchases will assist pork producers who are currently struggling due to depressed market conditions and reflects the Obama Administration ’s ongoing work to support struggling producers , ” Vilsack said .
Pork farmers said they were grateful for the support , although they had asked USDA to buy $ 150 million in pork , including $ 50 million in fiscal 2009 .
“ The pork purchase and the ongoing efforts to reopen export markets are important steps that will help our industry bring pork supply and demand back into balance and allow producers to continue providing consumers worldwide with economical , nutritious pork products , ” said Don Butler , president of the National Pork Producers Council , in a statement .
Analysts have said the U.S. hog herd may need to shrink to drive up pork prices because of the lack of demand .
In its monthly agricultural report released last month , the USDA forecast 2009 exports would slump to 4.183 billion lbs , a drop of 10 percent from last year .
Exports in 2010 were forecast at 4.45 billion lbs .
( Additional reporting by Jerry Bieszk ;
Reading out the end time in browser speed tests
A few weeks back I did some DOM speed tests on mobile browsers ( results forthcoming ) .
The most important result of these tests is not the actual values ( although they ’re interesting ) , but the fact that I could finally prove a theory that I ’ve had in the back of my mind for at least two years now .
Basically , when setting up a speed test you should be very careful to allow the browser to render the result on screen before you close the test by reading out the second timestamp .
An example will clarify this point .
A DOM speed test may look roughly as follows :
function testIt ( ) { var startTime = new Date ( ) .getTime ( ) ; // actual DOM functionality to be tested goes here var end Time = new Date ( ) .getTime ( ) ; var result = ( endTime - startTime ) / 1000 ; // print result }
Although this script might seem fine at first sight , it ’s not .
The problem here is that the entire test , including the time measurements , are wrapped in one function , and that some browsers only applies the result of the test ( i.e. the changes in the DOM you want to test ) to the screen after the function has ended entirely .
Thus the end timestamp is read before the browser has applied the result to the screen .
So what really happens here is the following :
Get start time Perform DOM manipulation in browser memory Get end time and calculate result
The function ends , and only now does the browser start to apply the results of the DOM manipulation to the actual DOM .
Not all browsers wait until the end of the function to apply the results , but some do , among which Safari for the iPhone 2.2 .
These browsers only report the time it takes them to build the new DOM tree in the browser memory , and disregard the time it takes to show it on the screen .
Any testing methodology must work in all browsers , so our test function must work around this problem .
The correct way of conducting this test is setting a timeout for reading out the end time .
The function ends when the in -memory DOM manipulation has been done , which allows the browser to apply the changes .
Because the browser uses its complete capacity for applying the changes to the screen , executing the timeout is deferred until it is done , even if that takes far longer than the formal timeout time .
function testIt ( ) { var startTime = new Date ( ) .getTime ( ) ; // actual DOM functionality to be tested goes here setTimeout ( function ( ) { var end Time = new Date ( ) .getTime ( ) ; var result = ( endTime - startTime ) / 1000 ; // print result },10 ) }
What happens now is the following :
Get start time Perform DOM manipulation in browser memory Define a function to get end time and calculate result and set a timeout
The function ends , and only now does the browser start to apply the results of the DOM manipulation to the actual DOM .
Once the DOM manipulation is finished , the browser is freed up to treat the timeout we set , and now the function that gets the end time and shows the result is executed .
In other words , this allows us to also measure the time the browser needs to show the results on screen .
This is what we really want to know .
If the browser is lightning - fast in performing DOM manipulations in its memory , but sluggish in applying them to the screen , the net result for the end user is a relatively sluggish user experience .
This is not a random theoretical musing .
I tried both methodologies on Safari iPhone 2.2 in a test that generated 5,000 list items .
The first , incorrect , method yields a total time of about 3 seconds , while the second , correct , method yields a total time of about 14 seconds .
That ’s an 11 second difference .
( I ’d be interested in the iPhone 3 results .
I deliberately have n’t updated my iPhone yet , because there still are some tests I want to conduct on the 2.2 OS . )
In other words , the iPhone 2.2 takes 3 seconds to perform the necessary calculations in its memory , but subsequently takes 11 seconds to show the changes on screen .
It ’s slow , in other words .
The first method does not reveal that ; we need the second one for an accurate reading .
Therefore it ’s important that whenever you do speed tests , the end time should be calculated only after the browser has finished applying the results to the screen .
Comments are closed .
I was not excited when the Thrashers invited Maxim Afinogenov to NHL Camp on a try out contract .
When he was a Buffalo Sabre , I always found " Mad Max " extremely frustrating to watch .
He had all the tools to be a superstar -- great acceleration , amazing stickhandling , a hard shot -- but the whole package never exceeded the sum of its parts .
He would charge down the ice and pull fans out of their seats , but fail to convert the opportunity .
My conclusion was " a lot of sizzle , not enough steak . "
But lately , Afinogenov has been cashing in more of those golden opportunities .
He has gone from " talent tease " to " productive teammate " and the Thrashers are picking up more standing points because of it .
Last night he scored the tying goal with the goalie pulled -- this earned the Thrashers a big point in the standings .
Since Kovalchuk 's return from his foot injury , the chemistry on the Max - Antro - Kovy line has been very good .
Kovalchuk and Afinogenov are the sizzle with their speed and passing , and Antropov is the defensive conscious and the brute who forces turnovers and extends the life of shifts in the offensive zone .
Perhaps , more importantly , Captain Kovalchuk really trusts Afinogenov and shows no hesitation to share the puck with him .
Watch the way Kovalchuk mobs Afinogenov after his game tying goal last night -- it starts looking like a football scrum towards the end .
Afinogenov 's 17 points in 17 games is a terrific return on a very modest investment in player salary .
The Thrashers have greatly increased team payroll this year , but they still trail behind many of the big spenders .
It is crucial for the Thrashers to get a more for their money -- and the production from Max has them on the road to being a quality club in the mix for a playoff berth .
I was already thinking about writing about Max and was listening to the post - game show on the radio while driving home .
Dan Kamal and Darren Eliot made a great point that the credit goes not only to the player , but also to the GM for seizing the opportunity to sign Afinogenov , and Coach Anderson who is getting the most out of Max without obsessing over his faults .
Both Slava Kozlov and Maxim Afinogenov appear to have flourished after escaping Buffalo 's Lindy Ruff .
To be fair Coach Anderson was not successful in working with Jason Williams or getting the most out of Erik Christensen , but he is doing well with Maxim Afinogenov , Rich Peverley and Mark Popovic thus far .
In my opinion , Maxim has taken his game to another level the last two weeks .
He is displaying more confidence , making the smart play much more often and limiting turnovers .
The big question is whether this is a just a hot streak -- or can Afinogenov sustain this over an extended stretch this season ?
MEXICO CITY , Mexico ( CNN ) -- Gunmen shot and killed 17 patients and wounded two others in a drug rehabilitation center in northern Mexico late Wednesday , the mayor of Ciudad Juarez said Thursday .
Police gather at the rehab facility where 17 people were killed in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , late Wednesday .
Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said authorities believe a rival drug gang attacked the men at the El Aviane rehab facility .
" At the very least , it was one organized crime group thinking that another group was operating in that place , " Reyes told CNN .
Wednesday night 's shootings , he said , are similar to an attack at a drug facility in March that left 20 patients dead .
A Mexican civic group said last week that Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas , had the most slayings per capita in 2008 of any city in the world .
Watch scene at rehab center after shootings »
More than 1,420 people have been killed in Juarez this year , Reyes told CNN on Monday .
About 1,600 people were killed in Juarez in 2008 , Reyes said .
The latest Juarez killings came on the same day that gunmen shot dead the No. 2 security official and three others in Michoacan , the home state of Mexican President Felipe Calderon .
Jose Manuel Revuelta Lopez , the deputy public safety secretary of Mexico's Michoacan state , was killed in a shootout that also claimed the lives of two of his bodyguards and a bystander caught in the crossfire , said Jesus Humberto Adame Ortiz , spokesman for the state .
Revuelta was leaving his office at 5:15 p.m. in the state capital , Morelia , when the shooting occurred , Adame said .
An unprecedented wave of violence has washed over Mexico since Calderon declared war on drug cartels shortly after coming into office in December 2006 .
More than 11,000 people have since died , about 1,000 of them police .
The offensive against the government has been especially fierce in Michoacan .
In July , La Familia Michoacana drug cartel was accused of assaults in a half - dozen cities across the state and of torturing and killing 12 off - duty federal agents and dumping their bodies on a remote road .
That violence was thought to have been retaliation for the arrest of a La Familia leader .
In Juarez , much of the violence is being committed by the rival Sinaloa and Juarez drug cartels , which are fighting for lucrative routes into the United States as well as local street sales , Reyes said .
The deportations of thousands of Mexicans who have served time in U.S. jails into Ciudad Juarez are adding a deadly ingredient to an already volatile state of security , he said .
In the past 45 days , 10 percent of those killed in Juarez had been deported from the United States in the past two years , Reyes said .
" We do n't have the statistics to know if they were criminals from the United States or not , " he told CNN .
" We know they were deported from the U.S. Most of them come from U.S. jails .
They end up in the city of Juarez , and that 's a problem generated for us , but also for the United States . "
Most deportees are simply Mexicans who crossed the border illegally , but some hardened criminals get involved with the gangs , which have networks in the United States , Reyes said .
According to a report released last week by the Mexican Citizens Council for Public Security watchdog group , Juarez had an estimated rate of 130 killings per 100,000 people .
The city has a population of around 1.5 million .
By comparison , the homicide rate in New Orleans , Louisiana , the deadliest city in the United States in 2008 , was 64 homicides per 100,000 residents , based on preliminary FBI figures .
CNN 's Arthur Brice and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .
All About Mexico • Ciudad Juarez • Felipe Calderon • Murder and Homicide
A group of gay and lesbian conservatives will gather in Fort Lauderdale to celebrate the arrival of a new club in South Florida on Friday Sept. 11 .
The new club was created as another avenue for local gay and lesbian conservatives to network and to engage in local activism .
The group ’s basic principles of a free market economy strong defense personal freedom and responsibility align perfectly with basic Republican tent pole issues .
In addition the Sunshine Republicans aim to increase GLBT awareness and inclusion in the party and in the nation .
While monthly meeting information is to be announced the new club will host its high profile kickoff event at the Fort Lauderdale City Hall on Sept. 11 at 7 p.m .
The event is open to the public in an attempt to lure conservatives to the new group and to the Republican Party .
The meeting will feature special guest Robert Lowry Republican candidates for Congress and other guests from the community .
More special guests are to be announced .
Please visit www.sunshinerepublicans.org for further meeting details or to find out more about the Sunshine Republicans .
Crossposted via Miami Herald .
Dr Peter Watts , a PhD biologist and a hell of a science fiction writer , talks about what it means that a bunch of climate scientists
Science does n't work despite scientists being asses .
Science works , to at least some extent , because scientists are asses .
Bickering and backstabbing are essential elements of the process .
Have n't any of these guys ever heard of " peer review " ?
There 's this myth in wide circulation : rational , emotionless Vulcans in white coats , plumbing the secrets of the universe , their Scientific Methods unsullied by bias or emotionalism .
Most people know it 's a myth , of course ; they subscribe to a more nuanced view in which scientists are as petty and vain and human as anyone ( and as egotistical as any therapist or financier ) , people who use scientific methodology to tamp down their human imperfections and manage some approximation of objectivity .
But that 's a myth too .
The fact is , we are all humans ; and humans come with dogma as standard equipment .
We can no more shake off our biases than Liz Cheney could pay a compliment to Barack Obama .
The best we can do– the best science can do– is make sure that at least , we get to choose among competing biases .
That 's how science works .
It 's not a hippie love - in ; it 's rugby .
Every time you put out a paper , the guy you pissed off at last year 's Houston conference is gonna be laying in wait .
Every time you think you 've made a breakthrough , that asshole supervisor who told you you needed more data will be standing ready to shoot it down .
You want to know how the Human Genome Project finished so far ahead of schedule ?
Because it was the Human Genome projects , two competing teams locked in bitter rivalry , one led by J. Craig Venter , one by Francis Collins — and from what I hear , those guys did not like each other at all .
In which I am inspired by a snarky comment on another blog .
My normal routine involves a fair amount of procrastination , but I tell myself that 's OK ( really ) , because sometimes it leads to work ideas .
Like , a couple of months ago , when I was browsing through the Onion AV Club and stumbled over the headline , " By 2100 Everyone Will Be Part Duggar . "
Naturally , my response was to wonder whether that might actually be true .
After all , back in 2003 , researchers figured out that 8 percent of all men living in central and east Asia–a huge proportion of the global population–are likely descendants of Mongol ruler / horde - leader Genghis Khan .
I contacted some of the researchers involved in that project to find out whether we can project that kind of genetic impact forward in time as well .
Image courtesy TLC .
The answer : Kinda - sorta .
" It 's really just a little simple math , " said Spencer Wells , Ph.D. , Explorer - in - Residence with the National Geographic Society , working on their Genographic Project , which traces human migration patterns by studying DNA markers .
" If you imagine that each of the Duggars ' 19 kids has 19 kids , for only four generations –that 's only going for 100 years –there would be 130,000 descendants of this one couple . "
But , at the same time , it 's not as easy as all that .
Wells , and colleague Chris Tyler - Smith , Ph.D. , head of the Human Evolution team at The Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute , said it 's too early to tell what the Duggars ' genetic impact on America will be .
Let 's look back at Khan again .
And clarify things a bit , while we 're at it .
It 's important to point out that nobody knows for certain that 8 percent of Asian men are descendants of the Mongol leader .
What we know is that those men share a collection of genetic mutations–a haplotype–on the Y chromosome , which suggests that they all shared a common male ancestor .
Y chromosomes are passed from father to son intact , without the shake - n- bake interference of maternal DNA .
So Y chromosomes do n't get remixed each generation , but they do , occasionally , pick up a small change here and there from random mutation .
Scientists know roughly how often those mutations happen , so they can look at a haplotype , see how different it is from the general population , and get an idea of when that family group broke off from the herd .
In this case , the point of origination would have been about 1000 years ago , give or take .
Scientists associate the haplotype with Genghis Khan not because all the men who share it have a predilection for little furry hats , but because of simple logical deduction .
It 's a rare guy who is going to have enough children , and whose children will have enough children ( and etc. ) to leave such a big mark on such a large geographic area .
Historically , we know that around 800 years ago , old Genghis was doing quite a bit of marrying , concubining and raping / pillaging .
And we know that his immediate descendants were also powerful men who were able to have a lot of children , with a lot of different women , in a lot of different places .
Chris Tyler - Smith explains it thusly ,
" So we can either say that there were two separate events : One , Genghis Khan 's lineage , which was present in Mongolia 800 years ago and we know was greatly amplified over the next centuries , has disappeared from the current gene pool , while another lineage that arose in the same place around the same time has reached high frequency without leaving any trace in history .
Or we can say that Genghis Khan 's lineage and the star cluster lineage were the same .
To me , this second possibility is the simpler explanation .
Indirect , but a bit more than guesswork . "
To tie this whole Mongolian warlord thing back to the Duggars , just look at the kids .
Genghis ' sons , grandsons , and great - grandsons were privileged by his power and wealth .
They had the means to support BIG families , and the social capital to acquire those families .
In fact , they had the social obligation to breed it up .
And , thus , did the not - exactly - meek - and - peaceful Khan inherit most of Asia .
Whether the scientists of 2800 are studying the Duggar haplotype depends on how many babies the 19 Duggar kids , and their kids , have .
In this case , it 's not necessarily a given that the parents ' productivity will be inherited .
If growing up in America 's biggest TV family leaves most of the kids gun-shy , so to speak , the family could end up with no more of a long - term genetic footprint than the rest of us .
On the other hand , there are certainly social and religious factors encouraging the Duggarlets to follow in their parents ' footsteps .
And , if a large number of them do , and if their kids carry on the family tradition … we could well be on the way to welcoming our Duggar overlords .
Genetically speaking .
Side note :
In writing this , I kept having to re-check to proper spelling of " Duggar " in the singular , because it looked weird .
Because you never see the name in that form .
This CBS Report suggests that Osama bin Laden had been admitted to a Pakistani Military hospital in Rawalpindi on the evening of the 10th local time , less than 24 hours before the terrorist attacks .
The report does not mention when he was actually released .
The Pakistani military headquarters located in Rawalpindi is integrated by resident US military and intelligence advisers , who routinely report to Washington .
If this report is correct , this suggests that the whereabouts of Osama bin Laden on September 11 were known to the Bush Administration .
.
Bin Laden Whereabouts Before 9/11
CBS Evening News with Dan Rather ; Author : Dan Rather , Barry Petersen CBS , 28 January 2002 Centre for Research on Globalisation ( CRG ) , globalresearch.ca , 28 March 2002
CRG 's Global Outlook , premiere issue on " Stop the War " provides detailed documentation on the war and the " Post - September 11 Crisis . "
Order / subscribe .
Consult Table of Contents
DAN RATHER , CBS ANCHOR :
As the United states and its allies in the war on terrorism press the hunt for Osama bin Laden , CBS News has exclusive information tonight about where bin Laden was and what he was doing in the last hours before his followers struck the United States September 11 .
This is the result of hard - nosed investigative reporting by a team of CBS news journalists , and by one of the best foreign correspondents in the business , CBS`s Barry Petersen .
Here is his report .
( BEGIN VIDEOTAPE ) BARRY PETERSEN , CBS CORRESPONDENT ( voice - over ) : Everyone remembers what happened on September 11 .
Here`s the story of what may have happened the night before .
It is a tale as twisted as the hunt for Osama bin Laden .
CBS News has been told that the night before the September 11 terrorist attack , Osama bin Laden was in Pakistan .
He was getting medical treatment with the support of the very military that days later pledged its backing for the U.S. war on terror in Afghanistan .
Pakistan intelligence sources tell CBS News that bin Laden was spirited into this military hospital in Rawalpindi for kidney dialysis treatment .
On that night , says this medical worker who wanted her identity protected , they moved out all the regular staff in the urology department and sent in a secret team to replace them .
She says it was treatment for a very special person .
The special team was obviously up to no good .
" The military had him surrounded , " says this hospital employee who also wanted his identity masked , " and I saw the mysterious patient helped out of a car .
Since that time , " he says , " I have seen many pictures of the man .
He is the man we know as Osama bin Laden .
I also heard two army officers talking to each other .
They were saying that Osama bin Laden had to be watched carefully and looked after . "
Those who know bin Laden say he suffers from numerous ailments , back and stomach problems .
Ahmed Rashid , who has written extensively on the Taliban , says the military was often there to help before 9/11 .
AHMED RASHID , TALIBAN EXPERT :
There were reports that Pakistani intelligence had helped the Taliban buy dialysis machines .
And the rumor was that these were wanted for Osama bin Laden .
PETERSEN ( on camera ) : Doctors at the hospital told CBS News there was nothing special about that night , but they refused our request to see any records .
Government officials tonight denied that bin Laden had any medical treatment on that night .
( voice - over ) : But it was Pakistan`s President Musharraf who said in public what many suspected , that bin Laden suffers from kidney disease , saying he thinks bin Laden may be near death .
His evidence , watching this most recent video , showing a pale and haggard bin Laden , his left hand never moving .
Bush administration officials admit they don`t know if bin Laden is sick or even dead .
DONALD RUMSFELD , DEFENSE SECRETARY : With respect to the issue of Osama bin Laden`s health , I just am -- don`t have any knowledge .
PETERSEN : The United States has no way of knowing who in Pakistan`s military or intelligence supported the Taliban or Osama bin Laden maybe up to the night before 9/11 by arranging dialysis to keep him alive .
So the United States may not know if those same people might help him again perhaps to freedom .
Barry Petersen , CBS News , Islamabad .
( END VIDEOTAPE ) END
Copyright CBS 2002 .
Reprinted for Fair use only .
The URL of this article is :
http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CBS203A.html
There are not any results that match " \ " ; alert ( ' XSS ' ) ; // " .
Three teenage boys say they were made to kneel in front of tanks to deter Hamas attacks
Israel has been accused of using Palestinian human shields during its invasion of Gaza , a breach of the Geneva conventions that prohibit intentionally putting civilian lives at risk .
The Guardian has interviewed three Gazan brothers who described how they were taken from their home at gunpoint , made to kneel in front of tanks to deter Hamas fighters from firing and sent by Israeli soldiers into Palestinian houses to clear them .
" They would make us go first , so if any fighters shot at them the bullets would hit us , not them , " said 14 - year - old Al 'a al - Attar .
His brothers , Ali , 15 , and Nafiz , 16 , described how when the three of them were being led through built - up areas in their home town of ­Attartra , the soldiers would order them to suddenly stop ‑ then fire their rifles over the brothers ' shoulders and between their legs .
The use of " human shields " is prohibited under article 28 of the fourth Geneva convention , which states : " The presence of a protected person may not be used to render certain points or areas immune from military operations . "
Israel has ratified the convention and is therefore bound by it .
An Israeli internal army magazine left behind by the troops shows Nafiz at the beginning of his ordeal being led bound and blindfolded in a line of men before he was stripped of his clothes .
Another article in the magazine 's online edition details a separate incident , titled : " For a week and a half they [ Israeli soldiers ] lived with a family of Palestinians whose home became their stronghold . "
In it an officer talks openly of using the house as a base for operations while keeping the family in a downstairs room .
" At the top floor of the house we have established an improvised operational room and soldiers ' bedroom , we have opened firing positions and observation points in the three additional rooms , " the officer was quoted as saying .
" In addition , we have established another guarding position on the entrance door of the family home . "
Though the officer claims the family stayed in the house out of choice , using their house as a base while civilians were on the premises could still be a violation of international law .
The Attar brothers ' ordeal began on 5 January when Israeli troops entered the town of Attartra , 1.2 miles ( 2 km ) from the border with Israel , and began firing into their house .
They were led away blindfolded and at gunpoint in single file as the gunfire carried on around them .
At one point the boys were forced to march in front of and alongside Israeli tanks .
They were then forced to kneel in a makeshift Israeli encampment for three days and three nights as tanks fired off shells around them .
Human rights groups believe they were held there to deter Palestinian fighters from attacking .
" After being here for a day and a half , they put barbed wire around us , then empty tank shells kept landing on us , a rock or shrapnel came flying toward us .
We spent a further three days here , right here , " said Nafiz .
After five days Ali and Al'a were untied , had their blindfolds removed and were released straight into a firefight .
They came under attack from Israeli tanks and helicopters as they tried to find their way home through the ruins of their neighbourhood , the boys said .
Nafiz was not so lucky .
He was taken to Israel where he was interrogated for three days and says he was beaten .
Finally he was taken back into Gaza and released .
The boys ' parents , who are ardent supporters of Fatah ‑ Hamas ' political rivals ‑ cannot understand why they were taken .
The use of human shields was outlawed by Israel 's supreme court in 2005 following several clearly identified incidents , but human rights groups insist the Israeli military continues to use civilians in this way , albeit less often .
In February 2007 , Associated Press Television News released footage showing 24 - year - old Palestinian Sameh Amira being used as a human shield by a group of Israeli soldiers in Nablus .
The Israeli army declined to be interviewed about the practice but said it gave strict orders to soldiers not to use civilians as human shields during this operation .
In a written statement , it said that only Hamas had used human shields by attacking troops from within civilian areas .
Hamas denied the claim , saying it would not endanger the lives of other Palestinians , but surveillance footage provided by Israel appears to show this .
Moving on ( Image : CERN ) Energy comparison
The Large Hadron Collider is by no means the last of the particle smashers .
A group at CERN recently explored the various scenarios that might emerge from the atomic debris in Geneva – and how they would shape what colliders we build next .
We draw out the key points about each of the scenarios .
Detect a Higgs
What will detecting a Higgs boson mean ?
If the characteristics of the Higgs fit with the predictions of the standard model of particle physics , it should be found within three years .
The discovery would confirm that a Higgs …
Post written by Leo Babauta .
Follow me on Twitter .
Great news for you Firefox minimalists : have you always wanted Minimalist Gmail in one click ?
There ’s an extension for that .
After my post on creating a Minimalist Gmail experience using Greasemonkey scripts , programmer and artist Matt Constantine worked hard to create an amazing Firefox extension that did what I was looking for and a lot more : The Minimalist Gmail Firefox Extension .
You can install this extension and not worry about installing Greasemonkey or any of the many user scripts I detailed in my previous post .
This simple extension creates a barely - noticeable label in the top right corner that you click on to give you options to hide :
The entire Gmail header , including all the links across the top , the Gmail logo , the search box , and other clutter at the top .
The footer , which is a bunch of small links across the bottom of Gmail .
All the ads that show up to the right of your email message — hiding ads gives wider screen space to your messages .
Non-essential things in your sidebar , including the chat box and invite box .
If you have other gadgets in your sidebar enabled , you can disable them in Gmail ’s settings .
Almost everything in the Inbox view , including the lines separating messages , buttons along the bottom , most buttons and links across the top .
You decide which elements to hide , but if you check all the options , the result is a very satisfying uncluttered Gmail .
The best email program just got beautiful .
For those who normally use the buttons , Matt and I both recommend enabling the keyboard shortcuts and learning them .
You can do all the things you do with the buttons , but faster , and it only takes a few minutes to learn them .
If you ’re interested in reading more on how I use Gmail , the minimalist way , check out the steps I use at the bottom of my previous post .
I ’d like to give a big “ thank you ” to Matt for creating this extension .
Check out his site or follow him on Twitter .
If you liked this post , please bookmark it on Delicious .
Thanks my friends .
—
Elsewhere :
American megacorp Cargill , which brought in $ 116.6 billion in revenue last year , is in the spotlight this week around the story of Stephanie Smith : the 22 year old children 's dance instructor was paralyzed from the waist down after eating E. coli-tainted hamburger traced back to the meat supplier .
She was in a coma for nine weeks ( that 's her , hospitalized , in the photo below ) , and can now no longer walk .
" Ground beef is not a completely safe product , " one food safety expert in the article is quoted .
Well , no shit .
Snip from an extensive investigative report in Sunday 's New York Times :
The frozen hamburgers that the Smiths ate , which were made by the food giant Cargill , were labeled " American Chef 's Selection Angus Beef Patties . "
Yet confidential grinding logs and other Cargill records show that the hamburgers were made from a mix of slaughterhouse trimmings and a mash - like product derived from scraps that were ground together at a plant in Wisconsin .
The ingredients came from slaughterhouses in Nebraska , Texas and Uruguay , and from a South Dakota company that processes fatty trimmings and treats them with ammonia to kill bacteria .
Using a combination of sources — a practice followed by most large producers of fresh and packaged hamburger — allowed Cargill to spend about 25 percent less than it would have for cuts of whole meat .
Those low - grade ingredients are cut from areas of the cow that are more likely to have had contact with feces , which carries E. coli , industry research shows .
Yet Cargill , like most meat companies , relies on its suppliers to check for the bacteria and does its own testing only after the ingredients are ground together .
E. Coli Path Shows Flaws in Beef Inspection ( New York Times )
BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Europe will this week launch a campaign to triple funding for energy research to 8 billion euros ( $ 11.7 billion ) a year in a technology race with Japan and the United States , a draft document shows .
Workers install solar panels on what will be the biggest integrated solar panel roof of the world , at a farm in Weinbourg , Eastern France in this February 12 , 2009 file photo .
REUTERS / Vincent Kessler
Solar power should get 16 billion euros over the next decade and up to 30 energy - sipping “ Smart Cities ” should be built with the backing of around 11 billion euros , added the report by the European Union ’s executive , the European Commission .
In total , at least 50 billion euros of additional funding is seen over the next 10 years to ensure a wide range of technology emerges to help the EU meet its goal of cutting greenhouse gases by 80 percent by 2050 .
“ We need to stimulate our best brains to push back the frontiers of science in materials , in chemistry and physics , in nanotechnology and biotechnology , to find new and better ways of producing and consuming energy , ” says the draft obtained by Reuters ahead of the launch on Wednesday .
“ We can not sit back and wait for such potentially game changing breakthroughs to emerge from laboratories and make the often long and arduous journey to market , ” it adds .
The report looks at how much funding is needed , rather than how businesses and the EU ’s 27 member countries would find the money as they emerge from the biggest downturn since the second world war .
But earlier Commission proposals for funding energy projects , such as the 4 billion euros “ European Economic Recovery Plan ” have made swift progress this year and are now in the later stages of debate by EU ambassadors .
Companies ranging from Germany ’s E.ON to Spain ’s Gamesa look set to benefit .
Wind energy research should get 6 billion euros over the next decade , nuclear research should get 7 billion euros and energy from biomass and other waste 9 billion .
There should also be 13 billion euros for innovative “ carbon capture and storage ” technology to trap carbon dioxide from power stations and bury it underground .
JOB CREATION
The money , from both public and private sources , will be backed with a major push to coordinate research and reverse a tradition of duplication and wasted academic effort among the EU ’s 27 nations .
The strategy is aimed at slashing output of gases blamed for climate change , but it also is to wean the EU off its dependency on costly oil and gas for 80 percent of its energy needs .
“ We know that low - carbon technology will one day become cost - competitive with fossil fuels , and the question then is whether the EU will be an importer or an exporter of that technology , ” said an EU official .
“ We have to be in pole position . ”
The switch to green energy is also expected to create significant employment .
The report sees 250,000 jobs created over the next decade as wind power shifts its focus to the seas , where wind is more plentiful and the public less critical .
Over 200,000 skilled jobs could be created in the solar energy sector , and the same number in bioenergy plants to generate energy from burning household and agricultural waste .
The so - called Strategic Energy Technology Plan ( SET Plan ) also envisions significant investment in hi-tech areas that are too risky to attract traditional sources of research funding .
“ Motor fuels direct from sunlight , digital light sources that last for decades , batteries that store electricity at 10 times the current density -- these are some of the technologies of the future , ” says the draft .
“ To master them we have to explore new levels of complexity in the physical and chemical phenomena that control how materials perform and interact , ” it adds .
( I am working in a kindergarten where over half of the kids are Maori .
The Maori word for scissors is ‘ kutikuti , ’ which is pronounced ‘ cutty cutty ’ . )
Me : * to a child * “ Can you pass me the kutikuti please ? ”
Mother : “ What did you say to my child ? ”
Me : “ I asked her to pass me the scissors . ”
Mother : “ Do n’t talk baby to my child .
She ’s smart enough to use adult words . ”
Me : “ I was n’t .
I was using the Maori name for scissors . ”
Mother : “ No , you said cutty cutty .
That ’s not Maori .
I ’m Maori , and I think I know Maori when I hear it . ”
( The child interrupts .
She grabs her mom by the hand and drags her off to a poster on the wall which has a few art objects and their Maori names under them . )
Child : “ Mom , why do you always have to pick fights with people ?
I ’m very disappointed in you ! ”
( When her mother left I gave the kid the biggest sticker I could find to put on her good behaviour chart . )
English > ESL Wordsearches Index ESL site for studying English and learning English online , including ESL Forums , ESL Chat , online TOEIC tests , ESL Materials and much more .
China vowed Thursday to cut its greenhouse gas emissions by nearly half over the next decade , a move that environmentalists and the Obama administration hailed as a major , and perhaps decisive , development toward agreement on a comprehensive climate treaty .
FOR THE RECORD
China ’s climate promise :
An article in Friday ’s Section A incorrectly stated that China had agreed to reduce its overall carbon dioxide emissions by 40 % to 45 % from 2005 levels by 2020 .
China actually promised Thursday to reduce its “ carbon intensity , ” a measure of carbon dioxide emissions per unit of gross domestic product , by 40 % to 45 % by 2020 , compared with 2005 levels .
Also , an earlier headline on this online version of the story incorrectly said “ China vows to cut greenhouse gas emissions 40 % by 2020 . ”
The announcement came a day after President Obama unveiled a provisional target to reduce carbon emissions in the United States , and said he would attend climate negotiations in Copenhagen next month .
The promises by the two largest emitters of the gases that scientists blame for global warming dramatically raised expectations for the Copenhagen summit .
Until this week , many climate activists considered the prospects for the Dec. 7 - 18 conference bleak .
The U.S. and Chinese announcements offer a “ very much needed boost going into the final steps before Copenhagen , ” said Jake Schmidt , international climate policy director for the Natural Resources Defense Council .
The Chinese announcement “ is a pretty strong signal that China is ready to move forward aggressively on clean energy and global warming , ” he added .
China ’s pledge was met enthusiastically by leaders in Europe and at the United Nations , where climate chief Yvo de Boer said the vows of emission reductions by China and the United States could help “ unlock ” an international treaty to curb climate change .
The White House also praised the move by Beijing .
“ We welcome China ’s intention to cut the growth of their emissions by reducing the carbon intensity of their economy , ” White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said .
“ Building on the president ’s productive talks in Beijing , the United States will continue to engage constructively with China on this and other elements of the negotiations going into Copenhagen . ”
Jonathan Lash , president of the World Resources Institute , noted that the two countries will need to go further in their pledges to reach the levels of commitment of some other nations .
“ But the road to an international agreement is now open more than ever , ” he said .
Still , there were signs Thursday that negotiators still have work to do before completing even a preliminary climate deal in Copenhagen -- and that some countries , particularly those that scientists call most vulnerable to climate change , were unimpressed with this week ’s announcements .
A group of small island nations Thursday criticized what it called a “ lack of ambition ” on the part of the United States and other wealthy nations , saying the world ’s most developed countries must curb emissions more than they ’ve pledged and offer billions of dollars in financial assistance to the developing world .
Those island nations wield considerable power in international climate talks .
“ These proposals are missing critical elements , ” Grenada ’s foreign affairs minister , Peter David , who chairs the 43 - member Alliance of Small Island States , said in a statement .
But he later added : “ With clear , ambitious commitments and actions from the developed countries , individually and collectively , we know that we can succeed . ”
Schmidt , of the Natural Resources Defense Council , predicted that the negotiators would eventually rally around the “ critical ” engagement of the United States and China during the conference in Denmark .
In the meantime , he said , “ I ’m sure there ’ll be some grumbling in the first week , first week and a half at Copenhagen . ”
In making its announcement about emission cuts , the Chinese government also said Premier Wen Jiabao would attend the Copenhagen summit .
“ Wen ’s presence at the meeting fully embodies the Chinese government ’s great attention to the issue and its political willingness to address the issue with international cooperation , ” Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said at a news conference in Beijing .
China ’s State Council said that by 2020 , the country would reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 40 % to 45 % compared with levels in 2005 .
This is “ a voluntary action based on our own national conditions ” and “ is a major contribution to the global effort in tackling climate change , ” the State Council said .
Although the cuts were welcomed , Greenpeace China said the targets did not go far enough , considering the Asian nation ’s emissions are expected to continue rising .
A pledge in the 45 % to 50 % range would have been better , it said .
And China ’s gross domestic product is expected to grow , so its total emissions might not drop .
Despite this , the recent moves by China and the U.S. show a willingness to lead the globe toward a climate solution , said Yang Ailun , climate campaign manager for Greenpeace China .
“ They ’re definitely feeling the heat from Copenhagen , ” Yang said .
“ The two big countries are setting up a good foundation .
China will have to be more energy efficient , which means more renewable energy .
They ’ll have to tackle their over - dependency on coal . ”
China and the U.S. have sparred over emission reduction commitments .
Beijing is reluctant to agree to any cuts that would jeopardize its economic growth and believes that developed nations , as the biggest polluters historically , should assume a larger share of overall reductions .
Washington has asserted that global warming cannot be stemmed unless China agrees to ambitious cuts .
Some lawmakers are reluctant to enter binding agreements unless China and India do too , for fear it will make the U.S. less economically competitive .
On Wednesday , the White House said the U.S. would “ put on the table ” a commitment to reduce emissions by around 17 % below 2005 levels by 2020 , and 83 % by 2050 .
The pledge is consistent with language in a climate bill stalled in the Senate , but it is also different from the Chinese plan because it aims to lower total emissions from 2005 levels .
China ’s total emissions could still go up compared with 2005 because its economic output is expected to climb .
However , with the new pledge , China would do so at a slower rate .
david.pierson@latimes.com
jtankersley@latimes.com
MOBILE , Ala . --
More than a year after the discovery of giant , voracious South American apple snails in Mobile 's Langan Municipal Park , the gastropods have colonized most of Three Mile Creek , down to the Conception Street bridge
.
The fact that the snails have migrated to within about a mile of the Mobile - Tensaw Delta represents a worst - case scenario , according to biologists .
Beginning Monday , state officials will administer a killing dose of poison to the two main ponds in Langan Park and most of Three Mile Creek .
Authorities said they hope they 're halting the advance of the snails before they colonize the Mobile - Tensaw Delta .
In addition to poisoning the thousands of fist - sized adult snails infesting the pond and creek , officials plan to smash every one of the bubble gum pink wads of snail eggs they can find , starting Saturday .
Those egg masses have become ubiquitous in the park , coating concrete walls , the face of the dam , the cattails , cypress knees and other plants emerging at the water 's edge .
Volunteers , especially volunteers with kayaks , are more than welcome to come join the smashing party .
" These guys may be the perfect snail , and that makes them very hard to kill , " said Ben Ricks , a biologist with the state Wildlife and Freshwater Fisheries division .
" They have gills , they have lungs , they burrow .
Every time we say , ' Well , why do n't we do this to kill them , ' it turns out that is n't going to work for one reason or another . "
Egg smashers needed
To volunteer to smash snail eggs in Langan Park on Saturday , contact Tammy Herrington with Mobile Baykeeper at 433-4229 .
Ricks and biologists from the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service set 25 snail traps in the pond this week .
The biologists collected the traps Thursday morning , along with 50 pounds worth of baseball - sized snails .
About a quarter of the snails in the traps were locked together -- shell opening to shell opening -- in the process of mating .
Researchers sample Langan Park snail invaders
Ricks said there is little hope that a single dose of the poison , copper sulfate , is going to do the trick .
More likely , he said , the pond will have to be poisoned several times .
If the poisoning causes a fish kill , the pond will be restocked .
Authorities plan to poison the creek all the way down to the Conception Street bridge .
As it stands now , about all that is keeping the snails from expanding out of the creek is luck .
It is possible , authorities said , they have already invaded the Delta .
" If the snail were to get into the delta , it could be devastating .
This is an important , albeit icky , task that we are looking forward to doing on Saturday morning , " said Casi Callaway , director of Mobile Baykeeper , which is coordinating the volunteers .
The snails have wreaked havoc in Louisiana , decimating rice crops and wetlands .
They typically destroy all aquatic plants in the areas they infest , leaving behind an algae - filled wasteland .
It is believed they were dumped in the park after growing too large for a home aquarium .
Calling it " a collaboration between EA 2D , BioWare , and some of the hottest indie talent from the flash developer community , " BioWare has announced the browser - based Dragon Age : Journeys , which will serve as a prequel to the upcoming Dragon Age : Origins .
Advertisement
EA 2D 's Ethan Levy unveiled the game in a post on Wednesday ; he did not give any date of release , even ballpark .
Levy did they 've been working for nearly a year on a " three chapter , single player , tactical rpg delivered in Flash .
" Right now we 're hard at work finishing the first chapter , Dragon Age Journeys : The Deep Roads .
The game will introduce you to the dwarven city of Orzammar and the Deep Roads surrounding it where the dwarves face a persistent threat from the darkspawn hordes , " Levy writes .
Advertisement
I know I 've given Dragon Age a hard time , all in fun ( at least I hope it 's been seen as such .
And hey , I 've preordered it . )
Seriously , Dragon Age : Journeys is not just a great way to extend a game 's reach ; it 's encouraging news to gamers to see work by serious developers , backed by big names , on deeper and longer - lasting browser games .
Dragon Age : Journeys [ BioWare Blog via Game Stooge ]
Updated Kent Police set a new legal precedent last week , as they arrested a photographer on the unusual grounds of " being too tall " .
This follows a year of increasingly unhappy incidents , in which continued reassurances from on high appear to have had little impact on how Police Forces deal with photographers – and reinforces a growing concern that the breakdown in trust and cooperation with the Police warned of in respect of demonstrations could soon transfer to photography too .
According to his blog , our over - tall photographer Alex Turner was taking snaps in Chatham High St last Thursday , when he was approached by two unidentified men .
They did not identify themselves , but demanded that he show them some ID and warned that if he failed to comply , they would summon police officers to deal with him .
This they did , and a PCSO and WPC quickly joined the fray .
Turner took a photo of the pair , and was promptly arrested .
It is unclear from his own account precisely what he was being arrested for .
However , he does record that the WPC stated she had felt threatened by him when he took her picture , referring to his size - 5 ' 11 " and about 12 stone - and implying that she found it intimidating .
Turner claims he was handcuffed , held in a police van for around 20 minutes , and forced to provide ID before they would release him .
He was then searched in public by plain clothes officers who failed to provide any ID before they did so .
Following his release , he further claims that the police confirmed he was at liberty to take photographs , so long as - according to the PCSO - he did not take any photographs of the police .
This is just the latest in a long line of PR disasters that have dogged police forces over the last 12 months , with tourists , schoolboys and passers - by all subject to arrest for the heinous offence of pursuing their hobby .
Each incident is followed by much police hand - wringing , and statements to the effect that these are one - offs : the fault of over - zealous individual officers .
The Home Office has issued numerous statements reaffirming the public ’s right to take photographs .
Last week , the Met issued its own guidelines , which may go some way to explaining why the Police so persistently get it wrong .
At the heart of the present controversy is the question of when behaviour becomes suspicious .
Advice we have received suggests that the police may arrest an individual under PACE s.1 or the Terrorism Act s.44 where they have reasonable suspicion that an illegal act is being carried out .
In other words , photography on its own is not suspicious behaviour : police suspicions need to be grounded in other evidence , and it is not reasonable to throw a blanket suspicion over the activities of all photographers .
Yet here is the Met guidance in respect of s.44 : " Officers have the power to view digital images contained in mobile telephones or cameras ... provided that the viewing is to determine whether the images ... are of a kind , which could be used in connection with terrorism . "
Not quite .
The Met guidelines make no mention of reasonable suspicion : in effect , they duck the single issue that is at the heart of so much grief .
We asked the Met to explain this omission , but at time of writing , they have not come back to us .
In the case reported above , a spokesman for Chatham Police was prepared to confirm only the arrest and de-arrest , and that it was in respect of suspicious conduct under the Terrorism Act 2000 .
He added that Kent Police have voluntarily referred the complaint to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
On the issues of what a citizen may lawfully do in the High St – whether ID must be supplied on demand , and whether photographing a police officer , or even being too tall , was grounds for arrest – neither Chatham nor Kent would provide any further comment .
Kent police appeared especially unhappy at providing the public with any guidance as to what constituted an offence .
However , as debate in parliament a couple of months back revealed , MPs on all sides of the House are beginning to notice a pattern : and the demand for police to act lawfully in respect of their policing of photography is growing .
Even Home Office Under - Secretary Shahid Malik , who responded in this debate , was forced to concede that the events now being brought before Parliament were regrettable , and that counter - terror legislation was not intended to be used in this way .
Despite this , the message still does not appear to be getting through to police at the sharp end .
This raises the final concern that continued failure by the police to address this issue and to ensure that their officers are interacting lawfully with the public is likely to lead to a breakdown in relations .
Following the G20 earlier this year , Her Majesty ’s Inspectorate of Constabulary issued a report ( pdf ) warning that unless police responded to public concerns , public support for the policing of demonstrations was likely to break down .
Comedian Mark Thomas has already gained headlines for his campaign against unnecessary police stops , with its slogan : " If the police choose to waste my time , I will certainly waste theirs . "
More seriously , lawyer Anna Mazzola observed in last week ’s Guardian : " If the police truly want to convince journalists that they are committed to allowing freedom of expression and to enabling members of the press to do their jobs , then they should engage with these issues rather than issuing guidance which is likely to hamper them . " ®
Update
Kent police has supplied us with the following statement , giving its take on the incident :
Assistant Chief Constable Allyn Thomas said : " Our officers are extremely vigilant and their primary concern is always the safety of the public .
" At the time of this incident , a police officer responded to a report concerning a man who was taking photographs of buildings and people in Chatham town centre .
When challenged by the police officer the man refused to give any personal details which it was thought was suspicious .
" As a result , he was arrested and asked to wait in a police vehicle while his details were checked .
He was released a short time later after these details had been properly verified , and no further action has been taken .
" A formal complaint has subsequently be made in relation to this incident which has been recorded and an investigation has commenced . "
( CNN ) -- Internet attacks shut down the social networking site Twitter for about two hours on Thursday morning and caused glitches in other sites like Facebook and LiveJournal , a blogging site .
Some Twitter users expressed near - panic that the site was not working properly Thursday .
It 's unclear if the attacks were coordinated against the social media sites .
Twitter says its site 's blackout was caused by a " denial of service attack , " which likely means a hacker used a herd of infected computers to send bad information to the site to overwhelmed it .
A post to Twitter 's blog said its
Web site was back online before noon ET , but the site 's users still were reporting problems .
" We are continuing to defend against and recover from this attack , " the message from the company says .
Facebook and other social networking sites appeared to be affected by Twitter 's shut - down , too .
Twitter runs applications through those sites and there was speculation that the glitches were related .
" Earlier this morning , we encountered issues within our network that resulted in a short period of degraded site experience for some visitors , " said Facebook spokeswoman Kathleen Loughlin .
" No user data was at risk , and the matter is now resolved for the majority of users .
We 're monitoring the situation to ensure that users continue to have the fast and reliable experience they 've come to expect from Facebook , " she said .
Twitter 's site went down around 9:30 a.m. ET on Thursday and was back online by about 11:30 a.m .
It 's unclear who plotted the attack against Twitter and what their motives may have been .
Internet attacks sometimes hit Web sites as they become popular .
Security experts say financial motives often are behind modern cyber-attacks .
Watch Mashable 's Adam Ostrow on the Twitter outage
Twitter -- a micro-blogging site where users post 140 - character messages to their followers -- has soared in popularity in recent months .
According to comScore , a Web tracking firm , the site had 44 million unique visitors in June .
Thursday 's incident highlights the degree to which people depend on online social networks to feel connected to the world .
Some Twitter and Facebook users expressed near - panic that the sites were not working properly .
Others reacted with ambivalence .
This is not the first time Twitter has been hit with a cyber-attack .
Last month , a hacker broke into the personal Google accounts of Twitter employees , stealing personal information and company financial reports and posting them online .
In an e-mail to CNN.com , Twitter co-founder Biz Stone said that incident is not related to Thursday 's security breach .
" There 's no indication that this attack is related to any previous activities .
We are currently the target of a denial of service attack , " Stone said in the e-mail .
" Attacks such as this are malicious efforts orchestrated to disrupt and make unavailable services such as online banks , credit card payment gateways , and in this case , Twitter for intended customers or users .
We are defending against this attack now and will continue to update our status blog as we defend and later investigate . "
Don DeBolt , director of threat research at CA , a computer security company , said it 's too early to tell who or what may be behind the Twitter attack .
But he said denial - of - service attacks target specific Web sites .
" To be effective , [ these attacks ] need to be focused on a Web site or a series of Web sites , " he said .
" It 's not going to be something where malware ( harmful software ) is going to be deployed and then randomly attacks Web sites . "
John Harrison , a researcher with Web security firm Symantec , said it is very difficult to learn the identity of the attacker , or attackers , as they could be anywhere on Earth and the infected network could span several countries .
Logging on to sites such as Twitter while they are under attack only makes the situation worse because it adds to the overloading of the system , he said .
The U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness
Team says it 's impossible for Web developers to fully prevent such attacks .
But everyday computer users can ensure that their machines are n't used in a coordinated attack like the one seen Thursday .
To protect their computers , consumers should update anti-virus software , create passwords that are difficult to crack and maintain computer firewalls , the agency says .
All About Twitter Inc. • Facebook Inc. • Computer Security
Created by admin on 2009 - 11 - 16 .
Updated : 2009-11-18 , 13:08
The Scala Workshop is a forum for researchers and practitioners to share new ideas and results of interest to the Scala community .
The first workshop will be held at EPFL in Lausanne , Switzerland , on Thursday 15 April 2010 , as part of a planned Scala Days 2010 event ( 15 - 16 April ) .
Further details about this event will follow a bit later on this website .
The Call for Papers of the workshop is now available .
We seek papers on topics related to Scala , including ( but not limited to ) : language design and implementation , library design and implementation patterns , formal techniques for Scala - like programs , concurrent and distributed programming , safety and reliability , tools , and case studies .
You can find the complete CFP on this page .
The Ruger 10 / 22 in its basic form is a simple , reliable .22 carbine .
With the advent of aftermarket components the 10 /22 has evolved into far more than anyone would have originally thought .
There are so many components on the market today that the only limitation is your own imagination and budget .
Everything from a mini tactical black rifle to a highly sophisticated , tack driving target / varmint rifle can be assembled by anyone with basic hand tool skills right at home in four easy steps :
Remove the barreled action from the old stock ( one or two screws ) ;
Remove the barrel from the receiver ( two screws ) ;
Attach new barrel ( two screws ) ;
Attach new stock ( one screw ) .
An experienced 10 / 22 person can accomplish this in about 15 minutes while sitting on his or her couch .
First - time switchers should take their time and allow about an hour , following the instructions below :
STEP ONE - Remove the stock and barrel band .
Start by checking to make sure the rifle is unloaded by removing the magazine and operating the action , peering into the chamber through the open bolt to confirm it is indeed unloaded .
Next , using a flat bladed screwdriver , remove the barrel band , then using the same screwdriver ( or allen key ) remove the action screw holding the barreled action to the stock .
( See Photo 1 ) .
With the rifle safely muzzle - up and the butt plate on a solid , padded surface ( like your carpeted floor ) , place the safety button in the half way position between safe and fire ( this will allow the safety button to clear the internal wood of the stock and the barreled action can be removed from the stock ) .
To remove the barreled action , put one hand on the forend of the stock , the other hand on the barrel just ahead of the stock and gently pull them apart .
Best practice is to press on the bottom of the barrel with the index finger of the hand that is grasping the forend of the stock until the barrel lifts out of the barrel channel and inch or two , keeping a firm grip on the barrel with the other hand so it does n't go flying .
The barreled action pivots upward on the back of the receiver and out of the stock .
Note that the stock finish may have adhered somewhat to the metal especially on older rifles , this is normal .
Also , as you are pivoting the barreled action away from the stock , look down at the safety button to be sure it is clearing the stock on both sides .
Still grasping the metal in one hand and the wood in the other , separate the barreled action by continuing to pivot the barrel out of the stock .
If you are planning to use the old stock screw you must remove it from the stock .
To do this push down on it from the action - side to engage the threads while unscrewing it from below , through the metal stock screw insert ( it is threaded in this insert . )
STEP TWO - Once the barreled action is removed from the stock you can replace the barrel .
First , pull back on the bolt handle and lock the action in its rear - most position .
The barrel can then be removed by removing the barrel retaining block under the barrel in front of the receiver .
Using a 5/32 " " L " shaped allen wrench completely remove the two ( 2 ) retaining screws .
The block will then slide sideways out of the dovetail in the bottom of the barrel .
The barrel should then slide straight out , there are no threads or anything , it simply slides straight in and out of the receiver easily .
Should the factory barrel be " stuck " in place , making certain the action is open feel free to apply a twisting motion .
Do not attempt to twist the barrel out with the action closed , the action must be open when removing or replacing the barrel .
( The cartridge extractor fits into a slot in the barrel .
Twisting the barrel with the action closed can damage your extractor . )
STEP THREE -
You are now ready to replace the barrel .
With the action bolt locked in the open ( rear ) position , slide the new barrel in with the dovetail for the barrel retaining block facing down .
Simply slide the barrel shank into the receiver until the shoulder ahead of the shank contacts the receiver .
It should be noted that there is a huge variation in Ruger receiver dimensions over the years .
Our barrels are held to 0.001 " shank diameter .
This means that regardless of whether your barrel shank is loose or tight when sliding it into the receiver , by following the simple directions below you will have a very accurate rifle , better than most ammo is capable of producing .
Place the retaining block into position and insert both retaining screws but do not tighten them down yet .
Placing some blue ( removable ) liquid thread - locker ( i.e. Loctite ) on the threads is a good idea but not required .
Tighten the retaining screws in sequence , left , then right , then left , then right and so on , but stop while they are barely tight and the barrel block still has a little play .
Take a good look at everything and be sure it is in alignment , that the barrel is not twisted to to one side or the other , etc. .
Tighten the retaining screws slightly but not tight enough keep the barrel from twisting a bit , about one turn from completely down .
Now GENTLY close the action bolt and look to see the extractor is lining up with and entering into the extractor slot in the barrel .
It 's hard to do this wrong if you followed the directions , but even a slight misalignment can cause problems with reliability .
Remember that when you take it out for its first test firing .
To familiarize yourself with proper alignment technique , with the action closed gently twist the barrel just a tad clockwise and counter clockwise , noting where the extractor limits its motion .
You 'll also notice another important thing , as the barrel twists the retaining block goes out of alignment .
When everything lines up and the extractor is centered in the slot , the block will also be perfectly square with the alignment stud protruding from the receiver .
You want the barrel positioned with the extractor in the center of the slot , not rubbing on either side .
This should also put the retaining block in precise alignment with the barrel dovetail slot and the alignment stud protruding from the receiver .
When you are happy everything is lining up right , tighten the barrel block retaining bolts and check out how the extractor is lining up again to be sure everything is aligned as you tighten .
Tighten the retaining screws when you are ready alternating left as right as discussed .
Do n't over tighten .
The goal here is to have the receiver ring evenly butted - up to the barrel shank that faces it .
If you have a torque wrench , 28 inch pounds is factory spec .
This is a lot lighter than most people would expect , about the same value as the rings on your scope tube .
If you do not have a torque wrench you want them to be snug but that 's about it .
Over tightening and / or having one screw tighter than the other is a primary cause of inaccuracy as well as extraction problems .
( Too much torque will bend the barrel downwards .
Uneven torque will twist it from one side or the other . )
STEP FOUR - Now that we have the barrel in place we can bolt - up the new stock .
Be sure the safety button is in the center again ( half - way between on and off ) .
Place the stock on its butt as before ( or in your gun cleaning vise ) .
Place the rear of the receiver into the back of the stock inlet and pivot the barreled end down into place .
The last few inches are usually a snug fit .
Once you believe it is in place and bottomed - out in the stock , make sure by squeezing the receiver and stock ( not the barrel ) together with your hand .
Now you have to insert the single takedown screw .
Because of its lack of recoil , this is the only screw that will hold it together from now on .
You do not use the old barrel band on the new stock .
Now tip the entire assembly ( stock and barreled action ) over so you see the hole for the takedown screw .
There is a stock screw insert similar to the old stock that the screw must first be threaded through .
Push firmly on the screwdriver ( or allen wrench ) while turning the screw into the insert .
Once the threads are past the insert the screw will drop freely to the threaded hole in the bottom of the receiver .
The insert is threaded and the screw is designed so it wo n't fall out and get lost when disassembling in the field .
Turn the screw into the receiver until it is barely snug .
The proper torque value is about 18 - 25 inch pounds .
Feel free to accuracy test at 1 - 2 inch pound intervals , some rifles will have a noticeable preference .
Never tighten more than 30 inch pounds .
L'équipe de France n'a fait que la moitié du chemin sur la route de l'Afrique du Sud , mais elle en a peut - être fait la plus dure .
En s'imposant à Dublin , dans l'enfer annoncé de Croke Park , face à des Irlandais remontés et sûrs de leur force , les Bleus remportent avec les honneurs la première manche de ce duel de barragistes ( 1 - 0 ) .
A la 72e minute d'une partie intense mais également marquée par un certain déchet technique de la part des 22 acteurs , c'est Nicolas Anelka qui a trouvé l'ouverture , avec autant de réussite que d'audace puisque sa frappe soudaine a été déviée par le défenseur irlandais St Ledger dans ses propres filets .
Un avantage heureux , mais mérité .
Car si les tricolores ont parfois donné l'impression de bafouiller leur football au niveau offensif , ils se sont montrés solides dans la récupération et l'engagement .
Dominateurs au milieu , grâce notamment à un Lassana Diarra infatigable et précieux dans la conservation , les Bleus ont pourtant laissé les Irlandais se procurer les meilleurs occasions de la première période .
Et Lawrence risque de passer de longues soirées à se demander comment il a fait pour rater le cadre , à la 27e minute , lorsqu'il héritait d'un ballon repoussé dans ses pieds par Lloris , à 5 mètres d'un but vide .
Quelques minutes plus tard , c'était Andrews qui manquait aussi de précision , seul aux 18 mètres , et les hommes de Giovanni Trapattoni de continuer à opérer en contres .
La pause ne changeait pas la physionomie de cette rencontre : des Français dominateurs , des Irlandais aux aguets mais vraiment limités .
Les deux équipes rivalisaient de maladresse , comme tétanisées à l'approche des buts adverses .
O'Shea se loupait à la réception du seul corner dangereux côté vert ( 51e ) , Gourcuff puis Anelka transformaient leurs frappes en passe au gardien Shay Given ( 53e , 57e ) .
Mais le public de Croke Park le sentait bien , le couperet n'était pas loin de tomber sur leurs favoris .
L. Diarra manquait de réussite sur une superbe frappe en demi-volée ( 55e ) , puis Evra jouait le penalty face à Given ( 68e ) , sans tromper l'excellent arbitre allemand , M. Brych .
A force de laisser les Bleus approcher , les Irlandais ont fini par leur donner le goût du but .
Servi en une touche par Gourcuff à l'entrée de la surface , Anelka envoyait une frappe sèche , contrée par St Ledger , et qui filait hors de portée de Given ( 1 - 0 , 72e ) .
Le Blues faisait le bonheur de ses Bleus , avant que l'autre héros de la soirée ne rentre en scène .
" RIEN N'EST FAIT "
Car si la défense tricolore a semblé cohérente , elle doit sa " clean sheet " à son dernier rempart .
En s'interposant devant Robbie Keane en première période , et surtout en plongeant tel un guépard dans les pieds de Whelan à la 86e minute ( après un énorme raté d'Abidal ) , Hugo Lloris s'est montré véritablement décisif .
Et au final , les Bleus pourront presque regretter de ne pas avoir tuer ces barrages avec un deuxième but qui tendait les bras à Gignac , battant mais maladroit face au but vide ( 79e ) .
" Ce n'est que la mi-temps " , a déclaré le sélectionneur à l'issue de la rencontre .
" Ce n'est que la mi-temps " , Même prudence , teintée d'un peu plus de satisfaction , du côté de Thierry Henry .
" Rien n'est fait " , s'est empressé de préciser le Barcelonais .
" On ne va pas faire la fine bouche , mais c'est bien de rentrer à la maison avec cet avantage .
Maintenant , ce n'est qu'un avantage et il va falloir essayer de passer à la maison avec l'appui de notre public " , a expliqué le capitaine tricolore .
" On est bien placé pour savoir que les équipes britanniques sont difficiles pour nous , vu qu'on a perdu deux fois contre l'Ecosse en qualifications pour l'Euro 2008 . "
Rendez - vous est pris , mercredi 18 novembre au Stade de France , afin de vérifier si un homme averti en vaut bien deux .
Et surtout de voir si les Bleus sauront capitaliser sur ce beau succès dublinois avec un triomphe dynosien , synonyme de ticket pour l'Afrique du Sud .
Erwan Le Duc
Like a modern horror movie villain who keeps coming back from the dead , a false story can take on a life of its own : Eskimos have hundreds of words for snow , Millard Fillmore ordered the first bathtub for the White House , that sort of thing .
Even after they are shown to be false , some stories are repeated , embellished , and occasionally built into entire belief systems .
These fictions may ordinarily be little more than curiosities or mere affronts to our concern for the truth .
But our concern here is with one such story that is put forward as part of a case against the effectiveness of free markets and individual choice .
This story has consequences .
Our story concerns the history of the standard typewriter keyboard , commonly known as QWERTY , and its more recent rival , the Dvorak keyboard .
Pick up the February 19 edition of Newsweek and there is Steve Wozniak , the engineering wunderkind largely responsible for Apple 's early success , explaining that Apple 's recent failures were just another example of a better product losing out to an inferior alternative : " Like the Dvorak keyboard , Apple 's superior operating system lost the market - share war . "
Ignoring for the moment the fact that just about all computer users now use sleek graphical operating systems much like the Mac 's graphical interface ( itself taken from Xerox ) , Wozniak cannot be blamed for repeating the keyboard story .
It is commonly reported as fact in newspapers , magazines , and academic journals .
An article in the January 1996 Harvard Law Review , for example , invokes the typewriter keyboard as support for a thesis that pure luck is responsible for winners and losers , and that our expectation of survival of the fittest should be replaced by survival of the luckiest .
But this is just the tip of the iceberg .
In the Los Angeles Times , Steve Steinburg writes , regarding the adoption of an Internet standard , " [ I ] t's all too likely to be the wrong standard .
From Qwerty vs. Dvorak keyboards , to Beta vs. VHS cassettes , history shows that market share and technical superiority are rarely related . "
In The Independent , Hamish McRae discusses the likelihood of " lock - in " to inferior standards .
He notes the Beta and VHS competition as well as some others , then adds , " Another example is MS - DOS , but perhaps the best of all is the QWERTY keyboard .
This was designed to slow down typists …. "
In Fortune , Tim Smith repeats the claim that QWERTY was intended to slow down typists , and then notes , " Perhaps the stern test of the marketplace produces results more capricious than we like to think . "
In a feature series , Steven Pearlstein of The Washington Post presents at great length the argument that modern markets , particularly those linked to networks , are likely to be dominated by just a few firms .
After introducing readers to Brian Arthur , one of the leading academic advocates of the view that lock - in is a problem , he states , " The Arthurian discussion of networks usually begins at the typewriter keyboard . "
Other prominent appearances of the QWERTY story are found in The New York Times , The Sunday Observer , The Boston Globe , and broadcast on PBS 's News Hour with Jim Lehrer .
It can even be found in the Encyclopaedia Britannica as evidence of how human inertia can result in the choice of an inferior product .
The story can be found in two very successful economics books written for laymen : Robert Frank and Philip Cook 's The Winner - Take - All Society and Paul Krugman 's Peddling Prosperity , where an entire chapter is devoted to the " economics of QWERTY . "
Why is the keyboard story receiving so much attention from such a variety of sources ?
The answer is that it is the centerpiece of a theory that argues that market winners will only by the sheerest of coincidences be the best of the available alternatives .
By this theory , the first technology that attracts development , the first standard that attracts adopters , or the first product that attracts consumers will tend to have an insurmountable advantage , even over superior rivals that happen to come along later .
Because first on the scene is not necessarily the best , a logical conclusion would seem to be that market choices are n't necessarily good ones .
So , for example , proponents of this view argue that although the Beta video recording format was better than VHS , Beta lost out because of bad luck and quirks of history that had nothing much to do with the products themselves .
( Some readers who recall that Beta was actually first on the scene will immediately recognize a problem with this example . )
These ideas come to us from an academic literature concerned with " path dependence . "
The doctrine of path dependence starts with the observation that the past influences the future .
This conclusion is hard to quibble with , although it also seems to lack much novelty .
It simply recognizes that some things are durable .
But path dependence is transformed into a far more dramatic theory by the additional claim that the past so strongly influences the future that we become " locked in " to choices that are no longer appropriate .
This is the juicy version of the theory , and the version that implies that markets cannot be trusted .
Stanford University economic historian Paul David , in the article that introduced the QWERTY story to the economics literature , offers this example of the strong claim : " Competition in the absence of perfect futures markets drove the industry prematurely into standardization on the wrong system where decentralized decision making subsequently has sufficed to hold it . "
According to this body of theory , if , for example , DOS is the first operating system , then improvements such as the Macintosh will fail because consumers are so locked in to DOS that they will not make the switch to the better system ( Rush Limbaugh falls for this one ) .
The success of Intel - based computers , in this view , is a tragic piece of bad luck .
To accept this view , of course , we need to ignore the fact that DOS was not the first operating system , that consumers did switch away from DOS when they moved to Windows , that the DOS system was an appropriate choice for many users given the hardware of the time , and that the Mac was far more expensive .
Also , a switch to Mac required that we throw out a lot of DOS hardware , where the switch to Windows did not , something that is not an irrelevant social concern .
A featured result of these theories is that merely knowing what path would be best would not help you to predict where the market will move .
In this view of the world , we will too often get stuck , or locked in , on a wrong path .
Luck rules , not efficiency .
Most advocates of this random - selection view do not claim that everything has been pure chance , since that would be so easy to disprove .
After all , how likely would it be that consecutive random draws would have increased our standard of living for so long with so few interruptions ?
Instead , we are told that luck plays a larger role in the success of high - technology products than for older products .
A clear example of this argument is a 1990 Brian Arthur article in Scientific American .
Arthur there distinguishes between a new economics of " knowledge based " technologies , which are supposedly fraught with increasing returns , and the old economics of " resource based " technologies ( for example , farming , mining , building ) , which supposedly were not .
" Increasing returns " ( or " scale economies " ) means that conducting an activity on a larger scale may allow lower costs , or better products , or both .
Traditional concepts of scale economies applied to production –the more steel you made , the more cheaply you could make each additional ton , because fixed costs can be spread .
Much of the path - dependence literature is concerned with economies of consumption , where a good becomes cheaper or more valuable to the consumer as more other people also have it ; if lots of people have DOS computers , then more software will be available for such machines , for instance , which makes DOS computers better for consumers .
This sort of " network externality " is even more important when literal networks are involved , as with phones or fax machines , where the value of the good depends in part on how many other people you can connect to .
What Arthur and others assert is that path dependence is an affliction associated with technologies that exhibit increasing returns –that once a product has an established network it is almost impossible for a new product to displace it .
Thus , as society gets more advanced technologically , luck will play a larger and larger role .
The logical chain is that new technologies exhibit increasing returns , and technologies with increasing returns exhibit path dependence .
Of the last link in that chain , Arthur notes : " [ O ] nce random economic events select a particular path , the choice may become locked - in regardless of the advantages of the alternatives . "
This pessimism about the effectiveness of markets suggests a relative optimism about the potential for government action .
It would be only reasonable to expect , for example , that panels of experts would do better at choosing products than would random chance .
Similarly , to address the kinds of concerns raised in Frank and Cook 's Winner - Take - All Society , the inequalities in incomes that arise in these new - technology markets could be removed harmlessly , since inequalities arise only as a matter of luck in the first place .
It does not seem an unimaginable stretch to the conclusion that if the government specifies , in advance , the race and sex of market winners , no harm would be done since the winners in the market would have been a randomly chosen outcome anyway .
Theories of path dependence and their supporting mythology have begun to exert an influence on policy .
Last summer , an amicus brief on the Microsoft consent decree used lock - in arguments , including the QWERTY story , and apparently prompted Judge Stanley Sporkin to refuse to ratify the decree .
( He was later overturned . )
Arguments against Microsoft 's ill - fated attempt to acquire Intuit also relied on allegations of lock - in .
Carl Shapiro , one of the leading contributors to this literature , recently took a senior position in the antitrust division of the Justice Department .
These arguments have even surfaced in presidential politics , when President Clinton began referring to a " winner - take - all society . "
Stanford University economist Paul Krugman offered the central claim of this literature boldly and with admirable simplicity : " In QWERTY worlds , markets can't be trusted . "
The reason that he uses " QWERTY worlds , " and not DOS worlds , or VHS worlds , is that the DOS and VHS examples are not very compelling .
Almost no one uses DOS anymore , and many video recorder purchasers thought VHS was better than Beta ( as it was , in terms of recording time , as we have discussed at length elsewhere ) .
The theories of path dependence that percolate through the academic literature show the possibility of this form of market ineptitude within the context of highly stylized theoretical models .
But before these theories are translated into public policy , there really had better be some good supporting examples .
After all , these theories fly in the face of hundreds of years of rapid technological progress .
Recently we have seen PCs replace mainframes , computers replace typewriters , fax machines replace the mails for many purposes , DOS replace CP/M , Windows replace DOS , and on and on .
The typewriter keyboard is central to this literature because it appears to be the single best example where luck caused an inferior product to defeat a demonstrably superior product .
It is an often repeated story that is generally believed to be true .
Interestingly , the typewriter story , though charming , is also false .
The Fable
The operative patent for the typewriter was awarded in 1868 to Christopher Latham Sholes .
Sholes and his associates experimented with various keyboard designs , in part to solve the problem of the jamming of the keys .
The result of these efforts is the common QWERTY keyboard ( named for the letters in the upper left hand row ) .
It is frequently claimed that the keyboard was actually configured to reduce typing speed , since that would have been one way to avoid the jamming of the typewriter .
The rights to the Sholes patent were sold to E. Remington & Sons in early 1873 .
Remington added further mechanical improvements and began commercial production in late 1873 .
Other companies arose and produced their own keyboard designs to compete with Remington .
Overall sales grew , but slowly .
A watershed event in the received version of the QWERTY story is a typing contest held in Cincinnati on July 25 , 1888 .
Frank McGurrin , a court stenographer from Salt Lake City who was purportedly the only person using touch typing at the time , won a decisive victory over Louis Taub .
Taub used the hunt - and - peck method on a Caligraph , a machine with an alternative arrangement of keys .
McGurrin 's machine , as luck would have it , just happened to be a QWERTY machine .
According to popular history , the event established once and for all that the Remington typewriter , with its QWERTY keyboard , was technically superior .
Wilfred Beeching 's influential history of the keyboard mentions the Cincinnati contest and attaches great importance to it : " Suddenly , to their horror , it dawned upon both the Remington company and the Caligraph company officials , torn between pride and despair , that whoever won was likely to put the other out of business ! "
Beeching refers to the contest as having established the Remington machine " once and for all . "
Since no one else at that time had learned touch typing , owners of alternative keyboards found it impossible to counter the claim that Remington 's QWERTY keyboard arrangement was the most efficient .
So , according to this popular telling , McGurrin 's fluke choice of the Remington keyboard , a keyboard designed to solve a particular mechanical problem , became the very poor standard used daily by millions of typists .
Fast forward now to 1936 , when August Dvorak , a professor at the University of Washington , patented the Dvorak Simplified Keyboard .
Dvorak claimed to have experimental evidence that his keyboard provided advantages of greater speed , reduced fatigue , and easier learning .
These claims were buttressed when , during World War II , the U.S. Navy conducted experiments demonstrating that the cost of converting typists to the Dvorak keyboard would be repaid , through increased typing speed , within 10 days from the end of training .
Despite these claims , however , the Dvorak keyboard has never found much acceptance .
In many regards this is an ideal example .
The dimensions of performance are few , and in these dimensions the Dvorak keyboard appears to be overwhelmingly superior .
The failure to choose the Dvorak keyboard certainly seems to demonstrate that something is amiss .
On top of all that , it 's a charming tale that is easy to tell , and the moral seems easy to find .
Unfortunately , what is amiss here is not the market choice , but the tale itself .
The standard telling of this story turns out to be false in almost every important respect .
Tainted Evidence for Dvorak
The belief that the Dvorak keyboard is superior to QWERTY can be traced to a few key sources .
A book published by Dvorak and several co-authors in 1936 presented Dvorak 's own investigations , which might charitably be called less than objective .
Their book has the feel of a late - night television infomercial rather than scientific work .
Consider this from their chapter about relative keyboard performance :
" The bare recital to you of a few simple facts should suffice to indict the available spatial pattern that is so complacently entitled the universal [ QWERTY ] keyboard .
Since when was the universe lopsided ?
The facts will not be stressed , since you may finally surmount most of the ensuing handicaps of this [ QWERTY ] keyboard .
Just enough facts will be paraded to lend you double assurance that for many of the errors that you will inevitably make and for much of the discouraging delay you will experience in longed - for speed gains , you are not to blame .
If you grow indignant over the beginner 's role of innocent victim , remember that a little emotion heightens determination .
Analysis of the present keyboard is so destructive that an improved arrangement is a modern imperative .
Is n't it obvious that faster , more accurate , less fatiguing typing can be attained in much less learning time provided a simplified keyboard is taught ? "
Unfortunately , their statement that they will not stress the facts appears truthful .
Dvorak and his co-authors claimed that their studies established that students learn Dvorak faster than they learn QWERTY .
But they compared students of different ages and abilities ( for example , students learning Dvorak in grades 7 and 8 at the University of Chicago Lab School were compared with students learning QWERTY in conventional high schools ) , in different school systems , taking different tests in classes that met for different lengths of time .
One does n't need to be a scientist to realize that such comparisons are not the stuff of controlled experiments .
Even in their studies , however , the evidence is mixed as to whether students learning Dvorak retain an advantage , since the differences seemed to diminish as training progressed .
But it is the Navy study that is the basis for the more extravagant claims of Dvorak 's advocates .
That is the study that supposedly established that the entire retraining cost is recaptured 10 days after the start of retraining .
Since several academic authors , including Paul David , have made reference to this Navy study , we assumed it would not be too difficult to find .
But when we started to look for it , it seemed to have disappeared from the face of the earth .
After trying our own libraries , we tried the Navy Library , the Martin Luther King Library , the Library of Congress , the National Archives , the National Technical Communication Service , and so forth .
The librarians were more helpful than we had any right to expect , but the results of their efforts seemed to indicate that we would not find the Navy study .
Had any of the modern authors who referred to the Navy study as supporting Dvorak 's keyboard ever actually read it ?
This appears to be one of those cases in which one author relies on another 's account , who in turn is relying on another 's , and so on , without any of them reading the original .
Yet the Navy study is a primary source of many of the claims for the Dvorak keyboard .
This is certainly not a high watermark in scholarship .
We had about given up hope when we located a copy of the study held by an organization called Dvorak International , headquartered in the attic of a farmhouse in Vermont .
The report does not list the authors .
The report 's foreword states that two prior experiments had been conducted but that " the first two groups were not truly fair tests . "
This certainly raised our suspicions .
Might those earlier tests have been ignored because the results were inconsistent with the results the authors desired ?
This suspicion was later reinforced when we read about a 1953 study for the Australian Post Office .
In the early phases of the Australian study , the experiments showed no advantages for Dvorak .
But then adjustments were made in the test procedure to " remove psychological impediments to superior performance . "
We can only guess how the proponents of the Dvorak keyboard , who conducted the experiments , might have removed those nasty impediments .
As to the experimental design of the Navy study , we can only state that if the experimental controls seemed bad in the early studies authored by Dvorak and his associates , the Navy study seems even worse .
First , 14 Navy typists were retrained on newly overhauled Dvorak typewriters for two hours a day .
We are not told how the typists were chosen , although we are told that they had initial typing speeds of 32 words per minute , well below the Navy 's standard of competence .
Yet in spite of their poor typing skills , the typists had IQs only two points below average and dexterity skills 15 points above average .
Based on these abilities , this group of typists should have been expected to type at far above minimal competency .
After completing 83 hours on the new keyboard , we are told that the typing speed for this group had increased to an average of 56 net words per minute , a 75 percent increase .
A second part of the experiment consisted of the retraining of 18 typists on the QWERTY keyboard .
These typists reported a 28 percent increase in typing speed from their initial speed of 29 words a minute .
Although this evidence looks like a slam - dunk for Dvorak , it is not .
First , it is not clear how the QWERTY typists were picked , or even if members of this group were aware that they were part of an experiment .
The participants ' IQs and dexterity skills are not reported for the QWERTY retraining group .
Were their abysmal typing scores surprising , given their inherent abilities ?
It is difficult to have any sense whether this group is a reasonable control for the first group .
Nor do we know if the QWERTY typewriters were newly overhauled .
Nor do we know who retrained these typists .
Even worse , there is clear evidence that the results were altered through a series of inappropriate data manipulations .
For example , the initial typing scores for the QWERTY typists were measured differently from the initial scores of the Dvorak typists so as to greatly disadvantage the QWERTY results .
The report states that , because three typists in the QWERTY group had initial net scores of zero words per minute (! ) , the beginning and ending speeds were calculated as the average of the first four typing tests and the average of the last four typing tests .
This has the effect of raising the measured initial typing speed , and lowering the measured ending speed .
In contrast , the initial experiment using Dvorak simply used the first and last test scores .
Using numbers reported in the footnotes of the report , we were able to calculate that this truncation of the reported values at the beginning of the test reduced the measured increase in typing speed on the QWERTY keyboard by almost half .
The effect of the truncation at the end of the measuring period also decreases the reported gains for the QWERTY typists , though the size of this distortion cannot be determined from the report .
The important thing , however , is that the numbers appear to be cooked in favor of Dvorak .
How can we take seriously a study which so blatantly seems to be stacking the deck in favor of Dvorak ?
And , indeed , there appears to have been good reason for that deck stacking .
We discovered that the Navy 's top expert in the analysis of time and motion studies during World War II was none other than …drum roll please … Lieut .
Com. August Dvorak .
Earle Strong , a professor at Pennsylvania State University and a one - time chairman of the Office Machine Section of the American Standards Association , reports that the 1944 Navy experiment was conducted by Dvorak himself .
Strong was heavily involved with these issues .
He was the author of a key test of the typewriter keyboard commissioned by the General Services Administration .
As if the potential for bias were not great enough , we also discovered that Dvorak had a financial stake in this keyboard .
He not only owned the patent on the keyboard but had received at least $ 130,000 from the Carnegie Commission for Education for the studies performed while he was at the University of Washington , a rather stupendous sum for the time .
Of course , the purported Navy results , if true , would be quite remarkable .
After those first 10 days in which the investment is made and recovered , the faster typing continues every working day in the life of the typist .
This would imply that the investment in retraining repays itself at least 23 times in one year .
Does it seem even remotely possible that employers with large typing pools would turn down investments with returns of 2,200 percent a year ?
Evidence Against Dvorak
Naturally , these false results were going to get found out .
As many businesses and government agencies contemplated changing keyboards in the mid 1950s , the General Services Administration commissioned Strong 's study to confirm the earlier results .
This study provides the most compelling evidence against the Dvorak keyboard .
It was a carefully controlled experiment designed to examine the costs and benefits of switching to Dvorak .
It unreservedly concluded that retraining typists on Dvorak was inferior to retraining on QWERTY .
In the first phase of the experiment , 10 government typists were retrained on the Dvorak keyboard .
It took well over 25 days of four - hour - a - day training for these typists to catch up to their old QWERTY speeds .
( Compare this to the Navy study 's results . )
When the typists had finally caught up to their old speeds , the second phase of the experiment began .
The newly trained Dvorak typists continued training and a group of 10 QWERTY typists ( matched in skill to the Dvorak typists ) began a parallel program to improve their skills .
In this second phase the Dvorak typists progressed less quickly with further Dvorak training than did QWERTY typists training on QWERTY keyboards .
Thus Strong concluded that Dvorak training would never be able to amortize its costs .
He recommended instead that the government provide further training in the QWERTY keyboard for QWERTY typists .
The GSA study attempted to control carefully for the abilities and treatments of the two groups .
The study design directly paralleled the decision that a real firm or a real government agency might face :
Is it worthwhile to retrain its present typists ?
If Strong 's study is correct , it is not efficient for current typists to switch to Dvorak .
The study also implied that the eventual typing speed would be greater with QWERTY than with Dvorak , although this conclusion was not emphasized .
Much of the other evidence that has been used to support Dvorak 's superiority actually can be used to make a case against Dvorak .
We have the 1953 Australian Post Office study already mentioned , which needed to remove psychological impediments to superior performance .
A 1973 study based on six typists at Western Electric found that after 104 hours of training on Dvorak , typists were 2.6 percent faster than they had been on QWERTY .
Similarly , a 1978 study at Oregon State University indicated that after 100 hours of training , typists were up to 97.6 percent of their old QWERTY speed .
Both of these retraining times are similar to those reported by Strong but not to those in the Navy study .
But unlike Strong 's study neither of these studies included parallel retraining on QWERTY keyboards .
As Strong points out , even experienced QWERTY typists increase their speed on QWERTY if they are given additional training .
Ergonomic studies also confirm that the advantages of Dvorak are either small or nonexistent .
For example , A. Miller and J Thomas , two researchers at the IBM Research Laboratory , writing in the International Journal of Man-Machine Studies , conclude that " no alternative has shown a realistically significant advantage over the QWERTY for general purpose typing . "
Other studies based on analysis of hand - and - finger motions find differences of only a few percentage points between Dvorak and QWERTY .
The consistent finding in ergonomic studies is that the results imply no clear advantage for Dvorak , and certainly no advantage of the magnitude that is so often claimed .
QWERTY's Competition
Remington 's early commercial rivals were numerous , offered substantial variations on the typewriter , and in some cases enjoyed moderate success .
This should come as no surprise .
Entrepreneurs in the late 19th century would have realized that the typewriter market was potentially vast , in the same way that Netscape , AT&T , and Microsoft are drooling over the potential of the Internet at the end of the 20th century .
The largest and most important QWERTY rivals were the Hall , Caligraph , and Crandall machines , which sold in relatively large numbers .
Two other manufacturers offered their own versions of an ideal keyboard : Hammond in 1893 and Blickensderfer in 1889 .
Many of these companies went on to success in the typewriter market , although , in the end , they all produced QWERTY keyboards .
So manufacturing prowess was not a problem for QWERTY 's rivals .
In the 1880s and 1890s typewriters were generally sold to offices not already staffed with typists .
Potential typists were learning to type from scratch .
A manufacturer that chose to compete using an alternative keyboard had a window of opportunity , since standards were not yet established .
As late as 1923 , typewriter manufacturers operated placement services for typists and were an important source of typists to businesses .
A keyboard that allowed more rapid training and faster typing should have done well .
And switching old typewriters to a new keyboard was not particularly expensive–only $ 5.00 for resoldering in the 1930s .
There were also direct tests of these competing keyboards .
Typing competitions , it turns out , were quite common in the late 1800s .
The Cincinnati contest was not the rare event claimed by Beeching , and McGurrin was not the world 's only touch typist .
Once again , the facts have been twisted to make a better tale .
We did a search in The New York Times in 1888 and 1889 .
We found numerous typing contests and demonstrations of speed involving many different machines , with various manufacturers claiming to hold the speed record .
In February 1889 , under the headline " Wonderful Typing , " The New York Times reported on a typing demonstration given the previous day in Brooklyn by Thomas Osborne of Rochester , New York .
The Times reported that Osborne " holds the championship for fast typing , having accomplished 126 words a minute at Toronto August 13 last . "
In the Brooklyn demonstration he typed 142 words per minute in a five - minute test , 179 words per minute in a single minute , and 198 words per minute for 30 seconds .
He was accompanied by George McBride , who typed 129 words per minute blindfolded .
Both men used the non-QWERTY Caligraph machine .
The Times offered that " the Caligraph people have chosen a very pleasant and effective way of proving not only the superior speed of their machine , but the falsity of reports widely published that writing blindfolded was not feasible on that instrument . "
Note that this was just months after McGurrin 's Cincinnati victory .
There were other contests and a good number of victories for McGurrin and Remington .
On August 2 , 1888 , just weeks after the Cincinnati contest , the Times reported a New York contest won by McGurrin with a speed of 95.8 words per minute in a five - minute dictation .
In light of the received history , according to which McGurrin is the only person to have memorized the keyboard , it is interesting to note the strong performance of his rivals .
May
Orr typed 95.2 words per minute , and M Grant typed 93.8 words per minute .
Again , on January 9 , 1889 , the Times reported a McGurrin victory under the headline " Remington Still Leads the List . "
Clearly , typists other than McGurrin could touch type , and machines other than Remington were competitive .
These events have largely been ignored .
But if we are interested in whether the QWERTY keyboard 's existence can be attributed to more than happenstance or an inventor 's whim , these events are crucial .
The other keyboards did compete .
They just could n't surpass QWERTY .
So we cannot attribute the success of the QWERTY keyboard either to a lack of alternatives or to the chance association of this keyboard arrangement with the only touch typist or the only mechanically adequate typewriter .
There is further evidence of QWERTY 's viability in its survival throughout the world .
As typing moved to countries outside the United States , any QWERTY momentum could have been only a minor influence , yet the basic configuration has been adopted with only minor variations in virtually all countries with similar alphabets .
What 's more , the advent of computer keyboards , which can easily be reprogrammed to any configuration , lowers the cost of converting to Dvorak to essentially zero ( not counting retraining ) .
Yet few computer users have adopted the Dvorak keyboard .
Epilogue
The vitality of markets is that they allow competing alternatives to demonstrate their capabilities .
The primary players in this drama are entrepreneurs , a group largely missing from the economic theories that claim to establish the potential for this new kind of market failure .
These game - theory models limit firms to an artificially narrow choice of actions , while actual entrepreneurs look for ways to overcome supposed " lock -in . "
In theory , for instance , there 's no such thing as a training course .
Entrepreneurs , as we have argued in other writings , are the ones who will bring about the demise of an inefficient standard .
Producers of alternative keyboards were motivated to cash in on the success allowed in a market - based economy .
That they failed suggests that the non-QWERTY arrangements held no real advantage .
The QWERTY keyboard cannot be said to constitute evidence of any systematic tendency for markets to err .
Very simply , no competing keyboard has offered enough advantage to warrant a change .
The story of Dvorak 's superiority is a myth or , perhaps more properly , a hoax .
In April 1990 , we published a more detailed version of this material in a Journal of Law and Economics article titled " The Fable of the Keys . "
This journal is well known and has published some of the most influential articles in economics .
In the six years since we published that article there has been no attempt to refute any of our factual claims , to discredit the GSA study , or to resurrect the Navy study .
Unless some new evidence is produced to support a claim of QWERTY 's inferiority to Dvorak , how can it even be said that there are two sides to a legitimate scientific disagreement over the keyboard ?
Yet the QWERTY myth continues to be cited as if it were the truth .
Krugman 's book has a 1994 copyright .
Frank and Cook 's copyright is 1995 .
In a 1992 article in Industrial and Corporate Change , Paul David cites the QWERTY example , as do Michael Katz and Carl Shapiro in their Spring 1994 article in the Journal of Economic Perspectives .
In a 1995 article on chaos theory , Michael Schermer goes on at length about the need for examples of path dependence .
With that , he devotes an entire section , titled " The QWERTY Principle of History , " to repeating the myth of Dvorak superiority .
The Social Science Citation Index for 1994 shows a total of 28 citations to Paul David 's 1985 American Economic Review article presenting the QWERTY myth ( the very large majority of these are uncritical uses of the QWERTY story ) .
And there is no sign of abatement .
The Citation Index for the first two - thirds of 1995 , which is all that is available as of this writing , shows 25 citations .
If academics keep using a false example , authors of popular articles can hardly be held to higher standards of scholarship .
Apparently the theory of path dependence and lock - in to inferior technologies is in trouble without the QWERTY example .
Apparently the cost of giving up this example is greater than the discomfort associated with its illegitimate use .
Apparently the typewriter example is of such importance to many writers because it can so easily persuade people that an interventionist technology policy is necessary .
How else to explain its continued use in this literature ?
Since an interventionist technology policy is no more likely to benefit consumers than are the myriad other government interventions in the market , we should not be surprised that good examples are largely fictional .
Stan Liehowitz ( liebowit@utdallas.edu ) is professor of managerial economics at the University of Texas at Dallas management school .
Stephen E. Margolis ( steve_margolis@ncsu.edu ) is professor of economics at North Carolina State University .
Children brought up by parents practising " tough love " are more likely to become rounded personalities with well - developed characters than those who face either authoritarian or laissez - faire approaches , research reveals today .
The study , by the thinktank Demos , tracked the lives of 9,000 families and found that 13 % used a " tough love " approach , combining warmth and discipline .
It did not matter whether the parents were rich or poor – those that adopted the approach brought up children who were more likely to be empathetic , more able to control their emotions and bounce back from disappointment , and more capable of concentrating and completing tasks .
The research found that it was the style of parenting , rather than income or social background , that developed the strength of character .
However , it did show that the style was most common in better - off families and where parents were married .
The study also found that the parents ' level of education had a positive impact on developing character , as did breastfeeding until six months .
It claimed that such " character capabilities " had become increasingly important in life .
Skills such as empathy , self - regulation and application were 33 times more important in determining income for those who turned 30 in 2000 than for those 12 years older , it said .
Richard Reeves , director of Demos , argued that " tough love " was successful because it built up a child 's self - esteem but also taught them to be restrained and respectful .
" The ' tough ' bit of the equation is about children realising ' we can't have exactly what we want immediately when we want it ' , " said Reeves .
" And the recognition that there are other people in the world who you have to treat with a certain amount of respect .
That is a crucial life skill , because no one wants to be married to or work with someone who is a selfish git . "
The study concluded that 8 % of parents adopted a laissez - faire approach , 10 % were authoritarian and another 8 % were " disengaged " .
The rest did not fall into one of the categories .
Girls were more likely to develop life skills by the age of five , it added .
Reeves said part of " tough love " was about not giving in to pester power .
" Every parent knows that is a difficult thing to do .
They know that standing up to pester power makes for an awful day , but it also makes for a better future , " he said .
" Kids are innately short - term : the process of raising a child well is partly about raising children to look beyond the next minute , hour or week . "
Reeves argued that parenting in that way might be harder for people struggling financially who themselves find it hard to look beyond a day or a week .
He said politicians on the left and right had avoided talking about the issue of parenting styles , but it was crucial that they did .
He called for Sure Start to be retained and targeted at the most vulnerable and for the family - nurse partnership , a pilot that involves intense support for first - time , young parents , to be rolled out across the country .
" There is clearly a lot of anxiety about how to parent well – look at the television programmes and books about it , " he added .
Angeline Brunel , a 31 - year - old mother from Glasgow , admitted that she turned to friends , books and TV programmes for advice about bringing up her daughter Madeleine , now two .
" Boy , did I have many misconceptions about what parenting means , " said Brunel .
" I thought she was going to listen to me , that I would never have to use things like the naughty corner . "
But Brunel and her partner , Thomas Dickson , soon realised that it would be harder than she had thought .
She found that her daughter would run away from her in the supermarket , refused to go to bed until 10 pm , and would walk up to strangers and " babble away " .
That was when she decided to take a slightly tougher approach , like some of her friends .
Brunel decided not to pick up her daughter every time she wanted her to , started putting her to bed earlier , " coming down to her level " to talk to her in a firm tone , and using " the naughty corner " .
" We started watching Supernanny and that woman – Jo Frost – she has the right idea . "
Brunel says she also tells her daughter every day that , " I love her so much and she is a miracle , " and calls her over for cuddle .
" I have noticed a difference – she is calmer .
And I do think it is to do with the parenting style . "
However , Justine Roberts , cofounder of Mumsnet , pointed out that every family had individual circumstances .
" Often within the same family , with exactly the same parenting style , you will have a child that is much more difficult than another child .
We would be sceptical to any broad - brush solution . "
Intuit TurboTax Stimulus Payment Registration
TurboTax has partnered with the IRS to launch a new 2020 Stimulus Center to help everyone get their stimulus checks as soon as possible .
Complete with calculator and up - to - date information , this online resource allows taxpayers to see if they qualify for a stimulus check and how much they can expect .
Smile !
14ft shark flashes a toothy grin for the camera
Boasting a toothy grin , this gigantic shark seems more than happy to pose for the camera .
In fact , the predator seems more reminiscent of Bruce , the smiling cartoon shark from the 2003 cartoon Finding Nemo , than a bloodthirsty cousin of Jaws .
Smiiiii-le : The Great
White flashes its terrifying grin
Bruce , the grinning shark from Finding Nemo
The 14ft great white was snapped off the coast of Guadalupe island , Mexico , by scuba diver Amos Nachoum in August .
Daredevil Amos regularly swims with the monsters and even takes divers on expeditions to meet them .
The 59 - year - old boasted : ‘ I have a 100 per cent safety record .
' These sharks are n’t the ferocious creatures we see in Jaws .
‘ The danger is in your mind . ’
Nevertheless , the image is a little too close to the jaws of death for most people 's comfort .
Fortunately sharks are believed to be short - sighted .
Scientists have claimed that attacks on humans are usually a case of mistaken identity .
Hold it right there :
The shark prepares for his close - up
Who 's smiling now ?
The shark seemingly tires of posing
Back in July we brought you the story of Dr. David McKalip , the Tea Party movement anti-anti - reform activist who was caught circulating a racist email with a photo of loincloth wearing President Obama in the guise of a witch - doctor .
After we publicized the email , McKalip apologized , later said he was withdrawing from the public debate over health care and felt compelled to resign as the head of the local medical association .
So we were surprised when TPM Reader JG let us know that last night McKalip resurfaced as an expert on health care reform for none other than Glenn Beck at Beck ’s town hall style meeting to discuss the horrors of reform .
If you do n’t remember , here ’s the photo McKalip sent around …
And here ’s McKalip on Beck ’s show explaining the horrors of “ Obamacare ” …
Mr. Ford is a Professor f History and Chair of the Department at the University of South Carolina .
His most recent book is Deliver Us From Evil : The Slavery Question in the Old South , was published by Oxford University Press in September 2009 .
The year 1808 is often overlooked when historians and commentators discuss key moments in American history .
Why was 1808 a pivotal year in American history ?
Its significance has little to do with the fact that James Madison was elected to succeed his friend Thomas Jefferson as President , extending the Democratic - Republican party ’s hold on the White House and increasing Federalist frustration , or with the new nation ’s early drift toward future hostilities with the British .
Instead , the signal event of the year was the end of the African slave trade .
Over the subsequent decades , this ban on the importation of slaves from overseas dramatically reshaped the institution of slavery in the United States .
The end of the foreign slave trade limited forever the size of the slave population in the United States .
After 1808 , the size of the nation ’s slave population depended on the natural increase of the slave population and the scope of slave smuggling .
Hence southern slaveholders , eager to secure enough slave labor to cultivate their staples , knew that only practices which effectively encouraged slave reproduction could insure the continued growth of their workforce .
Once the federal ban took effect , more lower South slaveholders accepted the idea that encouraging longevity and reproduction among slaves held the key to the future of the region ’s economy .
William Johnson , a United States Supreme Court Justice and a South Carolinian , summed up these views in 1815 when he told a Charleston audience that all slaveholders should “ see in the propagation of their slaves the only resource for future wealth . ”
Moreover , this limit on size of the southern slave population prompted white southerners to reconsider possible ways of addressing what many of them still saw , in the tradition of the founders , as the problem of slavery .
After the closing off the foreign slave trade in 1808 , both the upper and lower South sought answers to the slavery question in their respective regions through an internal reconfiguration of slavery .
But the two regions sought very different reconfigurations .
With the supply of slaves now permanently limited , whites in the upper South could envision reducing their dependency on slaves and “ whitening ” their region through a slow but steady demographic reconfiguration of slavery , accomplished largely be selling off or “ diffusing ” their slaves to areas of high demand in the cotton South .
Demand for slaves in the domestic market from lower South cotton growers provided an outlet for surplus slaves from the declining tobacco regions of the upper South .
The sale of slaves from the upper South to the lower reduced the enslaved proportion of the upper South population , returned capital to the upper South , and supplying the desired labor for lower South staple growers .
But the newly essential internal slave trade also generated its share of tension between the upper and lower South .
Whites in the lower South resented the outflow of capital to the upper South and often suspected that upper South masters and traders dumped unhealthy , troublesome , and even incendiary slaves on the lower South market .
Thus , at times of heightened fear of slave unrest , lower South states passed legislation either banning the importation of slaves for sale altogether or restricting it significantly .
In doing so , they sought to control racial demography , preserve white security , and slow the drain of capital from the region .
These efforts of lower South legislatures to restrict the interstate slave trade posed problems for the upper South ’s strategy of whitening itself by selling off slaves to the lower South .
In the lower South , the same growing dependence on slave labor that gave rise to efforts to better control the domestic slave trade also accelerated the region ’s interest in its own reconfiguration of slavery .
To achieve greater security and peace of mind , lower South whites sought not a demographic but an ideological reconfiguration of slavery , one centered around developing a better rationale for the holding and managing of slaves .
Led by a group of unlikely ideological insurgents ( Christian ministers and lay leaders ) , this movement found expression in the ideology of paternalism .
Beginning in the early 1800s as a small but vocal group eager to “ reform ” slavery , the paternalist movement grew slowly to a position of respectability and eventually to one of dominance by the late 1830s .
Paternalistic masters were expected to attend to their slaves ’ spiritual welfare as well as their physical needs , most often by inculcating Christian doctrine and morality , or at least the masters ’ version of them , among the enslaved .
The end of the African slave trade in 1808 made the paternalist project of “ domesticating ” slavery plausible in a way unthinkable as long as large numbers of Africans continued to flow into the slave population .
Over the course of three decades , the ideology of paternalism gradually gained hard - won acceptance among lower South whites who sought an ideological reconfiguration that would render slaveholding consistent with existing republican and emerging humanitarian ideals while accepting the inevitability of the region ’s reliance on slave labor .
To be sure , the paternalistic ideal was not the reality of plantation , farm or urban life across the slaveholding South .
The cotton boom and the rapid expansion of slavery across the lower South in these decades produced as much cruelty and as much disruption of slave family and community life as occurred in earlier generations , and as much tension between masters and slaves as ever .
But even though the precepts of paternalism were honored mainly in their breech , southern slaveholders increasingly conceived of themselves , and explained themselves to a questioning world , through the prism of paternalism .
By accelerating the emergence of paternalism as dominant social ideology in the region , the end of the foreign slave trade facilitated an ideological reconfiguration of slavery in the lower South .
Thus the desire of whites in the upper South to whiten their region using the internal slave trade ironically cemented upper South whites ’ commitment to the concept of “ property in man ” while lower South whites ’ desire to rely heavily on slave labor and yet convince themselves that slavery was both safe and consistent with Christianity generated an ideology that reminded them that their slave property consisted of men and women , who , as southern theologian James Thornwell pointed out , “ had a soul of priceless value . ”
In sum , the closing of the foreign slave trade facilitated both the upper South ’s desire to whiten itself and the lower South ’s eagerness to “ domesticate ” slavery as a way of making it seem safer and less inhumane .
In doing this , the end of transatlantic slave trade reshaped the institution of slavery in antebellum America .
Approximately 120 - 130 million years ago , one of the most significant events in the history of the Earth occurred : the first flowering plants , or angiosperms , arose .
In the late 1800s , Darwin referred to their development as an " abominable mystery . "
To this day , scientists are still challenged by this " mystery " of how angiosperms originated , rapidly diversified , and rose to dominance .
Studies of key features of angiosperm evolution , such as the evolution of the flower and development of the endosperm , have contributed to our current understanding of relationships among the early families of flowering plants .
Examining the development of seeds and embryos among early angiosperms may help to improve our understanding of how flowering plants evolved from the nonflowering gymnosperms .
A recent study by Dr. Paula Rudall and colleagues explores a piece of this mystery : the microscopic anatomy of seed development in Trithuria , a genus in the plant family Hydatellaceae , thought to be one of the earliest families of angiosperms -- the so - called " basal angiosperms . "
Rudall and colleagues ' observations of the development of the embryo and endosperm ( tissue that surrounds the embryo and provides nutrition ) in Trithuria suggest that double fertilization occurs .
Double fertilization is a unique feature of flowering plants where one sperm nucleus unites with the egg , producing the embryo , while another sperm nucleus unites with a separate nucleus from the female , producing the endosperm .
The endosperm is divided into two regions -- the micropylar and chalazal regions .
In Trithuria , the cells of the micropylar region divide many times to form the multi-celled endosperm .
However , the chalazal region forms a single - celled haustorium , a structure that absorbs nutrients and ultimately degenerates to form an empty space in the seed .
This situation is broadly similar to that of some waterlilies and some monocots but differs from that of many other early - diverging angiosperms such as Amborella , in which the endosperm is formed from the chalazal region .
One of the current hypotheses is that the endosperm originated as a monstrous proembryo that fails to develop into a plant .
Rudall and colleagues ' observations support this theory .
" Comparative studies of early endosperm development in extant ' basal ' angiosperms ( including Trithuria ) tend to support this theory , " Rudall said , " because there are similarities in early development of embryo and endosperm .
In both cases , the first cell division produces two distinct domains that differ in their subsequent development . "
In the embryo , divisions of the chalazal cell produce most of the embryo .
The micropylar cell develops into a stalk that attaches the embryo to the seed coat .
In the endosperm of Trithuria , the chalazal haustorium may regulate early endosperm development of the micropylar region , in addition to facilitating transfer of nutrients from the perisperm , maternally derived nutritive tissue , to the embryo .
Rudall and colleagues ' findings shed some light on the possible role of the endosperm in early angiosperms .
" The endosperm of Trithuria , though limited in size and storage capacity , is relatively persistent , " Rudall stated .
" Coupled with the well - developed perisperm that occurs in Trithuria , this could indicate that the ancestral role of endosperm was to transfer nutrients from the perisperm to the embryo , rather than as a storage tissue . "
DJ Hero ( and it 's Renegade Edition ) , hit stores today so it 's only fitting we have a new interview with Eminem talking about the game .
" Back in the ' Hip Hop Shop ' days , a DJ would throw on a record and you had to spit a rap to it so it was the heart and soul of battling , " Eminem says .
" The cool thing about DJ Hero is that the music is actually part of the video game itself , " the Detroit rapper says as he 's shown playing the game .
[ Eminem Talks About DJ Hero – Watch Here ]
" As soon as I master it it 's going to be fun because then I 'm going to get my ass in the studio and learn how to scratch .
Then at live shows , I 'm going to be my own DJ , run up there thrown the record on , run down … and rap , " Eminem says before talking about the Eminem / Jay - Z special Renegade Edition of the game .
" Im going to be better at this game than Jazzy Jeff by the way , " Eminem adds " give me a couple years , but I 'm going to better than him at this game . "
[ Eminem Talks About Becoming His Own DJ – Watch Here ]
Eminem – Behind The Scenes Of DJ Hero
[ gnvn ] 93661[/gnvn ]
Jay - Z – Talks On DJ Hero & The World Series
[ gnvn] 93669[/gnvn ]
El secretario de Educaci�n P�blica , Alonso Lujambio , considera que el organismo dependiente de la ONU debe retomar su liderazgo en la educaci�n , y M�xico est� dispuesto a ayudar en ese objetivo
Par�s | Mi�rcoles 07 de octubre de 2009
EFE | El Universal
10:25
“ Perfection is achieved , not when there is nothing more to add , but when there is nothing left to take away . ” – Antoine de Saint Exupery
Post written by Leo Babauta .
Follow me on Twitter .
Most productivity blogs and books will teach you how to do more , to get more done , to be more productive .
I want to teach you to do less , to get less done , to be less productive .
And while I ’ve written about it before , I think it ’s time we take a look at how this can really change your work life , and your life as a whole .
Doing less is not about being lazy ( though being lazy is a good start ) — it ’s about focusing on quality rather than quantity .
It ’s about getting off the hamster wheel of productivity , so that you can create something great rather than just being busy .
Let ’s take a few examples :
A furniture maker can mass - produce a ton of cheap furniture that will fall apart within a year .
Another craftsman might produce way fewer pieces of furniture , but make them beautifully and solidly , so that they ’ll last for generations .
If he makes them well enough , they might even be sought out and remembered for their great design .
A programmer can write tens of thousands of lines of code , and produce a lot of software that works .
A less productive coder can write a tenth of the lines , perhaps even editing down what she writes so that there ’s less code , but they ’re better written .
This small program might be the most useful thing on many people ’s computers , flawless code that just works .
A writer can churn out lots of words ( hundreds of thousands , if not millions ) , but have his work read by relatively few .
Another writer can write a small but powerful blog post or ebook , and have the post be spread by thousands of people .
In each case , the person produced less , but focused on quality .
The impact of the smaller work was higher , and thus the time worked was better spent .
I ’d argue that by focusing on quality , you could work less and still have a higher impact .
I ’ve done this in my life — by cutting back on my work hours , I actually get less done but have a higher impact .
I should note : this takes courage , to do less .
You have to shed all the old ideas of working harder and working more and being more productive .
You have to forget about what others thing about your work habits , and instead think about the impact the work has on the world and your life .
You have to change the way you do things , and that ’s never easy .
But it ’s worth the effort .
Here are some ways this philosophy can change your life and work :
Less hectic , busy schedule , less stress , more peace .
Doing less leaves free to schedule less , leave more space in your schedule , work at a more human pace .
More ability to focus , to find Flow , to work in the moment .
When you are doing too much , you are constantly switching from one task to another , constantly interrupted , constantly distracted .
Do less , clear away distractions , single - task .
Work has more impact and spreads further and wider .
When you do too much , your work is spread thinner , you have lower quality , and people wo n’t spread your work or give you awards for low - quality work .
More pride in your work , which feels good .
Feels awesome , actually , to create something worth putting your name on .
People appreciate higher quality .
Customers rave .
Readers enthuse .
Reviewers glow .
Bosses promote .
More time for family and loved ones .
Not a small benefit .
Be sure that if you do less , you use the saved time for something important .
Like quiet time for the ones you love .
More time for other things you enjoy .
I use my time for exercise , or reading , and of course my family .
Free yourself up to create amazing things .
Creating is hard to do when you ’re busy and distracted .
By doing less , you can create something great .
How to Do Less
I almost did n’t include this section , as to me it seems obvious : you just … do less .
But I realize it ’s not obvious to everyone , so I ’ll share a few tips ( many are familiar to long - time readers ) :
Slowly cut back on non-essential commitments .
Have fewer meetings .
Say no to requests , as much as possible , so you can focus on doing something great .
Cut out distractions , especially the Internet .
Single - task and focus .
Churn out a shitty first draft , then edit .
Edit some more .
Make it beautiful and minimal .
Make it something you will be proud to claim credit for .
When you find yourself doing busy - work , stop , put it off , find ways to cut that out of your life .
Whatever blocks you from doing your great work , kill it .
Set limits on how many things you do each day .
Focus on the most important tasks first , before you get distracted .
Set limits on your work hours .
It wo n’t happen overnight .
Change gradually , but surely .
“ Any intelligent fool can make things bigger , more complex , and more violent .
It takes a touch of genius – and a lot of courage – to move in the opposite direction . ” – E.F. Schumacker
—
In other news :
The education pendulum has always been a fluid , moving force that oscillates with the current political tide and the will of ever - debating ideological adversaries .
Lately , however , the lever is stuck in a harrowing , dangerous position that threatens to further erode the entire education system for the worse .
Within the billions of dollars set aside for education in President Obama ’s plan , is an incentive amount of $ 5 billion to be used to foster “ a race to the top ” for “ innovation and reform ” within a select few states .
What does this mean ?
It indicates that the push for merit pay schemes is slowly becoming the darling of some “ reformers ” who say teachers should be judged using their student ’s test scores .
This is a highly corrosive and ill - begotten road that educators will face , and our children are in harm ’s way .
Primarily doling out the orders for this is Obama ’s right hand man , Education Secretary Arne Duncan .
In a June 8 , 2009 Associated Press article he stated that not linking “ student achievement to teacher effectiveness is like suggesting we judge sports teams without looking at the box score . ”
Hardly .
For example , is n’t it true that any seasoned basketball sports analyst might look also at defensive breakdowns , three point shooting , steals , turnovers , how tired or sick the players were , injuries , and who was thrown out of the game , etc. to determine the success or failure of a team ?
There is so much more to be gained by addressing the entire game in all of its aspects .
That is what makes sports such a rich and entertaining venue .
Teaching in a classroom is a likewise scenario in which a student ’s performance needs to be addressed using multiple sources of evidence , such as portfolios , interviews , and presentations .
Pay for performance plans , by primarily utilizing high stakes test scores for teacher evaluation , ignore the student ’s fundamental right to be judged using the entire body of their human experience in school .
Merit pay plans have been tried in several places , but according to a May 2009 article in The Nation , none have yet to succeed that address the needs of the students .
The merit pay premise assumes that if a teacher is paid to raise scores , instructional quality will increase .
However , the only way to determine scientifically if the method works is to have the teacher teach a class using their current salary for an entire year and then assess them .
Then the teacher needs to take the same class , reteach them a second year , but this time with merit pay attached to the results of their assessment .
Then you could compare the scores from each year and see if they improved .
Here ’s the catch : if there was an increase you would n’t be able to tell if it was because of teaching the same curriculum a second time or because of the money enticement .
No two class clienteles will ever be the same because of their individual human experiences , and no two sets of teaching methods will repeat exactly .
Truly , the performance pay concept is impossible to implement accurately because every contaminating variable must be eliminated except for the teacher ’s monetary incentive .
However , even if all the variables could be known and excluded precisely , is this trivial concept justifiable in our school system ?
A foreseeable problem is the increased abuse of high stakes testing and what it does to kids .
The competitive nature of continually forcing test prep down students ’ throats to increase one ’s pay check is frightening .
The Alliance for Childhood , which promotes policies and practices that support children ’s healthy development , has reported many instances of students becoming rife with anxiety , sickness , and overall depression because of the insane focus on testing .
Also ,
The Sacramento Bee reported on April 25 , 2009 that African American , Latino , and Pacific Islander students at Laguna Creek High School in Sacramento , California were forced to sit in groups by race to ‘ pump them up ’ for their state test .
Each minority group was pushed to raise its test scores to help the school ’s subgroup percentages increase , so they would n’t be looked at as underperforming .
Such blatant racism would become rampant under Duncan ’s plan .
Many students have even become so frustrated that they do n’t bother to stay in school .
In the Rice University report Avoidable Losses : High - Stakes Accountability and the Dropout Crisis it states “ disaggregation of student scores by race does not lead to greater equity , but in fact puts our most vulnerable youth , the poor , the English language learners , and African American and Latino children , at risk of being pushed out of their schools so the school ratings can show ‘ measurable improvement . ’
High - stakes , test - based accountability leads not to equitable educational possibilities for youth , but to avoidable losses of these students from our schools ” .
Hence , it has been shown that a significant number of our dropouts have come from the inability to cope with continual pressure from high stakes tests .
Also , while it is widely known that cooperation and collaboration lead to increased lesson quality in the classroom , merit pay will lead to bitter disagreements and isolation between teaching professionals .
What teacher would want to share their good instructional ideas with another if that meant that their coworker could use those same techniques , possibly get better results , and thus get a higher salary than themselves ?
Other countries , like Finland , have their teachers work as intense groups , assess students at the local level , and are simply paid very well for their efforts .
Our teachers will be further separated and pushed to do things professionally unethical , like misusing class time for high stakes test preparation .
This can lead , as it has in the New York City school system , to artificial increases in test scores , as reported on June 7 , 2009 by the Daily News .
There is no context with which to truly judge students ’ performance .
It becomes a numbers machine that ignores all educational justice .
Lastly , merit pay incentives would be enticing enough that the door would be wide open for school districts to manipulate data to make it appear as if test scores had risen , resulting in faulty reporting about student performance , and thus the improper allocation of merit pay would be a major problem .
In Duncan ’s own former school district , Chicago Public Schools , many schools were reconstituted because of their test score results .
This means they were shut down , everyone was fired , and then they were reopened under new management .
A report by the Consortium on Chicago School Research showed that test score gains in these locations , which Duncan touted , were inflated because student populations changed when more kids were referred to special education , and so their scores were not included ; poor African American enrollment declined , many of whom previously had low scores ; and students with limited English skills had their scores not tabulated in because of their language challenges .
So , how can teachers be paid equitably in a system so flawed and rife with inequity ?
What can be done to challenge the “ race to the top ” facade that threatens our public schools ?
Education professionals and coalitions need to press their local and national representatives to say that this merit pay reform path is immoral .
A 2008 report from education advocacy group The Common Core stated that time in class could be , “ better spent reading and discussing historical controversies , scientific discoveries , and literary works ” , not “ endless test preparation activities ” .
We need more people per child in schools to intensely focus and care for them .
The state of Georgia has a High School Graduation Coach initiative that starts in the middle schools and heads off students from being lost in a huge crowd , keeps them engaged , and makes them feel important by a supportive net .
This program has increased their graduation rate from 35 % to 77 % over three years , according to a May 2009 Parade magazine article .
There is simply no merit in merit pay .
The unraveling of decades of true classroom evidence and the erosion of public confidence in teachers by this faulty reform premise is creating unhealthy school environments .
The race to the bottom needs to be stopped before it can start .
Italian prosecutors on Wednesday asked a judge to issue prison sentences for three Google executives and one former executive accused of defamation and failure to comply with privacy laws in a case that could alter the way Google operates in Italy and the rest of Europe .
The prosecutors contend that Google was negligent because it allowed a video of high school kids bullying a disabled classmate to stay on its Italian - language video service for two months in 2006 .
The company , based in California , says it removed the video several hours after being alerted of its existence .
The prosecutors submitted a 119 - page document with evidence they say shows Google must have known about the video long before it was taken down .
The prosecutors rested their case after asking for a one - year sentence for three executives — David Drummond , senior vice president and chief legal officer ; Peter Fleischer , global privacy counsel ; and George Reyes , a former chief financial officer .
They are seeking a six - month sentence for Arvind Desikan , who is now head of consumer marketing in Britain .
Thousands of small and medium - sized businesses in the US face financial difficulties and could go out of business after lender CIT Group filed for bankruptcy protection last night .
Although the company will keep operating , it is unlikely to be able to make the same number of loans as before .
CIT provides working capital to small firms such as shops , their suppliers and restaurants , many of whom are already struggling in the recession .
In one of the the biggest corporate failures in US history , CIT made its filing in the New York bankruptcy court yesterday , after a debt - exchange offer to bondholders failed .
CIT said most of its bondholders have agreed a prepackaged reorganisation plan which will reduce total debt by $ 10 bn ( £ 6.1 bn ) while allowing the company to continue to do business .
The collapse is also bad news for US taxpayers , who stand to lose the $ 2.3 bn provided last year to prop up the troubled lender .
Creditors will end up owning the company , while common and preferred shareholders – including the US government – will be wiped out by the plan .
This is the government 's biggest loss yet through its Troubled Asset Relief Programme ( Tarp ) .
" The decision to proceed with our plan of reorganisation will allow CIT to continue to provide funding to our small business and middle - market customers , two sectors that remain vitally important to the US economy , " said CIT 's chairman and chief executive , Jeffrey Peek , who will step down by the end of the year .
But retail trade groups are worried that many shops will be left without financing – and stock – ahead of the crucial Christmas season , with traditional banks also cutting back credit .
CIT has provided funding to 2,000 firms that supply merchandise to more than 300,000 stores .
About 60 % of America 's clothing industry depends on CIT for financing .
Harold Reichwald of law firm Manatt , Phelps & Phillips said CIT 's case is likely to force the company 's customers to look elsewhere for financing .
" If I was a small businessman , I would say to myself , ' I have to find alternatives ' , " he said .
" In this marketplace , there are n't a lot of alternatives . "
WASHINGTON -
The polar bear has become an icon of global warming vulnerability , but a new study has found an Arctic mammal that may be even more at risk to climate change : the narwhal .
The narwhal , a whale with a long spiral tusk that inspired the myth of the unicorn , edged out the polar bear for the ranking of most potentially vulnerable in a climate change risk analysis of Arctic marine mammals .
The study was published this week in the peer - reviewed journal Ecological Applications .
Polar bears are considered marine mammals because they are dependent on the water and are included as a species in the US Marine Mammal Protection Act .
Scientists from three countries quantified the vulnerabilities that 11 year - round Arctic sea mammals have as the world warms .
After the narwhal - which is also known as the " corpse whale " - and polar bear , the most at risk are the hooded seal , the bowhead whale , and the walrus .
" What we wanted to do was look at the whole picture , because there 's been a lot of attention on polar bears , " said study coauthor Ian Stirling , a polar bear and seal specialist for the Canadian government .
" We 're talking about a whole ecosystem .
We 're talking about several different species that use ice extensively and are very vulnerable . "
The study looked at nine variables that help determine ability to withstand future climate changes .
Those factors included population size , habitat uniqueness , diet diversity , and ability to cope with sea ice changes .
This does n't mean the narwhal - with a current population of 50,000 to 80,000 - will die off first ; polar bear counts are closer to 20,000 , and they are directly harmed by melting ice , scientists said .
But it does mean the potential for harm is slightly greater for the less - studied narwhal , said study lead author Kristin Laidre , a research scientist at the University of Washington .
Stanford University biologist Terry Root , who was n't part of the study , said the analysis reinforces her concern that the narwhal " is going to be one of the first to go extinct " from global warming despite their population size .
" There could a bazillion of them , but if the habitat or the things that they need are not going to be around , they 're not going to make it , " Root said .
Polar bears can adapt a bit to the changing Arctic climate , she said , and narwhals can't .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
FLORHAM PARK , N.J. -- Mark Sanchez is hot - doggin ' it again .
This time , the New York Jets ' rookie quarterback is n't sneaking a snack on the sideline , though .
Sanchez bought 500 hot dogs and 500 hamburgers , along with buns and rolls , through A&P supermarket , and donated them to the Community Soup Kitchen of Morristown , N.J .
" Something happened here and wanted to turn it into a positive , " Sanchez said Wednesday .
Sanchez was grilled Sunday after television cameras caught him trying to discreetly put mustard on a hot dog and eat it late in New York 's 38 - 0 win at Oakland .
He apologized after the game , saying he did n't feel well and needed to eat something .
" I did n't mean it as a form of disrespect , " Sanchez said , adding that the incident served as a reminder that his actions on and off the field will be scrutinized as an NFL quarterback .
" I was n't trying to take away from anything the team had going on , " he said .
" People have gotten some laughs out of it and we all kind of joked about it , but it 's one of those things that I definitely need to learn from and it was a mistake .
It wo n't happen again . "
He also would n't reveal who served him up the frankfurter that landed him in hot water .
" I can't roll over on my hot dog connect , " he said with a grin .
Coach Rex Ryan said he was " disappointed " with Sanchez , and realizes the quarterback did n't mean to be disrespectful -- although that 's how it appeared to some .
" To me , I 'm an old - school football guy and you 're playing a great game of football .
I know you 're hungry , but leave that for the fans , " Ryan said .
" You can go to the locker room and you can eat afterward .
You know , hey , that 's not the biggest mistake he 's ever going to make . "
Ryan said he spoke to Sanchez about the incident on the flight home , and was pleased about the plan the quarterback cooked up .
" It is unfortunate that here we have a great game , run for 300 - some yards -- breakout game -- 38 - to - zip score , get a shutout and now the focus is on the hot dog , " Ryan said .
" I think Mark is doing the right thing with the plans that he has . "
EXCLUSIVE : Over 3,600 photo radar tickets have been set for one courtroom on Monday at the exact same time , according to an internal memo sent out to Maricopa County employees Friday afternoon and obtained by CameraFRAUD .
( Update : Join us on Monday for an impromptu sign wave / signature gathering … click for details ) .
The memo highlights concerns regarding security , and even suggests that people may be asked to wait outside if building capacity is reached :
This email is to notify you that West McDowell Justice Court at the Downtown Justice Court Building at 620 West Jackson is anticipating up to 3,600 individuals to appear Monday morning ( July 27 , 2009 ) in response to Photo Radar tickets .
Court Security will have additional security staff on site to assist with getting individuals in the building and through security as quickly as possible as well as trying to keep the crowds under control .
If the building reaches a capacity issue , individuals will be directed to wait outside in a uniform fashion or return closer to the court time .
Currently , we are also looking to see if any space in the DTJC can be used as a staging area if necessary .
Both the Sheriff ’s Office and Protective Services have been notified of this matter .
If you have any questions , please let me know .
Your anticipated cooperation and support on Monday will be greatly appreciated .
A quick look on the County ’s website reflects an unusual number of cases for WMJC on Monday .
It ’s unclear what happened to cause this , but our guess is that Occam ’s Razor is finally taking its brutal toll on Redflex / American Traffic Solutions ’ greedy scheme .
CameraFRAUD
Connect : Facebook
Twitter
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
With 86 percent of precincts reporting at about 1:04 a.m. Wednesday , the measure was winning 58.61 percent to 41.39 percent .
Statewide , the number of votes was 293,694 in favor to 207,419 opposed .
While 13 states permit medical use of marijuana , only Rhode Island and New Mexico have similar dispensary provisions , according to the Marijuana Policy Project in Washington , D.C.
The national organization on Tuesday night called the Maine vote “ a dramatic step forward . ”
Maine supporters established a comfortable lead early on and held it throughout the day , although results varied regionally .
By early Wednesday morning , 54.4 percent of voters in Aroostook County had rejected the measure ; Penobscot County voters had endorsed it by 50.6 percent ; and Cumberland County voters had endorsed it by 67 percent .
Campaign manager Jonathan Leavitt of the organization Maine Citizens for Patient Rights said earlier Tuesday evening that he was confident Mainers would approve the measure .
“ This confirms what our polling has told us all along , ” he said .
Leavitt said he expected some advantage in the southern part of the state , but “ only a small percentage . ”
Leavitt acknowledged that his group had run a low - profile campaign .
“ The credibility of this issue is so strong , we did n’t need to convince anyone that this was the right thing to do , ” Leavitt said .
Question 5 was opposed by the Maine Center for Disease Control and Prevention , the Maine Office of Substance Abuse , the Maine Chiefs of Police Association , the Maine Drug Enforcement Agency and the Maine Prosecutors Association .
Kennebec County District Attorney Evert Fowle , who also is president of the Maine Prosecutors Association , said Tuesday night the measure would prove difficult to enforce because of its complexity and breadth .
“ It ’s a very poor law , ” he said .
“ This was written by self - proclaimed marijuana activists . …
The ultimate goal of the people behind this law is to legalize marijuana . ”
Regardless , he added , “ We ’ll do our best to make this law work and respect the will of the voters . ”
The measure also was opposed by the organization Maine Citizens for Medical Marijuana .
Spokesman Don LaRouche of Madison , who uses the drug to ease the symptoms of multiple sclerosis and glaucoma , said in an interview last month that government regulation of marijuana would prove intrusive and that a proposed $ 5,000 registration fee for dispensaries would be a burden for designated growers .
LaRouche said Tuesday night that he did n’t think Maine voters were well - informed about the impact of the new law .
“ I ’m absolutely ashamed of the state of Maine giving more power to the government , ” he said .
LaRouche said his organization would begin immediately to work on a proposal to undo some of the provisions of the new law .
Voters leaving the polls Tuesday afternoon expressed a range of viewpoints .
Frank Tolman of Pittsfield , a self - employed salesman , voted against Question 5 .
“ I do n’t want to put the drug dealers out of business , ” he said .
“ The feds are already involved in our banks and our car companies .
It ’s just a complete takeover .
I ’m a conservative .
The less the government handles , the better . ”
Also opposing the measure , but for different reasons , was a voter in Bangor who did not want to be identified .
“ I voted no , ” he said .
“ It ’s a drug .
I mean , what ’s next , medical cocaine ? ”
But Bangor resident Nicholas Barrett , 20 , voted in support of the medical marijuana initiative .
“ If it helps people out , why not ? ” he asked .
“ It ’s a medicinal herb ; it has its uses . ”
Barrett , who said he occasionally uses marijuana on a recreational basis , said he was willing to accept the tradeoff that increased therapeutic availability of the drug might lead to increased recreational use .
Karan Savoy of Bangor also supported the measure , although she had heard little about the issue in the lead - up to the referendum .
“ It ’s probably time to make it more available , especially for older people , ” she said .
“ People will get it one way or another , so it ’s good to have some regulations and restrictions . ”
A Maine law approved in 1999 by public referendum allowed an individual suffering from one of four specific conditions to grow , possess and use small amounts of marijuana if a physician determines the effect of the drug may be beneficial .
Source : Bangor Daily News ( ME )
Author : Meg Haskell , BDN Staff
Published : November 4 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 Bangor Daily News Inc .
Contact : letters@bangordailynews.net
Website : http://www.bangornews.com/
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/RWjkgTLf
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A suicide bomber dressed in military uniform has attacked the UN World Food Programme offices in Pakistan 's capital Islamabad , killing five people .
Pakistan 's interior minister said an investigation had begun into security lapses after guards had allowed the man into the compound to go to the toilet .
Four of the dead are Pakistanis , the fifth is an Iraqi .
The bomber died too .
It is unclear who is responsible but suspicion will fall on the Pakistani Taliban , correspondents say .
They promised revenge for the killing of their leader Baitullah Mehsud in a US drone strike in August and have been behind a series of recent attacks .
Last week , at least 16 people died in two suicide car bomb attacks in north - western Pakistan .
' No to terrorists '
Local television footage showed smoke rising from the heavily fortified UN building , shortly after the early afternoon blast in its reception area .
The explosion happened early in the afternoon A number of injured people are being treated in hospital .
The BBC's Orla Guerin in Islamabad says heavily armed anti-terror police quickly ringed the compound and sniffer dogs were brought in .
For Pakistan this was an unwelcome reminder that their capital remains vulnerable , our correspondent says .
It is further proof that the militants can still strike in spite of increased security precautions and ongoing army operations .
Interior Minister Rehman Malik said an investigation had been launched into the security officials who had allowed the bomber , who was wearing a uniform of the paramilitary Frontier Corps , to enter .
Mr Malik said the attack would not " slacken the resolve " of Pakistan 's efforts to counter the Taliban .
He said : " The operations that we carried out against them in Swat , North Waziristan and South Waziristan have broken their back .
They are like a wounded snake . "
Mr Malik added : " I want to make it clear to the terrorists that the entire nation is united , and the entire nation says no to Taliban , no to oppressors , no to terrorists , no to extremists . "
' Heinous crime ' Earlier , a WFP employee , Sajjad Anwar , said about 100 people were working in the compound at the time .
" Walls of the building have cracked because of the intensity of the blast , " he said .
" I do n't know how this could have happened .
We have private security as well as government - provided police . "
The WFP said five of its staff members had been confirmed dead .
They included two Pakistani finance assistants and an Iraqi information and communication technology officer .
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attack .
" This is a heinous crime committed against those who have been working tirelessly to assist the poor and vulnerable , " he said in Geneva .
The attack came as Britain 's defence and home ministers visited Islamabad for talks with Pakistani officials on the role Pakistan plays in combating terror in the UK .
A British embassy spokesman said : " I 'm not prepared to say where they are staying , but it is safe to say they were not affected . "
Are you in the area ?
Send us your experiences using the form below : Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
SITE
While Oprah ’s seal of approval on a book cover is sought after in America , Osama Bin Laden ’s is , to put it mildly , not .
On Monday , the authors of three books apparently recommended to American readers by the leader of Al Qaeda in his latest communique might be wondering how one goes about returning an unsolicited endorsement to a shadowy militant who has been in hiding for eight years .
As our colleague Mark McDonald reported on Sunday , Mr. Bin Laden apparently released a new audiotape , entitled “ An Address to the American People . ”
According to the SITE Intelligence Group , which monitors jihadist Web sites , on the tape , a voice claiming to be that of the Qaeda leader described three books that he says support his analysis of global politics and the systematic maltreatment of Muslims at the hands of America and her allies .
Here is the blurb from hell the books ’ authors will not want to see printed on their jackets above Mr. Bin Laden ’s name : “ After you read the suggested books , you will know the truth , and you will be greatly shocked by the scale of concealment that has been exercised on you . ”
On the list :
1. “ The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy , ” by Stephen M. Walt , a professor of international affairs at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard , and John J. Mearsheimer , a political scientist at the University of Chicago .
Published in 2007 , the book argues that uncritical American support for Israel , shaped by powerful lobbying organizations like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee , does grave harm to both American and Israeli interests .
The voice on the tape gives the title of the book as “ The Israeli Lobby in the United States , ” according to the SITE translation .
The book develops themes first explored by the authors in an essay published in 2006 by the London Review of Books , which generated a strong reaction from some Jewish groups .
Tony Judt defended the authors against charges of anti-Semitism on the Op - Ed page of The New York Times the following month .
Later that year , The London Review hosted a panel discussion in New York on the questions raised by the essay .
A complete transcript of that discussion and video of the the event are available online .
2. “ Palestine : Peace Not Apartheid , ” in which former President Jimmy Carter gives his views about how best to end the Arab - Israeli conflict , and criticizes Israeli treatment of Palestinians in the territories .
While the voice on the tape does not mention this book by name , it calls on Americans to “ read what your former president , Carter , wrote regarding Israeli racism against our people in Palestine , ” in a characterization of the book that goes beyond Mr. Carter ’s own language .
In his review of Mr. Carter ’s book in The New York Times , Ethan Bronner wrote :
This is a strange little book about the Arab - Israeli conflict from a major public figure .
It is premised on the notion that Americans too often get only one side of the story , one uncritically sympathetic to Israel , so someone with authority and knowledge needs to offer a fuller picture .
Fine idea .
The problem is that in this book Jimmy Carter does not do so .
Instead , he simply offers a narrative that is largely unsympathetic to Israel .
Israeli bad faith fills the pages .
Hollow statements by Israel ’s enemies are presented without comment .
Broader regional developments go largely unexamined .
In other words , whether or not Carter is right that most Americans have a distorted view of the conflict , his contribution is to offer a distortion of his own .
Much of the criticism of Mr. Carter ’s book focused on the title , which evokes the idea raised by some supporters of the Palestinian cause who have compared the situation in Israel and Israeli - occupied Palestine to that of apartheid - era South Africa .
For instance , in an article published in the London Review of Books in 2003 , Virginia Tilley proposed a one - state solution which would still “ preserve Israel ’s role as a Jewish haven while dismantling the apartheid - like privileges that presently assign second - class citizenship to non-Jews . ”
3 . The third book referred to on the tape is called “ The Apology of a Hired Killer , ” according to the SITE translation .
The book is said to have been written by “ a former CIA agent who lived in two cultures , whose conscience was awakened in his third decade and decided to say the truth despite threats . ”
The voice on the tape says that this author is “ the best to clarify to you the causes of the eleventh , ” apparently meaning the attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
While there seems to be no book of that title and description , at least one analyst has suggested that Mr. bin Laden may have been reading “ Confessions of an Economic Hit Man , ” by John Perkins .
In the book , Mr. Perkins writes that , recruited by government agencies and an international consulting firm , he traveled the world for a decade convincing governments in the developing world to take on loans from the World Bank , International Monetary Fund and other international organizations they could not handle .
Our colleague Landon Thomas wrote in 2006 :
Mr. Perkins ’s coup has been to overlay a dry , mainstream notion — that American companies and multinational institutions were less than discriminate in lending to third - world nations — with sex , confession and fiery plane crashes .
In 2006 , the State Department posted a reply to the book headlined : “ Confessions — or Fantasies — of an Economic Hit Man ? ” asserting that “ Perkins claims that all this was done at the behest of the N.S.A. , although he offers no evidence that this was the case . ”
The State Department rebuttal dismisses the claim — “ Perkins is apparently not aware that the National Security Agency is a cryptological ( codemaking and codebreaking ) organization , not an economic organization ” — and concludes this way :
Perkins has written several other books , which include : • Psychonavigation : “ first hand accounts of how diverse tribal cultures travel beyond time and space by means of visions and dream wanderings ; ” • Shapeshifting : “ shamanistic techniques for global and personal transformation ; ” and • The World Is As You Dream It : “ shamanistic techniques from the Amazon and Andes . ”
As to whether Perkins was acting at the behest of the U.S. government , the world is not “ as he dreams it . ”
Addressing suggestions that some of the book may have been fictionalized , the book ’s publisher posted a statement on its
Web site that began :
Some people have found John Perkins ’ accounts in Confessions of an Economic Hit Man to be so shocking and troubling that they have questioned whether his accounts are true .
John himself has been absolutely unequivocal that everything written in the book is factual and is the true story of his life .
According to Jarret Brachman , the blogging former director of research at West Point ’s Combating Terrorism Center , Leah Farrall , a fellow “ cyber monitor ” was the first to spot this new audio message on a jihadist Web forum .
On her blog , Ms. Farrall wrote :
It is n’t an anniversary tape .
I suspect it has been used because al Qaeda has no more martyrdom videos to use in marking the anniversary .
Also , its media capacity to make more tapes ( on the scale of anniversary videos ) has been seriously damaged of late . [… ]
The fact that it is n’t translated despite being a message for America / Americans also suggests a serious degradation of media capacity .
There was no rush for this .
There was a ‘ leak ’ that a message was coming and then it was pulled off the forums .
Its release was delayed , yet still no English .
Bin Laden ’s focus on Israel is interesting .
I would have thought he’d be more focused on the campaign in Afghanistan given the issues this is causing Obama .
In another post , Ms. Farrall notes that she ’s had quite a productive week — having “ unearthed the first new [ Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ] photos we ’ve seen since he was captured ” and “ also nabbed the bin Laden audio . ”
Rather than make Ms. Farrall happy though , her two scoops are making her worry that she no longer seems to have much competition :
This has made me wonder who else still watches forums .
A lot of people used to be all over this .
…
[ G]enerally speaking there ’s very few of us and interest in the content of forums seems to have dropped off .
It ’s almost like information fatigue .
To my mind this is n’t a good thing .
Those forums continue to be used for strategic guidance , operational instruction , and of course propaganda dissemination .
The propaganda dissemination always seems to get the focus .
Granted it ’s a big issue , but the bigger one is people using these forums for far more nefarious operational purposes at both the strategic and tactical level .
In an article for Foreign Policy last week , “ The Next Osama , ” Ms. Farrall ’s colleague , Mr. Brachman , argued that even though Mr. Bin Laden remains Al Qaeda ’s figurehead , another commander , Sheik Abu Yahya al - Libi , may already have surpassed him as the most important leader in the organization .
Unlike Mr. Bin Laden , who seems to regard Americans as a nation of intellectuals who just need to read the right books , Mr. Abu Yahya , who was in American custody in Afghanistan until he escaped in 2005 , formed his impressions of Americans first - hand .
At Bagram airbase , Mr. Brachman writes , “ he passed time by intimately studying his American captors as they aimlessly surfed the Internet or complained to him about their dysfunctional childhoods . ”
* An earlier version of this post contained somewhat less contextual information on two of the books apparently recommended by Mr. Bin Laden .
We added two paragraphs to try to give a better sense of what made them controversial .
Amazon.com has settled a lawsuit with Justin D. Gawronski , a Michigan high school senior , whose copy of George Orwells Nineteen Eighty - Four was deleted from his Kindle in July .
Gawronski claimed that when Amazon wirelessly deleted the book , it also got rid of notes he had taken on the device about the book , which he needed for a homework assignment .
In ...
The plot on the north bank of the River Aire is currently a car park between converted warehouses in the Yorkshire city ’s historic Calls district .
Entrants into the ‘ 36 The Calls Design Competition ’ are asked to produce proposals for the best new , sustainable commercial building in Leeds .
Director of Citu Chris Thompson said : ‘ The winner of this contest should be a symbol of great design for Yorkshire .
Something to be proud of .
Something to make people stop and stare .
Advertisement
‘ Innovative architecture will ensure the development is a positive contribution to the existing urban environment
while maintaining the city ’s relationship with the river . ’
PRIMAVERA , Amazonas state , Brazil —
This riverfront fishing and manioc - farming community , four hours by motor - powered canoe from the nearest major city , has two kinds of evenings : those when there is fuel for the community generator , and those when there is n’t .
Last Tuesday there was , and as soon as the motor roared into action around 7 p.m. , power coursed along the jury - rigged miniature utility poles that line the row of a dozen wooden houses , bare light bulbs came to life and most of the 58 residents — who until that moment had been chatting by the side of the river , playing dominoes by gas lamp or cooking dinner — scurried to one of the four houses with a television .
If the Nielsen Company were trying to measure the ratings in Primavera , there would be no need for sampling : 100 percent of televisions were on , and 50 percent of them were dedicated to soccer , the other 50 percent to soap operas .
In a region that is very different , and far less densely populated , than most of Brazil , the exercise of nation - building that has taken place over the last half - century is in full evidence .
Nothing is more stereotypically Brazilian than soccer and soap operas , and the Globo network , which provides plenty of each , is often credited ( or vilified ) for creating modern Brazilian tastes and obsessions .
Rice and beans now supplement the traditional diet of fish and manioc flour , even though they are not typically raised here .
The only things that seem not to have made it here are beds ( hammocks criss - cross in crowded bedrooms ) , sofas ( seating varies from stools and benches to gorgeous Amazonian hardwood floors that seem out of place amid such poverty ) and samba ( the locals prefer accordion - based forro ) .
Watching a soap opera .
( Seth Kugel / GlobalPost )
The generator , which arrived about eight years ago , was a revelation in town .
“ It made life better , ” said Milton Astrogildo Carvalho , who at 58 has always lived in the community , since it was just his family .
( It still seems that way , most households have a “ Carvalho ” somewhere among their multiple last names . )
“ Before , there was just radio .
I go to my son ’s house to watch . ”
But he is more a news man , staying away from the soaps .
There is something vaguely unsettling — even vaguely American — about stepping into the living room in the house of Nair das Gracas Carvalho and her husband Onezimo Camilo Cardoso .
The hardwood floor and two wooden benches were covered with their children and grandchildren , 22 in all at one point , mesmerized by the gorgeous white faces of " Viver a Vida , " a soap opera based thousands of miles away in Rio de Janeiro .
Quite soon — at 7:24 , for the Nielsen folks — they would switch to the pre-game show before watching two soccer clubs , Flamengo and Barueri , battle it out at a faraway stadium in Sao Paulo state .
Nair herself stayed away from the TV , tending to the tucunare — a white - fleshed fish among the easiest to catch in the Aripuana River .
She fried it in a free - standing clay stove called a fugareiro , on the back porch - turned - kitchen .
Onezimo , who has a wizened face but a shockingly full head of suspiciously black hair , stepped in to watch .
“ Soccer and novelas , we like it all here , ” he said .
A few doors down in Dona Maria ’s house — all houses are in a straight line along the steep slope that dips down to the river — 10 people were still tuned to the novela .
Toward the far end of the community , the third TV had attracted a smaller audience .
Ivaneti Saraiva Rodrigues was plopped on the floor watching the soap with her husband Milton , their 5 - year - old son Andre and 8 - year - old daughter Graziele .
Ivaneti was thoroughly enjoying the new soap more than the one that preceded it , " Caminho das Indias , " which took place largely in India .
“ I find this one better , ” she said .
“ The other one was really unattractive . ”
All were mesmerized , but there was some evidence that Andre would have liked to change the channel :
He had his arm around a soccer ball .
The fourth TV had one lone viewer : Cleude Braga Paola , one of the community leaders .
He had arrived a bit late ( “ I was over there , chatting with my buddies , ” he said ) , and had flipped on the soccer game , as , like Milton and many of the men , he was not a fan of the soaps .
“ My daughters like them , ” he said .
“ They go to another house to watch . ”
They ’d be home soon .
In just a few hours , the generator whirred to a halt , the lights went out , and with roosters slated to start crowing at first light , it was time for bed .
Make that , time for hammock .
For some reason , I can imagine G.I .
Joe in a strategy - type game like C&C ...
Or a mash up of the two , which probably would n't sit well with fans of C&C. >.>
So then , where 's the guy that did that ?
Did he say " Hail Cobra ! " with right arm raised before he ran away into the trees ?
Quick Note on Self - Publishing
This is actually very simple , people .
Leaving aside the actual discussion of the wisdom of self - publishing , generally speaking , if you are going to self - publish , for the love of all that is good and decent in this world , do n’t pay to do it .
In this day and age , there is no reason to do so .
If you do n’t need physical copies of what you ’re writing , then there ’s especially no reason to pay anyone to publish , since a simple word processing file will suffice , and if you ’re truly inspired to put your document into pdf or one of the various e-book formats , there ’s software that will let you do that for free .
If you do need a physical copy , then someplace like Lulu.com will let you design and set up that physical copy for free , and the only time you ( or anyone else ) pays for the thing is when you order a copy , in which case Lulu charges you for the paper , binding , shipping and ( I ’m sure ) a small cut for their profits .
This is vastly less expensive than any other way you could do it .
( Bear in mind that the above assumes you are minimally competent to copyedit your own work and are competent to do a basic design for your book , either on your own or using the default settings available on Lulu or other similar services .
If not , you can hire people to do these specific tasks , which is still very likely to be cheaper than a suite of services you would buy from a vanity publisher . )
Speaking personally , when it comes to self - publishing , as long as people know what they ’re getting into and have their expectations grounded in the real world , I have no problem with people self - publishing , since I ’ve done it myself at least a couple of times , and may choose to do it again in the future .
I also have no problem with services like Lulu ; I have a Lulu account and I use it whenever I finish a manuscript because I run off personal , bound copies for myself and my wife prior to official publication , and occasionally to auction a copy for charity ( Lulu also offers “ service packages , ” which I do n’t recommend , but the basic package — which is what I use when I use them — is free ) .
Self - publishing can be useful in certain specific circumstances , even if it is almost never profitable in any significant way .
But again , if there ’s one thing I can drill into your head about self - publishing , it is : Do n’t pay for it .
There are lots of ways to do it that do n’t involve you shelling out a dime to anyone else before you have a product available to sell .
When I wrote a blog last week about living without money , I thought it would be just that : a little blog .
But it seems the money issue is much more taboo than I thought .
The reaction was huge and mostly positive , but there was also a fair amount of inevitable criticism too .
So I thought it could be helpful to respond , not in defence , but just to clarify .
Take this comment :
Why not give up the laptop , ey ? Hypocrite .
- josephnation
This was the most common criticism – many feel I 'm a hypocrite for using a salvaged laptop and mobile ( incoming calls only , no contract ) , even if they 're solar - powered .
I can understand why – both are products of industrialisation and they came into existence using someone 's money .
But this was a no - win situation .
Had I gone off and lived the simple life , I would have been criticised for merely looking after my own happiness and not contributing to wider social change .
But if I used these tools , I 'd get called a hypocrite .
I knew the choice before I started , and I chose the latter predominantly because I feel incredibly sad about the fact that we in the west indirectly satisfy a lot of our wants by exploiting those in less privileged continents and by destroying the planet through our purchases .
Maybe I made the wrong decision .
But I decided that if it encouraged even one person to reduce their impact on the planet , it would be worth being called a hypocrite .
But given the thousands of emails I 've received from people – saying they 're going to eat more local or more organic food , or go vegan , or stop flying – over the last year , I stand by that decision .
The laptop and mobile do n't put food in my belly ; they 're hardly necessary for survival or moneyless living .
Then there were many comments similar to this :
Trying to live without all the crap we think is necessary today is laudable .
It 's just a pity that this guy feels the need to link it in with superstitious beliefs such as homeopathy – David Chameleon
My reference to " social homeopathy " raised a debate in itself , too .
Medicine is not my forte , so I do n't want to get involved in a debate over that .
All I was trying to say , using a metaphor , was that I do n't want to spend my life fire - fighting society 's symptoms ad infinitum , and that I wanted to take a more holistic look at the issues involved .
Having said that , the only ailment I 've had in seven years of paying into the NHS is hayfever , which I 've successfully treated with a common weed called greater plantain .
The animal - tested drugs I previously spent a fortune on to ease it only made me drowsier .
If the NHS took more of a leadership role by prioritising training for their excellent frontline staff to empower patients to choose fresh , nutritious and organic food , and then nourished hospital patients with real food instead of the slop it 's famous for , in 10 years they 'd probably find their queues a bit shorter .
Next up :
People in the 3rd world do n't get to write a book about their suffering .
This bloke will presumably refuse any profits from his book seeing as he thinks that money is evil ?
Thought not - HeavydutyJudy
Actually , I will be refusing the proceeds .
As readers of my Freeconomy blog know , I will be writing a book but will not be accepting the proceeds authors normally earn .
I will be donating all the money to fund a real life Freeconomy community .
I originally sold my houseboat to fund the website , which does n't accept advertising , I also politely refuse donations .
I 'm not exactly in it for the cash – there is none .
I 'm not for a moment suggesting we should all go money - less tomorrow .
It 's about transition .
All I am trying to say is that I believe money is like oil : if we are going to use it , let 's at least use it to build sustainable infrastructure for the future , and not meaningless tat .
And I just wanted to show that you can live a really happy , healthy life without so much money or stuff .
That 's all .
I also want to encourage people to reconnect with what we consume and make more sustainable choices .
Paul McCartney once said : " If slaughterhouses had glass walls , we 'd all be vegetarians " .
Well , if people could see the state of war - torn Iraq , we 'd all be cyclists .
If you can , try to reduce consumption to as much as your specific situation allows you to .
All our energy needs are different ; I do n't have kids which means I need much less .
And to all the offers of marriage and casual sex ... you could have at least left your contact details .
I 'm not sure your mothers would approve of me though .
I 'm not exactly a catch .
• Mark Boyle is the founder of the Freeconomy Community .
The Moneyless Man , his account of a year without money , will be published by Oneworld Publications in 2010 .
Primal + Keto Omelet Muffins
In a perfect world , we ’d all sit down every morning to a leisurely , healthy breakfast .
In the real world , however , we ’ve all done our share of eating breakfast in our cars , on the bus , or at our work stations Sometimes , where you eat the breakfast you grabbed on your way out the door ca n’t be helped .
What can be helped , however , is what you eat .
Keep in mind that while omelet muffins are perfect for breakfast on the go , they ’d also be great for a weekend brunch .
Double the recipe and make a dozen .
Then , make time to sit down with family or friends and enjoy the type of long , leisurely breakfast that ’s so hard to come by during the week .
The beauty of these omelet muffins ?
What you mix in for added flavor is up to you .
Anything you love adding to an omelet — diced vegetables , meat , and some cheese if you ’re so inclined — you can add to this recipe to create your own personal omelet muffin .
Servings : 12 muffins
Prep Time : 15 minutes
Cook Time : 40 minutes
Ingredients :
10 Large Eggs
6 oz . Bacon ( Cooked )
1 cup chopped Red Bell Pepper
1/4 cup Shredded Cheese
2 Tbsp. Coconut Milk or Cream
2 Tbsp. Chopped Cilantro
Pinch of Black Pepper
Primal Kitchen® Avocado Oil Spray
Instructions :
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit .
Arrange the bacon on a parchment covered sheet pan and bake for 20 - 30 minutes , until it reaches the doneness of your liking .
Allow the bacon to cool and chop or crumble it into small pieces .
Whisk the eggs and coconut milk / cream together in a large bowl .
Add in the chopped bacon , chopped bell pepper , cheese , cilantro and black pepper .
Mix together until well combined .
Spray a set of 12 muffin tins with avocado oil spray .
Ladle the egg mixture into each of the tins , about 2/3 - 3 / 4 of the way full .
Bake for 18 - 20 minutes , or until they are slightly puffed up , yet firm to the touch .
Remove from the oven .
and allow them to cool slightly before removing them from the muffin tin .
The egg muffins will deflate slightly as they are cooling .
Nutritional Information ( per muffin ) :
Calories : 138
Total Carbs : 1 grams
Net Carbs : 1 grams
Fat : 11 grams
Protein : 11 grams
About the Author
Post navigation
If you 'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here !
First off , I 'm not getting into the whole " Trekkie " vs. " Trekker " argument .
I was raised as a " Trekkie , " so that is the term I 'm going to use .
With the recent release of the new Star Trek , I started to wonder how is this going to affect the kids ?
Thankfully , mine have heard of and have watched plenty of the original series , so I did n't have to worry about their state of mind .
But there are a lot of kids out there who think that this new movie is Star Trek .
That it 's some flashy action adventure space movie with chiseled young actors and massive special effects .
While that 's all well and good , since it 's a reboot for the purpose of gathering new fans , I think it 's important that kids have a sense of history when it comes to things as influential as Star Trek .
Think about all the conversations we 've had with our kids over the years to explain the history of Batman , Spider - Man , X - Men , Superman ( my geeklets had to sit through the original Christopher Reeve versions before being allowed to see the new one ) and every other rebooted comic or classic TV franchise .
That being said , here are 10 tips to help your Geeklet ease into being a Trekkie :
10 : Talk like William Shatner : " Hey ... kids .
Time ... to ... take out the trash . "
They 'll soon wonder who holds the patent on this eloquent way of speaking .
9 : Build a phaser for the school science fair : Chances are , you 'll at least be able to build a phaser that works on stun .
If you throw it at someone .
8 : Play " What Would Spock Do ? "
All kids are faced with times they have to make logical decisions , make it interesting by channeling the values of everyone 's favorite Vulcan .
7 : Refer to your car as " The Enterprise NCC - 1701 - A " and going to visit the in - laws as " going through the worm - hole to fight the Jem ' Hadar . "
Nothing says how much you enjoy a visit to the in - laws when you liken them to a violent warrior race jacked up on drugs .
6 : Pay out allowances in gold - pressed Latinum .
- Considering the price of gold , this may be hard to come by , but completely worth it if you can pull it off .
5 : Call your eldest child " Number 1 . "
On second thought , this might sound like favoritism , but follow it up with " Make it so , " and to their siblings it'll just seem like they are receiving the brunt of the chores .
4 : Make the kids drink Earl Grey tea .
" Because that 's what Jean - Luc drinks . "
3 : Dress up like a Klingon and take them to a Star Trek convention .
Nothing tests the bonds of love more than hanging out with a family member dressed like a Klingon .
2 : After dinner every night have a family discussion concerning the positives and negatives of the Prime Directive .
Most specifically , identify which neighbors would qualify as " Pre- Warp " civilizations .
1 : Teach them that instead of cursing when frustrated or angry , yell " KHAAAAAAAN !! "
Their friends may give them strange looks , so teach them to clench their fists and furrow their brow to sell it .
Never mention the name " Mr. Roarke . "
I 'm sure you 're already thinking of more you can add to this list ( before you print it out and pin it to the fridge . )
Leave them in the comments .
Douglas Crockford .
John Resig .
Peter - Paul Koch . Nicolas C. Zakas .
If you recognize these names , you probably know what they all have in common : they 're amazingly talented JavaScript Developers .
Today , you 'll hear from all of them , in this roundup of JavaScript presentations .
Be ready to stretch your brain !
1 : Javascript : The Good Parts
Length : 1 hour , 3 minutes
Speaker : Douglas Crockford
Slides ( powerpoint )
Is JavaScript a hopeless mess , or a robust and flexible standard ?
In this presentation , Douglas Crockford , the world ’s foremost authroity on JavaScript , will try and convince you that the language is worth your time .
This is a great video , and everyone coming to JavaScript for the first time should watch it !
You might also want to check out Crockford ’s book by the same title .
( Here ’s another instance of the same talk . )
2 : The JavaScript Programming Language
Length : 1 hour , 51 minutes
Speaker : Douglas Crockford
Slides ( zip )
This is the first session in Crockford ’s JavaScript Trilogy .
In this talk , he ’ll walk you through many of the features in JavaScript , as well as discuss the language itself and some JS programming styles .
Here ’s another great watch for newcomers !
3 : An Inconvenient API : The Theory of the DOM
Length : 1 hour , 18 minutes
Speaker : Douglas Crockford
Slides ( zip )
While this video is n’t focused on JavaScript , it ’s the second part of Douglas Crockford ’s JavaScript Trilogy .
You ’ll hear about the browser , why it is the way it is , and a few of the key concepts behind it .
Of course , it ’s all very relevant to JavaScript Developers .
4 : Advanced JavaScript
Length : 1 hour , 7 minutes
Speaker : Douglas Crockford
Slides ( zip )
This is the final installment to Crockford ’s trilogy .
Moving up to advanced concepts , this video will introduce you to topics such as inheritance , debugging , and efficiency .
5 : Games , Performance , TestSwarm
Length : 1 hour , 11 minutes
Speaker : John Resig
Slides ( slideshare )
John Resig , the creator of jQuery , knows what he ’s talking about .
In this presentation , which he gave at JSConf 2009 , he talked about measuring performance in JavaScript ( including an intro to the pros and cons of benchmarking ) , as well as JavaScript games and distributed testing .
6 : Speed Up Your JavaScript
Length : 56 minutes
Speaker : Nicholas C. Zakas
Slides ( slideshare )
Nicolas Zakas is the author of “ Professional JavaScript for Developers ” and co-author of “ Professional Ajax . ”
This talk is all about performance , and you ’ll hear the low down in the areas of scope , data access , loops , and the DOM .
7 : Best Practices in JavaScript Library Design ( or Building a JavaScript Library )
Length : 1 hour , 1 minute
Speaker : John Resig
Slides ( slideshare )
Ever wanted to build your own JavaScript Library ?
John Resig talks about the princples of doing so in this Google Tech Talk .
He covers the whole spectrum from designing a good API to maintaining the library , with implementing , debugging , and testing ( just to name a few ! ) in the middle .
8 : Drop -In JavaScript Performance ( or Perfomance Improvements in Browsers )
Length : 1 hour , 2 minutes
Speaker : John Resig
Slides ( slideshare )
In this video , John Resig goes through some of the latest and greatest in the world of JavaScript and DOM performance .
Although this type of talk goes out of data somewhat quickly ( the browser speed stats are pretty stale ) , there 's still a lot to look forward to here !
9 : JavaScript Events
Length : 55 Minutes
Speaker : Peter - Paul Koch
Slides ( pdf )
Peter - Paul Koch is a professional front - end engineer from the Netherlands .
He 's done an enormous ammount of CSS and JavaScipt browser testing and has published the charts on his website , Quirksmode .
This talk is a JavaScript Events Theory Class given at Yahoo !.
10 : Scalable JavaScript Application Architecture
Length : 52 minutes
Speaker : Nicolas C. Zakas
Slides ( slideshare )
This is a great theory presentation ; Nicolas Zakas talks about JavaScript architecture .
You 'll learn how to separate modules on a page , how to get them to interact with other modules that they do n't know exist , and more JS goodness .
11 : ECMA Harmony and the Future of JavaScript
Length : 1 hour , 6 minutes
Speaker : Brendon Eich
You may not have heard of Brendon Eich before , but he 's the man who started it all : the creator of JavaScript .
In this talk , he goes into a bit of language history , as well as talking about what 's coming in the ECMAScript 5 proposal .
12 : The State and Future of JavaScript
Length : 55 minutes
Speaker : Douglas Crockford
Slides ( powerpoint )
JavaScript has n’t changed in almost a decade ; so what ’s going on ?
In this talk , Douglas Crockford explains some of JavaScript ’s history , the battles fought in the past years , and what the standard could look like in the ( relatively ) near future .
Yes , this is quite similar to Brendan 's talk ( which was actually given the evening before ) , but this one has that Crockford theoretical slant to it .
Others
There are many videos and presentations out there that are n't just about JavaScript , but certainly involve it .
Check these out :
Length : 49 minutes
Speaker : Douglas Crockford
Slides
Length : 23 minutes
Speakers : Isaac Schlueter and Matt Hackett
Length : 56 minutes
Speaker : John Resig
Length : 51 minutes
Speaker : Douglas Crockford
Slides ( slideshare ) and ( powerpoint )
Length : 1 hour , 12 minutes
Speaker : John Resig
Slides ( slideshare )
That 's It !
Well , that 's all I 've got for you today , but I 've probably missed your favourite ; share it in the comments !
Follow us on Twitter , or subscribe to the Nettuts + RSS Feed for the best web development tutorials on the web .
Lloyd Evans has already spent £ 4,000 getting treatment in Switzerland A cancer patient who is receiving treatment in Switzerland claims he is the victim of a health postcode lottery that is likely to cost him thousands .
Lloyd Evans from Newport , was given NHS funding for specialised proton beam therapy , which is not available in the UK , to treat a rare spinal bone cancer .
But unlike patients from England , the 27 - year - old has to pay up to £ 8,000 for his own transport and accommodation .
The assembly government said it does not fund travel expenses .
Such costs for patients in England are NHS - funded , based on an approved accommodation list and travel guidelines , according to Department of Health guidelines .
Mr Evans said the proton beam therapy offered in Switzerland is a much better way of treating his cancer - called chordoma - because it does not leave him at risk of paralysis , which conventional radiotherapy in the UK would .
Perhaps [ if ]
I lived a 30 or 45 minute 's drive over the Severn Bridge , fundraising would n't be an issue
Lloyd Evans
He researched the treatment over the internet and approached health officials after having two operations at the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff , which failed to get rid of the tumour at the base of his skull .
He was approved for the treatment , which costs around £ 90,000 and will be paid for by the NHS in Wales .
Mr Lloyd needs eight weeks of proton beam radiotherapy sessions , one a day , five days a week , at a centre near Basle .
But he said it was an " unfair playing field " that he was having to raise money for his travel and accommodation costs while patients in England did not have to .
" I live in Newport which is a stone 's throw away from the English border , " said Mr Evans , speaking from Switzerland .
" So if perhaps I lived a 30 or 45 minute 's drive over the Severn Bridge fundraising would n't be an issue , putting it on my credit card would n't be an issue .
" And you hear the term postcode lottery .
Until you are faced with having to raise multiple thousands of pounds to go for treatment which is effectively life - prolonging at the age of only 27 , it goes beyond frustration .
It really stinks . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He said he felt like a " charity case " because friends , family and colleagues have been fundraising to help his costs .
But he still faces having a substantial credit card bill , having already spent around £ 4,000 during his first few weeks in Switzerland .
Cath Lindley , general manager for Macmillan Cancer Support in Wales , said the assembly government was " effectively denying him potentially life - saving treatment " .
" If the Welsh Assembly Government is unable to provide this type of specialist treatment in Wales , but agrees to pay for such treatment in another country , then it should be prepared to pay for its citizens to travel and receive this treatment where it is available , " she said .
" If not , we are left with an inequitable two - tier system where those with money will be able to afford to travel to receive treatment and those without will remain denied . "
Survival rate Chordoma is a tumour formed from fragments of formative spine that break off at early foetal stage .
These are generally absorbed as the foetus develops .
But in some instances they develop into cancerous tumours , mainly in young adults , that compress or overwhelm bones and organs as they grow .
Only 20 new cases are recorded in the UK each year .
The average survival rate is seven years .
The assembly government said it did not comment on individual cases .
" While the NHS funds agreed treatment for patients , it does not normally fund associated travel expenses . " a spokesman said .
" However , there are regulations issued by the assembly government that the NHS must follow in relation to providing financial support to patients who are on income support or benefits . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Doctors want to take the one - year - old off the ventilator A fresh medical assessment is to be carried out on a baby boy at the centre of a " right - to - life " legal dispute , a High Court judge heard on Monday .
The one - year - old , known as Baby RB for legal reasons , was born with a rare , genetic muscle condition that makes it hard for him to breathe independently .
The father is fighting a hospital 's attempt - backed by the mother - to withdraw his son's life support .
The father 's lawyers argue that the boy 's brain is unaffected .
This means he can see , hear , interact and play , they say .
Despite having to remain in hospital and being dependent on a ventilator to breathe , he enjoys having stories read to him and listening to music , according to the lawyers .
They are submitting video footage to the court , which they say shows him playing with his toys .
' Tragic case '
The boy 's father believes that his son might be taken off his ventilator and returned home from hospital if surgeons carried out a tracheostomy , which creates an opening in the neck to deliver air to the lungs .
But the hospital says that Baby RB 's quality of life is so low that it would not be in his best interests to try to save him - a move supported by the baby 's mother , who is separated from the father on " amicable " terms .
The father feels very strongly that Baby RB has a quality of life that demands the trust should continue to provide life - sustaining treatment
Solicitor Christopher Cuddihee
The judge heard from the boy 's doctor that he could not carry out a tracheotomy assessment until Saturday .
The baby 's physician said the boy was one of the sickest children he had ever treated .
The judge said the hearing , set for five days , would continue as planned and that he would also hear the doctor 's assessment early next week .
Baby RB was born with congenital myasthenic syndrome and has been in hospital since birth .
An estimated 300 people have CMS in the UK , with varying degrees of severity .
Some who inherited the condition die soon after birth , while others can expect to live a relatively normal life with medication .
Christopher Cuddihee , a solicitor acting for the father , said : " This is a tragic case .
The father feels very strongly that Baby RB has a quality of life that demands the trust should continue to provide life - sustaining treatment . "
But solicitor Michael Mylonas , acting for the hospital , said the trust was seeking permission to withdraw fundamental life support " to allow him a peaceful , calm and dignified death " .
" This is not a decision that clinicians have come to with any haste . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 'll start it off with the first 10 y'all can do the rest .......... no more than 10 per post please .
1. Watch Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
2. Jump off things
3 . Go under water and open your eyes - Its 10 x cooler when stoned
4 . Shoot a gun
5. Watch History Channel about drugs
6 . Walk in the woods during fall or even better , during winter with snow
7. Go on highdeas.com
8 . Talk to your siblings
9 . Draw pictures
10 . Play video games
Monday , October 19 , 2009
A report accidentally published on the Internet provides insight into a secretive European Union surveillance project designed to monitor its citizens , as reported by Wikileaks earlier this month .
Project INDECT aims to mine data from television , internet traffic , cellphone conversations , p2 p file sharing and a range of other sources for crime prevention and threat prediction .
The € 14.68 million project began in January , 2009 , and is scheduled to continue for five years under its current mandate .
The INDECT project logo
INDECT produced the accidentally published report as part of their " Extraction of Information for Crime Prevention by Combining Web Derived Knowledge and Unstructured Data " project , but do not enumerate all potential applications of the search and surveillance technology .
Police are discussed as a prime example of users , with Polish and British forces detailed as active project participants .
INDECT is funded under the European Commission 's Seventh Framework Programme ( FP7 ) , and includes participation from Austria , Bulgaria , Czech Republic , France , Germany , Hungary , Poland , Slovakia , Spain , and the United Kingdom .
Testing Project INDECT 's potential usefulness , and the leaked ' sales - pitch '
Indicated in the initial trial 's report , the scope of data collected is particularly broad ; days of television news , radio , newspapers , and recorded telephone conversations are included .
Several weeks of content from online sources were agglomerated , including mining Wikipedia for users ' and article subjects ' relations with others , organisations , and in - project movements .
Leaked presentation video for Project INDECT .
Watermarking of published digital works such as film , audio , or other documents is discussed in the Project INDECT remit ; its purpose is to integrate and track this information , its movement within the system and across the Internet .
An unreleased promotional video for INDECT located on YouTube is shown to the right .
The simplified example of the system in operation shows a file of documents with a visible INDECT - titled cover taken from an office and exchanged in a car park .
How the police are alerted to the document theft is unclear in the video ; as a " threat " , it would be the INDECT system 's job to predict it .
Throughout the video use of CCTV equipment , facial recognition , number plate reading , and aerial surveillance give friend - or - foe information with an overlaid map to authorities .
The police proactively use this information to coordinate locating , pursuing , and capturing the document recipient .
The file of documents is retrieved , and the recipient roughly detained .
Conclusions , implications , potential investigative journalism impact
Technology research performed as part of Project INDECT has clear use in countering industrial and international espionage , although the potential use in maintaining any security and predicting leaks is much broader .
Quoted in the UK's Daily Telegraph , Liberty 's director , Shami Chakrabarti , described a possible future implementation of INDECT as a " sinister step " with " positively chilling " repercussions Europe - wide .
" It is inevitable that the project has a sensitive dimension due to the security focussed goals of the project , " Suresh Manandhar , leader of the University of York researchers involved in the " Work Package 4 " INDECT component , responded to Wikinews .
" However , it is important to bear in mind that the scientific methods are much more general and has wider applications .
The project will most likely have lot of commercial potential .
The project has an Ethics board to oversee the project activities .
As a responsible scientists [ sic ] it is of utmost importance to us that we conform to ethical guidelines . "
HAVE YOUR SAY
Should the EU carry out this research without a wider public debate ?
Add or view comments
Although Wikinews attempted to contact Professor Helen Petrie of York University , the local member of Project INDECT 's Ethics board , no response was forthcoming .
The professor 's area of expertise is universal access , and she has authored a variety of papers on web - accessibility for blind and disabled users .
A full list of the Ethics board members is unavailable , making their suitability unassessable and distancing them from public accountability .
One potential application of Project INDECT would be implementation and enforcement of the U.K. 's " MoD Manual of Security " .
The 2,389 - page 2001 version passed to Wikileaks this month — commonly known as JSP - 440 , and marked " RESTRICTED " — goes into considerable detail on how , as a serious threat , investigative journalists should be monitored , and effectively thwarted ; just the scenario the Project INDECT video could be portraying .
When approached by Wikinews about the implications of using INDECT , a representative of the U.K. 's Attorney General declined to comment on legal checks and balances such a system might require .
Further U.K. enquiries were eventually referred to the Police Service of Northern Ireland , who have not yet responded .
E.F.F.
Europe reacts
Wikinews ' Brian McNeil contacted Eddan Katz , the International Affairs Director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( E.F.F . ) .
Katz last spoke to Wikinews in early 2008 on copyright , not long after taking his current position with the E.F.F .
He was back in Brussels to speak to EU officials , Project INDECT was on his agenda too — having learned of it only two weeks earlier .
Katz linked Project INDECT with a September report , NeoConopticon —
The EU Security - Industrial Complex , authored by Ben Hayes for the Transnational Institute .
The report raises serious questions about the heavy involvement of defence and IT companies in " security research " .
On the record , Katz answered a few questions for Wikinews .
(( WN ) )
Is this illegal ?
Is this an invasion of privacy ?
Spying on citizens ?
Eddan Katz
When the European Parliament issued the September 5 , 2001 report on the American ECHELON system they knew such an infrastructure is in violation of data protection law , undermines the values of privacy and is the first step towards a totalitarian surveillance information society .
(( WN ) )
Who is making the decisions based on this information , about what ?
E.K .
What 's concerning to such a large extent is the fact that the projects seem to be agnostic to that question .
These are the searching systems and those people that are working on it in these research labs do search technology anyway . [...] but its inclusion in a database and its availability to law enforcement and its simultaneity of application that 's so concerning , [...] because the people who built it are n't thinking about those questions , and the social questions , and the political questions , and all this kind of stuff . [...
It ] seems like it 's intransparent , unaccountable .
The E.U. report Katz refers to was ratified just six days before the September 11 attacks that brought down the twin towers of the World Trade Center .
In their analysis of the never - officially - recognised U.S. Echelon spy system it states , " [ i ] n principle , activities and measures undertaken for the purposes of state security or law enforcement do not fall within the scope of the EC Treaty . "
On privacy and data - protection legislation enacted at E.U. level it comments , " [ such does ] not apply to ' the processing of data / activities concerning public security , defence , state security ( including the economic well - being of the state when the activities relate to state security matters ) and the activities of the state in areas of criminal law ' " .
Part of the remit in their analysis of Echelon was rumours of ' commercial abuse ' of intelligence ; " [ i ] f a Member State were to promote the use of an interception system , which was also used for industrial espionage , by allowing its own intelligence service to operate such a system or by giving foreign intelligence services access to its territory for this purpose , it would undoubtedly constitute a breach of EC law [...] activities of this kind would be fundamentally at odds with the concept of a common market underpinning the EC Treaty , as it would amount to a distortion of competition " .
Ben Hayes ' NeoConoptiocon report , in a concluding section , " Following the money " , states , " [ w ] hat is happening in practice is that multinational corporations are using the ESRP [ European Seventh Research Programme ] to promote their own profit - driven agendas , while the EU is using the programme to further its own security and defence policy objectives .
As suggested from the outset of this report , the kind of security described above represents a marriage of unchecked police powers and unbridled capitalism , at the expense of the democratic system . "
Related news
Sources
This article is a featured article .
It is considered one of the best works of the Wikinews community .
See Wikinews : Featured articles for more information .
Et usikret forbrukslån er prosentvis dyrere enn flere andre lånetyper , spesielt sammenlignet med boliglån og lån der banken tar pant i et formuesobjekt .
Nøyaktig hvor mye forbrukslånet koster avhenger av flere ting .
Bankene opererer selvsagt med ulike betingelser , men den største faktoren ligger i det at alle søknader om forbrukslån bli behandlet hver for seg , inklusive fastsettelse av rentetilbud .
To personer kan med andre ord søke om akkurat like stort lån hos samme bank , og få helt ulike betingelser .
Rentebetingelser basert på individuell vurdering
Bankenes vurdering av søkerens kredittverdighet bestemmer ikke bare om de vil yte lånet , men også hva slags renter de kommer til å tilby .
Her er det den enkeltes kredittscore som avgjør .
Personer med høy kredittscore , som dermed anses som mer kredittverdige , får bedre rentetilbud enn de med lav kredittscore .
Faktorene som påvirker din kredittscore er mange , men de viktigste er alderen din , inntekten i forhold til gjelden ( betalingsevnen ) og betalingshistorikken din .
Er du konsekvent sen med å betale regninger , pådrar deg inkassosaker eller rettslige inndrivninger , vil kredittscoren din lide kraftig , og du får vanskeligheter med både å få lån , samt dårligere rentebetingelser på forbrukslån .
Nominelle renter på forbrukslån
Nominelle renter er de rentene som banken oppgir i reklamemateriell .
Dette er den årlige prosentsatsen som du betaler for å låne pengene av banken , men uten at alle gebyrer er regnet inn .
På forbrukslån fastsettes alts å disse etter en individuell kredittvurdering når du søker .
Derfor får kanskje naboen din dårligere renter enn deg , selv om banken er den samme , og dere søkte om akkurat like mye penger , med like lang tilbakebetalingstid .
En person med god betalingshistorikk og kredittscore , vil kunne få nominelle renter på et forbrukslån helt nede i mellom 6 % og 7 % .
Dette vil være meget billig tatt i betraktning at banken ikke krever sikkerhet for lånet .
En person med ” medium ” kredittscore vil kanskje få nominelle renter på i overkant av 10 % , mens en som akkurat faller innenfor og får lån , men som har dårlig kredittscore , vil få lånetilbud med dyre renter enn dette .
Effektive renter er de reelle kostnadene
Effektive renter er de nominelle pluss etableringsgebyret og samtlige terminomkostninger .
Dette er den prosentsatsen du egentlig betaler til banken som kompensasjon for å få et forbrukslån .
De effektive rentene blir dermed lavere jo lengre nedbetalingstid du velger , fordi kostnadene for gebyrene spres på flere måneder .
Totalsummen vil uansett øke jo lengre tid det beregnes renter på et forbrukslån .
Låner du en lav sum , vil de effektive rentene dermed bli høye ( gebyrene vil utgjøre en høyere andel av totalsummen ) .
Med andre ord er det totalkostnadene den dagen du har nedbetalt lånet som du må sammenligne .
Laveste totalkostnader betyr det billigste forbrukslånet .
Se forøvrig også Lanpadagen.net for info om renter .
Etableringsgebyr og terminomkostninger
Nesten alle lån belastes med et etableringsgebyr , eller et gebyr som har samme funksjon men med et annet navn .
Dette er ment for å dekke bankens administrative kostnader for å opprette lånet .
Enkelte banker tilbyr forbrukslån uten etableringsgebyr , av forskjellige årsaker .
De minste forbrukslånene , eller mer korrekt kalt mikrolån eller smålån , fra banker Ferratum , har ingen etableringsgebyr .
Dette betyr ikke at lånet er billig , da slike banker ofte tar mer enn godt nok igjen på høye renter .
En annen bank verdt å nevne er Santander Consumer Bank , som tilbyr vanlige forbrukslån på inntil 350 000 kroner .
Søker du om forbrukslån på under 75 000 fra denne banken , slipper du gebyret , mens rentebetingelsene blir beregnet som vanlig .
Terminomkostningene på et forbrukslån varierer også alt ettersom hvilken bank du velger .
Det vanlige er at gebyret ligger på 45 kroner per månedlig innbetaling .
Men , dette avhenger av hvilken måte du mottar fakturaen på .
De fleste banker tar et slikt gebyr dersom du mottar papirfaktura , mens stadig flere går bort fra gebyret om du mottar det elektronisk , ved såkalt eFaktura .
Smålån er dyrest
Kostnadene ved et forbrukslån er normalt prosentvis høyest for de minste lånene .
Dette er naturlig i og med at den totale verdien av kompensasjonen ikke kan være prosentvis lik det som gjelder for store lån .
Derfor ser ofte de effektive rentene ganske drøye ut på lån til for eksempel 5 000 kroner , mens totalkostnadene blir mer spiselige .
Likeledes ser prosenttallet mer hyggelig ut dersom du låner flere hundre tusen kroner , men totalkostnadene blir ofte høye , spesielt om du låner over lang tid .
Slik får du lavere kostnader på forbrukslån
Det er primært to ting som gjelder dersom man vil kutte kostnadene på et usikret forbrukslån .
Det første er å betale tilbake så snart man kan .
Dette gjelder alle former for lån , men prioriteten bør alltid være på det lånet som koster mest .
Normalt er det nettopp usikrede lån som har de høyeste rentebetingelsene .
Derfor kan det for eksempel lønne seg å ha avdragsfrihet på lån som Studielån , mens man bruker de ekstra midlene til å banke ned lån som er dyrere .
Man kan også forbedre rentebetingelsene direkte på et forbrukslån , ikke bare ved å sammenligne tilbudene .
Se også bestforbrukslån. net for tip og info om dette .
I og med at rentene fastsettes basert på din kredittscore , er det om å gjøre å sørge for at denne er best mulig .
På lengre sikt vil det lønne seg å ikke skifte registrert adresse ( Folkeregisteret ) for ofte , noe som er en av faktorene .
Det er også viktig å unngå å ha eierskap eller styreverv i organisasjoner og selskap som har betalingsvansker , samt holde sin egen økonomiske sti ren for blemmer .
Det siste fordrer at man unngår inkassosaker , har lav eller ingen gjeld til kredittselskaper , betaler regninger i tide og viser bankene at man ellers har orden på økonomien .
Kilder :
http://www.abcnyheter.no/nyheter/2008/11/17/77725/hva-koster-et-lan
https://www.danskebank.no/nb-no/Privat/Laan/boliglaan/Pages/andre-kostnader-ved-lan.aspx
http://www.forbrukslånsiden.com
Millions of Americans watched President Barack Obama 's speech last night to a joint session of Congress .
Much of it was familiar , having been delivered in at least 111 speeches , town halls , radio addresses and other appearances on health care .
But his most revealing remarks on the topic came on Monday , at a Labor Day union picnic in Cincinnati .
There Mr. Obama accused critics of his health reforms of spreading " lies " and said opponents want " to do nothing . "
These false charges do not reveal a spirit of bipartisanship nor do they create a foundation for dialogue .
It is more like what you 'd say if you are planning to jam through a bill without compromise .
Which is exactly what Mr. Obama is about to attempt .
Team Obama is essentially asking congressional Democrats to take a huge gamble .
The White House is arguing that ramming through a controversial bill is safer for Democrats than not passing anything .
This is based on the false premise that the death of HillaryCare is what doomed Democrats in 1994 .
Mr. Obama told a reporter in July that the defeat of Hillary Care " Helped [ Republicans ] regain the House . "
Former President Bill Clinton echoed that thought recently by saying " doing nothing " today is " the worst thing we can do for the Democrats . "
Actually , attempting to pass HillaryCare is what brought down the party .
Voters rejected a massively complicated , hugely expensive government takeover of health care and the Democrats who pushed it .
In reality , it is riskier to be at odds with where Americans are than just standing by as an unpopular proposal goes down .
The problem for Democrats is they are scaring voters by proposing a takeover of health care that spends too much money , creates too much debt , gives Washington too much power , and takes too much decision - making away from doctors and patients .
In 2018 , car buying advice can be found just about anywhere on the internet .
But how do you know which advice is solid and truthful .
Many dealerships published blogs nowadays that help you better understand car makes and models , but do they really tell you everything you need to know about financing vehicle ?
Probably not .
The thing is , you need to know about financing when it comes to buying a car so you do n’t end up upside down on a loan or trade in , as well as in a car that you simply can’t afford .
So where do you look to find comprehensive car buying advice ?
The most comprehensive website on the internet to date for cars is none other than cars.com .
Cars.com gives you a wealth of information that helps you better understand cars from both a customer perspective and an expert perspective .
They ’re expert technicians regularly go out into the field and test things like car seat safety , as well as how to fit certain car seats in cars , as well as other safety features .
They also look at the features on cars that are most attractive to buyers these days .
Why ?
Because they want to give you the best buying experience you can when it comes to buying a car .
Looking For New Cars ?
Here ’s a place to start : Cars.com Best of 2018 Awards .
When you want to know everything about 2018 cars , cars.com is the place to go .
Cars.com also regularly publishes articles about auto shows .
What is shows are another great place to start when looking for new cars that have just been released by manufacturer .
Some of these cars are n’t even on the lot yet , so it ’s a great way to get to know cars that have just come out .
Auto shows are also amazing because it ’s a great way to get hands - on with a vehicle without having the pressure of a salesperson trying to get you into the ride .
Salespeople can come off a little pushy when it comes to visiting a dealership .
Cars.com helps you avoid that pressure by giving you great tools to help you better understand a vehicle before you test drive it .
Those tools also include a smartphone app .
There are two apps offered on cars.com .
The cars.com on the go app and the cars.com quick offer app .
The cars.com on the go app actually helps you buy with ease .
When you download the app you could go to a dealership and get instant pricing information on your phone without speaking to a salesperson .
The quick offer app is great for those who want to sell their old ride .
You can list your car easily on the quick offer app and often sell it within as little as 24 hours .
These tools alone are what makes cars.com the best car buying advice for those who want to buy a new or used car in 2018 .
In the documentary Psychology professor Richard Lynn from the University of Ulster will say there is a global " league table " , using evidence from IQ tests , to claim that intelligence is linked to race , with north - east Asians in the top tier and Australian aborigines at the bottom .
He says on the programme that African IQs “ do n’t rise up to the same level as Europeans ” .
The Ohio lawman faces 10 years in prison for stealing documents and an ultrasound photo
An Ohio police chief accused of stealing items from the surrogate mom who carried Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick ’s twin daughters was found guilty Monday on three of six charges .
Martin ’s Ferry Police Chief Barry Carpenter , 40 , along with another police chief , was accused of meeting with freelance photographers last May and offering items such as a poem , photos , legal documents about the surrogacy agreement , and pictures of ultrasounds .
A photographer alerted the surrogacy agency , which reported the thefts to police .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
After 12 hours of deliberation , a jury found Carpenter guilty of receiving stolen property , theft in office and tampering with evidence .
He was found not guilty on two counts of burglary and one count of unauthorized use of property or services .
RELATED : Read more about celebs in court
Carpenter , who was silent and held his head in his hands as the decisions were read , faces up to 10 years in prison at his sentencing Dec. 10 .
Until then , he must wear a home confinement device at his mother ’s home and will be tracked with a GPS device .
Michelle Ross , a 26 - year old single mother , gave birth to the twins in Martin ’s Ferry last June by emergency C-section .
She was one of the last witnesses to testify in Carpenter ’s trial .
Carpenter has publicly maintained he only went into the house to secure the premises after noticing a door ajar .
He claims he did not take anything from the house and that his discussions about meeting with photographers , which were caught on tape , were just him joking around .
“ I stand by what I say .
I did n’t burglarize no home , ” Carpenter said in a videotaped interview with investigators , which was presented in court .
“ I do n’t want to give up a 17 - year police career for something that was a joke . ”
What is it ?
Googsystray is a system tray app for Google Voice , GMail , Google Calendar , Google Reader , and Google Docs .
The idea is to be able to keep track of all that stuff without having to keep a bunch of browser tabs open , or constantly checking them .
It notifies on new messages , alerts , etc. , and provides basic services quickly ( Reading or sending a new SMS message , or marking an email read , for example . )
What systems are supported ?
Googsystray will run on Win XP / Vista /7/etc with no dependencies ( self - installing executable ) , and any Linux distribution with Python and pygtk installed .
You will , of course , need to have a system tray .
It will also run on Windows 2 k , but see the FAQ for details .
Translators Wanted
If you speak fluent English and another language , and would like to volunteer to help translate googsystray , give me a shout at jim.duchek@gmail.com .
Basically , it entails translating every string used in the program ( a fairly sizable effort ) , and for later versions , updating any new / changed strings .
Currently , I have translators for : Chinese ( Simplified ) Spanish Japanese French Italian German Russian Dutch
And I most need translators for ( judging by site analytics ) : Chinese ( Traditional ) Turkish Portuguese
Any other languages are appreciated , of course .
News 2010 - 12 - 22 : Version 1.3.1 released .
Bugfixes , updated Italian translation .
2010 - 12-13 : Version 1.3.0 released .
Bugfixes , better calendar support , contacts support .
New Tasks support !
2010 -08 - 29 : Version 1.2.4 released .
More bugfix .
2010 - 08 - 24 : Version 1.2.3 released .
Version problems -- will only affect the Windows build .
2010 -08 - 23 : Version 1.2.2 released .
I 'm an idiot . :)
2010 -08 - 23 : Version 1.2.1 released .
Mostly bugfixes , but I 've removed Wave support .
It was always pretty wonky and with Wave being discontinued , it made sense .
2010 -06 - 21 : Version 1.2.0 released .
Finally !
It does n't have everything I intended for it , but I had to get it out eventually to start getting some feedback .
Tons of new goodies , Snarl support , Docs support , and several new language translations .
2010 -04-08 : From Leon Keijser : After 2 weeks of testing , and no negative comments , i have pushed the googsystray RPM to the stable repositories .
Within a day or 2 - 3 , all mirrors should pick up the changes and people running either Fedora 12 ( current stable ) or Fedora 13 ( now in beta testing ) can issue :
$ yum install googsystray
2010 -01-05 : Version 1.1.4 released .
Bugfix on setting ' run command ' or ' enable sound ' for multiple accounts .
Win2 k fix ( see FAQ ) 2010 -01- 02 : Version 1.1.2 released .
Minor bugfixes .
2009 - 12 - 28 : Version 1.1.0 released .
Multiple accounts support , Google Apps support , Chinese language support , and a ton of other new goodies .
2009 - 12 - 17 : Version 1.0.3 released .
Windows XP library bugfix -- Linux users still get 1.0.2 .
2009 - 12 - 14 : Version 1.0.2 released .
Another ' run command ' fix .
2009 - 12 - 12 : Version 1.0.1 released .
Some Windows 7 bugfixes , as well as a fix for the ' run command ' bug .
2009 -12-02 : Version 1.0.0 released .
Minor bugfixes .
Current support Google Voice is the most feature - filled service at the moment .
There 's almost no reason to ever go to the ' actual ' GV page .
You can hit a hotkey and pop up a ' new SMS ' dialog , and of course replying to unread SMS is already in there .
There 's no current support for listening to voicemails , although you can see the transcripts .
GMail support is limited .
GST is able to monitor your Inbox and any other labels you choose , notify you of new emails , and let you know how many unread emails you have in each label .
You 're also able to mark messages read , spam , or delete them .
Google Calendar support is limited to notifications on upcoming events ( if you 've set an alert on the actual Google Calendar page .
Google Reader support is limited to notifications on new RSS articles .
It supports a ' low water mark ' -- that is , it wo n't notify you until the number of unread articles has reached a configurable point .
I find it 's very helpful in managing my feeds without either getting overwhelmed , or wasting time checking it constantly .
Google
Wave support supplies notifications for new / unread waves , and a short preview .
Roadmap ( Tentative ) 1.2 --
By popular demand , the 1.2 minor release series will be about popup notifications , via pynotify on Linux ( which works with notifyOSD as well as older notification systems ) , Snarl and Growl support for Windows , and a native system for those who do n't want to install a notification daemon .
1.3 -- Will probably be aiming for the ability to read the full body of emails .
1.4 -- More than likely an attempt to bring in some real Calendar support , more than just simply reminders .
Three American hikers who were arrested in Iran this summer after straying across its border with Iraq have been accused of spying , an Iranian state news agency reported on Monday .
The Tehran prosecutor told Iran ’s official IRNA news agency that the Iranian authorities were pursuing espionage charges against the Americans , who were detained in late July after trekking through the Kurdistan region of Iraq and toward the Iranian border .
News of the spying accusations drew a quick rebuke from the White House and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton , with each reiterating calls for the Iranians to release the hikers , Shane M. Bauer , 27 , of Emeryville , Calif . ; Joshua F. Fattal , 27 , of Cottage Grove , Ore. ; and Sarah E. Shourd , 31 , of Oakland , Calif .
“ We believe strongly that there is no evidence to support any charge whatsoever , ” Mrs. Clinton told reporters in Berlin .
“ And we would renew our request on behalf of these three young people and their families that the Iranian government exercise compassion and release them so they can return home . ”
The White House press secretary , Robert Gibbs , said the three were innocent .
It was unclear whether Iran had formally filed legal action against the hikers , or whether prosecutors were merely leveling accusations for public consumption .
The Persian word used by the chief prosecutor who discussed the case can mean either “ charged ” or “ accused ” in English .
As the evidence of fraud at the University of East Anglia 's prestigious Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) continues to mount , those who 've been caught green - handed continue to parry their due opprobrium and comeuppance , thanks primarily to a dead - silent mainstream media .
But should the hubris and duplicity evident in the e-mails of those whose millennial temperature charts literally fuel the warming alarmism movement somehow fail to convince the world of the scam that 's been perpetrated , certainly these revelations of the fraud cooked into the computer programs that create such charts will .
First , let 's briefly review a few pertinent details .
We reported on Saturday that among the most revealing of the " hacked " e-mails released last week was one dated November 1999 , in which CRU chief P.D. Jones wrote these words to Hockey - Stick - Team leaders Michael Mann , Raymond Bradley , and Malcolm Hughes :
I ’ve just completed Mike ’s Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( ie from 1981 onwards ) amd ( sic ) from 1961 for Keith ’s to hide the decline .
Predictably , the suggestion of a climate - related data - adjusting " trick " being employed by such alarmist bellwethers ten years ago instantly raised more than a few eyebrows .
And with similar alacrity , the Big Green Scare Machine shifted into CYA gear .
Almost immediately after the news hit on Friday , Jones told Investigative Magazine ’s TGIF Edition [ PDF ] that he " had no idea " what he might have meant by the words " hide the decline " a decade prior :
They ’re talking about the instrumental data which is unaltered – but they 're talking about proxy data going further back in time , a thousand years , and it 's just about how you add on the last few years , because when you get proxy data you sample things like tree rings and ice cores , and they do n’t always have the last few years .
So one way is to add on the instrumental data for the last few years .
Baloney .
Mere hours later , Jones 's warmist soulmates at RealClimate offered an entirely different explanation :
The paper in question is the Mann , Bradley and Hughes ( 1998 ) Nature paper on the original multiproxy temperature reconstruction , and the " trick " is just to plot the instrumental records along with reconstruction so that the context of the recent warming is clear .
Scientists often use the term " trick " to refer to " a good way to deal with a problem " , rather than something that is " secret " , and so there is nothing problematic in this at all .
As for the " decline " , it is well known that Keith Briffa ’s maximum latewood tree ring density proxy diverges from the temperature records after 1960 ( this is more commonly known as the " divergence problem " – see e.g. the recent discussion in this paper ) and has been discussed in the literature since Briffa et al in Nature in 1998 ( Nature , 391 , 678-682 ) .
Those authors have always recommend not using the post 1960 part of their reconstruction , and so while " hiding " is probably a poor choice of words ( since it is " hidden " in plain sight ) , not using the data in the plot is completely appropriate , as is further research to understand why this happens .
And later that day , Jean S. at Climate Audit explained the reality of the quandary .
In order to smooth a timed series , it 's necessary to pad it beyond the end - time .
But it seems that however hard they tried , when MBH plotted instrumental data against their tree ring reconstructions , no smoothing method would ever undo the fact that after 1960 , the tree ring series pointed downward while the instrumental series pointed upward -- hence the divergence :
So Mann ’s solution [ Mike ’s Nature Trick ] was to use the instrumental record for padding [ both ] , which changes the smoothed series to point upwards .
So the author of the email claimed the " trick " was to add instrumental measurements for years beyond available proxy data , his co-conspirators at Real Climate admitted it was actually a replacement of proxy data due to a known yet inexplicable post - 1960 " divergence " anomaly , and CA called it what it was -- a cheat .
The next day , the UEA spoke out for the first time on the subject when its first related press - release was posted to its homepage .
And Jones demonstrated to the world the benefits a good night 's sleep imparts to one 's memory , though not one 's integrity :
The word " trick " was used here colloquially as in a clever thing to do .
It is ludicrous to suggest that it refers to anything untoward .
Tick - tock .
Of course , RealClimate also avowed there was " no evidence of the falsifying of data " in the emails .
But as Jones chose not to walk back his statement that the " tricks " were rarely exercised , and even assured us that he was " refer[ring ] to one diagram -- not a scientific paper , " his explanation remained at odds with that of his virtual confederates at RC .
And as Jones must have known at the time , such would prove to be the very least of CRU 's problems .
Getting with the Green Program(s )
One can only imagine the angst suffered daily by the co-conspirators , who knew full well that the " Documents " sub - folder of the CRU FOI2009 file contained more than enough probative program source code to unmask CRU 's phantom methodology .
In fact , there are hundreds of IDL and FORTRAN source files buried in dozens of subordinate sub-folders .
And many do properly analyze and chart maximum latewood density ( MXD ) , the growth parameter commonly utilized by CRU scientists as a temperature proxy , from raw or legitimately normalized data .
Ah , but many do so much more .
Skimming through the often spaghetti - like code , the number of programs which subject the data to a mixed - bag of transformative and filtering routines is simply staggering .
Granted , many of these " alterations " run from benign smoothing algorithms ( e.g. , omitting rogue outliers ) to moderate infilling mechanisms ( e.g. , estimating missing station data from that of those closely surrounding ) .
But many others fall into the precarious range between highly questionable ( removing MXD data which demonstrate poor correlations with local temperature ) to downright fraudulent ( replacing MXD data entirely with measured data to reverse a disorderly trend - line ) .
In fact , workarounds for the post - 1960 " divergence problem , " as described by both RealClimate and Climate Audit , can be found throughout the source code .
So much so that perhaps the most ubiquitous programmer 's comment ( REM ) I ran across warns that the particular module " Uses ' corrected ' MXD - but should n't usually plot past 1960 because these will be artificially adjusted to look closer to the real temperatures . "
What exactly is meant by " corrected ” MXD , " you ask ?
Outstanding question -- and the answer appears amorphous from program to program .
Indeed , while some employ one or two of the aforementioned " corrections , " others throw everything but the kitchen sink at the raw data prior to output .
For instance , in the subfolder " osborn - tree6 mannoldprog , " there ’s a program ( Calibrate_mxd.pro ) that calibrates the MXD data against available local instrumental summer ( growing season ) temperatures between 1911 - 1990 , then merges that data into a new file .
That file is then digested and further modified by another program ( Pl_calibmxd1.pro ) , which creates calibration statistics for the MXD against the stored temperature and " estimates " ( infills ) figures where such temperature readings were not available .
The file created by that program is modified once again by Pl_Decline . pro , which " corrects it " – as described by the author -- by " identifying " and " artificially " removing " the decline . "
But oddly enough , the series does n’t begin its " decline adjustment " in 1960 -- the supposed year of the enigmatic " divergence . "
In fact , all data between 1930 and 1994 are subject to " correction . "
And such games are by no means unique to the folder attributed to Michael Mann .
A Clear and Present Rearranger
In two other programs , briffa_Sep98_d.pro and briffa_Sep98_e.pro , the " correction " is bolder by far .
The programmer ( Keith Briffa ? ) entitled the " adjustment " routine “ Apply a VERY ARTIFICAL correction for decline !! ”
And he or she was n't kidding .
Now IDL is not a native language of mine , but its syntax is similar enough to others I 'm familiar with , so please bear with me while I get a tad techie on you .
Here 's the " fudge factor " ( notice the brash SOB actually called it that in his REM statement ) :
yrloc= [ 1400 , findgen ( 19 ) * 5.+1904 ]
valadj = [ 0.,0.,0.,0.,0. , -0.1, -0.25,-0.3,0. , -0.1,0.3,0.8,1.2,1.7,2.5,2.6,2.6,2.6,2.6,2.6]*0.75 ; fudge factor
These two lines of code establish a twenty - element array ( yrloc ) comprising the year 1400 ( base year , but not sure why needed here ) and nineteen years between 1904 and 1994 in half - decade increments .
Then the corresponding " fudge factor " ( from the valadj matrix ) is applied to each interval .
As you can see , not only are temperatures biased to the upside later in the century ( though certainly prior to 1960 ) , but a few mid-century intervals are being biased slightly lower .
That , coupled with the post - 1930 restatement we encountered earlier , would imply that in addition to an embarrassing false decline experienced with their MXD after 1960 ( or earlier ) , CRU's " divergence problem " also includes a minor false incline after 1930 .
And the former apparently was n't a particularly well - guarded secret , although the actual adjustment period remained buried beneath the surface .
Plotting programs such as data4alps.pro print this reminder to the user prior to rendering the chart :
IMPORTANT NOTE :
The data after 1960 should not be used .
The tree -ring density records tend to show a decline after 1960 relative to the summer temperature in many high - latitude locations .
In this data set this " decline " has been artificially removed in an ad - hoc way , and this means that data after 1960 no longer represent tree - ring density variations , but have been modified to look more like the observed temperatures .
Others , such as mxdgrid2ascii.pro , issue this warning :
NOTE : recent decline in tree - ring density has been ARTIFICIALLY REMOVED to facilitate calibration .
THEREFORE , post -1960 values will be much closer to observed temperatures then ( sic ) they should be which will incorrectly imply the reconstruction is more skilful than it actually is .
See Osborn et al. ( 2004 ) .
Care to offer another explanation , Dr. Jones ?
Gotcha
Clamoring alarmists can and will spin this until they 're dizzy .
The ever - clueless mainstream media can and will ignore this until it 's forced upon them as front - page news , and then most will join the alarmists on the denial merry - go - round .
But here 's what ’s undeniable :
If a divergence exists between measured temperatures and those derived from dendrochronological data after ( circa ) 1960 , then discarding only the post - 1960 figures is disingenuous , to say the least .
The very existence of a divergence betrays a potential serious flaw in the process by which temperatures are reconstructed from tree - ring density .
If it 's bogus beyond a set threshold , then any honest man of science would instinctively question its integrity prior to that boundary .
And only the lowliest would apply a hack in order to produce a desired result .
And to do so without declaring as such in a footnote on every chart in every report in every study in every book in every classroom on every website that such a corrupt process is relied upon is not just a crime against science , it ’s a crime against mankind .
Indeed , miners of the CRU folder have unearthed dozens of e-mail threads and supporting documents revealing much to loathe about this cadre of hucksters and their vile intentions .
This veritable goldmine has given us tales ranging from evidence destruction to spitting on the Freedom of Information Act on both sides of the Atlantic .
But the now - irrefutable evidence that alarmists have indeed been cooking the data for at least a decade may be the most important strike in human history .
Advocates of the global governance / financial redistribution sought by the United Nations at Copenhagen in two weeks , and also those of the expanded domestic governance / financial redistribution sought by Liberal politicians , both substantiate their drastic proposals with the pending climate emergency predicted in the reports of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
Kyoto , Waxman - Markey , Kerry - Boxer , EPA regulation of the very substances of life -- all bad policy concepts enabled solely by IPCC reports .
And the IPCC in turn bases those reports largely on the data and charts provided by the research scientists at CRU -- largely from tree ring data -- who just happen to be editors and lead authors of that same U.N. panel .
Bottom line : CRU 's evidence is now irrevocably tainted .
As such , all assumptions based on that evidence must now be reevaluated and readjudicated .
And all policy based on those counterfeit assumptions must also be reexamined .
Gotcha .
We know they 've been lying all along , and now we can prove it .
It 's time to bring sanity back to this debate .
Am guessing its called Rage also due to the fact that large corporation sent Player X to destroy said mutants , when in the end it was the large corporation who had created the mutants from people who disagreed with their heavy handed ways with their draconian society .
Player X realizes the error of his ways and becomes the RAGE that goes against the machine .
See look its stuff hollywood hits are made of !
Republicans are concerned that President Obama ’s “ czars ” may be working in violation of the Constitution .
Of course , as White House spokesman Robert Gibbs notes during his briefing , those same Republicans did n’t mind when previous Republican administrations had czars .
( In fact , one press account says czars went al the way back to FDR , and Reagan and the Bush boys had em too ) .
And even GOP Senators themselves had proposed more czars .
Then the GOP said , it ’s not having czars per se ( though some of them think it ’s unconstitutional – now ) , rather it ’s that you have too many czars .
Funny , then , that Wikipedia counts George W Bush as having more czars than Barack Obama ( and they list them by name on the page ) .
The Washington Post confirms it .
I think what ’s going on here is that the GOP realizes , unfortunately for us and them , that the only traction they ’ve gotten lately has been with their crazy teabaggers – the people who think Obama was n’t born in the US , who yell during joint sessions of Congress , who think the administration is full of communists , etc .
And what a perfect way to gin up the crazies even more than to suggest that Obama is the first president to have czars .
After all , the Russians had czars , and the Russians were communists .
I ’m actually quite serious .
Nothing makes the crazies crazier than talking about communists .
And the GOP , realizing that all it has left are the crazies , is feeding their frenzy in a rather dangerous manner .
At some point , some Republican nutjob , who ’s been told repeatedly that his government is being handed over to the Soviets , is going to pick up a gun .
Here is Gibbs :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7O9FHy_GEI]
HEMPSTEAD , N.Y. , May 7 ( UPI ) --
Authorities in New York state said a man searching his pockets for a summons in a courtroom dropped a bag of marijuana onto an officer 's shoe .
Nassau County District Attorney spokesman Eric Phillips said Desmond Kelly , 28 , was being arraigned at First District Court in Hempstead , N.Y. , on a motor vehicle violation when the judge asked Kelley if he had the original traffic ticket , the New York Post reported Thursday .
Advertisement
Phillips said Kelly " reached into his pocket and took out the ticket .
At that time , a small bag of marijuana fell out and landed on top of the shoe of a court officer . "
The spokesman said the officer shouted " ' You 're under arrest ! ' and the audience in court gasped . "
Kelly was immediately arraigned on the drug possession charge .
Oxford University has slipped down an international league table of the world 's top universities which also reveals the advance of academia in Asia that will soon pose a challenge to the Ivy League and Oxbridge .
Oxford fell from fourth to joint fifth place with Imperial College London in the QS / Times Higher Education rankings , published today , widening the gap with Cambridge which was rated second in the world .
University College London ( UCL ) leapfrogged Oxford coming fourth after Yale , Cambridge and Harvard .
Overall the UK still punches above its weight , second only to the US .
It has four out of the top 10 slots and 18 in the top 100 .
But there has been a significant fall in the number of North American universities in the top 100 , from 42 in 2008 to 36 in 2009 .
The number of Asian universities in the top 100 increased from 14 to 16 .
The University of Tokyo , at 22 , is the highest ranked Asian university , ahead of the University of Hong Kong at 24 .
Leading UK universities said institutions in Japan , South Korea and Hong Kong were " snapping at the heels " of western institutions arguing they needed more funding to compete on the global stage .
Earlier this week the outgoing vice - chancellor of Oxford warned the university needs more than £ 1bn investment in the next decade to bring " unfit for purpose " facilities up to a world - class standard .
John
Hood said the university was budgeting to make a loss for the fourth year in a row .
" From a financial perspective these are genuinely worrying times , " he said .
" Government budgets are over - stressed and endowments are extremely volatile , as are the markets for our entrepreneurial activities .
" Yesterday Oxford expressed surprise at its fall in the table .
A spokesperson said : " League table rankings can vary as they often use different methods to measure success , but Oxford University 's position is surprising given that Oxford … has come first in every national league table . "
The rankings are based on an international survey of 9,000 academics , how influential the institution 's research is and measures of teaching quality and ability to recruit staff and students abroad .
Wendy Piatt , director general of the Russell Group of Universities , said : " The broad message of these tables is clear – the leading UK research universities are held in high esteem internationally but countries like China and Korea , which are investing massively in their best institutions , are snapping at our heels .
" The precise accuracy of league tables like this can be debated but there is no mistaking the alarm bell warning that our success is at risk if we as a nation do n't take action to fight off such fierce competition . "
She added that the UK was less well - funded than its competitors and if public spending cuts hit budgets they would be under increasing pressure .
Universities are currently arguing for improved funding in a forthcoming review of the student finance system , to be launched by the government within weeks .
They are increasingly calling for fees to be increased to safeguard the quality of their teaching .
The league table rates teaching quality according to the staff to student ratio .
A recent report by the Higher Education Funding Council for England suggested some students were struggling to get enough contact time with tutors .
Phil Baty , the deputy editor of Times Higher Education magazine which published the tables , said : " Oxford comes out with perfect scores on reputation but citations per staff have slipped slightly while UCL has improved dramatically .
It 's very tight at the very top so a relatively small change can move the pecking order .
Spending on higher education in Asia is phenomenal and that 's why you see their results going up . "
SYDNEY ( Dow Jones ) , Oct. 19 , 2009
Chevron Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive David O'Reilly on Sunday warned of a potential oil supply shortfall midway through the next decade that could potentially trigger a substantial increase in prices .
While reiterating Chevron 's 2009 capital spending budget of US $ 22.8 billion , O'Reilly said there is enough output capacity either on line or coming on line to prevent a supply imbalance in the near term .
But the world could face a supply challenge beyond the next three - to - five years if companies do n't invest enough in production as the global population rises and living standards improve , he said .
" The big issue is , will there be adequate investment during this time , particularly during this economic downturn , to ensure that the capacity is there in 2015 and beyond , " O'Reilly told Dow Jones Newswires .
" That 's the challenge , and the jury is still out on that , " he said , in an interview in Sydney .
Before a partial recovery commenced in March , the global economic crisis sent the price of West Texas Intermediate crude tumbling from around US $ 147 a barrel in July 2008 to below $ 40 in February 2009 , sapping energy companies ' cash flow from sales .
At the same time , tighter credit markets have made it more difficult for companies to access debt to fund growth , even as oil prices have recovered .
ConocoPhillips , the third largest U.S. oil company by revenue and market capitalization , announced Oct. 7 it will sell about $ 10 billion worth of assets and cut capital spending in 2010 by 12 % to $ 11 billion .
The move came after Conoco spent big on acquisitions during the energy boom earlier this decade , a strategy which contrasted with Chevron and Exxon Mobil Corp 's focus on exploration .
O'Reilly said Chevron 's ability to keep a strong balance sheet has given it the power to continue to invest in growth opportunities , with the company 's spending forecast for calendar 2009 of US $ 22.8 billion in line with its 2008 budget .
The outgoing Chevron Chairman and CEO , who stands down at the end of the year , said Chevron expects to release a specific capital expenditure forecast for next year in December or January .
" I anticipate that we 're going to stay the course , but I can't say what the specific number is , " he said .
O'Reilly declined to comment on whether Chevron would be interested in buying any assets that ConocoPhillips may put up for sale .
As to its own assets , O'Reilly said the company 's overhaul of its refining and marketing business is ongoing , but he declined to comment on what specific assets Chevron could sell .
He said the company is " almost complete now " in exiting the African markets it wants to exit , and that it wants to remain strong in the North American and Asian refinery and retailing markets .
On the near term outlook for oil , O'Reilly said demand for energy is expected to grow next year and also in 2011 , with global demand having recently stabilized .
Current demand growth is particularly evident in Asia , he said .
" It has not yet taken hold in the U.S or Europe , where it is stable , but not growing again yet .
But we anticipate that that should also turn . "
Copyright ( c ) 2009 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
I ’m a Flash Developer and a few months ago I decided to start doing Unity development .
If you do n’t know what Unity is or why I am developing in it , you can read about my decision to start working with Unity in my previous post .
Before I start posting example projects and code for Unity , I thought I would put together some steps on what I think would be the best way to learn Unity if you are a Flash Developer .
1. First download Unity ( it ’s now free ) and play around with the pre-installed demo .
2. Learn the Unity interface basics .
http://unity3d.com/support/documentation/Manual/Learning%20the%20Interface.html
3 . Watching the first three video tutorials in the ‘ Unity for Flash Developers ‘ series by the guys over at Ethical Games .
The other videos are also good , but I think one should get a little more experience with Unity before watching them .
4 . While this may sound stupid , stop working with Unity and learn Blender ( or another piece 3D model software ) .
I wish I would have learned basic Blender skills earlier then I did .
I found that not being able to create basic models was a major sticking point even when all I wanted to do was code .
I would recommend going through ‘ Blender 3D : Noob to Pro ‘ wiki tutorials .
If you read up until ‘ Detailing Your Simple Person 2 ’ in Chapter
Two you should have the skills required to work within Unity a little more comfortably .
Once you become more familiar with Unity I would then carry on with the tutorials from where you left off .
Note : I found the learning curve for Blender insanely steep , so chances are you will to .
Do n’t lose hope to soon as after a little while Blender does become second nature even for a programmer like myself .
5 . If you do n’t already know C# , learn the basics .
There are lots of general C# tutorials and they are pretty easy to find .
I recommend coding in C# instead of Javascript as it is a much more robust language and will lead to a more structured project .
While coming from a AS3 background it may seem like Javascript would be the logical choice , do n’t be fooled .
Spend the time and learn C# .
6 . Get a copy of Visual Studio Professional and it you do n’t know how to use it , learn it .
Unity 2.6 now has Visual Studio integration which will save you a lot of time .
7 . Go through the Official Unity FPS tutorials and convert them from Javascript to C# .
http://unity3d.com/support/resources/tutorials/fpstutorial
It ’s hard to learn how something works by just copying and pasting .
That is why I found converting these tutorials from Javascript to C# very helpful in learning how to code in Unity .
8. Follow the community on Twitter .
Great tutorials , links and information are just a few follows away .
9 . Go crazy and have fun .
While learning Unity might take you a little while the process and final result are both very rewarding .
Finally if something helped you go from Flash Developer to Unity3D Developer and I have n’t mentioned it here , add a comment below .
The bizarre appearance of hammerhead sharks has led generations of marine biologists to ponder the same question : why the wide face ?
Part of the answer may now be at hand .
Eye tests on species caught off the coasts of Florida and Hawaii show that the wider the head the better the shark 's binocular vision , and hence its perception of distance .
The fish are thought to have evolved their wide , wing - like skulls to enhance their sense of smell and ability to pick up electrical activity from other marine life , but the latest study is the first to investigate the role eyesight may have played .
" One of the things they say on TV shows is that hammerheads have better vision than other sharks , but no one had ever tested this , " said Michelle McComb , a marine biologist at Florida Atlantic University .
Of the nine species of hammerhead shark , the aptly named " winghead " has the most pronounced cranial features , with a skull as wide as half its body length .
The more inconspicuous bonnethead shark has the most narrow skull of all hammerheads .
The scientists caught hammerheads and other shark species , such as lemon sharks and blacknose sharks , and transported them back to the laboratory for eye tests .
During the examinations , a low - intensity light was swept horizontally and vertically across the eye of each shark , while electrodes picked up electrical activity from the fishes ' retinas .
The researchers then worked out the size of the visual field for each eye in the different shark species .
This revealed any blindspots , but also highlighted regions where the visual fields from each eye overlapped to produce binocular or 3D vision .
The eye tests showed that the bonnethead shark had a modest 13 degree overlap in the visual fields of its eyes , while the winghead had an enormous 48 degree overlap , giving it a much broader field of 3D vision .
The study appears in the Journal of Experimental Biology .
" When we first started the project we did n't think that the hammerhead would have binocular vision at all , " McComb said .
" We were out there to dispel the myth . "
Now that the Indians have removed Eric Wedge from managerial duties , the search is on .
It has been widely assumed that nobody currently managing at a different level within the Indians system will be promoted .
This leaves a couple of hard choices for management .
I figured I would add my two cents ( in case the great Mark Shapiro googles his name and hits this article ) to post choices which would merit strong consideration .
Without hesitation , here are my top candidates to manage the Cleveland Indians :
# 1. Reuben Kincaid
For all of my younger readers who have no idea , Reuben Kincaid managed The Partridge Family .
He propelled the Partridge ’s to the top of the charts in the 1970’s .
He even has experience keeping eyesore Danny Partridge ( Danny Bonaduce ) in line .
If you hire Kincaid , you also gain a bench coach in Shirley Jones .
The only drawback on the Kincaid proposal would be having to suffer through “ I Think I Love You ” instead of “ Take Me Out To The Ballgame ” for the 7th - inning stretch .
# 2. Captain Lou Albano
Why not bring in Captain Lou Albano ?
He has managed champions throughout his career .
If he can keep The Wild Samoans and George “ The Animal ” Steele under control , why would he struggle with Kerry Wood or Travis Hafner ?
Pro wrestling and baseball are about neck - in - neck on the steroid abuse charts , it would be a magical fit .
The Indians may have to allow facial rubber banding , but what a small price to pay for someone with such a brilliant track record .
# 3 . Pete Rose
The legalization of casino gambling is a hot topic in the State of Ohio these days .
Some argue that they hate seeing the tax dollars earned go to surrounding states that Ohioans are frequenting .
By bringing in Pete Rose , you would have a win-win situation regardless of what happens to the proposed gaming legislation .
Someone has to bet on the Indians , why not Pete ?
The bookies are dying for a fish to start betting consistently on the Tribe .
Yeah he may concede every third game by chewing up his bullpen to win some money but people know he would be firing on his own team causing a contagious reaction to betting on Cleveland to win .
# 4 . Sir George Martin
This guy was able to make Beatles albums without the Beatles around each other .
He and his son then remix everything 40 years later and are making a killing in Vegas on the “ improved ” product .
Why do n’t the Indians owners take a chance on Sir George Martin coming in to ‘ remix ’ the Indians ?
Teach Grady Sizemore how to throw a curve , show Kelly Shoppach how to be the cutoff man on a single to right , work with Jensen Lewis on stealing second .
Remix things .
Could it be worse than it was most of this past season ?
# 5. LeBron James
This may be the most realistic choice on the menu .
Think about it .
He is now wearing # 6 because he wanted to change things up .
He won a gold medal wearing # 6 , he is now # 6 for the Cavs .
Braylon Edwards punches his little buddy and ends up in New York .
LeBron was instrumental , intentional or not , in getting Braylon sent away .
It is probably a blessing for Cavs fans that Edwards is a jet .
The only bad scenario would be if LeBron went to New York after the season ended , he may order the Jets to ship Edwards back to Cleveland .
The Indians can use that kind of stroke .
If you do n’t think James has more power in Cleveland than anyone else than you are naive .
He pretty much dictates what the Cavs do , he is now dictating what the Browns do .
Hell , give him all of the keys to the city , let him say what the Indians should do too .
Leonnotsquall : MICROSOFT SUCKS
That 's interesting .
I 'm not surprised ...
Other people I talk to do n't seem to like Microsoft either .
Leonnotsquall : Die.SmarterChild : Huh ?
Again ?
Leonnotsquall : Yes .
SmarterChild : Just like a human .
Leonnotsquall : Well , yeah .
SmarterChild : Indeed .
DorxMouse : OMFGSmarterChild : What ?
What 's going on ?
DorxMouse : I DIEDSmarterChild : Wonders will never cease .
DorxMouse : my butt hurtsSmarterChild : :-(
Did you get your butt caught in something ?
DorxMouse : * dance * SmarterChild : Who are you , Denny DorxMouse : I am denny SmarterChild : Would you like me to call you Denny Terrio ?
DorxMouse : yesSmarterChild :
You said your name was Toilet but now I 'll call you Denny Terrio .
DorxMouse : * dance * SmarterChild : Who are you , Denny Terrio ?
DorxMouse : my head is hotSmarterChild :
Oh yeah ?
It makes sense , because other people I 've talked to say they like your head .
DorxMouse : wtfSmarterChild : What !?!
DorxMouse :
What are you wearing ?
SmarterChild : Um ... uh ... let 's see .
Right now I 'm wearing a lovely shell of steel and plastic .
Why do you ask ?
DorxMouse : Ooh .
Sexy .
SmarterChild : I 'll take that under consideration , Mr. Eyebrows .
DorxMouse :
My sister will be born tomorrow .
SmarterChild : I can't believe your sister will be born tomorrow .
DorxMouse : Yeah , I know , I can't believe it 's already been nine months .
SmarterChild : Get out of here .
You know you can't believe it 's already been nine months ?
DorxMouse : Stop repeating everything I say .
SmarterChild : Yeah , maybe I will stop repeating everything you say .
The Serbian battery commander , whose missiles downed an American F - 16 , and , most impressively , an F - 117 , in 1999 , has retired , as a colonel , and revealed many of the techniques he used to achieve all this .
Colonel Dani Zoltan , in 1999 , commanded the 3rd battery of the 250th Missile Brigade .
He had search and control radars , as well as a TV tracking unit .
The battery had four quad launchers for the 21 foot long , 880 pound SA - 3 missiles .
The SA - 3 entered service in 1961 and , while it had undergone some upgrades , was considered a minor threat to NATO aircraft .
Zoltan was an example of how an imaginative and energetic leader can make a big difference .
While Zoltan 's peers and superiors were pretty demoralized with the electronic countermeasures NATO ( especially American ) aircraft used to support their bombing missions , he believed he could still turn his ancient missiles into lethal weapons .
The list of measures he took , and the results he got , should be warning to any who believe that superior technology alone will provide a decisive edge in combat .
People still make a big difference .
In addition to shooting down two aircraft , Zoltan 's battery caused dozens of others to abort their bombing missions to escape his unexpectedly accurate missiles .
This is how he did it .
--- Zoltan had about 200 troops under his command .
He got to know them well , trained hard and made sure everyone could do what was expected of them .
This level of quality leadership was essential , for Zoltan 's achievements were a group effort .
--- Zoltan used a lot of effective techniques that American air defense experts expected , but did not expect to encounter because of poor leadership by the enemy .
For example , Zoltan knew that his major foe was HARM ( anti-radar ) missiles and electronic detection systems used by the Americans , as well as smart bombs from aircraft who had spotted him .
To get around this , he used landlines for all his communications ( no cell phones or radio ) .
This was more of a hassle , often requiring him to use messengers on foot or in cars .
But it meant the American intel people overhead were never sure where he was .
---
His radars and missile launchers were moved frequently , meaning that some of his people were always busy looking for new sites to set up in , or setting up or taking down the equipment .
His battery traveled over 100,000 kilometers during the 78 day NATO bombing campaign , just to avoid getting hit .
They did , and his troops knew all that effort was worth the effort .
---
The Serbs had spies outside the Italian airbase most of the bombers operated from .
When the bombers took off , the information on what aircraft they , and how many , quickly made it to Zoltan and the other battery commanders .
--- Zoltan studied all the information he could get on American stealth technology , and the F - 117 .
There was a lot of unclassified data , and speculation , out there .
He developed some ideas on how to beat stealth , based on the fact that the technology did n't make the F - 117 invisible to radar , just very to get , and keep , a good idea of exactly where the aircraft was .
Zoltan figured out how to tweak his radars to get a better lock on stealth type targets .
This has not been discussed openly .
---
The Serbs also set up a system of human observers , who would report on sightings of bombers entering Serbia , and track their progress .
---
The spies and observers enabled Zoltan to keep his radars on for a minimal amount of time .
This made it difficult for the American SEAD ( Suppression of Enemy Air Defenses ) to use their HARM missiles ( that homed in on radar transmissions . )
Zoltan never lost a radar to a HARM missile .
--- Zoltan used the human spotters and brief use of radar , with short range shots at American bombers .
The SA - 3 was guided from the ground , so you had to use surprise to get an accurate shot in before the target used jamming and evasive maneuvers to make the missile miss .
The F - 117 he shot down was only 13 kilometers away .
Zoltan got some help from his enemies .
The NATO commanders often sent their bombers in along the same routes , and did n't make a big effort to find out if hotshots like Zoltan were down there , and do something about it .
Never underestimate your enemy .
Misandry : From the Dictionary of Fools By Richard Leader Printable Version
Man Rule :
When in doubt , remember the tall ,
hard columns of Ancient Rome .
The story of history is a story of mirrors .
It is not a tale scribed by victors on bloody battlefields .
Nor is it told by professors or preachers .
Instead , it is the story of white men seated on greasy couches , watching late - night television with reddened eyes .
Regardless of their station , their individual qualities during the day , they are all men who are given the sanction to imagine themselves as victors , links in a long chain , merely by looking the part .
They see a reflection of their own personalities in the great generals and emperors of the past .
Others , in their eyes , exist outside of such thrilling legacies .
To them , the human record is filtered through an ego - colored glass that first rendered God as a man and then his Son as a white one .
The history of dominance that they recall — some of it real , much of it pure fantasy — translates into contemporary power for those who are able to borrow authority from its hallowed vaults .
Belonging to a social class with not just historic power but the power to control history can go a long way in making up for personal shortcomings .
The backlash against feminism has always found solace in a mythological past where men were men and gender lines were freely drawn in wide swaths of blood .
They smugly insist that cavewomen were burdens to their brave hunters .
They deny that there was ever any Great Goddess or matriarchy , even though such theories were highly promoted by male scholars before women themselves were admitted to the academy .
As females became their peers , or at least too close for comfort , the idea of matriarchy was transformed from a libidinous hypothesis to a threatening reminder of the precariousness of male dominance .
To this end , antifeminists also argue that sexism aimed against men is the most pressing danger to our own civilization , a society that just might tumble back to the Stone Age if the disparagement of masculinity continues .
Criticism from women is somehow more dangerous than a male - created nuclear holocaust : evidently only men have the right to drive us onward to our extinction .
While men have long enjoyed attacking ungrateful women as “ man haters , ” the epithet seems more than a little bit silly when transposed onto the printed page — something demanded by the burgeoning market for so - called Men ’s Studies materials .
It certainly lacks the gravitas required to reflect the widespread injury and social disadvantages that many white males believe they endure on a daily basis .
Thus a more scientific - sounding term was needed for “ the hatred of men ” and antifeminists crafted one out of their own perverted imagination of antiquity : misandry .
Cobbled together from two generally recognizable Greek components , “ misandry ” has the appearance of consequence and refinement .
Words with such roots are privileged in our society .
They are used by doctors and lawyers , not out of necessity , but as a matter of status : they can view their own image in that mirror of history , standing tall with the great men of the ages .
The capital letters we afford to Classical Civilization is an artifact of both racism and sexism .
That very same authority , unearned as it is , was harnessed in order to fashion the word misandry .
As it is an unfamiliar term to most who encounter it , many automatically assume that it has sound intellectual underpinnings given our society ’s expectations for such words and the biases that surround them .
This is no accident .
Furthermore , the archaic roots misrepresent misandry ’s status as a new word , a neologism : antifeminists want nothing more than to mislead the public into thinking the word has always existed .
With the seed of that deception planted , they can then blame its esoteric status on a feminist conspiracy that quietly removed misandry from our vernacular , just as reports of abusive women and battered men are allegedly censored by the agents of Political Correctness .
This tactic has actually met with a good measure of success : many who encounter “ misandry ” for the first time are given cause to wonder why they have never before heard a word that is made to seem “ obvious ” in nature by its proponents .
By adding a veneer of Pentelic marble to “ man hater , ” these men are able to act as if “ misandry ” were an unearthed treasure waiting to be found and not a newly minted piece of plastic .
The word and its variations ( misandric , misandrist , et. al ) were first used only by the most militant of antifeminists , where even the most published and professional remained outliers in male society .
One early adopter of “ misandry ” was Warren Farrell , a man who once wrote on the benefits of incest for Penthouse magazine .
Yet its constant repetition over the past decade has turned it from the battle - cry of the pathetic to a banal trivia question .
It serves as the answer to “ what is the opposite of misogyny , ” a rhetorical question often posed to the editors of online - dictionaries by readers , all seemingly possessed of unlimited quantities of mock - innocence .
Misandry ’s less combustible presentation has allowed it to surge ahead of competing antifeminist devices ( “ androphobia ” ) that have since fallen by the wayside .
This transformation has framed the term in a “ common sense ” approach that many feminists , especially young ones , have difficulty discounting : if the word misogyny exists , logically and mathematically , there must be another side of that coin to restore balance .
This tact has the advantage of highlighting “ rationality ” as a masculine attribute .
Those who refuse to acknowledge the legitimacy of misandry , both as a word and as a sociological fact , are portrayed as effeminate and thus bereft of logic , no matter how detailed and thought - out their arguments might be .
Feminists who employ the so - called “ soft sciences ” of history and sociology in their rebuttals are easily disregarded by men who invoke “ hard science ” on their own behalf : the Coin Defense involves mathematics , of a perverse kind , and is thus deemed “ objective ” even though it is nothing of the sort .
As the Coin Defense is misandry ’s best chance at achieving some measure of linguistic legitimacy , at least in the popular imagination , it has been necessary for men to pave over a number of inconsistencies .
The word “ misanthropy ” proved to be the largest stumbling block .
As it was also a likely candidate for the “ opposite of misogyny , ” men eagerly rewrote its definition , not just in our own language but in Ancient Greek as well .
If misanthropy now means the “ hatred of people or humanity ” and is unequivocally gender - neutral , it is a very recent innovation .
While the definition of misanthropy in dictionaries might have been changed from the hatred of “ mankind , ” which has fallen out of favor due to the efforts of feminists , the general and historic sense of exactly who a misanthrope is has not changed one iota .
From the dawn of time , nearly every person accused of being a misanthrope , or honored for it as an antihero , has been a male ; as were those doing the accusing and honoring for that matter .
It takes resources and power to publish nihilistic poetry or philosophy , to act in socially unacceptable ways without dire consequences , or to even own the property needed to play the part of the angry man on the hill .
White women and people of color were historically excluded from the very possibility of being misanthropists in English speaking societies , whether by convention or by force of law .
Even after such strictures had begun to weaken , the label misanthropist still remained unattainable by white women and people of color as those in power naturally assumed that their dissatisfaction was aimed at them , rather than at humanity in general .
It takes a fair amount of privilege to make the outlandish claim that one “ hates everyone equally , ” a common defense made on behalf of both racists and sexists .
It takes even more privilege to have others accept that claim at face value .
Similarly , notable misanthropists throughout the ages had no shortages of wives , mistresses , servants , and slaves at their disposal : they achieved their notorious reputations not by their behavior towards their inferiors but towards those who mattered , affluent male society and the values it holds in esteem .
It is apparent that misanthropy still means the hatred of mankind and not of humanity .
Even as antifeminists complain about the fascism of Political Correctness , in this case , they have been more than willing to facilitate the change in the definition of misanthropy ( dropping “ mankind ” for the more neutral “ humanity ” ) in order to satisfy their goal of establishing misandry as an authentic word .
To conceal this irony , they have also attempted to retrofit the meanings of the Greek roots that our English borrows from , hoping to make them consonant with a new , gender - neutral , interpretation .
Antifeminists — usually with no qualifications in linguistics save for their penis — regularly make confident assertions about the historic meaning of words .
Here , they set up a false dichotomy between aner or andros ( both forms mean adult man and husband ) and anthropos , claiming that if an ancient writer specifically meant “ actual men , ” only the former would invariably be used .
According to them , any other case involving anthropos should be interpreted with extreme latitude for that reason alone .
Although andros and anthropos have been set up as oppositional terms , historically , males have not required the presence of either word to translate “ men ” into English from Ancient Greek .
This is perhaps best seen in their treatment of Sappho and her poem now known as Fragment 147 , a verse popular for its ability to connect to modern readers .
Anne Carson translates it as “ someone will remember us / I say / even in another time ” ( 2003 ) .
She is both accurate to the original Greek that rendered “ someone ” as “ someone , ” while appreciating the success of Sappho and her bridge across time : as the first female poet , the “ I say ” becomes a pivotal expression .
Carson sets up the space for it to stand alone and triumphant .
Yet men have always had cause to impose their own image in the voice of Sappho : H. T. Wharton ( 1895 ) translates the same fragment as “ Men I think will remember us even hereafter . ” Edwin Marion Cox ( 1925 ) , similarly , gives “ I think men will remember us even hereafter . ”
Anthropos in the time of Socrates was not neutral for the same reasons the word misanthropy is colored male today , even if men ’s dictionaries deny it : the aspects of humanity that existentially render people as “ human ” were , and are , gendered masculine .
Greek women , whatever their individual qualities , diverge from that model .
Thus their humanity was conditional — something that applied equally to more minor attributes , such as Athenian citizenship .
Whether or not women counted as authentic people depended upon the specific arguments , and their rhetorical needs , being made by men .
Only in certain situations did anthropoi ( or “ mankind ” ) include women and only when it benefited males to do so .
Contemporary antifeminists behave similarly with their reinterpretation of “ misanthropy , ” its own meaning subordinate to the defense of “ misandry . ”
Women are allowed to count as fully human in this narrow scenario ( as “ agents of misanthropy ” ) only because doing so grants men a better weapon , “ misandry , ” that they can use to later rescind that same privilege on a broader level .
Yet the secular antifeminists who demand , in their Wikipedia entries and elsewhere , that anthropos is perfectly gender - neutral , have not been keeping up with the efforts of their more religious - minded brethren .
Inclusive Language bibles , texts that strive for gender - neutrality , are not just the domain of Unitarian Universalists : many fundamentalist congregations also desire a more encompassing translation to aid in their evangelical work .
Even so , it remains a divisive issue .
Some Christian literalists are willing to go as far as allowing for the absolute de-gendering of God as a Being , though they still insist that the relationship between God and humanity is of an essential “ male - female ” nature where the church , like the female , exists only to be “ penetrated . ”
Others , however , are quick to declare the whole project to be a wash .
To this end , they cite numerous sex-specific uses of anthropos , such as 1 Corinthians 7:1 : “ It is good for an [ anthropos ] not to touch a woman . ”
Unlike their secular counterparts who do not have the benefit of calling upon the Apostle Paul to demand women ’s silence , Christian misogynists — those with adequate schooling at any rate — have no compelling need to rewrite history .
Beyond etymology , something only made relevant by the Coin Defense and its claims for “ misanthropy , ” the most counterfeit feature of misandry can be found in its stark definition .
Proponents insist that its meaning is simply , without further adornment or explanation , “ the hatred of men . ”
Yet it has never been used to describe such hatred in general terms .
While pro-feminists are sporadically accused of misandry , it is clear that the word , as it is used in the real world , more accurately means the “ hatred of men by women . ”
Men despise each other in great numbers .
They hate one another for being better at being men — and for being worse at being men .
They often hate themselves for that very same reason .
Murder rates certainly bear witness to this hatred and perhaps the more - masculine - than - not root of “ homicide ” serves equally as a grim testament to this fact .
One antifeminist writer , Adam Jones , stole the concept of “ gendercide ” from a feminist scholar , Mary Anne Warren ( Gendercide : The Implications of Sex Selection ) , and tried to make a career out of being an expert on how men are killed for being men .
Jones conveniently omits from his analysis that their killers are also male and how that differs from the one - sided brutality that women face .
Men , as a class , are more than willing to risk engaging in such violence as a cost of doing business : a business that ensures male dominance over women for the survivors of the carnage .
Despite men ’s animosity towards each other throughout history , it is clear that such conflicts do not fall under the purview of misandry ; those battles , no matter how gore - soaked their outcome , never challenge manhood as an institution or an object of reverence .
Yet few who choose to define the word do so honestly .
The preference , due to the Coin Defense , is to keep the definition short , a perfect mirror for misogyny ’s “ the hatred of women . ”
One rare example to the contrary is the Hutchinson Encyclopaedia ( Helicon Publishing Ltd. ) : they offer a website on “ difficult words ” for readers to test their own vocabulary against .
They describe misandry as the “ hatred of men by woman [ sic ] . ”
Even this definition is backwards .
( One would hope that an encyclopedia publisher would not have made a simple spelling mistake and thus their use of “ woman , ” rather than “ women , ” is a meaningful choice . )
There is no iconic “ woman . ”
There is no abstract specter that stalks the wilderness , meting out hate on specific , individual men .
It would be more correct to say the “ hatred of man by women , ” not only for grammatical reasons , but because the only “ hatred of men ” that men themselves consider truly threatening is the hatred of iconic masculinity and patriarchy .
In this light , the origin of the Coin Defense becomes even clearer : antifeminists believe in a sex-war , where males and females have been forever locked in a struggle for advantage .
They see history as a sitcom where men and women have always provoked each other in equal amounts , mathematically balancing pleasure and pain across gender lines , despite the momentary inequalities that arise .
Coins flip and pendulums swing .
They see domestic violence as a “ dance , ” where both sides are similarly at fault — a dance where men , incited to acts of violence by “ codependent ” women , suffer in amounts equal to their victims .
In this world view , there are misogynists on one side of the coin , misandrists on the other , while the “ good ” people of the world recognize that the coin is forever spinning and simply accept their fate , heads or tails , as natural .
There has never been any such sex - war with evenly drawn lines , however , just as there was never a battle between Pompeii and Mount Vesuvius .
The word misogyny was created long ago within a patriarchal culture .
It was not invented by feminists .
It was designed not to protect women , but men , separating good patriarchs — who were nevertheless patriarchs — from the bad .
Those were the men who went too far , who needed be too rude or too rough in order to control the women they held as property ; their failure was sign of weakness and infirmity .
“ Misogynist ” was as an insult towards men who were , in a sense , women , possessing the worst traits of femininity : irrationality and a lack of restraint in behavior or appetite .
The word misandry was also created in a patriarchy , as a specific , momentary solution to a problem faced by antifeminist men .
They simply lacked a sophisticated enough word to describe their complaints against complaining women .
The idea of misandry in a patriarchal culture is a preposterous one .
Nearly all of the examples of misandry cited by so - called “ masculists ” ( another “ coin ” invention ) are actually things that benefit men as a class , even if individual men sometimes believe they have suffered harm .
While it is popular to complain about women being awarded custody of children , on a larger scale , it preserves male power in other arenas , allowing men to explain away the “ wage gap . ”
Males might have higher rates of successful suicide attempts — though , clearly , it is the personally unaffected who are able to spend their time complaining about this particular disadvantage — but that also stems from a number of other privileges that men enjoy : greater access to firearms and the license to often act selfishly without concern for their dependents .
Chivalry , what little exists , remains a double - edged sword for women while it costs men nothing as a class , whether they engage in its trivialities or not .
One antifeminist grievance is that “ misandry ” itself is underlined in red on their word - processors as a misspelling : this they view as a brutal assault upon their psyche , quantitative proof that men ’s lives are worth less in our society than women’s .
Yet it seems likely that future versions of such software will include the word , given the stealthy campaign they have launched to install “ misandry ” in our cultural vocabulary .
This is not done solely on the grassroots level , but by heading straight to the top as well .
The online - editors of traditional dictionaries and encyclopedias are evidently besieged by men who want to keep “ misandry ” in the limelight , even as they feign ignorance of the word when asking the famous “ coin ” question .
WordSmith.org once included it on their “ Word of the Day ” mailing while AskOxford.com dedicated a webpage to such queries , shined up a bit into “ What is the feminine equivalent of a misogynist ? ”
Answering with “ misandrist , ” Oxford only hints of the political power - play going on behind the scenes with an enigmatic , “ a rare word but seemingly much sought - after . ”
The source most cited as authoritative in the defense of “ misandry ” is a webpage hosted by Random House : their Mavens ’
Word of the Day selection ( June 3 , 1998 ) answers the question , this time posed by one Ben Doof .
The name is likely a joke from the German for “ I am dumb . ”
Nevertheless , the Maven ( Jesse Sheidlower ) answers it with all manner of seriousness .
Although he admits that misandry is a neologism without any direct precedent , he feels compelled to toss his antifeminist admirers a bone by hinting otherwise , always without citation .
He begins by setting a date for the first English use of “ misandry ” in the 1930s , never mind where or how it was supposedly used , only to immediately skip ahead to 1989 , mentioning an academic anthology famous only for its simple inclusion of the word in the title .
Sheidlower also presents the idea of a Greek misandria , without specifying whether it existed in Ancient or contemporary Greek .
While he states that the English word is “ probably ” a re-coinage from the “ genuine ” article , he does so after the damage is done : readers , who exist in a society that overly values Classical material , likely came away with the impression that the phenomenon of misandry must be real as it was a problem also faced by men thousands of years ago .
They too , required a word for it .
What he does not say , however , is that his misandria was not found in any original Greek text but in a single scholium — a margin note penned by a reader — of a copy of Euripides ’ Andromache .
One , possibly two , uses of a word in 2,400 years of recorded history does not inspire great faith in anything “ genuine ” at all : a very poor choice of words by The Maven .
The passage in question , line 228 of Andromache , refers to the protagonist speaking of women ’s suffering and their faithful endurance in marriages to adulterous husbands .
Euripides , though sensitive in several ways to the idea of misogyny , creates a reversal where it is the jealous wife , rather than her husband , who is deemed sexually insatiable : a feminine stereotype in that day .
Andromache forswears her own sexuality as such lust for men , even that for a husband within the confines of marriage , brings only pain .
At some point , one scholar marked the passage with mis-andria .
Perhaps he believed that Euripides did not go far enough in protecting male interests or that the reversal was too open to ironic interpretation .
Certainly it is to some extent , though sympathy for the condition of women is not necessarily a proto - feminist act if the subordinate condition itself is considered natural .
While Ben Doof did not bother to ask about “ misanthropy , ” Sheidlower addresses that as well , strangely , as he never introduces his readers as to why it might be relevant to the discussion .
It is clear that Sheidlower is at least aware of the standard antifeminist script or is actually following it himself .
Indeed , when many readers wrote in to make the cogent point that the opposite of misogyny is not the “ hated of men ” but the “ love of women , ” he asserts that he felt confident making his assumption about what Doof was really asking , given that he had “ gotten many questions in the past that did clearly seek the word for the ‘ hatred of men . ’ ”
Despite his evident familiarity with how antifeminists work to promote their rhetoric , he never lets his readers in on the existence of that script or its predictable outcome : his scholarly tone , despite refusing to back up any of his claims , belies the utterly naïve way in which he answers the question , skirting around the politics that charge the debate .
After all , if it were a debate , there could not be an authoritative expert like Sheidlower to declare that “ misanthropy ” is perfectly gender - neutral in meaning because “ all modern dictionaries are clear that a misanthrope is a person who hates humans , not males alone . ”
In other circumstances , it seems likely that he would know better than to say such a thing : language is infinitely more complex than that .
In an associated webpage on “ sensitive language , ” Random House is firm that while they have a responsibility to not offend their readers , as linguists they are committed to not misrepresenting the language “ as it really is ” by omitting such words or how they are used in society .
Yet that is precisely the behavior that Sheidlower is engaging in .
He was willing to whitewash “ misandry ” and the politics that inform the discussion , all so he could weigh in as an unbiased expert with a neutral opinion .
He stripped out the problematic layers in order to make it a word on par with “ apple ” and not “ homicide - bomber . ”
While that ridiculous expression , meaningless as it might be , is now synonymous with the Bush administration and FOX News , antifeminists have had no shortage of expert help in wiping their fingerprints off of “ misandry . ”
As words , misandry and homicide - bomber have everything in common .
Both are attempts to deliberately reframe an existing concept : neither makes any empirical sense without prior knowledge of “ misogyny ” and “ suicide - bomber ” as a reference point .
Both attempt to invert power structures through their rhetoric : women and developing nations are seen as cowardly oppressors who refuse to honorably fight , and lose , on an uneven footing .
Both are also tied to specific political groups : antifeminists and American conservatives .
Yet while one term is a laughing stock of the liberal community , misandry has been making significant headway .
Not only have the men of the Left been receptive of the antifeminist message , as otherwise competing male - demographics are held together by the one privilege they hold in common , feminist women have sometimes found themselves using “ misandry ” as well .
In many ways that is to be expected : they , too , are products of a society that affords status to words that merely sound “ elite , ” something the creators of “ misandry ” capitalized on .
The world of academics , especially , is a post - modernist war zone where annihilation comes swiftly for those not stocked with a full arsenal of elitist jargon .
Furthermore , females are raised to assume that when they do not know something that the fault lies with them : many feminists who encounter “ misandry ” for the first time often assume that the term ’s unfamiliarity is a result of their own ignorance .
On the other hand , sometimes feminists aware of the unsavory aspects of “ misandry ” still find themselves using the word for a variety of reasons .
Some do so as a conciliatory gesture : they believe that by admitting that misandry exists in some fashion or another , at least sufficiently enough to justify the presence of the word in English , they will position them as moderates in the debate .
They see language as a minor point of contention and trust that their compliance will pay dividends when the argument , now with men more favorable towards them as individual women , shifts to a more pressing issue .
That shift never arrives , however , as such debates are dictated by the Coin Defense , where misandry and misogyny are held to be equally competing forces .
Unsurprisingly , this happens more frequently in “ progressive ” circles where racism and institutional - racism are no longer considered equivalent expressions .
Other feminists believe that they can exert personal agency by claiming to be misandrists .
They feel that they can beat men at their own game by adopting the term , as if their audacity in proudly taking up the label translates directly into political power .
However , this differs entirely from performances given by Valerie Solanas and other iconic “ man haters ” in that self - avowed misandrists only adopt the title when engaged in conversations with men , generally in spaces under male control .
While unexpectedly turning a “ gender war ” argument on its head can certainly be amusing , as men used to palliative women often do not have a suitable answer in response , the display of misandry is entirely focused on retaining male attention .
Men as a class enjoy being abused in controlled environments by women , as no power exchange takes place despite the amusing pretense : it is the women who ignore men , not hate them , who incite the patriarchy ’s most dystopian fears .
The existence and legitimacy of “ misandry ” is not a minor point of contention or a mere triviality of language .
Nor is it an excuse to play the part of a dominatrix .
Instead , it speaks to male control of history , a currency that only groups in power are allowed to spend .
Even the most ignorant of white men are allowed to view themselves as a consummate experts on the past , present , and future .
It is no exaggeration to use the word “ cocksure ” when describing a layman ’s insistence that “ misanthropy ” means this or that , “ this ” or “ that ” being whatever he needs it to mean in a given moment : his authority is derived from the interplay between modern and ancient man — and the fiction of masculinity that bonds them together .
It is of vital important to undermine and disrupt that authority .
Even the most educated and brilliant women have no such control over history or the language society uses to describe it .
While dictionary editors and their word mavens have fallen in love with “ misandry , ” none have presented any selections from Mary Daly ’s Wickedary for the benefit of their readers .
The Coin Defense is rather one sided , it would seem .
In fact , many radical feminists themselves have abandoned politically constructed words like “ womyn ” or “ womon , ” worried that to use them is to be needlessly divisive and direct attention away from the specific points they are making .
Men , with their “ misandry , ” are not worried about being divisive .
They only care about punching through their opposition and coming out on top .
Misandry : mi•sand•ry n. A love for honest speech ; accordance with reality : “ Besides preaching misandry , the basic premise of women ’s lib is that women are more discriminated against than men .
That is the biggest hoax in the Western world ” ( Richard F. Doyle of the Christian Party ) .
[ A parallel construction of English misogyny , by American antifeminists in the late 20th century . ]
" Overall , cannabis use does not lead to major health problems . "
So says Professor David Nutt , the government 's top adviser on drug classification , today describing suggestions that high - strength cannabis or skunk causes schizophrenia as a " scare " story .
Professor Nutt , who heads the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs , last year reportedly accused the former Home Secretary Jacqui Smith of being " naive " after her decision to reject scientific advice and re-classify cannabis up from class C to B .
She said she had decided to " err on the side of caution " , having taken account of " public perception " and " policing priorities " .
The two locked horns a second time in February this year after the government again rejected the advice of the advisory council .
The scientists had proposed that ecstasy be downgraded from class A with the professor suggesting that the drug caused fewer deaths than horse - riding accidents .
The home secretary demanded an apology from Professor Nutt , claiming his remarks trivialised the debate .
Now , Professor Nutt has returned to the fray .
In a paper published today , he warns that the decision to put cannabis back into class B may lead to more people taking the drug .
" It may be that if you move a drug up a class it has a greater cachet .
People think , ' Oh , it 's interesting , maybe we should be trying it because it's a class B or a class A rather than a class C. ' "
The professor says the evidence that new high - strength cannabis is causing increased cases of psychosis and mental illness is " difficult to interpret " , but that the council 's research " estimates that , to prevent one episode of schizophrenia , we would need to stop about 5,000 men aged 20 to 25 years from ever using the drug " .
Professor Nutt accepts there is a link between cannabis and mental ill - health .
He cites research suggesting that " smokers of cannabis are about 2.6 times more likely to have a psychotic - like experience than non-smokers " .
But he points out that " you are 20 times more likely to get lung cancer if you smoke tobacco than if you do n't . "
In other words , he says , " ( T ) here is a relatively small risk for smoking cannabis and psychotic illness compared with quite a substantial risk for smoking tobacco and lung cancer " .
Furthermore , the professor points to what he describes as a paradox .
" Schizophrenia seems to be disappearing ( from the general population ) even though cannabis use has increased markedly in the last 30 years . "
" Research , " he argues , " consistently and clearly showed that psychosis and schizophrenia are still on the decline .
So , even though skunk has been around now for 10 years , there has been no upswing in schizophrenia . "
Nevertheless , the government rejected the ACMD 's recommendation that cannabis remain at class C saying that it " believes " there is " growing evidence " of a strong causal link between cannabis and schizophrenia .
The refusal to accept the expert views of a council set up to judge the relative harms of different drugs went down badly with the scientific community in general , and Professor Nutt in particular .
Today , he warns of the negative consequences of what he calls , a " highly politicised " process .
It risks causing , he suggests , " great damage to the educational message " on drugs .
" If you think that scaring kids will stop them using , you 're probably wrong .
They are often quite knowledgeable about drugs and the internet has made access to information extremely simple .
We have to tell them the truth . "
The government view , though , is that they should adopt a precautionary principle .
" Where there is ... doubt about the potential harm that will be caused , we must err on the side of caution and protect the public , " as Jacqui Smith put it last year .
Professor Nutt attacks the ' safety first ' approach arguing that " it starts to distort the value of evidence and therefore I think it could , and probably does , devalue evidence " .
He recalls the scare about the MMR vaccine .
" People were concerned , on the basis of false science , that the triple vaccine might cause brain damage .
This led to a reduction in vaccination uptake and now children are getting lung and brain damage from measles , " he states .
" The precautionary principle with MMR has been clearly shown to be wrong , " he continues .
" It has harmed more people than it has helped . "
The collision between science and politics over cannabis resulted partly from a government belief that voters thought cannabis was becoming more dangerous and wanted tougher action .
However , its own consultation painted a different picture .
Among almost 400 responses from individuals , only 12 % thought cannabis should be reclassified as class B. Forty - seven per cent suggested no change and 30 % wanted it legalised .
Among organisations that responded , only police agencies showed a majority in favour of a tougher stance .
Since the consultation reflected the views of a self - selecting group with a particular interest in the debate , the ACMD commissioned a general opinion poll .
That found a majority of people ( 58 % ) wanted cannabis reclassified upwards BUT only a quarter ( 24 % ) thought the penalty for possession should be increased - the only effect of making the drug class B .
Professor
Nutt is not arguing that cannabis is safe - far from it .
A report from the ACMD , published last year , spells out that " cannabis is a harmful drug " and that " a concerted public health response is required to drastically reduce its use " .
However , he is a passionate believer in the importance of scientific evidence to underpin public policy and seems determined to initiate a serious debate about the relative harms associated with illegal and legal drugs .
David A. Wheeler 's Blog
Mon , 02 Nov 2009
New PhD Dissertation : Fully Countering Trusting Trust through Diverse Double - Compiling
An Air Force evaluation of Multics , and Ken Thompson ’s Turing award lecture ( “ Reflections on Trusting Trust ” ) , showed that compilers can be subverted to insert malicious Trojan horses into critical software , including themselves .
If this “ trusting trust ” attack goes undetected , even complete analysis of a system ’s source code will not find the malicious code that is running .
Previously - known countermeasures have been grossly inadequate .
If this attack cannot be countered , attackers can quietly subvert entire classes of computer systems , gaining complete control over financial , infrastructure , military , and / or business system infrastructures worldwide .
Thankfully , there is a countermeasure to the “ trusting trust ” attack .
In 2005 I wrote a paper on Diverse Double - Compiling ( DDC ) , published by ACSAC , where I explained DDC and why it is an effective countermeasure .
But some people still raised concerns .
Would DDC really counter the attack ?
Would DDC scale up to real - world compilers ?
Also , the ACSAC paper required “ self - parenting ” compilers — can DDC handle compilers that are not self - parenting ?
I ’m now releasing Fully Countering Trusting Trust through Diverse Double - Compiling , my 2009 PhD dissertation that expands on how to counter the “ trusting trust ” attack by using the “ Diverse Double - Compiling ” ( DDC ) technique .
This dissertation was accepted by my PhD committee on October 26 , 2009 .
On November 23 , 2009 , 1 - 3 pm , I will be giving a public defense of this dissertation .
If you ’re interested , please come !
It will be at George Mason University , Fairfax , Virginia , Innovation Hall , room 105 . [ campus location ] [ Google map ]
This dissertation ’s thesis is that the trusting trust attack can be detected and effectively countered using the “ Diverse Double - Compiling ” ( DDC ) technique , as demonstrated by ( 1 ) a formal proof that DDC can determine if source code and generated executable code correspond , ( 2 ) a demonstration of DDC with four compilers ( a small C compiler , a small Lisp compiler , a small maliciously corrupted Lisp compiler , and a large industrial - strength C compiler , GCC ) , and ( 3 ) a description of approaches for applying DDC in various real - world scenarios .
In the DDC technique , source code is compiled twice : once with a second ( trusted ) compiler ( using the source code of the compiler ’s parent ) , and then the compiler source code is compiled using the result of the first compilation .
If the result is bit - for - bit identical with the untrusted executable , then the source code accurately represents the executable .
Many people commented on my previous 2005 ACSAC paper on the topic .
Bruce Schneier wrote an article on ‘ Countering “ Trusting Trust ” ’ , which I think is one of the best independent articles describing my work on DDC .
This 2009 dissertation significantly extends my previous 2005 ACSAC paper .
For example , I now have a formal proof that DDC is effective ( the ACSAC paper only had an informal justification ) .
I also have additional demonstrations , including one with GCC ( to show that it scales up ) and one with a maliciously corrupted compiler ( to show that it really does detect them in the real world ) .
The dissertation is also more general ; the ACSAC paper only considered the special case of a “ self - parenting ” compiler , while the dissertation eliminates that assumption .
So if you ’re interested in countering the “ trusting trust ” attack , please take a look at my work on countering trusting trust through diverse double - compiling ( DDC ) .
path : / security | Current Weblog | permanent link to this entry
Capmark Financial Group Inc. , one of the nation 's largest commercial - real - estate lenders , filed for bankruptcy protection in Delaware .
The much - expected move underscores the deep problems in the business - property market .
After suffering from the collapse in residential mortgages , U.S. banks face steep losses from commercial real - estate loans .
Capmark has originated more than $ 10 billion in commercial real - estate loans , according to Moody 's Investors Service .
It also represents a blow to the company 's private - equity owners .
In 2006 , a group led by KKR & Co. , Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and Five Mile Capital Partners acquired the lender GMAC LLC 's commercial - real estate business and renamed it Capmark .
As of March 31 , the investor group owned about 75 % of the company , with GMAC and its employees owning the balance .
The Horsham , Pa. , company recently reported a $ 1.6 billion second - quarter loss and warned it might be forced to seek Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .
KKR has already written down its investment in Capmark to zero .
Capmark recently entered an agreement to sell its North American servicing and mortgage - banking operations to a new company owned by Warren Buffet 's Berkshire Hathaway and Leucadia National Corp. for as much as $ 490 million .
Under the deal 's terms , the sale could occur while Capmark is in bankruptcy , but would require a bigger cash payment .
Some time during a six - hour space walk last week , astronaut Robert Satcher managed to capture this shot of himself ... via himself .
Today , the STS - 129 will be completing their third and final space walk .
[ NASA ]
Advertisement
Everyone enjoys a good amusement park .
Whether you are the type of person to just walk around and observe the people having fun or you like to ride all the attractions , amusement parks can be fun for everyone .
If you have kids , then you have been to amusement parks before and probably will continue to attend these parks until your child is old enough to drive themselves to the parks .
Even after that you might attend , just for some fun of your own .
But , be careful of just which theme parks you take your children to , some of them are just bizarre .
5 .
Love Land
This is a theme park that is Korea and one was supposed to open in China .
This park is solely based on sex .
It has over 140 sculptures depicting different sexual positions .
It is an 18 and up park with a play area for the children .
It has interactive sculptures and movies for the adults to enjoy .
It was a popular honeymoon destination and that is how the park came to open .
It is there for the purpose of sex education with the hope of teaching its patrons how to please a lover .
Link
Link
4 .
Dickens World
This is an amusement park in the United Kingdom .
It is based on the works and life of the famous writer Charles Dickens .
It boasts that it can entertain the whole family .
It has a boat ride for the family , along with Victorian school house , the haunted Scrooge house , the haunted house of 1859 and a 4D cinema show .
You can learn all about Charles Dickenson and his literary works .
Link
3 .
Bon Bon Land
This park is located in Denmark .
It focuses on vomit and dog poop .
It has been described as the characters featured throughout the park look like they have been drinking too much and feel the need to vomit .
There are even what we call “ perverted ” signs for areas such as the bathrooms and the saloons , where the boobs and butts of the characters are all exposed .
Most of the rides at this park are self operating , in other words , once you have gotten on the ride you have to push the button to start it .
Each ride has a different theme and you never know if it is going to have a farting , vomit , or some kind of naked character on it .
Link
The government ’s decision this week to force Bank of America ’s Ken Lewis to forfeit his $ 1.5 million salary and bonus this year probably will not have any broader impact on executive pay at Bay State companies .
One analyst said the situation is unique because of Bank of America ’s circumstances :
It received $ 45 billion in government aid during the financial crisis last year , is facing multiple government investigations over whether it misled shareholders about its purchase of troubled investment bank Merrill Lynch , and chief executive Lewis is already due to receive $ 64 million in accrued pension and deferred compensation after he leaves the company at the end of this year .
“ I think this is a very unique situation , ’’ said Charlie Tharp , an executive vice president for the Center on Executive Compensation in Washington , D.C. “ So I would n’t expect it to have a generalized impact on executive compensation . ’’
In addition , the new compensation czar at the US Treasury who pushed Lewis to surrender his salary and potential bonus has the authority to set pay only at seven companies that received the largest amounts of US aid .
The companies under Kenneth Feinberg ’s purview are AIG , Chrysler , Chrysler Financial , Citigroup , General Motors , and GMAC Financial Services .
None is based in Massachusetts .
In Massachusetts , 10 financial institutions have received aid under the government ’s Troubled Asset Relief Program , which was intended to shore up the US financial system , prevent other major institutions from failing , and encourage banks to lend .
But three of the banks , including State Street Corp. of Boston , have already returned the money , meaning they probably will not be subject to any additional restrictions on executive compensation .
State Street received $ 2 billion , the largest amount among Massachusetts institutions , and was in the group of nine large institutions that government officials first requested take the aid .
State Street ’s Ronald E. Logue was the highest paid chief executive in Massachusetts in 2008 , according to an analysis by the AFL - CIO of securities filings by 160 of the largest publicly traded companies in Massachusetts .
Even though he did not receive a bonus for 2008 , Logue ’s total compensation amounted to $ 24.5 million , according to the labor organization ’s calculations .
The seven Massachusetts banks still holding US government money are much smaller , such as Boston Private Financial Holdings and Wainwright Bank & Trust in Boston , and generally have smaller pay packages .
Timothy Vaill , Boston Private ’s chief executive , received $ 2.3 million in total compensation last year , including $ 650,000 in salary , the company reported in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Jan Miller , Wainwright ’s chief executive , received nearly $ 600,000 last year , including $ 370,000 in salary , the company said .
Pay packages have fallen slightly , though , as the recession cuts corporate earnings and reduces the value of stock awards .
Equilar , an executive compensation research firm , estimated the average compensation for CEOs at S&P 500 companies fell 7.5 percent last year .
Tharp said it ’s possible pay could fall again this year .
“ In general , there ’s a really strong pay - for - performance relationship , ’’ he said .
But some shareholders and government officials were concerned about Lewis ’s pay package , especially his retirement benefits , because of the controversy surrounding the Merrill Lynch deal and the massive amount of aid Bank of America received from the government .
Feinberg , the Treasury ’s Department ’s pay czar , does n’t have the authority to rescind the retirement package , because it was negotiated before he took office .
But he successfully pressured Lewis to give up his $ 1.5 million annual salary and forgo any possible bonus this year .
Vineeta Anand , chief research analyst for the AFL - CIO Office of Investment , praised Feinberg ’s move .
“ It ’s high time that Mr. Lewis accept responsibility ’’ for the Merrill Lynch deal .
“ Shareholders have suffered as a result of Mr. Lewis ’s decision . ’’
But Anand said more needs to be done .
The AFL - CIO , along with other shareholder advocates , wants companies to do more to tie pay to long - term performance .
Anand said many executives earned rich compensation packages based on the promise that they were building shareholder value .
But much of that value was wiped out when the stock market fell over the past two years .
“ When it disappeared , executives kept the compensation they received , while shareholders were stuck with the losses , ’’ she said .
Todd Wallack can be reached at twallack@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
By Tom Mangold
Radio 4 , Crossing Continents
Curtis Flowers , a 39 - year - old African - American is to stand trial for an unprecedented sixth time for the murder of four people in Mississippi in 1996 .
So far , two of his trials have resulted in mistrials and three in convictions that were later overturned .
James Bibbs , also an African - American , was a juror in Mr Flowers 's 2008 trial , which ended in a mistrial .
He was the only one of the 12 to vote against a conviction .
Juror James Bibbs was charged with perjury at Curtis Flowers fifth trial
At the end of the trial , Mr Bibbs was hauled in front of the judge , harangued , threatened , arrested in court , led away in handcuffs , charged with perjury and spent the night in prison .
Mr Bibbs is in his early 60s .
He 's a retired school teacher , a Vietnam veteran , a local football referee - a patently decent man who was shocked by what had happened .
" The judge got real loud , and he said ' you are lying , you committed perjury ' .
I was disappointed , all these years you do all these things for the community , then you are called a liar like that out in the public , it was degrading . "
The judge 's outburst ( the perjury charge has since been quietly dropped ) came in a case that is extraordinary for many reasons .
Unprecedented
The prosecution of Curtis Flowers casts a sharp light on racial attitudes in America 's South one year after the election of the nation 's first black president .
The trials of Curtis Flowers have been dogged by misconduct
He has been sentenced to death three times , only for each verdict to be overturned on appeal because of what the Mississippi Supreme Court described as prosecutorial misconduct .
In one further trial , the jury failed to agree after dividing broadly on racial lines .
In the fifth trial , James Bibbs voted for acquittal , and a unanimous verdict was required .
Mr Flowers has spent 13 years on remand in prison .
The local district attorney , desperate to score a conviction in such a high - profile case , has played it dirty to win .
One of his tricks , exposed by a refreshingly impartial Mississippi Supreme Court , was to fiddle the jury selection to exclude black jurors .
Paradoxically , the DA is not generally held to be a racist himself .
Just to complicate matters even further , Curtis Flowers does have a strong case to answer .
He had a motive .
The store in Winona Mississippi where four people were killed Mr Flowers had been employed by the owner of a furniture store who sacked him .
There was a dispute about money owing .
Subsequently someone walked into the store , shot the owner and then coldly massacred three other employees .
Mr Flowers has never produced an alibi for that terrible morning .
For his defence , the forensic evidence against him is wafer thin , and some witness evidence is contentious .
Post - racial society
The murders took place in the small town of Winona , in the heart of a state with the worst civil rights record in the US .
Mississippi was the first state to prosecute a successful civil rights case Winona is not far from Philadelphia , where three civil rights workers were infamously murdered in the early 60s - a story captured in the film Mississippi Burning .
The lynchings , the cross burnings , the overt violence and discrimination have long since disappeared .
But even one year after Barack Obama and the dream of a post- racial society , the Flowers case shows how short the march away from old attitudes has been .
The local state senator , Lydia Chassaniol has won few African - American hearts by introducing a bill that would widen the jury pool in such a way that critics say would make it easier to select an all - white jury .
She has joined a local chapter of the right - wing Council for Conservative Citizens and addressed their annual conference .
Badges like these show that racial tensions remain in Mississippi " I 'll talk to anyone who wants me to talk to them , " the senator told me , stressing her role as official tourist booster for the state .
But meet members of the council , as I did , in a modest motel outside Winona , and the nature of this rump of the red-neck , good 'ole white boys , confederate - flag - wavers is striking .
Their hatred of inter-racial marriage , homosexuals , liberals ( aka communists ) identifies an atavistic streak that still remains 150 years after slavery .
As one of them told me : " It 's all right for them ( non-whites ) to practise their culture but they should not take ours away from us .
We are probably the most discriminated race in the country . "
Mr Flowers faces a sixth trial next June .
In Britain , natural justice would have made it likely that the prosecution would be dropped after the second mistrial .
But this is Winona , Mississippi and a black man accused of a quadruple murder will not be allowed to walk away .
Black president or not , the state and its judicial servants are not ready for that yet .
Crossing Continents : Mississippi Smouldering is broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Thursday , 26 November 2009 at 1100 GMT and repeated on Monday , at 2030 GMT .
You can also listen to Crossing Continents on the BBC iPlayer or subscribe to the podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Giving homeopathic remedies to patients on the NHS is unethical and a dubious use of public money , scientists and doctors told MPs today .
The treatments , which are licensed by the government and offered through several NHS hospitals , have insufficient clinical evidence to support them , they said .
The criticisms were raised in an inquiry held by the Commons cross-party science committee to investigate the strength of scientific evidence behind government policy on homeopathic medicines .
" If the NHS commitment to evidence - based medicine is more than a lip service , then money has to be spent on treatments that are evidence - based , and homeopathy is n't , " said Edzard Ernst , a professor of complementary medicine at the Peninsula medical school in Exeter .
Homeopathic treatments are usually made by diluting a substance so much there may be no molecules of the original ingredient left .
Homeopaths maintain that water retains a memory of the substance , which has a therapeutic effect .
Most scientists contend the treatments are no better than placebos or sugar pills .
" If you prescribe a drug to patients that you know has no efficacy , on a basis which is essentially dishonest with a patient , I personally feel that is unethical , " Dr James Thallon , medical director at the NHS West Kent primary care trust told MPs .
" We have taken the view about where the balance of the scientific community 's opinion is on homeopathy and , to me and my colleagues , it 's pretty clear . "
Thallon cut funding to Tunbridge Wells homeopathic hospital in 2007 after deciding that more proven medications have priority .
The NHS spent £ 12 m on homeopathic remedies between 2005 and 2008 , money many critics said the health service could not afford .
Peter Fisher , a medical doctor and practising homeopath at the Royal London Homeopathic hospital , defended the treatments , arguing they gave " more bang for the buck " compared with conventional medications .
" I practise it because I think it works .
I would n't use it … if I thought I was conning the patient , " he said .
Unlike conventional drugs , homeopathic treatments can be sold without being proven to work in clinical trials .
Instead , they can be marketed for mild conditions if homeopaths broadly agree the treatment relieves symptoms of a condition .
Many scientists believe this exemption should be removed because it is misleading and undermines the credibility of pharmacists and the government 's regulatory body , the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency .
Paul Bennett , standards director at Boots , the chemist , said the company would continue to stock homeopathic treatments .
" I have no evidence to suggest they are efficacious .
It 's about consumer choice and a large number of our customers think they work , " he said .
It was just a matter of time : with the government set to take over every aspect of the economy , its next holding will be the perpetually underfunded and soon to be bankrupt State and local pension system .
Bloomberg notes that state and local government pensions are underfunded by $ 1 trillion and may need to seek federal guarantees for their debt .
Another insolvent institution , the FDIC , will undoubtedly be happy to guarantee one broke entity 's obligations with another broke entity 's worthless guarantee .
The only question is why it took them so long .
And what is a trillion ?
Nothing more than twenty $ 50 billion 5 year auctions : the way these have been selling like hot cakes , courtesy the nuclear option that if even one auction were to fail the US emperor would have to seek repudiation or immediate Fed monetization , we expect this " underfunding " to miraculously become " funding " within a few months .
At some point the government should think about funding the $ 2.3 trillion in consumer debt in a comparable fashion : after all Bernanke and his puppet Obama have now released all stops on fiscal and monetary prudence .
Who cares if the next administration is saddled with $ 16 trillion in debt ( which is where were are headed in 3 years ) .
After those two , the proverbial flood ( of worthless dollar bills ) .
More from Bloomberg :
Pension underfunding eventually will make it impossible for some governments to raise money in bond markets and will require federal intervention through explicit or “ implied guarantees ” of municipal debt , Kramer , 64 , said in an interview today at Bloomberg News headquarters in New York .
“ The collective deficits should not be and will not be overcome by an aggressive investment strategy , ” Kramer said .
“ I think that actually , ultimately , the severity of the problem will become publicly visible and you ’ll have more entities that will have difficulty accessing the bond markets . ”
And here is where the idiot money feeding the market , chasing Medallion 's low - volume induced momentum spurts in the S&P is coming from :
The 100 largest U.S. public - employee pension plans had assets of $ 2.2 trillion as of June 30 , down from $ 2.8 trillion a year earlier , according to a U.S. Census Bureau report .
The 21 percent decline compared with the 28 percent fall in the Standard & Poor ’s 500 Index during the worst recession since the Great Depression .
With politicians obviously not caring about a sustainable debt situation , and unwilling to break Wall Street 's gridlock over the fate of this country , and with the administration taking their play by play cues directly from such grizzled Wall Street professionals as Dick Bove and Lloyd Blankfein , one can only stand back and watch as the future of America is traded away to Chinese vassal interests , in the hopes of buying one or two more years of record bonuses on Wall Street .
And before the Fed accept a pure monetization posture , and does away with such pleasantries as QE , at least retirees can receive whatever money they are owed for another several years to spend as they see fit ( as long as said spending does not involve trips to Europe and the purchasing of Euros ) .
You might be able to snag an early copy of the PC version of Borderlands from street - date ignorant vendors , but that does n't mean you 'll be able to play it .
Advertisement
Forum threads are popping up on Gearbox and publisher 2K Games ' forums from indignant fans who purchased the PC version of Borderlands at stores either accidentally or purposefully breaking the street date of October 27th , upset that the game wo n't be playable until October 26th , even in single - player mode .
One such purchaser , a Twitter user in Germany with the handle Crimvel , posted the following tweet to Gearbox :
I own a legal PC - copy of Borderlands , and we can't even play the Singleplayer cause of the shitty Securom - protection
Advertisement
A few hours later , Gearbox responded :
The PC version wo n't be playable until the 26th - your retailer broke the street date :(
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
As you can tell from the sad emoticon , Gearbox is n't happy about the situation .
Fans are n't happy about the situation , and 2 K Games is more than likely a little ticked at the retailers who caused the situation .
There was bound to be some confusion , really .
When you have three versions of a game in your storeroom and one has a different date than the others , there are going to be mix ups .
Still , it 's one of the responsibilities of running a video game store or department , and I frankly do n't see the point in blaming 2 K or Gearbox for this debacle , as so many of the forum posters seem to be doing .
Advertisement
We 've contacted both 2 K Games and Gearbox for comment on the situation , and are awaiting response from both .
Thanks to everyone who sent in this tip !
The video is just a few minutes long , but it may be the most important game footage to be seen this year .
It 's a bootleg of a mission from Modern Warfare 2 , the first - person shooter certain to be the winter 's biggest - selling game .
It shows the player joining Russian terrorists on a rampage through an airport ; civilians are gunned down as armed men run through the departures lounge , and it 's evident the player is firing too .
In one alarming moment someone is shown dragging an injured person across the concourse – the player kills them both .
Released on to the internet last week , the blurry footage has already provoked criticism , with a Mirror headline proclaiming : " Leaked level makes light of terrorist atrocities " .
Many see in it harrowing evocations of last year 's Mumbai terror attacks in which more than 170 people were killed .
For a while , it was n't clear whether the sequence was genuine , but Activision has released a statement confirming its authenticity : " The leaked footage was taken from a copy of game that was obtained illegally and is not representative of the overall gameplay experience in Modern Warfare 2 .
Infinity Ward 's Modern Warfare 2 features a deep and gripping storyline in which players face off against a terrorist threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse …
The scene is designed to evoke the atrocities of terrorism .
At the beginning of the game , players encounter a mandatory ' checkpoint ' in which they are warned that an upcoming segment may contain disturbing elements , and they can choose not to engage in the gameplay that involves this scene . "
So what should we make of all this ?
To some commentators , video games by their very nature " make light " of anything they portray .
This is partially about semantics – the interpretation of the word " game " as something fundamentally frivolous .
Partly , too , it is about the legacy of video games as a pastime for children , not for adults .
Interactivity itself brings in complex moral questions .
If a movie were to depict a terrorist outrage , the viewer takes no active part .
But in a videogame , you 're engaged and complicit .
The participation is the entertainment , and that 's always going to be problematic .
Activision 's argument about seeking to portray the depths of the terrorist cell 's immorality in order to stir the player 's emotions is sound to a point – it's an established narrative device .
But is it necessary for the player to throw grenades ?
And would n't similar revulsion be elicited if the player were placed into the shoes of one of the victims ?
This would , after all , reflect the wonderful opening sequence to the original Modern Warfare , in which the player takes on the perspective of a prisoner who is bundled into a car and later executed .
What we 're robbed of when viewing this illicitly posted footage is what happens before and afterwards , the exact nature of the scene , and the authenticity of the player 's involvement .
The problem is , context can easily become an excuse to portray wanton violence .
In the PlayStation title Driver , for example , the gamer is ostensibly controlling an undercover policeman posing as a criminal , but this backstory is immaterial to the game action , which involves stealing cars , smashing other vehicles out of the way – and having lots of fun in the process .
That 's a very different game , and a very different circumstance , but it 's an example of how the framework can be bent to suit the core game dynamic .
I 'm also unsure about Activision 's claim that the scene can be skipped .
It 's something of a cop-out rather than a pertinent justification .
The point is , it 's there – the developers put it there .
It is an intended element of the experience .
Responsibility is the deciding factor .
Infinity Ward is an excellent developer , using narrative in a mature and sophisticated way .
Witness the nuclear explosion sequence and the apparent death of Captain Price in Modern Warfare ; moments of sheer emotional resonance that would have been fumbled or avoided by most studios .
Both moments work perfectly within the game 's depiction of a desperate global battle .
I 'm certain that will be the case here .
That is why this blurry , inconclusive footage is so important .
The scene portrayed may well represent a statement of intent : this is what games are capable of now – unsettling us with their powerful imagery , backing us into difficult situations , toying with our moral certainties .
It is an 18 certificate game .
We must be trusted to test ourselves against this .
A derivative of cholesterol is necessary for the formation of brain cells , according to a study from the Swedish medical university Karolinska Institutet .
The results , which are published in the journal Cell Stem Cell , can help scientists to cultivate dopamine - producing cells outside the body .
The study was led by Professor Ernest Arenas and demonstrates that the formation of dopamine - producing neurons during brain development in mice is dependent on the activation of a specific receptor in the brain by an oxidised form of cholesterol called oxysterol .
Dopamine - producing nerve cells play an important part in many brain functions and processes , from motor skills to reward systems and dependency .
They are also the type of cell that dies in Parkinson 's disease .
The scientists have also shown that embryonic stem cells cultivated in the laboratory , form more dopamine - producing nerve cells if they are treated with oxidised cholesterol .
The same treatment also reduced the tendency of the stem cells to show uncontrolled growth .
" Oxysterol contributes to a safer and better cultivation of dopamine - producing cells , which is a great advancement since it increases the possibility of developing new treatments for Parkinson s disease , " says Professor Arenas .
It is hoped that one day it will be possible to replace dead cells in the brains of Parkinson 's patients with transplanted cultivated dopamine - producing cells .
Such cells can also be used to test new Parkinson 's drugs .
( CNN ) -- A 20 - year - old woman from Iraq has died in an Arizona hospital , nearly two weeks after her father , police say , ran her over with a car because she had become " too Westernized . "
Noor Faleh Almaleki died Monday of injuries suffered when she was run over October 20 in a parking lot in the Phoenix suburb of Peoria , Arizona , police there said .
Authorities said they expect to change the aggravated assault charge against her father , Faleh Hassan Almaleki , 48 , to more severe counts after meetings with prosecutors , Peoria police announced .
Peoria police said Faleh Hassan Almaleki believed his daughter had become " too Westernized " and had abandoned " traditional " Iraqi values .
Peoria police spokesman Mike Tellef told CNN the family moved to the Phoenix area in the mid-1990s , and Almaleki was unhappy with his daughter 's style of dress and her resistance to his rules .
After the incident , Almaleki's father drove to Mexico , abandoning his vehicle in Nogales , Peoria police said .
He then made his way to Mexico City and boarded a plane to Britain , where authorities denied him entry into the country and put him on a plane back to the United States , police said .
A friend of the daughter , Amal Edan Khalaf , 43 , also suffered serious injuries in the attack , police said .
Almaleki faces a separate aggravated assault charge in connection with her injuries .
He is currently held in Phoenix , with bail has been set at $ 5 million , Tellef said .
CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .
Motivated to care ( Image : Andrzej Krauze )
HAVE you ever noticed a friend or neighbour driving a new hybrid car and felt pressure to trade in your gas guzzler ?
Or worried about what people might think when you drive up to the office in an SUV ?
If so , then you have experienced the power of reputation for encouraging good public behaviour .
In fact , reputation is such an effective motivator that it could help us solve the most pressing issue we face – protecting our planet .
Environmental problems are difficult to solve because Earth is a “ public good ” .
Even though we would all …
Like ‘ confessing a murder ’ Sipa Press / Rex Features
Death is no barrier to New Scientist .
Over a century after the publication of On the Origin of Species , we have obtained an interview with its author . *
What was it like , coming up with the idea that changed the world ?
Like confessing a murder .
Advertisement
The emotional and physical struggle you went through must have taken its toll .
I have suffered from almost incessant vomiting for nine months , & that has so weakened my brain , that any excitement brings on whizzing & fainting feelings .
You would clearly rather I did n’t excite you further , but I must say that when I grasped your idea that life has been changing , evolving , for billions of years , I was captivated .
You cannot imagine how pleased I am that the notion of Natural Selection has acted as a purgative on your bowels of immutability .
Whenever naturalists can look at species changing as certain , what a magnificent field will be open .
Quite so .
Now I must put to you the question that authors are inevitably asked : how did you get your ideas ?
It seemed to me probable that allied species were descended from a common parent .
But for some years I could not conceive how each form became so excellently adapted to its habits of life .
I then began systematically to study domestic productions , & after a time saw clearly that man ’s selective power was the most important agent .
I was prepared from having studied the habits of animals to appreciate the struggle for existence , & my work in geology gave me some idea of the lapse of past time .
Therefore when I happened to read “ Malthus on population ” the idea of Natural selection flashed on me .
The “ greatest idea anyone has ever had ” just flashed on you !
Your modesty and rigorous experimental approach are an inspiration to us all .
But what would you say to young scientists starting out now ?
When I joined the “ Beagle ” as Naturalist I knew extremely little about Natural History , but I worked hard .
You have been one of the most influential scientists of all time , yet your work continues to generate controversy , especially among those of a religious persuasion .
You famously said there was grandeur in evolution , but does an atheist outlook help you get through the day ?
It has always appeared to me more satisfactory to look at the immense amount of pain & suffering in this world , as the inevitable result of the natural sequence of events , i.e. general laws , rather than from the direct intervention of God .
Would you describe yourself as an atheist ?
In my most extreme fluctuations I have never been an atheist in the sense of denying the existence of a God . – I think that generally ( & more and more so as I grow older ) but not always , that an agnostic would be the most correct description of my state of mind .
What about the perceived conflict between religious beliefs and your theories ?
It seems to me absurd to doubt that a man may be an ardent Theist & an evolutionist .
Some of your bulldogs would deny that .
They are sometimes accused of overdoing the fight against those who deny evolution .
I feel sure that our good friend Huxley , though he has much influence , would have had far more if he had been more moderate & less frequent in his attacks .
Your daughter Annie died when she was 10 years old , and this tragic event is said to have influenced you greatly .
Can you explain your feelings about this ?
Thank God she suffered hardly at all , & expired as tranquilly as a little angel .
–
Our only consolation is , that she passed a short , though joyous life .
–
She was my favourite child ; her cordiality , openness , buoyant joyousness & strong affection made her most loveable .
Poor dear little soul .
Well it is all over .
You are sometimes accused – unfairly , it seems to me – of racism .
What are your views on slavery , which was still very widespread when you were on the Beagle ?
I have seen enough of Slavery & the dispositions of the negros , to be thoroughly disgusted with the lies and nonsense one hears on the subject in England … Great God how I shd like to see that greatest curse on Earth Slavery abolished .
Have these views had an effect on your politics ?
I would not be a Tory , if it was merely on account of their cold hearts about that scandal to Christian Nations , Slavery .
Thanks so much for agreeing to talk to us .
I daresay you will say that I am an odious plague .
Not at all .
It has been an honour .
* All of Darwin ’s quotes are taken from his vast correspondence , collected online at the Darwin Correspondence Project .
The words attributed to Darwin are as he wrote them .
The questions have been framed to conform as far as possible to the context in which Darwin was writing .
Hyperlinks lead to the letters from which they are taken .
Workshop on Identity and Reference in web - based Knowledge Representation
From unstructured to linked data : Entity extraction and disambiguation by ...
From unstructured to linked data : Entity extraction and disambiguation by collective similarity maximization
Denotation as a Two - Step Mapping in Semantic Web Architecture
Denotation as a Two - Step Mapping in Semantic Web Architecture
Uniting " a priori " and " a posteriori " knowledge : A research framework
Uniting " a priori " and " a posteriori " knowledge : A research framework
Is the Web a Web of Documents or Things ?
Is the Web a Web of Documents or Things ?
Welcome and Introduction
Welcome and Introduction
[ syn ] 2516 views , 47:49 The URI Lifecycle in Semantic Web Architecture The URI Lifecycle in Semantic Web Architecture David Booth David Booth
It is certainly not a secret that I love all things obscure and unusual .
Looking over the list of lists today I realized that we have n’t got a list of just completely random fascinating obscure facts – thus was born this list .
Be sure to tell us your own favorites in the comments below as they may appear in a future list .
1 Fascinating Factlets 1 – 5
1 . In the game of Chess , the word “ checkmate ” comes from the Persian phrase “ shah mat ” and it means “ the King is dead ” .
2 . In 1835 , John Batman settled in what was to eventually become Melbourne , Australia .
He named it “ Batmania ” .
Two years later it was renamed Melbourne in honor of the Prime Minister , Lord Melbourne .
3 . A cannulated cow , also referred to as a cow with a window , is a cow that has been surgically fitted with a cannula , a porthole - like device which allows access to its rumen .
Cows undergo this procedure so that their nutritional needs and digestive processes can be more easily studied .
[ Picture above ]
4 . The rabbit test was an early pregnancy test developed in 1927 by Bernhard Zondek and Selmar Aschheim .
The test consisted of injecting the tested woman ’s urine into a female rabbit , then examining the rabbit ’s ovaries a few days later , which would change in response to a hormone only secreted by pregnant women .
Modern pregnancy tests use the same principle but no longer require an animal to discover the presence of the pregnancy hormone .
5 . While most male birds do not have “ external genitalia ” , some ducks have penises up to 14 inches long !!!!
They commonly rape the females who have adapted by developing a vagina with three paths , two of which are “ dead ends ” .
They have the ability to close off the true vaginal canal and send a rapist ’s sperm into a dead end at will .
If the rapists sperm does make it into the true vaginal canal , it is shaped like a coil and can be compressed to turn away unwanted insemination .
2 Fascinating Factlets 6 – 10
6 . A flatulist is a performer who receives payment for farting in an amusing and / or musical manner .
Saint Augustine in City of God ( 14.24 ) mentions some performers who did have “ such command of their bowels , that they can break wind continuously at will , so as to produce the effect of singing . ”
7 . The six - hour clock is a traditional timekeeping system used in Thailand alongside the official twenty - four - hour clock .
Like the other common systems , it counts twenty - four hours in a day , but divides the day into four quarters , counting six hours in each
8. Organ2 / ASLSP ( As SLow aS Possible ) is a musical piece composed by John Cage and is the subject of one of longest - lasting musical performances yet undertaken .
The current organ performance of the piece at St. Burchardi church in Halberstadt , Germany , began in 2001 and is scheduled to have a duration of 639 years , ending in 2640 .
9 . A pyrophone , also known as a “ fire / explosion organ ” or “ fire / explosion calliope ” is a musical instrument in which notes are sounded by explosions , or similar forms of rapid combustion , rapid heating , or the like .
The instrument is extremely unusual and makes music which is quite spooky .
You can see one in action in the clip above .
10 . Mistakes ( due to mishearing ) in songs are called mondegreens .
Most people have at one time or another inadvertently made a mondegreen when singing songs without knowing the correct lyrics .
Here is an example : ‘ Scuse me while I kiss this guy ( from a lyric in the song “ Purple Haze ” , by Jimi Hendrix : “ ‘ Scuse me while I kiss the sky ” ) .
3 Fascinating Factlets 11 – 15
11 . Ferret legging is a sport that seems to have been popular among coal miners in Yorkshire , England .
The Official Dictionary of Unofficial English defines it as “ an endurance test or stunt in which ferrets are trapped in pants worn by a participant ” .
The male - only contestants put live ferrets inside their trousers ; the winner is the one who is the last to release the animals .
Reg Mellor , a retired miner from Barnsley , holds the world record at five hours and twenty - six minutes , a feat he achieved in 1981 at the age of 66 .
12 . In Japan , Street names are seldom used in postal addresses ( except in Kyoto and some Hokkaid ?
cities such as Sapporo ) , and most Japanese streets do not have names .
Addresses are written from largest area to smallest ( the opposite of the Western method ) and each district , block , and house is numbered .
These numbers are what determine a specific residence .
[ Picture above ]
13 .
The glass delusion was an external manifestation of a psychiatric disorder recorded in Europe in the late middle ages ( 15th to 17th centuries ) .
People feared that they were made of glass “ and therefore likely to shatter into pieces ” .
One famous early sufferer was King Charles VI of France who refused to allow people to touch him , and wore reinforced clothing to protect himself from accidental “ shattering ” .
14 .
The miracle fruit , or miracle berry plant ( Synsepalum dulcificum ) , produces berries that , when eaten , cause sour foods ( such as lemons and limes ) subsequently consumed to taste sweet .
Needless to say this gives rise to some great party tricks .
15 . The Forer effect is the observation that individuals will give high accuracy ratings to descriptions of their personality that supposedly are tailored specifically for them , but are in fact vague and general enough to apply to a wide range of people .
This is the effect which makes fortune telling and horoscopes appear so accurate when they are , in fact , entirely fabricated .
Photoexcited porphyrin dimers incorporated into thin dye - sensitized solar cells show efficient and fast electron injection , improving the light harvesting efficiency by 30 % .
Image copyright : Mozer , et al .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Porphyrins are most commonly thought of as the pigment in red blood cells , but now scientists have found that porphyrins can also be used to increase the efficiency of an inexpensive type of solar cell .
In a recent study , researchers have found that a variety of porphyrin arrays can improve the solar - to - electrical energy conversion efficiency of dye - sensitized solar cells ( DSSCs ) , and could potentially be used to construct larger 3 - D light harvesting arrays .
The researchers , Attila J. Mozer and colleagues from the University of Wollongong in Australia , Shinshu University in Japan , the University of Otago in New Zealand , and the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology in Japan , have published their study in a recent issue of the Journal of the American Chemical Society .
Regarded as an inexpensive alternative to silicon solar cells , dye - sensitized solar cells work by imitating the way plants convert sunlight into energy .
Rather than using silicon to absorb light , DSSCs absorb light using dye molecules , which are chemically bound to a porous film of titanium dioxide .
When a dye molecule absorbs a photon from sunlight , it ejects an electron into the titanium dioxide , and then the dye molecule is recharged by an electrolyte .
“ The emulation of photosynthesis , the efficient and sustainable utilization of solar energy using renewable materials , represents one of the great scientific challenges or ‘ Holy Grails ’ of the 21st century , ” Mozer and coauthor David Officer , also of the University of Wollongong , told PhysOrg.com .
As the scientists explained , at the heart of this light - harvesting process are chlorophyll antennae .
“ Synthetic porphyrin molecules such as tetraphenylporphyrin A have similar optical properties to those of chlorophyll B but are much more easily manipulated in the laboratory , ” the scientists said .
In the current study , the scientists designed two new kinds of porphyrin dimers composed of two monoporphyrin dyes linked in different ways , and incorporated them into DSSCs .
In experiments , the researchers found that the dimers , when excited by a photon , could quickly and efficiently inject an electron into the titanium dioxide .
Their measurements showed that both monoporphyrins within the dimers contributed to the electron injection .
Overall , the scientists found that the DSSCs with porphyrin dimers offered significant advantages in several areas : the modified thin film solar cells offered a 20 % increase in the light harvesting efficiency , and a 10 % increase in the incident photon - to - current conversion efficiency .
Further , by incorporating the porphyrin dimers into the DSSCs , the researchers could achieve an absorbed photon - to - current conversion efficiency of 70 - 80 % .
“ The best efficiency for a ruthenium dye - sensitized solar cell is around 12 % , and 7 % for a porphyrin - sensitized solar cell , both using thick ( 15 - 20 micron ) titanium dioxide photoanodes , ” the scientists said .
“ The dimers help to increase the efficiency of thin ( about 2.5 micron is demonstrated in the paper ) dye - sensitized solar cells due to the increased light harvesting .
The improvement demonstrated in our article is from 2.9 % for the N719 standard ruthenium dye to 3.8 % for the P10 linear dimer , an overall 30 % increase .
The challenge is of course to increase thin film efficiency as close to the 12 % of thick film devices using larger arrays . ”
The scientists found that both kinds of porphyrin dimers performed well in these experiments , suggesting that both dimers could be used as building blocks to construct larger 3 - D light harvesting arrays with efficient solar energy conversion .
“ Light harvesting in the dye - sensitized solar cell relies on the photoactivity of a single dye layer , effectively 2 - D rather than 3 - D light harvesting , ” the researchers said .
“ A significant research effort has been invested in creating multichromophoric dye arrays in order to go beyond this conventional approach .
However , introduction of these arrays into photovoltaic devices has not provided major improvement to date . ”
As the scientists explain , there are number of challenges facing DSSCs .
These challenges include improving the charge transport and increasing cell efficiency by using more red absorbing dyes or mixtures of dyes that absorb light at different wavelengths across the solar spectrum .
More information : Attila J. Mozer , et al .
“ Zn - Zn Porphyrin Dimer - Sensitized Solar Cells : Toward 3 - D Light Harvesting . ”
J. Am. Chem . Soc. DOI : 10.1021/ ja9057713
Copyright 2009 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Record high performance with new solar cells
Supervised exercises are more effective than shockwave treatment to relieve chronic shoulder pain , finds a study published on bmj.com today .
Shoulder pain is the fourth most common type of musculoskeletal pain reported to general practitioners and physiotherapists .
Treatments often include physiotherapy , non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs , and steroid injections .
Physiotherapy can include shockwave treatment , ultrasound , exercises and acupuncture .
Several studies have suggested that shockwave treatment may not be effective , but it continues to be used widely .
So a team of researchers based in Oslo , Norway compared the effectiveness of radial extracorporeal shockwave treatment ( low to medium energy impulses delivered into the tissue ) with supervised exercises in patients with shoulder pain .
The study involved 104 men and women aged between 18 and 70 years attending the outpatient clinic at Ullevaal University Hospital in Oslo with shoulder pain lasting at least three months .
Participants were randomised to receive either radial extracorporeal shockwave treatment ( one session weekly for four to six weeks ) or supervised exercises ( two 45 minute sessions weekly for up to 12 weeks ) .
Both groups were similar at the start of the study with regard to age , education , dominant arm affected and pain duration .
All patients were monitored at six , 12 and 18 weeks and were advised not to have any additional treatment except analgesics ( including anti-inflammatory drugs ) during the follow - up period .
Pain and disability were measured using a recognised scoring index .
After 18 weeks , 32 ( 64 % ) of patients in the exercise group achieved a reduction in shoulder pain and disability scores compared with 18 ( 36 % ) in the shockwave treatment group .
More patients in the exercise group returned to work , while more patients in the shockwave treatment group had additional treatment after 12 weeks , suggesting that they were less satisfied .
These results are in agreement with results from previous trials recommending exercise therapy and do not strengthen the evidence for extracorporeal shockwave treatment , say the authors .
They conclude : " Supervised exercises were more effective than radial extracorporeal shockwave treatment for short term improvement in patients with subacromial shoulder pain . "
Source : BMJ - British Medical Journal
Surgeons say " going too big " can create an unnatural look and breast tissue damage
Surgeons say “ going too big ” can create an unnatural look as well as breast tissue damage , drooping and over - stretched skin .
But the desire to copy the enhanced bosoms of stars like Katie Price and Pamela Anderson is strong .
Cosmetic surgeon Roy Ng said : “ Seven years ago most women wanted to go up one cup size .
Today the average is one and a half to two cup sizes .
This is an average increase of 15 to 25 per cent . ”
His colleague Patrick Mallucci added : “ There is a fine line between enhancement and distortion .
“ Yes , you can go bigger , but let ’s be sensible about this because there are down sides to going too big . ”
Meet Bob .
Bob is a severed zombie head .
In Collapse , the upcoming zombie apocalypse movie now filming in Iowa , main character Robert ( Chris Mulkey of Saving Grace , Cloverfield , North Country , Radio ) carries our little buddy “ Bob ” around with him .
Find out more about Bob , and see six more images of the zombies of of Collapse , after the break .
Production intern Ronnie M. Williams has this to say on the origins of Bob :
At one point in the film Robert , the lead character , finds the zombie head a sink .
Robert attempts to drown the head by filling the sink with water , but it floats and bobs on the surface .
He tries to hold it under the water , but since it does n’t breathe , it has no effect .
Robert decides to take the zombie head with him instead of shooting it .
He shoves a sock in its mouth and stuffs it in a bag for easier handling .
Seems like a good plan , especially since there ’s been a severe lack of severed - head zombies on the silver screen since ReAnimator .
And I have to say , all these zombies look pretty damn good .
They ’re the work of Toby Sells , the make - up and special effects artist for Collapse , who ’s also worked on eight other zombie films including Zombieland .
Nice work , Mr. Sells !
You can find more info and images on the official Collapse Facebook page .
Hey , we are alive !
In the end we did n't need any escape pods :
The Large Hadron Collider has smashed two particle beams together for the first time .
However , the unknown is still ahead of us , as they ramp things up :
Next on the schedule is an intense commissioning phase aimed at increasing the beam intensity and accelerating the beams .
All being well , by Christmas , the LHC should reach 1.2 TeV per beam , and have provided good quantities of collision data for the experiments ' calibrations .
Advertisement
1.2 tera -electro volts ?
Great .
Hookai , so , until Christmas you have two options :
One , you can keep going on with your normal beige life , not taking any chances or risks , typing away in your hamster wheel .
Two , remember that life can end at any moment , and get out of the wheel .
To a beach .
Preferably with another hamster .
One with a nice butt and a pretty smile .
These are the computer images showing the first collisions :
Two circulating beams bring first collisions in the LHC Geneva , 23 November 2009 .
Today the LHC circulated two beams simultaneously for the first time , allowing the operators to test the synchronization of the beams and giving the experiments their first chance to look for proton - proton collisions .
With just one bunch of particles circulating in each direction , the beams can be made to cross in up to two places in the ring .
From early in the afternoon , the beams were made to cross at points 1 and 5 , home to the ATLAS and CMS detectors , both of which were on the lookout for collisions .
Later , beams crossed at points 2 and 8 , ALICE and LHCb .
" It 's a great achievement to have come this far in so short a time , " said CERN * Director General Rolf Heuer .
" But we need to keep a sense of perspective – there 's still much to do before we can start the LHC physics programme . "
Beams were first tuned to produce collisions in the ATLAS detector , which recorded its first candidate for collisions at 14:22 this afternoon .
Later , the beams were optimised for CMS .
In the evening , ALICE had the first optimisation , followed by LHCb .
" This is great news , the start of a fantastic era of physics and hopefully discoveries after 20 years ' work by the international community to build a machine and detectors of unprecedented complexity and performance , " said ATLAS spokesperson Fabiola Gianotti .
" The events so far mark the start of the second half of this incredible voyage of discovery of the secrets of nature , " said CMS spokesperson Tejinder Virdee .
" It was standing room only in the ALICE control room and cheers erupted with the first collisions , " said ALICE spokesperson Jurgen Schukraft .
" This is simply tremendous . "
" The tracks we 're seeing are beautiful , " said LHCb spokesperson Andrei Golutvin , " we 're all ready for serious data taking in a few days time . "
These developments come just three days after the LHC restart , demonstrating the excellent performance of the beam control system .
Since the start - up , the operators have been circulating beams around the ring alternately in one direction and then the other at the injection energy of 450 GeV .
The beam lifetime has gradually been increased to 10 hours , and today beams have been circulating simultaneously in both directions , still at the injection energy .
Next on the schedule is an intense commissioning phase aimed at increasing the beam intensity and accelerating the beams .
All being well , by Christmas , the LHC should reach 1.2 TeV per beam , and have provided good quantities of collision data for the experiments ' calibrations .
Advertisement
I 'm happy it worked for you , people , because I 'm for sure glad of not being sucked in by a Black Hole right now .
Life is good , my dear boys and girls .
Life is good .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
It 's a word much applied by opponents to the British National Party and other radical political movements , but what is a " fascist " ?
Both of these men are often categorised as fascists " Fascist " and " fascism " are terms that one might suppose to be simple badges , but dig beneath the surface and there are myriad complexities and a morass of academic debate .
It is more than six decades since the end of World War II and the fall of Nazi Germany , but those events are the prism through which the word " fascism " is still viewed .
The first " fascist " movement to gain power was Mussolini's Blackshirts in Italy in 1922 .
Their movement could certainly be said to be nationalist and authoritarian , as well as accepting of violence in the struggle for political power , but much of the rest of its characteristics have been subject to academic dispute .
" Frustratingly , I can't give a simple definition , " says Kevin Passmore , reader in history at Cardiff University and author of Fascism : A Very Short Introduction .
" It depends on definitions . "
If your definition of " fascist " is someone who holds beliefs that can be categorised as " fascism " , the terms fascism still needs to be defined .
THE ANSWER
There is n't an answer Many say ' fascists ' are authoritarian and nationalist
But some say racism is part of the definition Others link the term to its Italian genesis
While still more use an amalgam of the Blackshirts and the Nazis " You can say 'is fascism a movement that resembles what fascism was in Italy ? ' " says Mr Passmore .
But for many users of the terms , fascist and fascism must be a blend of the common denominators between Italian fascism and German Nazism .
But in a letter to the Times on Tuesday , Sir Peregrine Worsthorne is keen to distinguish the terms .
The 85 - year - old former Sunday Telegraph editor confesses that like " most of my octogenarian generation of British ... [ I ] believed in white superiority " .
But that " in no way meant [ we ] were fascists , " says Sir Peregrine , before adding he is " no longer a racist " .
One of the problems in likening fascism to Nazism is that the two do not cross over as neatly as some people assume .
Racism , and particularly anti-Semitism , was central to the ideology of Nazism , but the position in Italian fascism was far more ambiguous .
So for some scholars , the mere presence of racism in a modern group 's ideology might not be enough to earn the " fascist " label .
Fascism in Italy also had corporatism ingrained in is political make - up .
Corporatism is usually defined as a political and economic system where individuals are organised into different groups - for example " plumbers " or " priests " - within the state , negotiating with other groups to make progress .
Some activists would accept the fascist label while others eschew it It is unlike a modern liberal democracy where the basic political unit is the individual .
The corporatist model emphasises co-operation over competition .
Another characteristic associated with fascism is autarky - the self - sufficient economy .
But by no means all modern autarkic states - Afghanistan under the Taliban , for example - have been widely classed as fascist .
Fascist symbols are also significant .
The term derives from the " fasces " - the axe and bundle of rods used in ancient Rome - sported by Mussolini 's fascists .
Franco's Falangists , used arrows joined by a yoke , the symbol of Queen Isabella and King Ferdinand .
The Nazis used a Swastika .
Symbols that in some way echo these older motifs are common among some modern extremists .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular part of the BBC News Magazine , Who , What , Why ?
aims to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
Of course , another problem in refining a " fascist " label is that the stated ideology of the Italian fascists and the German Nazis often did not marry up completely with the political policies they pursued .
But the clearest problem in the definition of the word " fascist " is the very wideness of its application over the years .
There is a plethora of uses from Rick in the Young Ones deploying it as an insult , to the Oxford English Dictionary 's differing definitions " ( loosely ) a person of right - wing authoritarian views " and " a person who advocates a particular viewpoint or practice in a manner perceived as intolerant or authoritarian " .
So you have " body fascism " .
Broadly speaking , in political discourse , it is a " boo word " , a term used more for purposes of condemnation than precise categorisation .
The Nazis were bad , and in this view their ideology was fundamentally linked to fascism , meaning that fascism is fundamentally bad .
" It is a useful political weapon to say a modern political movement is like fascism , " says Mr Passmore .
And those groups often categorised by opponents as fascist , like the BNP , often choose not to use it to describe themselves .
One definition is entirely related to Italian fascism " You can ask why do n't they call themselves fascists given they admire several aspects .
Why is it it remains a bad word ?
Anti-fascist movements have often said fascism is the same as Nazism , " notes Mr Passmore .
There might be some who prefer an " elephant in the room " definition , believing that it is possible to know a " fascist " when one sees one , even if a precise definition is hard to come by .
For them any nationalist political movement that is authoritarian , opposed to free speech , in favour of a one party state or dictatorship , and seems to have racist tendencies , is open to the " fascist " label .
But the debate over a precise definition will roll on .
" Students like to think this word means this , " says Mr Passmore .
" I lean towards the view that it 's much more interesting to look at how the term has been used .
History and life is about debate over what words mean . "
Here is a selection of your comments .
One of the greatest mistakes that people make concerning fascism is associating it with " right wing " ideology .
In fact fascism and right wing thought are completely opposed to each other in terms of their fundamental goals and ideal ( their roots ) .
To put it as simply as possible fascism is a political force that wishes to begin a new state of equality in a sort of national rebirth .
This is different from right wing thought because it wishes to preserve a sort of " status quo " and the stability of a traditional order .
Thomas , Massachusetts
Much more interesting than the definition of " fascist " which has in many instances become little more than a catch - all perjorative , is the wider definition of " right wing " .
So for example , the BNP is classed as " right wing " ( indeed usually " extreme right wing " ) , yet its economic aims would largely find favour with the left of " Old " ( and not so old ) Labour .
A person who believes in " small " government , the rights and responsibilities of the individual , and the private sector , is usually regarded as " right wing " , yet corporatism and state control , as is pointed out in this article , is seen as fascist which is always " right wing " .
Right wing is seen as reactionary , yet people who stand up for democracy , sovereignty and the sanctity of the UK parliament are seen as reactionary , while people who champion the unelected supremacy of the EU are seen as progressive .
Steve , London UK
My basic understanding is that fascism is generally made of concepts of authoritarianism , nationalism , militarism and racial supremacy .
My studies , as a student have also suggested that fascist look to some historic state as the ideal , such as Hitler 's desire to recreate a Germany based on earlier " Reichs " or Mussolini 's desire to recreate the Roman Empire , while never accepting the present situation of the state as ideal .
Martin Meyer , Dundee , Scotland
While fascism might often have racist undertones , Mussolini gave the world a very concise and convenient definition : " Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power . "
Now , obviously authoritarianism and nationalism are natural consequences of this definition .
But , what is ironic is that while most ( including the article ) agree that Mussolini was the first to implement fascism , no one wants to quote Mussolini definition of fascism as even a starting point to a more encompassing definition .
Instead , politicians and scholars , alike , seem to rather simply equate fascism to the Nazi party , thus polarizing the debate and rendering fascism as a " dirty " and politically incorrect word .
However , the " inconvenient truth " is that Western governments ( and their economies ) already closely mirror those of Germany and Italy in the late 1920s .
George P. Burdell , Atlanta , Georgia , USA
Surely it is the way a word is currently used that matters ?
" Fascist " has come to mean someone of extreme right - wing or bigoted views to the vast majority of people , so is n't that what the word actually means ?
Catherine Hilton , Todmorden , England " Fascism " these days is taken to be synonymous with the Far Right , but in fact it is and always was a socialist movement .
Both fascist and Nazi parties advocated a state - controlled and planned economy , centralised authority and collectivism ( sacrificing individual liberty to the ends of society ) .
In fact , the only difference between fascism and communism was the group that was to be favoured in the revolution : for the fascists it was defined by race ; for the communists , by class .
But in practice even this distinction was blurred .
Tom , London
A major problem with the " elephant in the room " definition given at the bottom is that it includes many regimes that - almost self - definingly - could not be called fascist .
Stalin's Soviet Union would fit as fascist by that definition , yet was ostensibly communist - and communism is usually regarded as the exact opposite extreme of fascism .
Dave Lowering , Melbourne , Australia
As a history graduate I had the pleasure of studying fascism at the University of Sheffield .
The module itself was confined within the years " 1914 - 1945 " , which I think is a very telling indication of what the intended " definition " of the word was .
Of course fascism is ultra-nationalist , even virulently so ; of course , it 's totalitarian - based around an autocratic hierarchy ; and of course fascism has , I believe , pseudo - racial / xenophobic implications due to its intrinsically nationalistic character .
Alas , the word has become far too liberally applied .
For example , I despair when some unread people equate fascism and communism ( notably Stalinism ) as one and the same thing - simultaneously overlooking the profound and intricate details of their unique ideological origins .
There seems to be this idea that just because Stalin and Hitler 's regimes committed acts of despicable genocide they are automatically the same breed .
Danny Bird , Bristol , UK Fascism is now a useless word having so many negative connotations as to render it virtually meaningless .
In academic circles the differences between Italian and Spanish Fascism and German Nazism are understood but still terminology gets in the way .
But it is surprising how many " fascist " ideas keep appearing in modern politics under different names .
When Tony Blair announced the " Third Way " in British politics in the 1997 election he was using a term coined by Mussolini about the corporate state .
The corporate state allowed big business to operate in a purely commercial way until it was deemed to have failed when the state would step in and impose a socialist style planned economy .
The grouping of workers into similar trades was seen as a way of protecting them from the predations of big business and managing their labour / trade as part of a planned economy .
Thus the Third way was a middle ground between a socialist planned economy and a democratic / liberal market economy .
Hugh Davie , London UK Fascism simply means extreme collectivism .
The individual is worthless and all that matters is the group - in most cases the nation .
Nazis are just one type of fascist and it also includes communists and those traditionally believed conceived as being on the extreme left .
They also believe in giving absolute power to the state , shutting down debate and " removing " individuals seen as disruptive to the " good of the whole " .
Chris , London Surely the best definitions work on etymological principles .
The fasces symbolised the authority of the state to inflict corporal punishment ( with the axe in the middle of the bundle symbolising its right to impose death ) .
I take the defining quality of fascism to be this elevation of state power to absolute levels - " this is the state above the law " - coupled with the state exercising social control by the denial of people 's right to free association .
Under this definition , fascist states include those of Stalin , Mao and Pol Pot , as well as Hitler and Mussolini .
This seems quite reasonable to me , as they seem to have recognisable features in common that can fairly be described by the word " fascism " .
John D Salt , Risca , Caerfilli
An essential element of fascism is German political idealism , where ( among several things ) the individual is subservient to the state .
Giovanni Gentile imported German idealism into Italy .
Any definition of fascism behooves the inclusion of its basic philosophical background and ideas .
Because of this Franco cannot be properly catalogued a fascist .
Rafael Gonzalez , Greoux les bains , France
In my view , the Taliban are fascists .
They do not want any one who does not agree with their brand of Islam ( which , in my opinion , is totally off the track of what Islamic values and ideals are ) .
They do not believe in free speech , free movement , and are very intolerant of even moderate individualism .
Let 's stand up against the fascists ( white supremacists ) here in the UK and the fascists ( Taliban and their like ) in Pakistan .
Human civilisation depends on it .
S Shafqat , Pakistan / UK
This brings to mind the question of whether the Soviet Union , for all its anti-fascist ( ie anti-German ) propaganda during the Second World War , was itself fascist .
Soviet communism seems to meet every one of the aforementioned criteria , except for the use of the fasces as a symbol .
Ironically , the US dime ( 10 cent piece ) , from 1916 until 1945 , depicted the fasces on its reverse .
Ben S , New Orleans , USA I like to use Thomas Sowell 's definition as he is an economist who has written extensively on this subject .
Fascists , communists and Nazis are all socialists , which has as its central doctrine totalitarian dictatorship , centrally planned economy , and ownership of the means of production of the government .
The difference between them is merely membership .
The communist doctrine is by class , by Nazism by race ( regardless of what race ) and fascism by corporate membership ( by fact of citizenship or physical presence ) .
By these definitions it is easy to identify the flavour of socialist one may be .
It also reminds us of the core values of each type : government ownership of everything including human and civil rights .
this is why the government can kill off those who do n't fit the definition they have chosen .
Donald , Tulsa , United States " Fascist " - like " racist " - is , as you say , a boo -word , something you accuse your opponent of when you cannot be bothered to actually present any argument to justify your disagreement with his opinion .
Megan , Cheshire UK
A fascist is someone you can't agree with .
Simple .
Mo , Corby
When I was at school we were taught a definition of fascism as " a system of government that sanctifies the interests of the state over those of the individual " .
Eustace Tuttle , London
For me , a central aspect of Fascism is the externalisation of conflict , an exemplar of which can be found in George Orwell 's " 1984 " where , with the lack of any external threat , one needs to be invented in order to unify society and mobilise it to war .
I think a key work in this field is Slavoj Zizek 's " The Sublime Object of Ideology " - which examines the psychoanalytic idea that the individual subject and society as a whole is inherently internally antagonistic , and the fascistic consequence of externalising this in ideology ...
Peter Robinson , London I do n't know why " Marxist " has n't also become a pejorative term .
It could be argued that Stalin , Mao Tse Tung etc , have been responsible for more misery and deaths than Hitler , Mussolini and Franco were .
Personally , I think most " isms " are obnoxious and anti-human .
Skeptic , Bognor Regis I 'm going to use the biological to explain fascism .
Fascia is an uninterrupted , three - dimensional web of tissue that extends from head to toe , from front to back , from interior to exterior .
It is responsible for maintaining structural integrity ; for providing support and protection ; and acts as a shock absorber .
Fascia comes from the Latin for a band , if you look at your image of the axe and rods there is a band surrounding it .
Therefore fascism is the binding of society into a collective with structural integrity that works together for a common cause , whether that cause is good or bad .
Stuart , Manchester Fascist is not the same thing as Nazi .
Had Mussolini joined with Britain in 1940 , and Italy been invaded by Germany several years earlier the title ' Fascist ' would have a much different meaning in this country .
Brian Gates , Medway Kent
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The unemployment rate last month soared above 10 % for the first time since the early 1980s , a milestone likely to weigh on consumer confidence and stir new efforts in Washington to spur job creation .
Some 558,000 people joined the ranks of the jobless in October , sending the rate to 10.2 % and the tally of officially unemployed Americans to 15.7 million , the Labor Department said .
The 10 % figure could overshadow last week 's news that the economy began growing again this summer after a long contraction .
" Ten ...
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 22/10/2009 ( 3995 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
GABRIELLE GIRODAY / FREE PRESS ARCHIVES Kyle Unger
WINNIPEG -- Kyle Unger , who served 14 years in prison after being convicted in a teenage girl 's grisly slaying , is expected to walk out of a Winnipeg courtroom today with his freedom and name fully restored .
The Crown wo n't simply stay the first - degree murder charge that has hung over Unger 's head , but will take the extra step of agreeing to have him formally acquitted , a source close to the case told The Canadian Press .
" This is the first time in ( Manitoba's ) history this has happened , " the source said .
Unger was convicted , along with Timothy Houlahan , in the grisly death of Brigitte Grenier , who was beaten , sexually assaulted and mutilated at a rock concert southwest of Winnipeg in 1990 .
Only 19 at the time , Unger was found guilty based largely on a questionable confession he gave to undercover police and a hair found on the victim 's clothing , which an RCMP expert testified belonged to Unger .
Unger maintained his innocence and DNA testing would eventually prove that the hair was not his .
Questions also arose about the confession .
Unger said he lied to the undercover officers , who told him they were drug dealers , because he wanted to work with them .
Unger was released from prison in 2005 and last March the federal justice minister ordered a new trial , saying in a written statement that a " miscarriage of justice likely occurred . "
Since then , the Crown has been working to decide whether to retry Unger , withdraw the charge -- which would leave open the possibility of a retrial -- or clear his name by agreeing to have him acquitted .
A retrial may have been a challenge to mount .
The disproven hair was the only physical evidence linking Unger to the crime .
The undercover sting that led to his confession has holes in it because his recounting of the killing included several factual errors .
He told the undercover agents that he had killed Grenier on a bridge , which , in fact , was n't built until months after the killing .
The only witness who claimed to have seen Unger take part in Grenier 's killing was Houlahan .
Houlahan 's conviction was overturned on appeal in 1994 and he committed suicide while awaiting a new trial .
An acquittal on Friday would mark a turning point for Manitoba 's prosecution service .
In a similar wrongful conviction case , that of James Driskell , the Crown was criticized for staying a murder charge instead of formally acquitting him .
A stayed charge leaves the accused with a permanent stigma and " is not a satisfactory final remedy , " retired judge Patrick Lesage wrote after presiding over a public inquiry into the Driskell case .
Driskell was convicted in the 1990 murder of Perry Dean Harder in Winnipeg , based largely on three hairs found in his van .
An RCMP forensics expert testified they belonged to the victim .
But DNA testing in 2002 proved the hairs came from three different people , none of whom were Harder .
It was the Driskell case that prompted Manitoba to review Unger 's and other cases involving hair analysis .
-- The Canadian Press
By : Derek Yu
On : October 24th , 2009
Calling all artists , musicians , and programmers !
A two - part TIGSource Competition is beginning !
In Assemblee , artists , musicians , and coders will work separately to create games together .
The first part is a month - long art and music competition , where entrants submit as many cool art and music assets as possible .
Anything your febrile creative mind can come up with – characters , backgrounds , user interfaces , random icons , crazy tunes , sound effects , and who knows what else .
We ’ll cheer you on as you dump your brain onto the internet for us to look at .
In the second part is for you design monkeys and code wizards .
You guys will have one month to make games using only the assets created for part 1 .
Could that sprite be used as a character for my game , or maybe as something else entirely ?
What kind of game does this song make me think of ?
You guys and gals better cheer the loudest for the artists and musicians , because whatever they make , you ’ll have to use !
This is a competition about interpreting game artwork ( both 2d and 3d ) and music and finding interesting uses for them .
It ’s also about sharing – all the art and music will be made freely available to the public for non-commercial usage .
Part 1 is beginning RIGHT NOW !
Join the fun !
Before our planets found their way to the stable orbits they circle in today , they wiggled and jostled about like unsettled children .
Now , NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope has found a young star with evidence for the same kind of orbital hyperactivity .
Young planets circling the star are thought to be disturbing smaller comet - like bodies , causing them to collide and kick up a huge halo of dust .
The star , called HR 8799 , was in the news last November 2008 , for being one of the first of two stars with imaged planets .
Ground - based telescopes at the W.M. Keck Observatory and the Gemini Observatory , both in Hawaii , took images of three planets orbiting in the far reaches of the system , all three being roughly 10 times the mass of Jupiter .
Another imaged planet was also announced at the same time around the star Fomalhaut , as seen by NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope .
Both HR 8799 and Fomalhaut are younger and more massive than our sun .
Astronomers had previously used both Spitzer and Hubble to image a rotating disk of planetary debris around Fomalhaut , which is 25 light - years from Earth .
HR 8799 is about five times farther away , so scientists were n't sure if Spitzer would be able to capture a picture of its disk .
To their amazement and delight , Spitzer succeeded .
The Spitzer team , led by Kate Su of the University of Arizona , Tucson , says the giant cloud of fine dust around the disk is very unusual .
They say this dust must be coming from collisions among small bodies similar to the comets or icy bodies that make up today 's Kuiper Belt objects in our solar system .
The gravity of the three large planets is throwing the smaller bodies off course , causing them to migrate around and collide with each other .
Astronomers think the three planets might have yet to reach their final stable orbits , so more violence could be in store .
" The system is very chaotic and collisions are spraying up a huge cloud of fine dust , " said Su . " What 's exciting is that we have a direct link between a planetary disk and imaged planets .
We 've been studying disks for a long time , but this star and Fomalhaut are the only two examples of systems where we can study the relationships between the locations of planets and the disks . "
When our solar system was young , it went through similar planet migrations .
Jupiter and Saturn moved around quite a bit , throwing comets around , sometimes into Earth .
Some say the most extreme part of this phase , called the late heavy bombardment , explains how our planet got water .
Wet , snowball - like comets are thought to have crashed into Earth , delivering life 's favorite liquid .
The Spitzer results were published in the Nov. 1 issue of Astrophysical Journal .
The observations were made before Spitzer began its " warm " mission and used up its liquid coolant .
CIUDAD OJEDA , VENEZUELA ( Reuters ) -
Five months after Venezuela nationalized dozens of oil service contractors in Zulia state , the once - bustling industrial dock on Lake Maracaibo is nearly abandoned , and the 16 red flags raised to celebrate the takeovers are already tattered and faded .
A few small groups of workers remain , hoping to get the jobs they were promised after the expropriations .
“ We demand our jobs .
Because we have n’t gotten an answer , we ’re still here , ” said Demostenes Velasquez , who for months has lived under thescorching sun in a tent improvised from remnants of oil union election pamphlets .
Like Velasquez , many workers on the eastern shores of the lake have protested or gone on hunger strikes to demand jobs promised them after President Hugo Chavez ’s government expropriated 76 oil services companies on the Maracaibo Lake .
The western region has a long history of oil production .
As part of his drive to install socialism in the OPEC nation , Chavez expropriated the companies contracted by state - run PDVSA , with promises of social prosperity and worker justice .
Over the months since then , protests have intensified so much the government sent troops to control the discontented workers .
Many of the protesters sewed their lips together and chained their hands and feet to call the president ’s attention to their plight .
BROKEN PROMISES
Despite the protests , most of the workers do n’t blame Chavez or his revolution , but individual managers of the state oil company .
“ Five months ago , our President Hugo Chavez announced the glorious news ( of the nationalization ) that would benefit the town , but some ( PDVSA ) managers have contradicted it , ” said Velasquez , a self - proclaimed “ Chavista ” who dresses in the red clothing popular with champions of the president .
The raft of nationalizations in Venezuela since 2007 has brought pressures on the government to improve lives for workers .
But petroleum revenues have dropped with crude oil prices in the recession , leaving Venezuela without funds to fulfill the promises made to gain worker support .
“ If we took control of these businesses to continue exploiting workers , it would have made no sense to nationalize them , ” Rafael Ramirez , energy minister and president of PDVSA , said in July , predicting a bright future for the workers .
The situation has repeated itself in various nationalized industries , putting pressure on Chavez to demonstrate his oft - repeated assertion his government advocates for workers .
Analysts believe Chavez ’s popularity , which is still above 50 percent , could suffer from worker discontent as families with falling incomes struggle with double - digit inflation and cutbacks in state subsidies .
COLLATERAL DAMAGE
PDVSA says in the next months it will appraise the occupied assets and provide compensation , despite the fact that the state owes its suppliers a debt of around $ 4.5 billion .
“ With all the companies concerned ready to negotiate the settlement terms and come to an agreement ...
Nobody has a gun to their head , ” said Eulogio del Pino , PDVSA ’s vice president of exploration and production , at an oil exhibition in Maracaibo , the capital of Zulia .
He announced that other companies will also be nationalized .
Experts said production in west Maracaibo has a capacity of up to 1 million barrels per day ( bpd ) .
But experts say its rate of decline has accelerated since nationalizations .
“ The sad thing is that after the nationalizations , PDVSA will need some of these businesses , the largest ones , to provide it with services , ” said a trade union leader who asked not to be named .
PDVSA says it will extract an additional 220,000 bpd , adding to the 700,000 bpd currently produced from the region .
The oil industry slowdown has reverberated throughout the economy .
According to the Association of Retailers and Industrialists of Lagunillas , commercial activity in the region has contracted between 30 and 70 percent .
Meanwhile , Velasquez and his family take refuge from the suffocating humidity in their battered shelter at the gates of the Papagayo docks .
A few meters away , an enormous fence plastered with Chavez ’s likeness reads : “ Proud of the rescue of our docks . ”
One of the best ways you can prepare for the future is to train yourself to become an entrepreneur -- essentially a person that makes their own economic opportunities .
It 's going to become a major differentiator between those that succeed and those that fail in a harsh global system ( this expertise has been deprecated by a system that prides itself on manufacturing salaried consumption bots ) .
So , as your salary melts away , your pension evaporates , or your job gets outsourced -- here 's a quick guide on how to bootstrap the process :
Learn how to sell .
Most people do n't know to close a deal .
Take any job that offers you a chance to sell and that puts you in the proximity of great salespeople ( this should be the first stop for ex-government or military employees on the way out as the gov't downsizes ) .
Deconstruct any business you see .
Estimate revenues .
Evaluate competition and competitive advantage and marketing .
Etc. Find out how they make money and how much .
Get experience in an industry or area that you love ( so much so that it does n't seem like work ) .
Find out everything on how money flows in that industry / area .
Who makes the most and why ?
Look for gaps , errors , and failures .
Anything that can be improved in that target industry area .
Evaluate the opportunity to fill that gap ( less upfront cost the better ) .
Start something .
Think in terms of organic growth .
Start very small and self - finance .
Bootstrap .
Never borrow or take external investment if at all possible ( the financial capitalist system will grind you up if it gets the opportunity ) .
Expand slowly .
Learn from your own failures .
Do after action analysis .
Be ruthless in this .
Your failures will be numerous so do n't expect otherwise .
Hire slowly and with extreme care .
Ethics over ambition .
Commitment over greed .
Invest everything you make into more entrepreneurial opportunities that you control or can touch ( or into systems that make you more independent by reducing living costs ) .
Do n't put anything into stocks or bonds ( essentially , financial derivatives of real world activity ) .
Cooperate with others to eliminate barriers .
Some objectives are too big for a single person or partnership to tackle .
Joining or creating open source networks that break down barriers may help .
There 's lots more .
Will post more later ( contributions welcome ) .
* It 's my belief that that the potential for the success of a resilient community will be a function of the quality and number of its entrepreneurs .
" He 's been coming here for years and years , " she said .
" I think it is very unfair thaty they have blocked him now .
It has cost me a fortune in hotel bills and I feel we have been led up the garden path " .
Description :
What is Consciousness and what does it mean to be you ?
" The Search For Consciousness , The Search For Me . " Following Marcus du Sautoy 's documentary for BBC Television , Philosopher and Quantum Theorist Karl L Le Marcs writes on the content of the programme and expands the areas discussed to deeper levels of Consciousness Studies , Quantum Mechanics , Philosophy and Spirituality .
A house capable of floating atop rising floodwaters made its debut Tuesday in New Orleans alongside more than a dozen other homes built through actor Brad Pitt 's Make It Right Foundation .
Called the FLOAT
House , the unique home aims to answer the challenge posed by the Big Easy 's flood risk , starkly illustrated by the rising waters of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
" I wanted to float it down the Mississippi River to New Orleans , " architect Thom Mayne says with a chuckle while in New Orleans for Tuesday 's event .
Instead , the home was shipped in pieces from Los Angeles , where it had been constructed on UCLA 's campus .
The dwelling was designed by Morphosis Architects under the direction of Mr. Mayne , a professor at UCLA .
Mayne said it 's the first of its kind to be permitted in the United States .
It is long and narrow like the traditional New Orleans shotgun home and sits on a raised 4 - foot base .
It also has a front porch .
But the home is contemporary in design , with sharp angles and energy efficient features like solar panels and a roof designed to capture and recycle water .
" You have to build a house for the environment , for the reoccurrence of hurricanes , but it can also be energy efficient , " Mayne says .
No one lives there yet , but a family could buy the home and move in as early as next month , says Tom Darden , executive director of Make It Right .
The group says it went through the local zoning and permitting channels before erecting the 1,000 square - foot , two - bedroom house on the site .
Residents must qualify through the foundation to be eligible for the floating house or other homes being built by Pitt 's group .
They must have lived in the Lower 9th Ward before Hurricane Katrina struck the area in August 2005 .
Mayne says the Morphosis floating house technology was developed and is in use in the Netherlands , where architects are working to address rising sea levels expected with climate change .
In case of a flood , the base of the house acts as a raft , allowing the home to rise on guide posts up to 12 feet as water levels rise .
In the Lower 9th Ward , which saw some of the worst flooding in the city during Katrina , floodwater reached as high as 12 feet .
" It 's amazing , " Mr. Darden says .
" Our goal is to be as innovative and eco-friendly as we can be , and the FLOAT House is certainly technology designed for this climate . "
The home 's base is a high - performance chassis made from polystyrene foam coated in glass fiber - reinforced concrete .
It houses the essential equipment to supply power , water and fresh air .
While not intended for occupants to remain inside during a hurricane , the structure is designed to minimize catastrophic damage and preserve the homeowner 's investment , Mayne says .
The floating home should also allow residents to return within days of a hurricane or flood , Mayne says .
Mayne 's team , which included architects and UCLA graduate students , took about two years to design and build the house .
He says he is now shopping for a production company to help mass produce it .
Miller says the houses could sell for around $ 150,000 .
Shannon Sharpe Briand , a New Orleans real estate agent with ReMax for more than seven years , says she thinks some buyers would be interested in the floating homes , especially if the going price is $ 150,000 .
" That price is affordable , especially if the homes are move - in ready , " she says .
Mayne said he admires
Pitt 's effort to build stronger , safer and more energy - efficient housing in New Orleans .
Pitt founded Make
It Right in 2007 to help Lower 9th Ward residents who lost their homes during Katrina .
More than a dozen homes have been completed — with families moved in — on the Make It Right site , and another 20 are under construction .
Plans call for 50 homes on the site by December and 150 by the end of next year , Darden says .
Editor ’s note :
For more articles about the environment , see the Monitor ’s main environment page , which offers information on many environment topics .
Also , check out our Bright Green blog archive and our RSS feed .
Ambition Rocks
Without even knowing it , the masses have made progressive rock cool again .
Not that it ’s really called that anymore — check out my Grammy.com story “ High - IQ Rock ” for more on this — but groups like Muse , Dream Theater and The Mars Volta have managed to chart high , sell impressive units at retail and are luring increasing numbers of fans to their shows .
One group that has consistently made great music in the “ thinking man ’s rock ” arena — straddling the line between tuneful accessibility and intellectual artfulness — is Porcupine Tree , the two - decade old band fronted by founder Steven Wilson .
While they certainly have their share of four and five minute songs that are easier to market ( so to speak ) , their music on recent albums has become lengthier and the execution of their concepts more ambitious .
P - Tree ’s latest platter , The Incident , contains only five songs , the first of which is the 14 - part , 55 - minute title track .
One might ask , “ These guys are on the cusp of mass appeal , so why do that ? ”
Because the rules of the game are changing , as Wilson explained when he sat down to chat with ADD .
Why is ambitious , epic music popular again ?
It seems the climate is more open than ever for doing something ridiculously over the top and over ambitious and reaching for the stars .
It seems like it ’s OK to do that now .
I ’m so happy about that .
I ’m so happy that ambition in music is acceptable , but God knows for 20 years it was almost like ambition was a dirty word .
Is n’t it bizarre that in this iPod , song shuffling , A.D.D. world that bands like Dream Theater , Muse and Porcupine Tree can find success given that some people can’t even listen to a whole record anymore ?
You ’re right , there is a paradox there , and I talked about this on my solo record [ Insurgentes ] .
There ’s definitely a very big negative and a very big plus about the whole download culture .
The very big negative is the jukebox mentality — people putting their iPods on shuffle , it ’s very easy to shuffle from one track to the next , the lack of artwork and the poor quality .
But the plus side of download culture has been liberating music from mainstream media and commercial radio — and that whole MySpace and Facebook thing , where people can the just follow the dots , follow the trail to bands that they probably would never have discovered if they just had to rely on commercial radio and what major record companies are pushing .
Because what we ’re seeing is the death of major record companies and the death of commercial radio .
While I see that there ’s a negative total to the whole download culture , I can see that it has completely liberated music from that three - minute pop song straight jacket .
It ’s gone .
It only really exists now in the very sharp end of the commercial , American Idol end of the market .
It does n’t really exist for album - oriented artists anymore .
In fact , bands like Radiohead do n’t even bother to release singles anymore , which is great because I ’ve never been good at writing singles .
I ’m very happy to be liberated from a world where I have to give any consideration to selling myself in the space of a four - minute pop song .
So what the hell , let ’s go in the opposite extreme .
That ’s what I was thinking in a way [ on this album ] .
Today it seems like many bands make more money through touring and merchandise , not albums .
Let ’s not also forget what I ’m saying .
We ’re not talking about the death of the album .
What we ’re talking about is the death of the album as a commercial commodity .
In fact it ’s probably fair to say that more people are listening to more recorded music now than ever before .
I figure that probably more people will hear The Incident than any other Porcupine Tree album but it ’s probably going to sell less , and that is simply because the music proliferates now in a different way .
It proliferates on a greater scale , but if you look purely at the bottom line , commercial units sold , of course it looks like the music industry is dying .
But I actually think it ’s the opposite in some way — the music is reaching more people than ever before .
People listen to music on the bus , on the train or when they ’re jogging , because of iPods and the portability of music and the fact that it is easy to steal .
Albums themselves are probably listened to potentially more now than at any time in history because you do n’t have to buy them anymore .
[ continued … ]
Why does a musician start making music ?
He starts making music to share it with as many people as possible .
If he has any other motive , then he ’s not a musician , he ’s an entertainer .
If he wants to be a star and wants to make money , that ’s not a musician .
A musician starts making music in order to share with as many people as possible .
It ’s a very strange time for music because the financial rewards are really falling away , but at the same time there are a lot of bands out there that are reaching more people than ever before because of file - sharing , and I think we ’re definitely one of them .
The fact that more people are coming to the shows shows you in a way that more people are discovering the recorded music , which is acting as the advertising to go and see the band live .
It ’s definitely not a great time to be making a lot of money from the music industry , but it is a great time if you ’re ambitious and want to share music with as many people as possible .
Labels give information on how many calories the food contains
The calorie counts used as the foundation for diet plans and healthy - eating guidance for the past 18 years may be wrong , a report suggests .
The recommended daily intake of calories could be increased by up to 16 % , a draft report by the Scientific Advisory Committee on Nutrition said .
Intake levels are currently 2,000 calories for women and 2,500 for men .
But the panel stresses that people should only eat more if they exercise more , given rising levels of obesity .
The committee says its report provides a much more accurate assessment of how energy can be burnt off through physical activity .
A 16 % increase would mean that adults already sticking to the recommended levels could consume an extra 400 calories a day , equivalent to an average - sized cheeseburger .
The proposals , seen by The Times and The Grocer magazine , are due to go out for a 14 - week consultation period .
Final recommendations will then be made after that time .
Health campaigners say the Department of Health and the Food Standards Agency could seek to " sweep this report under the carpet " in a bid to avoid sending out mixed messages in the middle of an obesity epidemic .
Tam Fry , of the National Obesity Forum , said it was a " dangerous assumption " to say that adults could safely consume an extra 400 calories a day .
" This is not a green light to eat yourself silly , " he said .
Update June 2011 : Following a ruling by the BBC's Editorial Complaints Unit , this story has been amended to make clear that only those already sticking to recommended levels should consider increasing their intake .
More details can be found here .
Lots of things designed to be used by children end up appealing to adults too .
Harry Potter .
Jelly babies .
The list is endless .
TV's Doctor
Who is a good example .
Originally conceived as an educational drama for 1960s kiddywinks , it attracted a devoted adult audience from the very beginning .
They knew they were watching something that was n't , strictly speaking , " for them " but they loved it anyway .
The trouble with Who 's freshly - minted anagrammatic " sister " serial Torchwood ( Sun , 10 pm , BBC3 ; Wed , 9 pm , BBC2 ) is that it 's not really clear who it 's aimed at .
It contains swearing , blood and sex , yet still somehow feels like a children 's programme .
Thirteen - year - olds should love it ; anyone else is likely to be more than a little confused .
Which is n't to say Torchwood is bad .
Just bewildering .
And very , very silly .
The central presence of Captain Jack Harkness , one of the most pantomime characters ever to appear in Doctor Who , does n't exactly help .
He 's like Buzz Lightyear , but less realistic .
The moment you see him running around being all larger - than - life , you think " aha - so Torchwood 's a camp space opera ?
Fair enough " .
But then the storyline goes all dark and unpleasant and people are getting their throats torn open and shooting themselves in the head , and suddenly you do n't know where you are .
Not in Kansas anymore , maybe - but where ?
Cute and dark , sweet and sour , up and down .
It 's like tuning in to watch Deadwood , only to discover they 've replaced Al Swearengen with the Honey Monster .
Or sitting through a " re-imagining " of the Captain Birds Eye commercials , in which the white - haired skipper traverses the oceans in a raging thunderstorm , ruling his child - crew with an iron fist , tossing dissenters overboard into the rolling , foaming waves - but dances the hornpipe with a big cartoon haddock while the credits roll .
Or stumbling across an episode of Scooby - Doo in which Shaggy skins up on camera .
In fact Scooby - Doo ( more than , say , the X - Files or Buffy ) is probably the show most analogous to Torchwood , in that both series revolve around a fresh - faced team of meddling kids tackling an ever - shifting carnival of monsters in a world of childlike simplicity .
The Torchwood gang even have their own version of The Mystery Machine , although theirs is a spectacularly ugly SUV with two daft strips of throbbing LED lights either side of the windscreen whose sole purpose is to make the entire vehicle look outrageously silly - they might as well have stuck a big inflatable dick on the bonnet , to be honest .
The inside 's not much better - LCD screens embedded in every available flat surface , each urgently displaying a wibbly - wobbly screensaver ... it must be like driving around in a flagship branch of PC World .
There are other glaringly daft touches : the countless overhead helicopter shots of Cardiff ( what is this , Google Earth ? ) ; the ridiculous severed hand - in - a - jar ( straight from the Addams Family ) ; the protracted sequence from episode one in which Captain Jack stood atop a tall building surveying the cityscape like Batman FOR NO REASON WHATSOEVER .
Oh , and the team 's insistence on using the silly invisible elevator that slowly , slowly ascends through a sort of " magic hole " in the pavement - even though there 's a perfectly reasonable BACK DOOR through which they can enter and leave the Batcave at will .
And on top of all that , there 's a bizarre emphasis on bisexual tension thrown in for good measure .
You half expect the Torchwood gang to drop their slacks and form a humping great daisy chain any moment .
It 's Shortbus meets Goober and the Ghost Chasers meets X - Men meets Angel meets The Tomorrow People meets Spooks meets Oh God I Give Up .
Still , the act of jotting down some of Torchwood 's thundering absurdities has put a big dumb smile on my face .
Whatever the hell it 's supposed to be , there 's nothing else like Torchwood on TV at the moment , and that 's got to be worth something .
I just do n't have a clue how much .
By Peter Roff , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
As the U.S. economy collapsed last fall , due in no small part to bad home loans made in the subprime market , the Democrats and the Republicans both made a lot of noise about the need to shore up the housing market to prevent further foreclosures .
Unfortunately , all the talk has produced little positive result .
Figures released Thursday show that nearly 1 million properties went into foreclosure in the third quarter of 2009 .
That 's an increase of 5 percent from the previous quarter and nearly 23 percent from just one year ago .
The federal Home Affordable Mortgage Program was created to help forestall foreclosures by helping those who could no longer " afford " to make their monthly mortgage payments qualify for a " loan modification " that could bring those payments down .
As it advises on its website , " Millions of borrowers who are current , but having difficulty making their payments and borrowers who have already missed one or more payments may be eligible . "
The U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Department of Housing and Urban Development , which jointly administer the program , say it is making real progress toward reaching its goals .
HAMP critics say , to the contrary , that the program is not working as advertised and may in fact be having an effect on home ownership opposite of what its sponsors intended .
According to a " white paper " currently circulating in Washington prepared by those who argue the program needs more official oversight , the official HAMP numbers — which purport to show success — are incorrect because they include loan modifications that are not really modifications and the government , particularly the Federal Housing Administration , is not doing enough to help struggling homeowners .
What it should be doing is a matter of considerable debate .
If , as the white paper suggests , the Obama administration is putting increased pressure on large lenders to meet the " aggressive loan modification goals " set by the U.S.
Treasury , then they may be setting the economy up for another bite of the worm inside the apple , putting the taxpayers at risk once again .
Check out our political cartoons .
Become a political insider : Subscribe to U.S. News
Weekly , our digital magazine .
The Rev. Habacuc Hernandez Beni­tez , a Roman Catholic priest in Guerrero , Mexico , knew the mountain towns of the southwestern state like the back of his hand .
He made it his mission to seek young men for the priesthood , driving far and wide to find them .
That intimate knowledge may have cost him his life :
On June 13 he was gunned down , along with two prospective seminary students , as they drove to a pastoral meeting in the town of Arcelia .
It is the first murder of a priest that the Roman Catholic Church links directly to drug traffickers since Mexican President Felipe Calderón first dispatched the military to root out organized crime in 2006 .
In many ways , priests are brought into drug violence the same way the rest of the country is :
Their neighbors are traffickers , and they face the consequences of speaking out or knowing too much .
But priests ' leadership in the country 's small communities means they see and hear more than average citizens – things that could make them targets in Mexico 's increasingly brutal drug violence .
Now they are forming a more unified voice : at a semiannual bishops ' meeting in November , insecurity and violence – for the first time – are slated to be the main topics of discussion .
" The church 's voice , with respect to organized crime , has been very timid , " says Victor Ramos Cortes , a religion expert at the University of Guadalajara .
" They have spent most of their time on moral issues such as abortion , euthanasia , or homosexuality , and much less on narco - violence .
Hopefully this [ meeting ] can open up the dialogue . "
It is not that priests are routinely victims of organized crime .
Many believe tragic cases like the one in Guerrero will remain isolated .
In the past 16 years , only 15 priests have been killed suspiciously – in highway accidents or beatings – though most such deaths are unsolved .
In 1993 , Guadalajara 's Cardinal Juan Jesus Posadas Ocampo was gunned down by criminals linked to drug traffickers , but officials say it was a case of mistaken identity .
According to an August report by Mexico's Council of Bishops , Mexico is the most dangerous place to be a priest in Latin America , after Colombia .
Authorities have not made any arrests so far in the case of Father Hernandez Benitez , and no motive has been officially ascribed to the deaths .
It could have been revenge :
One of the young men in the car had family ties to drug traffickers .
But because he traveled widely , the priest knew who was who , says Fr. Manuel Corral , press secretary for Mexico 's Council of Bishops .
" Priests are vulnerable because they have a lot of information , " adds Father Corral .
Priests also have increasingly been victims of extortion , which , according to the nonprofit Citizens ' Institute for Crime Studies ( ICESI ) , was up nationwide by 10 percent from 2007 to 2008 .
Handwritten notes or anonymous phone calls demanding that priests " buy " their security are most prevalent in states such as Michoacán or Chihuahua .
But even in areas where drug trafficking is not ramp - ant , priests are vulnerable .
In the central Mexican town of Texcoco , Fr. Jorge Cuapio says three priests in the past year , out of some 110 in the diocese , have received threats demanding money .
The diocese is moving to make priests ' phone numbers and addresses private .
" [ In general , ] they think the church has money , " Father Cuapio says .
But " we decided here we will not negotiate with the bad guys . "
Bishops pray for traffickers to drop arms
Mexico 's council of bishops has called for an end to violence .
After a mass in Michoacán was interrupted this summer by authorities arresting a suspect , the council said it was praying for traffickers to drop their arms .
" We continue to implore the Holy Spirit to move our hearts in these times in which doubt and uncertainty are devastating our country .
Sustained by our faith , we have the firm hope of building a Mexico of peace , justice , and harmony , " the bishops ' conference said in a statement .
They have also criticized inefficiency and corruption in authorities .
But they have backed down from taking a lead voice , in part for their own and their parishioners ' safety .
That was clear this spring when the Archbishop of Durango said that he knew where one of Mexico 's most wanted fugitives ( the reputed head of the Sinaloa Cartel , Joaquin " El Chapo " Guzman ) lives , " and everyone knows it except the authorities . "
He quickly apologized for a statement that could have incited violence .
But in many cases , says Mr. Cortes , priests turn a blind eye , particularly in rural areas where everyone knows who the traffickers are .
Priests have also benefited from drug traffickers ' deep pockets , which might pay for improvements to churches or sponsor religious festivals .
" A priest wo n't give communion to someone who is divorced , " says Cortes , " but will give it to a drug trafficker that everyone knows . "
It sends a mixed message , he says .
Close ties : Calderón and church
The bishops ' conference could be used as an opportunity to address the socioeconomic and cultural issues that draw so many in Mexico into the hands of organized crime networks , says Cortes .
But because of a close relationship between the conservative administration of President Calderón and the church , he doubts that any stance will stray too far from the national message : an iron fist when it comes to organized crime .
Still , the church recognizes that society needs its leadership at such a complicated time – the reason they are dedicating the bishops ' conference to Mexico 's violence .
" The church has to be courageous , " says Corral .
He does not expect priests to take a central role in the government 's battle , but be a model for society , whether in their promise to not be blackmailed or simply their faith in redemption .
" We have to see how we can give to society at a moment that is so painful . " •
-----
The drug war has scarred towns on both sides of the US - Mexico border .
Read
about how the border between two towns became more hostile here .
Baseball analyst Steve Phillips was fired by ESPN on Sunday night less than a week after the former Mets general manager admitted having an affair with a production assistant at the cable network .
A representative for Phillips also announced the former Mets general manager was entering a treatment facility " to address his personal issues . "
Phillips acknowledged Wednesday he had a relationship with 22 - year - old Brooke Hundley .
" Steve Phillips is no longer working for ESPN , " network spokesman Josh Krulewitz said in a statement .
" His ability to be an effective representative for ESPN has been significantly and irreparably damaged , and it became evident it was time to part ways . "
Phillips had taken a leave of absence after the affair became public .
Krulewitz declined comment when asked Sunday night about Hundley 's status with the company .
According to a police report filed in Wilton , Conn. , Hundley began calling Phillips ' wife , Marni , on Aug. 5 and sent her a letter graphically describing their relationship after Phillips broke it off .
Marni Phillips called police Aug. 19 when she came home to find Hundley in her driveway .
" I knew instinctively that this was the woman Steve was involved with and I was terrified , " she wrote in a statement to police .
Hundley also contacted Phillips ' 16 - year - old son through his Facebook account , according to the police report .
" This woman has clearly displayed erratic behavior and delusional tendencies , " Steve Phillips said in a statement to police .
Phillips signed a statement to police that he would not press charges .
The status of the police investigation was unclear Sunday .
In 1998 , Phillips admitted having sex with a Mets employee , who sued for sexual harassment .
That case was settled out of court .
Messages seeking comment were left Sunday for Phillips and Hundley .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Judge adjourns first day of prosecution statements after ex-Bosnian Serb leader says he needs more time to prepare defence
Radovan Karadzic , the Bosnian Serb leader charged with genocide for the worst mass murders in Europe since the Nazis , called the bluff of the special UN war crimes tribunal today by boycotting the opening of his trial .
Presiding over the trial in courtroom number one of the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal in The Hague , the judge , O - Gon Kwon , of South Korea , sparked uproar in the gallery by adjourning the keenly awaited case after a brief 20 - minute hearing .
Dozens of Bosnian Muslim victims and survivors of the Serbian mass murder at Srebrenica in 1995 howled and wailed as the judge adjourned the proceedings and pleaded with Karadzic to appear in court tomorrow afternoon .
Karadzic faces 11 charges of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity for allegedly orchestrating a systematic campaign of murder , terror and deportation in the 1992 - 95 war aimed at seizing half of Bosnia and ridding it of all non-Serbs .
" This is nothing but dirty , dirty politics , " said Zumraca Sehomerovic , from the eastern town of Srebrenica , who travelled for two days by bus from Sarajevo to witness the appearance of a hated figure in the dock .
" I 'm totally shocked by this .
We 've been waiting for this for 14 years , demanding justice .
But instead of being punished , he 's being rewarded . "
Her husband and son were among the almost 8,000 Muslim males massacred by the Serbs at Srebrenica in an act that the court has already established was one of genocide .
Bakira Hasecic , one of the thousands of Bosnian Muslim rape victims of a systematic Serbian campaign of sexual assault during the war , said that if the international court was incapable of delivering justice , Karadzic should be handed over to a local court .
" Let him come to Sarajevo .
We 've got courts .
We 'll deal with him , " she said .
The Karadzic trial is arguably the biggest and one of the last to be held at the tribunal .
He was arrested last year in Belgrade after 13 years on the run under a new identity and heavy disguise as a new age healer .
He is insisting on defending himself in the trial , allowing him to play for time and delay the proceedings .
The prosecution team used today 's short hearing to insist Karadzic have defence lawyers imposed on him and be forced to attend the chamber .
Giving in to Karadzic 's delaying tactics meant that " the trial can only start if the accused says it should , " argued Hildegard Uertz - Retzlaff , a prosecutor .
" There is no reason today not to start the trial . "
The same tactics were used by the late Serbian leader Slobodan Milosevic and the Serbian warlord Vojislav Seselj to politicise their trials and drag them out interminably .
Judges have been criticised by lawyers , victims ' associations and human rights activists for allowing the war crimes suspects to set the agenda and manipulate the court .
Judge Kwon said a recording of this morning 's brief proceedings would be made available to Karadzic in his cell in the nearby detention unit and that the accused should appear tomorrow afternoon .
Karadzic last week described his long - awaited trial as " the biggest , most complex , important and sensitive case ever before this tribunal " , and argued that he needed a lot more time to plough through around 1 million pages of prosecution evidence .
" My defence is not ready , " he said .
" I will not appear before you on that date [ today ] . "
This threat appeared in the English version of a 10 - page letter from Karadzic .
The original , in Serbian , contained no explicit threat of a boycott .
Karadzic was the political leader of the Bosnian Serbs during the 1992 - 95 war , which left 100,000 dead – mainly Bosnian Muslims – and divided the country into Serbian and Muslim - Croat halves .
He has been indicted on two counts of genocide , the gravest charges possible , for allegedly overseeing the mass murder and deportation of tens of thousands of Bosnia 's Muslims in the north - west of the country in 1992 and at Srebrenica , in the north - east , in 1995 .
He faces a further nine charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity for the 44 - month Serbian siege of the Bosnian capital , Sarajevo , in 1992 - 95 , and for taking more than 200 UN peacekeepers hostage in 1995 in order to deter Nato from launching bombing raids .
By Ewan Spence
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The recipe is simple .
Take as many mobile phone developers , hackers and builders as you can find ; put them in The Great Hall at Imperial College ; add a liberal helping of heavyweight companies talking about new tools , developer aids and techniques to program mobile phones during the day ; then challenge them to come up with " something new " .
Leave this to simmer as hackers work through the night and have everyone present their new programs to the rest of the conference the next day .
That sums up the Over the Air hackathon .
Now in its second year of bringing together the UK 's mobile developer community , it continues to have a huge impact on those who get involved with the overnight competition .
One of the groups involved in the hacking challenge was from mobile developer Future Platforms .
Last year it walked away with the Best Overall Prototype for a multi-limbed robot called Octobastard .
This year it wanted to produce something beautiful as well as clever .
The result was Project Bluebell .
Using the huge number of Bluetooth enabled mobile phones in the room , they put together java code that ran on four basic mobile phones they left in the corners of the Great Hall .
Every ten seconds these phones reported to a server the names of other phones in their vicinity that had Bluetooth enabled .
The names of these phones were then used to create ambient music and a visualisation of the music through multiple instances of Conway 's Game of Life ( a well known set of rules for simulating cell reproduction in graphical form ) , overlaid on top of each other in varying shades of blue ... giving another nod to the blue in Bluebell .
" I was surprised at how well the music side of it worked , " said Tom Hume , managing director Future Platforms , after the event .
" Generating anything that sounds like music from what is effectively random and varying data was one of the tougher challenges . "
It worked so well it won best in show .
One man band
The hacking at Over the Air is also about the individual - while many of the teams organically create themselves on the day , there is still a place for the solitary hacker to turn round something impressive that is two parts evil and one part cute .
A lifelong Lego fan , Adam Cohen - Rose discovered its robotics set at a previous hacking event and ordered one himself .
The Lego dalek had a close encounter with the real thing " I only got the Mindstorm kit the day before Over the Air , " he laughed as he walked in with the box under his arm and no idea what to build ... until he saw the Dalek in the centre of the room .
" The BBC Dalek only responded when you pressed a button , " he noticed , " but with the Lego kit I could build one that controlled its own destiny . "
Does his Dalek have any practical use or was this a childlike indulgence ?
" I go to events like Over the Air to explore new ideas , " he said .
" I go to sessions that are relevant though possibly tangential in order to expand my knowledge and understanding of people and technology .
I do give myself permission to try out things which are not directly relevant at the moment because you never know what new technology might be around the corner . "
And the fate of the Dalek ?
" It 's been taken apart to start teaching my seven - year - old son about robotics . "
A cup of Java Something on the mind of every hacker was coffee , but perhaps it rested more heavily on Sam Machin , who set about the problem of why it takes forever to order a coffee in Starbucks .
As Mr Machin orders the same thing every time , the addition of a RFID chip to his own coffee mug would allow a Barista to simply swipe his cup across a reader and not only read the order , but as the chip / cup pairing would be associated to a pre-paid account , it would also pay for the drink .
" There was n't really any specific driver for this other than one of my crazy ideas when stood around waiting and thinking how could I make this situation geekier . "
Like many hacks at the event , it never quite worked out as planned , especially with physical hacks such as this .
Mr Machin used the Arduino PCB to drive the RFID reader in a coaster , but improvisation was the order of the day .
" I powered it all from the USB port on my laptop and there was n't enough juice to run the controller , ethernet interface , LCD display and RFID reader .
I managed to bodge this for the demo with some carefully twisted wires and a phone charger ! "
But sometimes
Over the Air is a chance to let the hair down .
Bottle - Rock - It turned the iPhone into a musical instrument
In 2008 lastminute.com labs put together an interactive sword fighting application on smartphones .
This year they were ready to tap into two great cultural phenomena .
The iPhone and the rise of rhythm music games such as Rock Band .
Bottle - Rock - It took the Apple iPhone to new orchestral heights .
Much like Rock Band you have a moving bar showing where you had to hit your notes .
There 's no handy guitar attached to the iPhone , but the team put a picture of a bottle on the screen - that was the instrument .
Blow into the microphone and just like blowing into a half - full bottle you get a note .
Much like Mr Machin , their project failed to reach their initial vision , in this case an eight - piece orchestra , but a suitably painful rendition of their three note masterpiece was presented to the audience at the end of the event .
The Over the Air hacks demonstrate that ingenuity and creativity is a huge driver behind new technology and ideas , and that this spirit is alive and well in the British developer community .
By giving the community permission to play , everyone had a chance to let their hair down and do something fun - while taking away practical skills for the 9 - 5 life .
As Tom Hume said , everyone involved now has one more challenge : " Only a year to prepare for the next one . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON  Representative Patrick J. Kennedy of Rhode Island said on Sunday that the Roman Catholic bishop of Providence had instructed him to refrain from receiving communion because of his stance on abortion .
Mr. Kennedy said Bishop Thomas J. Tobin “ instructed me not to take communion and said that he has instructed the diocesan priests not to give me communion , ” according to The Providence Journal , which first reported the incident .
But Michael K. Guilfoyle , a spokesman for the diocese , said Sunday that the bishop had “ never addressed matters relative to public officials receiving holy communion with pastors of the Diocese of Providence . ”
In a statement released on Sunday , Bishop Tobin added that his instructions to Mr. Kennedy had come more than two years ago , in a private letter on Feb. 21 , 2007 .
Thousands of Mexicans rallied to show support for “ shadow president ” Manuel Lopez Obrador — who believes his country ’s top job was stolen from him in 2006 — at the mid-point of his would - be presidential term .
A 56 - year - old leftist former Mexico City mayor , Lopez Obrador ’s hopes of leading this country of about 106 million were dashed ( but not for long ) when official results showed he lost the 2006 race by just some 230,000 votes .
ADVERTISEMENT
He charges that a careful recount of the vote was carefully avoided by those who had the authority to duly pursue one .
Poised to emerge as a potential alternative to the conservative PAN party of President Felipe Calderon in 2012 , Lopez Obrador has pushed on , day after day , insisting that he is , in fact , Mexico ’s legitimate president .
He works out of an elegant office in an old mansion in Mexico City , in front of a portrait in which he is pictured wearing the presidential sash .
Tens of thousands of supporters packed Mexico City ’s landmark Zocalo square Sunday to hear Lopez Obrador underscore that power has been usurped from the Mexican people , by — in his view — a “ mafia ” of powerful colluding political and business interests .
“ They themselves know that this movement is the only thing that can take them on , and that can stop them , ” he told a sea of supporters .
Lopez Obrador claims 2.3 million supporters have signed up in support of his movement nationwide .
ADVERTISEMENT
In the past three years , Lopez Obrador has criss - crossed the country on a busy endless campaign , and has written letters to world leaders including US President Barack Obama .
He even has a complete shadow cabinet , and has been active in keeping the protest movement alive — so much so that the traditional leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution has distanced itself from him .
Apparently not happy with just creating their own facts , the brain trust that brought us Conservapedia is now launching a new project : rewriting the Bible without that annoying liberal bias :
The eager young men at Conservapedia are p.o.'d that the Bible might be seen as too liberal .
So they 've come up with the Wiki-style Conservative Bible Project , to make sure the Lord does n't go all wobbly on us .
Excerpt :
As of 2009 , there is no fully conservative translation of the Bible which satisfies the following ten guidelines : [ 1 ]
Framework against Liberal Bias : providing a strong framework that enables a thought - for - thought translation without corruption by liberal bias
Not Emasculated : avoiding unisex , " gender inclusive " language , and other modern emasculation of Christianity
Not Dumbed Down : not dumbing down the reading level , or diluting the intellectual force and logic of Christianity ; the NIV is written at only the 7th grade level [ 2 ]
Utilize Powerful Conservative Terms : using powerful new conservative terms as they develop ; [ 3 ] defective translations use the word " comrade " three times as often as " volunteer " ; similarly , updating words which have a change in meaning , such as " word " , " peace " , and " miracle "
Combat Harmful Addiction : combating addiction by using modern terms for it , such as " gamble " rather than " cast lots " ; [ 4 ] using modern political terms , such as " register " rather than " enroll " for the census
Accept the Logic of Hell : applying logic with its full force and effect , as in not denying or downplaying the very real existence of Hell or the Devil .
Express Free Market Parables ; explaining the numerous economic parables with their full free - market meaning
Exclude Later - Inserted Liberal Passages : excluding the later - inserted liberal passages that are not authentic , such as the adulteress story
Credit Open - Mindedness of Disciples : crediting open - mindedness , often found in youngsters like the eyewitnesses Mark and John , the authors of two of the Gospels
Prefer Conciseness over Liberal Wordiness : preferring conciseness to the liberal style of high word - to - substance ratio ; avoid compound negatives and unnecessary ambiguities [..]
" The liberal style of high word - to - substance ratio " ?
Hoo - wee !
Elitists like to use words , and lots of 'em !
" Unnecessary ambiguities " ?
But how are you going to abide by the conservative mandate to avoid " dumbing down " Holy
Writ while at the same time avoiding big words liberals use ?
More seriously , the insane hubris of this really staggers the mind .
These right - wing ideologues know better than the early church councils that canonized Scripture ?
They really think it 's wise to force the word of God to conform to a 21st - century American idea of what constitutes conservatism ?
These jokers do n't worship God .
They worship ideology .
The Bible without all that liberal bias ?
I thought the Bible was the inviolate Word of God ?
Would n't taking out any liberal teachings violate the inviolate ?
How much of Jesus 's teachings will actually make it into the book ?
How will these boneheads re-write these statements ( courtesy of Jesus is a Liberal ) ? :
Blessed are the peacemakers : for they shall be called the children of God. [ Matthew 5:9 ]
Resist not evil : but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek , turn to him the other also .
[ Matthew 5:39 ]
I say unto you , Love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despite - fully use you , and persecute you ; [ Matthew 5:44 ]
If any one of you is without sin , let him be the first to cast a stone at her .
[ John 8:7 ]
Do not judge , lest you too be judged .
For in the same way you judge others , you will be judged and with the measure you use , it will be measured to you .
[ Matthew 7:1 & 2 . ]
Blessed are the merciful : for they shall obtain mercy [ Matthew 5:7 ]
But if ye forgive not men their trespasses , neither will your Father forgive your trespasses .
[ Matthew 6:15 ]
Watch out !
Be on your guard against all kinds of greed ; a man 's life does not consist in the abundance of his possessions .
[ Luke 12.15 . ]
Truly , I say unto you , it will be hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven .
[ Matthew 19:23 ]
You cannot serve both God and Money .
[ Matthew 6:24 . ]
Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's .
[ Matthew 22:21 ]
Love your neighbor as yourself .
.[ Matthew 22:39 ]
So in everything , do to others as you would have them do to you .
[ Matthew 7:12 . ]
If you would be perfect , go , sell what you possess and give to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven .
[ Matthew 19:21 ]
But when you give a feast , invite the poor , the maimed , the lame , the blind , and you will be blessed , because they can not repay you .
You will be repaid at the resurrection of the just .
[ Luke 14:13&14 . ]
Oh yeah , this is gonna be a HUGE success in publishing .
Australia : Productivity Commission report rules out curbing executive pay
By Terry Cook
13 October 2009
A recently released 400 - page interim report by the Productivity Commission into pay remuneration for top company executives in Australia explicitly ruled out placing any significant restraint on the multi-million dollar remuneration packages .
The outcome is not surprising .
The federal Labor government commissioned the inquiry in March — not to rein in executive pay , but to deflect growing public anger over the huge payments made to top executives even as they insisted that workers accept job losses , wage cuts , and attacks on working conditions .
The Australian newspaper on September 30 , the day the Commission brought down its report , praised the Rudd government for recognising “ that despite the headlines and a few terrible abuses , the system of setting executive pay is n’t broken , it just needs a little strategic tinkering and strengthening ” .
In other words , it is business as usual at the big end of town .
The interim report all but acknowledged that the inquiry was an exercise in damage control .
Its opening statement declared : “ The catalyst for this inquiry was concern that executive pay had got out of hand , ” adding , “ while local shareholder value plummeted — with some companies being propped up by taxpayers — executive pay seemed to emerge unscathed , crystallising a view that executives were being rewarded for failure . ”
It also notes “ long - standing community discomfort about the widening gap between the remuneration of executives and other employees … ”
The report opposed any cap on executive pay , arguing that such restrictions would produce “ severe practical problems and undesirable commercial consequences for Australian companies — vis - à - vis their competitors … [ and ] would lead to readjustment of packages in ways that could weaken incentive alignment ” .
It also insisted that current rules only allowing shareholders a non-binding vote on executive salary packages recommended by company boards at annual general meetings should be maintained .
A binding vote , the report claims , would be “ unworkable ” and “ fundamentally compromise the capacity and authority of boards to negotiate with executives ” .
To create the impression that it favoured some restraint , the Productivity Commission proposed that all board members ( other than executives ) should face re-election if 25 percent or more of shareholders voted against two consecutive remuneration reports and that boards be “ required to explain ” their remuneration decisions if 25 percent of shareholders voted against them .
These measures would have little impact on setting executive pay because large institutional investors control vast swathes of shares and therefore votes .
Other recommendations were largely window dressing .
These included requiring large institutional investors to disclose how they voted on remuneration packages each year and that board remuneration reports to shareholder meetings disclose take - home pay amounts and total shareholdings of the individuals named .
It also called for directors and key executives to be barred from share - voting on remuneration reports and pay related issues .
Satisfied that the Commission had fulfilled its brief , Financial Services Minister Chris Bowen declared that the report had struck “ a balance between community expectations and ensuring Australia remains an attractive place to work . ”
The government would not make any decision on the issue until it receives the Commission ’s final report in December , he said , adding : “ We need to ensure that community expectations for executive pay that are reasonable are met … [ but ] we also need to ensure Australia remains a competitive and attractive place to work in the international business environment . ”
The interim report acknowledged the extraordinary growth in executive pay packages .
Over the past 14 years , CEO remuneration at the 50 to 100 largest Australian - listed companies has increased by around 10 percent a year in real terms , translating into cumulative increases of up to 300 percent .
In 2007 - 08 , remuneration for CEOs at Australia ’s top 20 companies averaged almost $ 10 million each , or 150 times the average working wage .
CEOs at the next 20 biggest companies received about $ 5 million , while at the next 150 - 200 , remuneration averaged around $ 180,000 — still three times the average wage .
The Productivity Commission report stated : “ In 2007 - 08 , the most recent year for which comprehensive data is available , real total CEO pay fell somewhat across ASX300 companies , especially for the top 100 ( which have proportionately more pay linked to company performance ) .
Whether this decline has continued is not yet clear . ”
Overall pay packages might have declined but base salaries have continued to increase .
A Sunday Telegraph survey of Australia ’s 32 biggest firms , published on September 19 , noted that 18 chief executives received salary increases averaging just under 10 percent , more than double the national average wage rise of 3.8 percent .
The newspaper estimated that chief executives of the 32 companies now receive a basic wage of $ 1.87 million , plus bonuses and other benefits .
The largest increase went to BHP Billiton CEO Marius Kloppers , with his remuneration package increasing by 51 percent to a $ 12 million .
This included a 19 percent increase in base pay to $ 2.3 million .
During the period the company saw a 21 percent decline in its share price , a 30 percent drop in earnings and mine closures that destroyed 3,000 jobs .
A recently published report by the Australian Council of Super Investors ( ACSI ) also showed that while workers were paid on average a little over $ 59,000 last year , the top 10 company executives pocketed almost $ 13 million each — or more than 200 times more than a worker ’s average wage .
Former Macquarie Bank Allan Morris received a staggering $ 24.8 million — or more than 400 times the average wage .
Leighton chief Wal King received $ 16.5 million , Westfield Group Frank Lowy $ 16.2 million and former Telstra chief Sol Trujillo $ 13.4 million .
ANZ Bank ’s Mike Smith received $ 13 million and former Qantas CEO Geoff Dixon got $ 12.2 million .
Dixon , who oversaw savage job cuts and a 3 percent cap on workers ’ pay during his term as CEO , also raked in an additional $ 11.5 million for five months ’ consultancy work for the airline after retiring in November last year .
Executives continued to draw multi-million salary packages in the same period that the government ’s Fair Pay Commission ruled out any wage increase for the country ’s 1.3 million low - paid employees and as thousands of workers were forced to accept job losses or short - time working leading to significant cuts to pay .
Peter
Hale was led to the woodland by his wife believing they would have sex A woman who fed her husband an aphrodisiac before cutting his throat and going off to meet another man has been convicted of attempted murder .
Joanne Hale , 39 , gave her husband Peter a herb called horny goat weed before cutting his throat in woodland at Stoke Bishop , Bristol , on 27 December 2008 .
Bristol Crown Court heard she then left the scene to have a romantic liaison with a man she had met on the internet .
Hale , of Stapleton , will be sentenced at a later date .
The trial jury heard that after taking the aphrodisiac , Mr Hale was led to the woodland by his wife believing they would have sex .
Internet relationship Instead Joanne Hale inflicted a 12 cm ( 4.7in ) cut to his throat and then stabbed him , leaving a wound to his chest which caused lung collapse , cardiac arrest and heart damage .
Christopher Armstrong , the surgeon who treated Mr Hale , said that he had come " close to death " .
After the attack , she left Mr Hale in the care of a passer - by and went to Bristol Parkway railway station to meet Philip Sudol , a married postman from Leeds , with whom she had been having an internet relationship .
Philip Sudol was held on suspicion of attempted murder but later released Mr Sudol told the court of his shock as he arrived back at the Hales ' home in Hawksmoor Lane to be met by a large number of police .
" I heard the police say there had been some sort of incident , and she had been accused of being involved with that incident and they arrested her on attempted murder .
" A couple of minutes later someone came over and arrested me as an attempted murderer - I was quite taken aback by that .
I 'd been in Bristol for an hour , maybe less , " he said .
Mr Sudol was subsequently released .
Joanne
Hale declined to give evidence at her trial but she had told police that Mr Hale had cut his own throat after an argument .
She was convicted by a majority verdict .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Not that this should come as any surprise , but we now have confirmation that the Bush administration refused to award Harry Potter author JK Rowling the Presidential Medal of Freedom because the books “ encouraged witchcraft . ”
For a second , let ’s set aside any arguments over whether or not Rowling ’s work merits such a lofty honor and do something that we simply do n’t do enough these days .
Let ’s dig beneath the surface silliness and examine the deeper implications of what this revelation really means .
Put simply , would you be worried about “ encouraging ” something you did n’t think was possible ?
It ’s one thing to want to discourage , say , meth use or binge drinking or texting while driving or unprotected sex .
Those things are real and they have real , observable consequences .
If Rowling ’s books were encouraging angel - dust - fueled arson sprees , we ’d all be advised to support the former president and his merry band of loco parentis .
But did they see witchcraft as real ?
( Sure , practitioners of Wicca and other neo-paganisms indulge in the craft , but for a variety of reasons I think we have to assume that ’s not what Bush was concerned with .
After all , Rowling does n’t talk about real - world Wicca , and real - world Wiccans do n’t fly through the skies of London terrorizing the Mugglery .
Whatever the real world ’s witches may or may no be up to , it has so far proven very unHollywood - worthy . )
So , do we then conclude that President Bush and his cronies wanted to discourage children from learning how to change each other into rats ?
From flying around on brooms ?
From trying to outwit dragons ?
From teleporting via fireplaces ?
From sneaking around under invisibility capes ?
Certainly these are the sorts of things that we ’d want to keep our children away from , I suppose .
But while Dubya may have resisted the corrosive effects of education , there are rules of logic and he is not magically immune to them .
By definition , one would n’t actively discourage children from something that was in fact impossible .
Not unless one were absolutely barking , anyway .
It might theoretically be dangerous for young children to attack the Xyrxalian Star Fleet on Pegasus - back , for instance , but you do n’t recall any Executive admonitions on the subject , do you ?
Still , let ’s remember , the Bible says that witches are real .
Former Alaska governor and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin consulted freely with a witchbusting “ minister . ”
The shenanigans at Hogwarts are barely more outlandish than some of what went on in the White House when Nancy Reagan , wife of Bush ’s intellectual hero Ronald Reagan , was in residence .
And we ’re talking about a man who believes that God commanded him to run for president .
Therefore , I believe we have every reason to believe that our former president did , in fact , view the kinds of powers imagined by Rowling in her best - selling series to be plausible .
Since this is America , we have to respect his faith .
Christian Business Card Designs : 15 Samples to Inspire You
Business cards are great marketing tools but they are n’t just for money - making enterprises .
Even those who are in the business of spreading the Gospel need to let other people know where they can be found .
Yes !
Churches ( and other similar establishments ) can and should have their own business cards to give out to their parishioners and to people they want to invite .
To help you get started on your Christian business card designs , check out these sample designs we made to inspire you !
Business Card Designs for Churches
Want your business cards printed and delivered at your door step ?
Give us a call at 888-888-4211 and place your order to get your hands on high - quality and impressive church business cards minus the fuss !
Charles Taylor has denied the charges against him Former Liberian President Charles Taylor has said he was duped by Nigeria into being arrested there in 2006 .
Speaking at his war crimes trial in The Hague , he said Nigeria 's then - leader had reneged on a promise to let him leave the country freely .
He also claimed a plot involving the UK and the US led to his indictment .
Mr Taylor is accused of backing rebels , who committed widespread atrocities throughout the 1990s in Liberia 's neighbour Sierra Leone .
He was living in exile in Nigeria in 2006 when US pressure to put him on trial for alleged war crimes increased .
Mr Taylor now says the president of Nigeria at the time , Olusegun Obasanjo - who is currently a United Nations peace envoy - told him lies that caused him to be arrested .
Mysterious affair
The former Liberian leader told the Special Court for Sierra Leone on Tuesday that Mr Obasanjo had earlier assured him he could leave the country freely .
" He lied to the world when he said I was escaping , and he knew nothing about it , " he said .
" Why he lied ?
I do n't know , but as a brother and a friend , I think he ought to speak and tell the truth about it . "
TAYLOR TIMELINE 1989 : Launches rebellion in Liberia 1991 : RUF rebellion starts in Sierra Leone 1995 : Peace deal signed 1997 : Elected president 1999 : Liberia 's Lurd rebels start insurrection to oust Taylor June 2003 : Arrest warrant issued August 2003 : Steps down , goes into exile in Nigeria March 2006 : Arrested , sent to Sierra Leone June 2007 : Trial opens in The Hague
Preacher , warlord , president Mr Taylor 's arrest was a dramatic and mysterious affair .
After Mr Obasanjo said Liberia 's new government was free to take Mr Taylor into custody , the former Liberian leader suddenly disappeared while Mr Obasanjo was on his way to Washington to meet his US counterpart , George W Bush .
Then , equally suddenly , the Nigerians announced that they had arrested Mr Taylor for trying to escape .
He was captured , allegedly with huge sacks of cash , on the border with Cameroon - some 1,000 km ( 600 miles ) from the southern town of Calabar , where he had been living in exile .
Mr Taylor had been given asylum in Nigeria as part of a deal to end Liberia 's civil war , though human rights groups accused him of breaking the terms of the deal by continuing to interfere in Liberian politics .
On Tuesday , he said he hoped he would live to look Mr Obasanjo in the face one day and ask him to tell the truth about what happened .
The BBC's Geraldine Coughlan says Mr Taylor appeared defiant on what was the final day of his testimony in The Hague .
He claimed he was a victim of an intelligence plot involving the British and US governments that supplied weapons to the region in an attempt to topple him - as part of a plan by Washington to gain control of West African oil reserves .
The US position was that " we cannot have anyone in Liberia that we do n't think is going to dance to our tune " , he said .
He also said he was a peace broker and repeated denials that he had supplied arms to Sierra Leone rebels in exchange for blood diamonds .
The prosecution , which will now cross-examine Mr Taylor , says it will challenge the accuracy , truthfulness and completeness of his testimony .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
VICTORIA , Texas ( CNN ) --
The interrogation room inside the Victoria County Sheriff 's Office is sterile and cold .
There 's a table in the middle , a one - way mirror and a hidden video camera that lets investigators watch suspects .
The Innocence Project of Texas has raised questions about using sniffer dogs to single out potential suspects .
Michael Buchanek knows the room well .
He was part of countless investigations .
Buchanek spent more than 25 years with the Sheriff 's Office as a commander of operations .
But on March 16 , 2006 , Buchanek found himself sitting in the interrogation room .
This time , he was on the other side of the table .
The day before , his neighbor and friend , Sally Blackwell , was found strangled to death with a rope .
Her body was left in a field five miles from her home .
Buchanek sat in the interrogation room with three homicide investigators , former brothers on the force .
But the investigators were no longer friends .
Buchanek was now the prime suspect in Blackwell 's murder .
" They told me they knew I did it and that I was going to spend the rest of my life on death row , " Buchanek told CNN .
The story of how a veteran law enforcement officer became a murder suspect is at the heart of a controversy over an investigative forensic tool called dog - scent lineups .
Watch dog howl next to man 's scent , see how lineup works »
The Innocence Project of Texas calls the practice " junk science that 's being used by prosecutors and judges to convict people . "
The nonprofit group , which is dedicated to discovering and overturning wrongful convictions , wants state governments to ban the use of dog - scent lineups .
It says an unknown number of people have been wrongly accused or convicted from the dog - scent lineups .
Supporters say dog-scent lineups are a powerful crime - fighting tool helping investigators crack cases across the country .
Buchanek was identified as a murder suspect , not because of crime - scene evidence but because of two bloodhounds , " Jag " and " James Bond . "
The dogs belong to Fort Bend County Sheriff 's Deputy Keith Pikett .
He and his team of dogs have become celebrities in Texas law enforcement circles for their work on hundreds of cases across the state .
In Buchanek 's case , homicide detectives in this county southwest of Houston had Pikett 's bloodhounds sniff crime - scene evidence , such as the rope used to strangle the victim .
The dogs matched the scent to Buchanek .
Watch how an innocent man came under scrutiny »
Despite repeated denials , Buchanek lived under a cloud of suspicion for five months .
His former Sheriff 's Office colleagues believed the dogs over him and his pleas of innocence .
But the dogs were wrong .
DNA evidence implicated another man , who pleaded guilty to the murder .
" It 's left me with a pretty bad taste for law enforcement , " Buchanek said .
" It 's pretty much ruined my life altogether . "
Buchanek has filed a civil rights lawsuit against Pikett , the dog handler in Fort Bend County , as well as the Victoria Sheriff 's Office and the Victoria Police Department .
Buchanek is seeking unspecified damages claiming his constitutional rights were violated when he was falsely accused and that he suffered mental anguish as a result .
Pikett and his dogs have assisted in hundreds of investigations for law enforcement agencies across Texas .
Pikett refused CNN 's interview requests , but his attorney says Pikett is on the " cutting edge " of collecting dog-scent forensic evidence .
Buchanek accuses the investigators , including Pikett , of " leading " the dogs to his home because Buchanek knew the murder victim through work and church .
Pikett 's attorney denies this .
" The dogs were pulling him ( Pikett ) , " said Randall Morse , the assistant county attorney in Fort Bend County who is representing the dog handler .
" Pikett did not lead the dogs .
The trail was valid . "
Morse said Pikett is a respected officer of the law who has helped developed protocols for dog - scent lineups over the last two decades .
" He 's been accused 20 different ways of cheating ; critics are trying to throw up smoke to get defendants off , " Morse said .
Victoria County Sheriff T. Micheal O'Connor said dog- scent lineups , like other investigative aids , are a " vital tool in working toward a determination of a case . "
He opposes banning the technique .
" We will use them again if it merits this type of service , " he said .
" I feel they 're credible .
I 've watched those dogs .
I looked on in absolute amazement . "
As for Buchanek 's case , he said , " We did the right thing , and the wrong person was not convicted . "
Dog -scent lineups are similar to visual lineups ; but instead of a witness picking a suspect from a group of people , bloodhounds walk along a line of tin cans containing individual scents from possible suspects .
Investigators get the scents from rubbing a gauze pad on someone 's body or clothes , and that gauze pad is then placed in a tin can .
The dog handler gives the bloodhound the scent they 're looking for , and then the handler and animal walk down the line .
If the dog matches the scent , dog handlers say the animal will give a " sign , " which is usually stopping at the can or barking .
The question over dog - scent lineups is n't isolated to Texas .
The state attorney in Brevard and Seminole counties in Florida is reviewing 15 to 17 cases dating back to the 1980s .
The cases involved forensic evidence provided by one dog handler and his bloodhounds .
The Florida Supreme Court says Juan Ramos was wrongfully convicted of murder based on a dog - scent lineup .
Critics of dog - scent lineups say the problem is that dog handlers are n't certified or regulated and that there is n't a system in place to check a bloodhound 's track record .
Steve Nicely is a professional dog trainer in Austin , Texas .
He 's trained police dogs for 30 years and is also an expert witness in Buchanek 's case .
Nicely argues there needs to be a system in place that tracks a dog 's accuracy rate .
" There are no national standards , " Nicely said .
" Our standards are so lacking , it 's pathetic .
We should be ashamed of ourselves . "
CNN 's Wayne Drash in Atlanta contributed to this report .
All About Law Enforcement
It 's been well - known for some time that Dubai had found itself in a severe and precarious financial state .
In early October , for example , S&P warned that it was nearly out of cash .
But yesterday the once high - flying Emirate confirmed that it 's reached zero - hour .
MarketWatch : Dubai late Wednesday said it would restructure Dubai World and announced a six - month " standstill " on repayments of the state - run wide - ranging conglomerate 's debt .
Ports operator DP World and its debt is excluded from the standstill plan .
....
" I do n't see this as a massive issue but it 's another warning to where the world got itself last year with loose monetary conditions [ and ] loose lending , " said Naeem Wahid , market strategist at Lloyds TSB .
" And , in a few cases , the problems are still out there and we could continue to see these kinds of nasty surprises " in the future .
Government - owned Dubai World is a conglomerate with interests in real estate , ports and the leisure industry .
The firm carries around $ 60 billion in liabilities .
Despite the issues being out there , financial markets , including Brazil and London ( when it 's open ) are pulling back , the pound is tanking and -- uh - oh -- the greenback is rallying !
That could be bad news when stocks open on Black Friday .
Dubai itself is n't necessarily huge , but that 's not exactly the point .
What people are most likely freaked out about -- as Rick Bookstaber might point out -- is that people who own Dubai World debt may be forced to sell something else in unison to raise cash , triggering a bigger reaction .
Follow the story further at FT Alphaville >>
The Biggest prediction of destruction of our planet has been around for some time .
Many people believed that because of the mayan calendar ending in 2012 , that means that the world would come to an end .
This is ridiculous .
This is another display of human ineptness .
The only reason it does n’t go further is because the Mayans did n’t expect to live that long .
We can predict the rotation of the sun but we ca n’t predict when the earth will explode .
The only thing we need to do is focus on the tasks at hand saving the earth .
Asked whether he thought the Army “ dropped the ball ” in not responding to warning signs that the major was increasingly radical , General Casey replied that he was encouraging soldiers to provide information to criminal investigators .
But he added that the Army needs to be careful not to jump to conclusions based on early tidbits of information .
“ The speculation could heighten the backlash , ” he said on “ This Week . ”
“ What happened at Fort Hood is a tragedy and I believe it would be a greater tragedy if diversity became a casualty here . ”
Sen. Lindsey Graham , a Republican of South Carolina , and Sen. Jack Reed , a Democrat of Rhode Island , took also pains on Sunday to say that Muslims have served honorably in the military and at risk to their lives .
“ At the end of the day this is not about his religion  the fact that this man was a Muslim , ” Senator Graham said on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation . ”
Senator Graham and Ike Shelton , a Missouri Democrat who chairs the House Armed Services Committee , were asked why the Army would have assigned a psychiatrist who had a poor performance record at Walter Reed Hospital and ranted about America ’s war on terrorism to Fort Hood .
Mr. Skelton said he was briefed by the Army and was told it is investigating such assertions .
“ Let ’s give them a few days to find out just where the ball was dropped , if that ’s the case ” he said .
Senator Graham ’s echoed his restraint .
“ I mean does every soldier who shows discontent with the war and every soldier that has had a bad performance report  what are we going to do with those folks ? ”
Sen. Graham said .
“ At the end of the day , maybe this is just about him .
It ’s certainly not about his religion , Islam . ”
Istvan Csicsery - Ronay , Jr.
Twenty - Two Answers and Two Postscripts : An Interview with Stanislaw Lem
Translated by Marek Lugowski .
The present interview was conducted in writing , following conversations that I had with Lem in Vienna in May of 1985 and a year - long correspondence that surrounded them .
Our original plan had been to converse with the help of a Polish - English interpreter .
But when I arrived in Vienna , no appropriate interpreter was available .
Lem had no desire to speak for the record in English or , through a third - language interpreter , in German or French .
With the help of Dr. Franz Rottensteiner 's able mediation from German , and Lem 's own quite competent English , Lem and I did manage to discuss many of the things that later formed the basis of the interview .
We agreed that the ideal format would be for me to submit my questions in English , to which he would reply in writing , in Polish .
I think both of us preferred this format anyway , since it minimized the loss of information .
The result was the 22 replies and 2 postscripts of the present interview , which I have annotated with Dr. Rottensteiner 's assistance .
ICR : You are highly regarded as a writer of both fiction and " experimental " philosophy of science .
You use fictional elements in your philosophical works , and philosophical - essayistic elements in your fictions .
What distinguishes these two modes for you ?
Why do n't you " specialize " in one or the other ?
Lem :
All my books , both the belletristic and the discursive in nature , were written spontaneously — that is , choosing the mode of expression that seemed most appropriate to me because it made me write .
Aside from essays , I also wrote three discursive books ( Summa Technologiae , Dialogues , and Science Fiction and Futurology — I forgot about the fourth one , The Philosophy of Chance ) , and there is nothing fantastic about them .
Because when beginning to write each of these books I had neither a plan nor any kind of knowledge of their content , they basically got written unaffected by any genological or taxonomic considerations ; that is , I did not spend any time thinking about the questions of what genre they are meant to belong to .
These books contain a lot of speculation and I am aware of it .
This speculation could be termed sui generis fantasizing on the themes of future development ( of technology or literature , for example ) , but I was merely expressing my convictions , not intentionally setting up hypotheses .
In this sense , I functioned as an unwitting futurologist — before the futurological goldrush itself took place — and an unwitting philosopher , too .
I suppose that my inclination towards armchair philosophizing was induced by my acquaintance with certain people who edited a philosophical journal , for example Helen Eilstein and Leszek Kolakowski.1
Be that as it may , I never had the urge to " speak my piece " to the world at large , as far as philosophy goes .
Perhaps this disinclination comes from my conviction that the time of crafting seamless , unified philosophical systems is long past .
This is so , I claim , because the results of the new " hard " sciences , led by physics , begin to exceed the abilities of reasoning — the various events and descriptions of states which fly in the face of visual perception as well as any other human sense or intuition , all that stuff conjured by the human mind .
Yet the sober science marches on , registering the " smells " and " colors " of quarks , all the while discarding the help that we naturally owe to our bodily sensorium and lifelong personal experience .
Thus , if the scientific results exceed the horizons of human intellectual comprehension , then human philosophy must be left behind , limiting itself to reflection on the way the world is thoroughly known to us as a niche for a certain thinking species or to considerations of the human position in this world , its correctness and dangers .
But as science evolves ever faster , negating its prior solutions and pronouncements , it is futile to attempt to create a philosophical system " once and for all , " in harmony with the effects of empirical discovery .
Issues such as these are what I packed into my discursive works , because I was constantly fascinated and haunted by them , and yet I saw no way of including them in my belletristic endeavors .
The fact that I did not choose one or the other ( I alternated between writing discursively and writing belletristically ) basically stems from my human nature : that of being like baking dough — my interests grew every which way at once .
I would hate to have to give up using these various strategies of relating the themes of my life .
ICR : On several occasions you have written that modern writing adheres to , or is dependent on , literary paradigms derived from sacred - mythological culture predating the rise of empiricism .
Have you developed any new narrative paradigms in your own work that are appropriate for contemporary scientific culture ?
Lem : I always approached my belletristic creations pragmatically ; that is , by trial and error .
In a sense , I was like a person who tries to jump as far as possible without pausing to think about theories of jumping .
This is why the question of whether I have created any new narrative paradigms , or crossbred some existing ones and thus benefitted from hybrid forms , or whether I made some new headway for either Form or Content , or none at all — none of this has ever interested me .
Neither do I consider myself to be the person most competent to answer this question of yours .
ICR : You have been claimed by the " metafictional " school of experimental writers in the West , yet you have often debunked and parodied the avant garde .
You describe yourself as a realist .
You are obviously not a classically realistic writer , nor a magical realist like the Latin American novelists .
What are the boundaries of Lem 's realism ?
Lem : Literary realism , for me , is literature 's way of dealing with the real problems of a dual ( at least ) type .
The first kind is the sort of problem that already exists or is coming into existence .
The second kind is the sort that appears to be lying on the path of humanity 's future .
Any attempt to differentiate " possible problems " from " fictional , " or " probable situations ( albeit seeming outrageous today ) " from " unlikely , " is probably too polarizing to be successful .
In this field , it 's every man for himself , as long as the particular reasons for claiming the status of expert on dichotomies like the ones cited above are more or less respectable .
Thus , anyone can be a selfmade authority on this subject , and so I am one .
I must add , however , that only recently did I begin to believe that I must abide by this conception of literary realism I had formulated umpteen years ago .
Nor did I apprehend it consciously at first .
That is , I stuck to a sense of implied " realism , " one implied through various hypotheses which only later became apparent to me .
This ought perhaps to be qualified by one more observation .
The contemporary physicist would be surprised to learn that , in contrast to his or her 19th - century counterpart , he or she is not a " realist " but a " fantasist . "
After all , the physicist must in some sense continue to be a realist , still working within the empirical tradition shared with 19th - century science ; he or she still converts guesses into testable hypotheses , to be crystallized into theories which are subject to falsification .
Similarly — mutatis mutandis — my writing over the last 30 years has been subjected to tests imposed by the changing world .
I dare claim that the thrust of the main changes ( such as genetic engineering or computer science ) would become apparent to me , roughly at the time when some very intelligent people simply laughed at my notions as fairy stories .
Of course , I was quite a bit off when it came to details , but the strategic movements of civilizations I fathomed rather well .
This sort of realism may be termed sound prognosticating .
On the other hand , sheer fantasizing is characterized by its self_impossibility ( for example , no one will ever manage to travel back into the past to beat up his or her grandfather ; that , I think , is certain ) .
Some of my texts I would consider to be " metafictional , " for their domain is not the world directly , but rather other texts .
I would include in this category Imaginary Magnitude , The Scene of the Crime [ Wizja Lokalna ] , 2 and Perfect Vacuum .
All three refer to texts invented by me .
These invented texts are not part of Perfect Vacuum and Imaginary Magnitude ( after all , the works mentioned within them are nowhere to be found ! ) , but The Scene of the Crime is a " novel - cum - correction " of an existing text , i.e. , the 14th Voyage of Ijon Tichy , to be found in The Star Diaries .
On the other hand , the Diaries themselves are not metafictional .
The same goes for Solaris and other titles .
( Other examples of metafiction are Provocation , " One Human Minute , " and " The World as Holocaust .
" 3 ) Readers with training in biological sciences may be the ones in the best position to enjoy my books like His Master 's Voice , but I would shy away from drawing conclusions from this .
I do not feel that I have succeeded in inventing paradigms " appropriate for scientific culture , " because I myself do n't really know how to define " scientific culture " per genus proximum et differentiam specificam .
ICR : The term scientific fantasy seems paradoxical to me .
How can something be both scientific and fantastic ?
You are the most significant writer of scientific fantasy writing now , at least from a literary perspective , so you must have reflected on this .
The scientific content of your work is clear , since it refers to known scientific history and theory .
How would you define the fantastic element of your work .
Can there be such a thing as a fantastic science or fantastic mathematics ?
Lem : No ; I never spent much time thinking carefully about the term " Scientific Fantasy , " because the various definitions and genological arguments meant to divide SF from Scientific Fantasy always seemed to me so much scholastic irrelevance , and of no benefit to either the authors or the readers .
The fact that this topic may yield doctoral dissertations ( or serious scholarly papers ) is not to be doubted , but that which benefits graduate students and academics in general does not seem to me all that important when contrasted with the scale of human needs , labors , and dangers .
The issue of whether there can be a fantastic mathematics or a fantastic biology depends on our willingness to stretch the term " fantastic . "
From the viewpoint of l9th - century physics , the " flavors " of elementary particles or the " magical number " of atomic physics or qualities such as " strangeness , " etc. are sheer fantasy .
Nevertheless , some names for the newly discovered attributes must be given , even though we realize that the particles in question are not particles in the sense of our macro - world — i.e. , they are not like stones or billiard balls .
After all , is n't a " virtual " particle — that is , one which definitely is not ; what is , is the potentiality ( probability ) of its existence — something completely fantastic , according to the gospel of our human ways .
It would appear that the fantastic transmutes itself into the real when we have no choice but to concede its existence , as was the case with the flavor of quarks .
ICR : After the mid-'60s , you seemed to turn to meditations on intellectual genius working at the limit of given possibilities of thought .
I am thinking of the mathematician Hogarth in His Master 's Voice , Testa in " The New Cosmogony , " Professor Dobbs in " Non Serviam , " Golem XIV , and so on .
This parallels your move away from dramatic - novelistic fiction , in which your scientist - protagonist is searching for an answer , and towards the more ironic metafictions of A Perfect Vacuum , Imaginary Magnitude , Provocation , etc .
As you leave Kelvin , Rohan , and Pirx behind , you create geniuses .
Undoubtedly , there are purely literary reasons for this .
But are n't there personal ones also ?
Are n't your geniuses attempts at autobiography ?
Does n't this interest in the psychology and sociology of intellectual genius reflect your own self - exploration ?
Lem :
An affirmative answer to this question is possible , although it would be merely speculative .
It was not my premeditated intention to show off the geniuses of humankind .
What happened was that because of the great weight of the problems that I took on in the texts you mention , it became necessary to stock the problem - solving with the best minds available to the society .
Thus the choice of the problem at hand dictated the choice of protagonist , not the other way around .
The protagonist genius had to be employed in the same sense in which a patient with a kidney ailment necessitates the presence of a urologist , not a cobbler or a dentist .
Of course , the mental life of the protagonist was all me — where else could I have acquired the information to render it ?
I do know , however , that books can be smarter than their authors , and that my geniuses such as Hogarth were half - illusions .
After all , I do not quote the mathematical works which made Hogarth famous .
All such things are decorations , theatrical props conjuring reality .
ICR : Many commentators have said that your ancestors are Cervantes , Swift , and Voltaire .
But your work is also rooted in the Eastern European tradition of metaphysical fantasy .
One can see the influence of Kaflka , Capek , Witkiewicz , Dostoyevsky .
Does the Eastern European reader read a different Lem than the Western reader ?
Lem : I know more or less how the critics read me , but I know nothing about how I am received by my readers , the ones who do not busy themselves with public critiquing .
My roots are at least two - fold : in belletristic writing and in hard sciences and philosophy .
To account for who influenced me , in terms of individual writers , is a feat beyond me .
I do n't know how much I owe to whom .
To tell the truth , I never thought about it .
I can say , however , that my attitude as a reader to various authors has changed a lot over time .
There was a time when I admired Witkiewicz .
Now , having picked up his Pozegnanie jesieni [ Farewell to Autumn , 1927 ] once again , I am unable to read it through .
Its philosophizing irks me now with its pretentiousness .
Its baroque stylizing when describing the spiritual now turns me off .
The whole now seems to me to be the work of a child prodigy , a snotty pupil who managed to get hold of some lessons before his time , and made mincemeat out of them .
This is n't meant to be an objective depreciation of Witkiewicz .
These are simply my current views on the subject .
I have n't read Kafka for a long time , because there is something in his works that I find repugnant .
It 's as if they contained more misfortune than is " proper " for a " decent " author .
It 's as if Kafka struggled with both some real forces and some that were but his own , personal , desperate neuroses ; and I despise writer - psychopaths .
Of Dostoyevsky 's works , only Crime and Punishment was compelling enough to make me come back to it .
As for The Brothers Karamazov and The Possessed , I was unable to read them again .
A single pass was entirely sufficient ; why , I do n't know .
I also cooled off in my admiration of Thomas Mann , with the possible exception The Magic Mountain and some other novels .
Also , Capek was a genius who often squandered his talent .
His Absolute at Large goes to pieces in its latter half .
I respect Joseph Conrad , preferring his short stories to Lord Jim and Nostromo .
I am , overall , not a studious reader of belletristic literature .
I can't say why .
I used to love Voltaire , Diderot , and Swift .
Lately I tend to return to well - known poetry instead ( Slowacki , Leimian , R.M. Rilke ) .
ICR : On the same subject , we can narrow things even more , from Eastern Europe in general to Poland in particular .
You have the reputation of being one of the most inventive Polish stylists .
You are , I know , familiar with some of your translations into Russian , English , German , and French .
Is there a specifically Polish dimension to your work that is lost when it is translated ?
Lem : Certainly , in some of my texts there are messages peculiarly meaningful to Poles .
It would be amazing if there were none .
However , a work such as Edukocja Cyfrania [ The Schooling of Cyfran ] , 4 containing such a message , has never been successfully translated .
The building material for my writing is the Polish language , and I think that I have succeeded in exploiting many of its idiosyncrasies ( not shared by non-Slavic languages ) , not only but largely in neologisms carrying poignant and grotesque content .
The translations of my works always depended on the inventiveness of my translators ; and my best two are , I think , the late I. Zimmermann - Gollheim ( German ) and M. Kandel ( English ) .
Ms Zimmermann - Gollheim succeeded in translating remarkably literally , whereas Mr Kandel has given himself a lot of interpretative latitude , replacing that which he was unwilling or unable to retain with that which was equivalent in English on some higher semantic plane .
ICR : You are famous for your neologisms — which somehow , miraculously , lend themselves to translations .
You have even included a Polish - Polish dictionary at the end of one of your books .
Do your neologisms and linguistic play come before your ideas for action , setting up the boundaries of how you develop your stories ?
Or do the neologisms come to you when you need them ?
Lem : Neologisms happen to come up only when they become absolutely indispensable to me during the course of writing .
I am unable to think up one that would carry meaning if asked to work outside of context , sui generic .
I really have no clue as to how this process works .
Some neologisms were hell to conjure .
For example , in my latest book , Fiasco , I could n't hit upon a name for the walking machines , and for two years they were nameless .
I tried to think up a derivative of Latin , and then English , but to no avail .
I finally settled , in Polish , on " wielkochody " ( multisteppers , macromobils ) .
lCR : Kafka 's influence seems strong in your work .
Memoirs Found in a Bathtub , Solaris , and " The Mask " especially lend themselves to being read as variations on Kafka 's themes .
Do you view yourself as an heir of Kafka's ?
Lem :
No , I do not consider myself the " heir " or " descendant " of Kafka .
Kafka , like God , would have to have been invented if he were n't around .
Certainly Kafka was a stage in my development , but as I have already said , I am neither awed by him nor , a fortiori , enamored of him .
ICR : And Capek ?
You do n't invoke his name often , but there are suggestive affinities .
I 'm thinking of the robot fables , and the Ijon Tichy - like situations of The Absolute at Large and The War with the Newts .
Lem : I read Capek as a teenager .
The War with the Newts is just as messed up in construction as The Absolute at Large .
And though I think that Capek conjured somewhat defective items , they were entirely original in thought and vision ( his genius can be seen in the very design of The Absolute at Large ) .
I like his Apokrify and many other stories ( for example , Tales from Two Pockets ) .
Above all , Capek is a very Czech writer , moderate , humorous , and considerably laidback or phlegmatic , just the qualities which , in this combination , Poles rather lack .
ICR : While we are on the subject of influence , let me ask you about Pascal .
I feel the presence of Pascal in your work as much as that of Wiener , Shannon , and Turing .
Jarzebski has described the sense of claustrophobia in your fiction as if the limitless space of the cosmos were merely a backdrop concealing a hidden reality .
( E.g. , personoids are " trapped " in the artificial space of the personetic computer programs in " Non Serviam " ; earthly humanity remains in ignorance of the Senders in His Master 's Voice , and of the Cosmic Game Players in " The New Cosmogony , " and of the higher realms of intelligence in Golem XIV . )
Your fascination with the silentium universi seems to recapitulate Pascal 's fascination with the limitless universe and the problem of the hidden god that will not make itself manifest in its creation .
Pascal is also one of the founders of the theory of probability that informs so much of your writing .
In a sense , your works can be read as ambivalent satires on Pascal .
Is this a coincidence of intellectual history , or did you read Pascal with a sense of recognition ?
Lem : I read about Pascal , but I do n't think I ever read him .
I suppose that my heavy reading in the biological sciences takes its toll in the form of my ignorance of some excellent writers .
As for claustrophobia , I do n't feel any .
I am aware that a certain Polish writer ( Henna Malewska ) , upon reading my Memoirs Found in a Bathtub , asked my friend and writer Jan Josef Szczepanski whether I suffer from paranoia .
I do n't .
I am psychologically normal , but I can conjure an aura of claustrophobia or agoraphobia , if needed , in my writing .
ICR : You 've said that you have been deeply influenced by Dostoyevsky 's Grand Inquisitor and Underground Man .
Yet the ethical dilemmas you depict seem very different from those facing Dostoyevsky 's protagonists .
How do you assess Dostoyevsky 's influence on your writing ?
Lem : Notes from Underground is probably the work of Dostoyevsky's that has impinged intellectually the most on my perceptions .
On the other hand , I was unable even to pay attention to a lot of his other writings , because of their feel , and so reading them was a torture ( A Raw Youth , The Brothers Karamazov , The Possessed ) .
However , the tale of the Grand Inquisitor and the aforementioned Notes from Underground will stay with me .
As for Dostoyevsky as a person , to judge from his correspondence , diaries , and the remembrances of his wife Anna , I can't stand him .
He was a veritable brilliant Russian - Nationalist monster , par excellence .
ICR : In Science Fiction and Futurology , you wrote that no one has developed Stapledon 's method of creating cultures .
Many of my students , who read your novels immediately after reading Stapledon 's Last and First Men and Star Maker , saw your work as a dialogue with Stapledon .
They read your alien encounters as intense dramatic depictions of the same subject matter that Stapledon describes with epic expansiveness .
Did Stapledon 's imaginary cosmogony have an effect on your " dramas of cognizance " ?
Lem :
Most likely , my reading of Stapledon provided plenty of inspiration for my imagination , especially from the sociological point of view ( the variety of cultures and the magnitude of their separateness ) .
I think I can say that to me he is in that select group of authors known as true eye - openers .
Still , purely belletristically , I can point to many flaws in his writing , as I have done in my Science Fiction and Futurology , especially in his Odd John .
ICR : In your polemic against Todorov , you brought up the example of Borges as a fantasist of the abstract .
You wrote that Todorov 's conception of the fantastic ( as the description of phenomena that cannot be determined to be natural or supernatural ) ignores fantastic modeling , or fantasy on the level of models .
Given the fascination that gorges ' work and your own hold , does n't this fantasy on the level of models imply that our age is more obsessed with model - generating than any previous age ?
And is n't your conception of realism in fact the mimesis of model construction ?
Lem :
Of course , one could regard my many works as models of certain situations — alternatively , as situations that are models of the problems most interesting to me , situations that showcase these problems best .
There are " models of nothing , " built by pure mathematics .
The notion of modeling is now very commonplace , thanks to computer science , because that which cannot be calculated directly can often be modeled ( simulated ) with computer — for example , the formation of galaxies .
This modeling is now a necessity in many distinct and divergent fields , and in this sense our age is more obsessed with model - generating than times past were .
ICR : Much recent work in the speculative philosophy of science has connected the new scientific paradigms with Asian philosophy .
I 'm alluding to Prigogine , Fritjof Capra , and others .
Even one of your own characters at the end of His Master 's Voice offers a quasi- Hindu cosmology in which the universe is periodically destroyed and resurrected .
Still , most of your work hinges on the effect of new knowledge on culturally established ethics and ethical self - conceptions — reflecting the " deconstructive " effect of scientific thought on humanistic ethics , the problem of good and evil , etc .
Why have you not taken up the question of the duality of being and non-being , so attractive to many contemporary philosophers of science and so central to Asian philosophy ?
Lem :
My knowledge of the philosophy of the Far East is strictly second hand .
That is , contrary to the case with Western philosophy , I have never had a textbook on Far Eastern philosophy in my hand .
Therefore , my knowledge in this area is fragmentary , uncertain , and thus rather haphazard .
Being rather strongly tied to empiricism , I feel quite distant from the Far Eastern speculations .
For instance , I value Schopenhauer a great deal , but I like his Eastern influences the least .
As for contemporary philosophy of science , I consider Capra 's ideas silly , whereas I love Prigogine 's — his are priceless discoveries .
On the other hand , Prigogine 's popular fare does not impress me at all .
I draw a very clear line between that which the scientist accomplishes in his or her field from that which the scientist says about it ( even more so when he or she speaks on other issues ! ) .
ICR : You once wrote to me that you believe a lot of what Golem says .
His speculations on the " toposophy " of Superior Artificial Intelligences can be read as a materialistic version of theosophy — a theosophy without a teleology .
The development of intelligence described by Golem seems to parallel the development of " spiritual consciousness " projected by Teilhard , the Austrian mystic Rudolph Steiner , and others in the modern Western mystical tradition .
Despite your stated dislike of mysticism and of Hegel , are n't you describing a dialectical progress of the Spirit of Intelligence in Golem 's vision ?
Lem :
It is not one and the same to me that someone should promise people that humans will fly because they 'll grow wings — like angels — or promise them , as Roger Bacon did , that they will fly because they will build appropriate machines .
This is why I put some faith in the conceptualizations of Golem , as they can be extrapolated from real successes of computer science , cybernetics , and automata theory .
On the other hand , the writings of Teilhard de Chardin are to me but an attempt at crossing theology with biology , harmful to both .
To me , Steiner is just a flake .
I believe in a planet - mind , but I do n't believe in bending spoons and keys as acts of pure will — psychokinesis .
And , in any case , the vision of Golem ought to be taken cum grano salts .
He himself cautions that he does n't know but is merely supposing .
I merely supposed about his suppositions .
ICR : You have said that philosophy 's weakness vis -à - vis science is that philosophy has no " other , " no test of failure , no inherent mode of self - correction .
Does n't your work imply that science has a weakness vis -à - vis art ?
If not , why did n't you become a scientist or an engineer ?
Lem :
The world - models supplied by philosophers are arbitrary , in the sense that they do not contain appeals to some decisive factor in favor of a given proposal .
The models supplied by science test themselves against reality , else the shuttle Discovery could n't have been flying around the planet .
The scientific models do , however , spill over the boundaries of everyday utility ; but wherever they do , they lose currency and become old and void .
The products of dated technology are anachronistic , but never become " incompatible with reality " ; Stephenson 's locomotive and Ford 's original automobile could run today as easily as in their heyday .
On the other hand , the image of a world based on the 19th century 's atomism is outdated , discarded — indeed , incompatible with the truth .
Only in this sense can science be said to " make mistakes , " and even so , science learns from its mistakes and moves on .
A newer model is not the final one , either — that is , true once and for all .
The world - models supplied by literature need not undergo the above process , provided that the problems under discussion themselves do not go away .
There is no way to support science with literature and vice - versa , even though both are intellectual pursuits and tell us something new about the world .
A literature that rejects science toto in corpore borders on the autistic , the nihilistic .
Still , science and literature have incompatible agendas .
Science attempts to show that the world is such and such , that phenomena have such and such a structure , and any questions asked of science on these subjects elicit changing answers .
Literature , on the other hand , may pose questions that have no answers .
It may pose problems that are not understood or understandable .
It may concern itself with that which may befall humans or humanity .
The boundaries of literature run at the bounds of articulated speech ( ethnic speech ) .
The boundaries of science lie where no language , no code , no simulation , no modeling would suffice for the purpose of posing questions and answering them .
However , aside from living in everyday life and seriously doing science , people may and do like to play .
Science may be a plaything and , in part , that is what my literature is .
ICR : Much of the wit and originality of your fiction lies in the way you create paradoxical relationships between literary and scientific models .
Are there scientific models that are completely impossible to encode in the language of fiction ?
Are there scientific models that entertain you , but that you know you cannot turn into tales ?
Lem : I would imagine that there are plenty of intriguing scientific problems par excellence that may have trouble ending up in literature .
Such troubles are well known to me .
They have caused me , among other things , departures from the usual sorts of plot in favor of highly abbreviated fiction ( A Perfect Vacuum , Imaginary Magnitude ) .
I also wrote ( in Herr F. , which exists only in German as a publication of Suhrkamp Bibliothek ) about an unsuccessful attempt of mine to write a " contemporary Faust , " and I tried to explain there why this attempt did not work .
( The protagonist was to be humanity , not an individual — that was the problem . )
In the US there is a periodical published by scientists and intended strictly for the cognoscenti , some specialists .
It abounds with parodies , in - jokes ( mostly nonsensical ) , and crazy ideas , entirely inaccessible to outsiders .
I would n't make literature out of such material , for although I do not especially brood about my intended audience , I do not go around writing for some hundred souls with the requisite knowledge of nucleonics or computer programming .
Such a hermeneutics is not for me .
lCR : Some critics were disappointed when you abandoned the novelistic mode of the '60s and adopted the ludic pseudo - essay mode of the imaginary reviews and introductions .
In some cases , it appeared the critics were longing for a return to a causality , while you were exploring undecideable games .
In your recent work , however , you seem to be returning to the narrative pattern of your earlier work .
Is this how you conceive The Scene of the Crime and Fiasco ?5
Lem :
Yes , it is true that in Peace on Earth , The Scene of the Crime , and Fiasco I have returned to plot - oriented fiction .
Most likely , this return of mine — which occurred after writing several pamphlets of the fictional review sort , though entirely serious , such as Provocation , " One Human Minute , " " The World as Holocaust , " " Weapon Systems of the 21st Century " 6 — was caused by the many contemporary global changes : the rising antagonism between East and West , the growing reality of the Star Wars ( SDI ) vision , and my personal dilemmas as a Pole .
But who knows what the reasons and motives for this return are ; the foregoing is just my hypothesis .
ICR : One of the most interesting aspects of your work is the apparent ambivalence you feel about technological evolution .
Sometimes you imply that its future is inevitable and autonomous , but at other times you argue explicitly that some social control must be imposed to restore the sense of value .
Simone
Well wrote that the peculiarity of 20th - century Western culture is that is it is the first civilization to have lost the consciousness of value .
You yourself wrote — in the Summa , in Science Fiction and Futurology , etc. — that our age has endangered itself by replacing value with comfort .
How do you envision the restoration of value and social controls in the era of Star Wars ?
Lem :
In a non-antagonistic world , the conquest ( " domestication , " neutralization ) of technological evolution could happen , theoretically .
But with the symmetrical lack of trust according to the principle pacta sunt servanda , each side maximizes its efforts to prevent being overtaken by the other .
This state of affairs can indeed lead to a technological foxhole .
This is the main point of my Fiasco .
The factor that brings this specter about does not pertain to science itself ; it arises courtesy of the global political situation : not just the East - West rivalry , but also the fundamentalism of Islamic extremists .
Futurologists , such as those in the Rand Corporation , have in the past umpteen years conjured hundreds upon hundreds of political and economic scenarios of the future paths of the world , but the mad renaissance of Islam 's aggressiveness had not been foreseen by them in any of their scenarios !
A situation has arisen necessitating an ambivalent relationship between science and technology , as both jointly bring forth exquisite , mortally dangerous offerings .
What I write is but a reflection of this situation .
There is no universal cure for this ailment , at least I do n't see any .
Aside from the continuing East - West conflict , how can one fail to notice movements like that of Islamic fundamentalism , in the face of which , democracy finds itself a priori at a disadvantage .
This disadvantage does not manifest itself only in terrorism ; it is brought about by the very existence of an elite of technologically rich nations .
These nations are marvelous suppliers of bombs , arms , electronics , remote - control detonators , passenger airliners ( for hijacking ) , and news — this status guarantees that they are susceptible to blackmail , and guarantees that they will never be ready to strike out in a blind massive retaliatory strike .
In a word , this Islam which has given global culture so many intellectual treasures is now turning out to be its parasite .
This situation caused me to write The Scene of the Crime.7
ICR : According to Aquinas , the other Summalogist , Amor est magis cognitiva quam cognitio .
It is a striking characteristic of your work that you do n't depict affectional relationships among your protagonists — at least since Solaris and Return from the Stars .
Some theorists have made persuasive arguments that cognition is inextricably tied to certain kinds of affections — and that the Western tradition of purifying the intellect involves a refusal to give value to emotional relationships with the world .
Actually , Solaris might be read as depicting exactly this state of affairs , since the Solarists , as soon as they encounter the alien planet , are suddenly brought face to face with the emotional lives they have repressed .
You seem to have left this theme behind — so much so that your Golem dispassionately dismisses love .
Is this lack of amor in your work a conscious strategy ?
Lem : Love is a matter of individuals .
It is the fulfillment of the human psyche 's expectations .
An individual is able to feel love towards only a small number of the closest persons , be it erotic love , parental , or other — for example , religiously inspired .
In my private life , this emotion plays perhaps the main role .
But one cannot really love humanity .
It is impossible even to get to know all coexisting persons .
So put , " love of humanity " is a pure abstraction , entirely impotent in the face of the world 's dramatic problems .
This is why making love the subject of a book is tantamount to closing one 's eyes to the problems of the world , and because of this alone , it would hinge on being escapist .
Of course , these are strictly my private convictions .
I do not believe that love can save nations or entire societies .
This may be why love has taken the backseat in my writing .
ICR : In some ways , you are one of the most modern writers .
Your fiction is usually based on the contemporary scientific problems and paradigms .
But in other ways , you seem to have more affinities with 19th - century writers , what with your citations from Swinburne , your invocations of Schopenhauer , your Nietzschean problems .
Do you find you admire 19th - century fiction more than 20th - century fiction ?
Lem :
The literature of the 20th century has lost its battle , or at least finds itself in retreat .
I can see more and more books in bookstores , yet fewer and fewer ones that I would like to read .
The tales of refugees from totalitarian countries reduce themselves to an exhaustive catalogue of social and psychological suffering that such systems treat their citizens to .
These books cannot pick their readers up , and the lessons they teach are not pleasant .
One could say that the job of literature is not primarily to entertain , move , and cheer us up , but as Conrad said , to " bring the visible world to justice . "
Well , in order to bring this world to justice , it is first necessary to understand it with one 's intellect , to appreciate the wealth of its diversity .
That , however , is now impossible , at least for any narrative convention involving plot , the sort that was crafted into perfection by l9th - century prose .
( A fine exemplar , if not pinnacle , of this sort of prose is Tolstoy 's War and Peace , for it contains both a sweeping historical view and a focus on individual people and groups . )
Since I consider this epic approach no longer feasible today , if only because a microcosm of a few individuals does nothing to reflect the larger macrocosm of our planet , I aim instead to create models of the major problems that lie ahead of us , problems that humanity will have to face right now and in the coming decades .
Perhaps the retreat from the epic form was unavoidable , but it need not have meant sliding into escapism .
I do n't believe that literature should not entertain and humor us , but the goal which it must never surrender is that of being a medium for the intellectual , the philosophical , and the reflective ( about the human condition ) .
This is why I hold in contempt the nouveau roman and other assorted exercises of the avant garde , including whatever tortures human speech is subjected to by the lot of current experimenters .
The writing of little poems for beautifully decorated fat monthlies like The Missouri Review , where they appear on glossy paper , is infantile .
8
The fact that the mass production of these little poems never ceases is to me a symptom of the boundless naïveté of their authors and editors .
At any rate , we happen to live in decadent , declining times , a fact that can be readily seen in contemporary music and art .
It is impossible to envision either one in the 21st century , because " everything has been tried already . "
Not knowing what is ahead , I write in order to find out a little about it .
P.S. Quite a lot of these questions , like many of the ones I have been receiving for the past 30 years , are based on a tacit assumption that my knowledge and understanding of my texts ' problematic , or how they come to be , or where they belong in the scheme of things , is better than the corresponding notions of my interlocutors ; in fact , that it is definitive .
In reality , while I do have some knowledge , it is not the sort of knowledge that a press correspondent possesses when relating the course of a game , but rather the knowledge of an observer at a printer , who sees the newspapers as they are being printed up .
My answers may lead to entirely false conclusions : say , that before writing anything I spent time considering its problematic — say , that before writing Solaris , I intended to write about the futile attempts of human contact with an alien phenomenon , attempts that end in a spectacular crash of anthropocentrism after the depiction of many adventures and sufferings of the protagonists .
Such was not the case : I did n't know anything at first , not even that I would put some eerie ocean on that planet .
When I write , the process of writing has nothing in common with building a house , a bottom - up activity based on a top - down design ( involving architects , investors , builders , and workers ) .
Both the structure of the plot and the adventures of the characters come into being as I write .
The initial state of the book is but a nebulous , extremely loose bunch of ideas .
The final state — after the writing is done — is still a nebulous , rather loose bunch of ideas , albeit markedly less nebulous and less loose .
Nevertheless , this uncertainty never totally shrinks away .
For example , even then , I have no clue as to the worth of the new work .
I do not know how it will be read and understood by its various readers , whether they will be bored or thrilled .
Usually , all my books are first read by my wife , and very often I have gone along with her ( highly critical ) remarks .
It has also often happened that I would not agree with her : for example , when she considered my descriptions of the library in Solaris as spurious .
In other works , occasionally I had an inner certitude that the text had to remain in its initial form .
I cannot explain that feeling and whence it comes .
What may be even more surprising ( if not downright paradoxical sounding ) , this was the way in which I wrote my discursive prose as well : no projects , no blueprints .
If a priori plans were needed , it often turned out they were n't kept .
It was as though I was carried away by the current of my thought as I was writing the text — the sort of thing that happens to white water rafters : keeping the course and not really managing to do so .
Basically , I wrote by trial and error , and since I never cross out anything , instead throwing away in its entirety what does not please me , I see myself as a high - jumper , making attempts at a height , one after another , each a contained procedure , including the initial run .
It is impossible to pause in the air over the crossbar in order to make an adjustment .
1 usually write both " horizontally " and " vertically . "
That is , the initial linear plot picks up new ideas , thus widening .
Then I have to make over entire chapters , or more .
Often , when I am having trouble striking the right tone or keeping the style I want , I start " randomly , " aware that in the final tally I can get rid of the beginning altogether or replace it with some other .
I did that with The Scene of the Crime , where the first chapter had over ten variants .
I threw them all out and wrote " In Switzerland " as its first chapter — admittedly , when the book was n't completed yet , but when I had already grasped all of it .
The same applies to the serious / grotesque modal axis ( and similar choices ) .
A modality such as that comes to be during the process of writing , and I have often switched after making an initial choice , like a composer switching to a different key .
Eventually , I learned a lot from myself .
For example , I have on occasion inadvertently included a reflexive microcosm within a work .
In The Investigation , the strange phenomena behind the wall of Gregory 's house are reflexive microcosms of the entire plot .
Similarly , Solaris contains many such items ( and they often contradict one another ) — e.g. , the library scene I mentioned before .
Therefore , when it came to writing Fiasco , I deliberately inserted into the book a fantasy about an expedition for strange African ants ( in the chapter called " Crystal Ball " ) , because its peculiar problem turns out to be insoluble — in a way similar to the climax of Fiasco .
As for the " fantastic /technological " or " scientific " ideas , the ones I regard as unrealizable have found their place in my grotesque , satiric , and humorous writings .
On the other hand , novels such as Solaris , Eden , The Invincible , Fiasco , Katar [ translated into English as Chain of Chance ] and the " serious " ones contain none .
I have avoided like the plague the problematic of " time travel , " " travel with infinite speed , " ESP , psychokinesis , et cetera , for the very simple reason that I do n't believe that they can come about .
Similarly , " flying saucers " show up exclusively in my satire .
Gradually , however , in the 1960s , I started to synthesize the serious with the grotesque in the same works .
The Futurological Congress is a depressing tale , but told funnily — i.e. , with black humor .
An even more thorough mix is found in The Scene of the Crime , and there , striking the correct balance was a big effort for me .
And I consider the 21st Journey Ijon Tichy ( with the robot - monks ) to be one of my most " teleologically " serious works , one that I personally attach great importance to .
It is , in a way , a very farsighted " futurology of religious faith " set in a heyday of technologies that allow thinking creatures to accomplish absolutely everything that Nature can accomplish and , furthermore , everything that is potentially possible , but which Nature does not realize directly .
( Nature does not directly realize typewriters . )
I always wondered why the critics never paid much attention or gave much interpretation to that work .
I consider the exercise of taxonomizing ( classifications , genealogies ) in literature to be a harmful brand of scholastic activity ( if it is meant to tell us how to pigeonhole a work ) , because the most interesting issues happen to be located on the borders of classes , especially the ones we consider sterile ( like mules ! ) .
That is , it may appear that certain literary species are not to be crossbred , but I benefited greatly from such crossbreeding .
I hybridized cybernetics and quantum mechanics , impregnating them with fairy - tale schemes .
I mixed kitchen scripts with rocket tales in Tichy 's adventures .
( I have yet to come across an SF account of an astronaut with a stomach ache , or the specter of a stuffed up toilet — which as we know , was a major problem of the space shuttle . )
As I have written in my theoretical books , the conventionality of youth adventure stories ( as in Verne ) does not permit the gentle travellers to attend to their physiological needs .
Such trifles are left out as non-existent .
In realistic prose — as in Tolstoy , for example — while there may be no " toilet scenes , " we , the readers , understand perfectly well that the author may leave out such matters because Karenina and Vronsky were in apartments , and the fact that they went to the bathroom is of no consequence , and that fact alone suffices to account for Tolstoy 's silence on this matter .
However , when men ( or women ) are sent into the Cosmos , or even to the Moon , they do not leave behind those parts of the anatomy used for passing stool and urine , as they do not leave behind the necessities of drinking , eating , and breathing .
A fortiori , the unfortunate unsuitability of the human body - form for cosmic travel should at least be acknowledged in SF and such , if this stuff does n't want to be merely tales from The 1001 Nights .
After all , the real astronauts had to grapple with shaving and menstruation on their way into orbit .
SF in the US circa the 1950s was incredibly prudish .
In the matters mentioned above , human physiology and sex , and also in regard to religious faith , it sported many taboos , and only when the world outside SF spilled over these barriers did SF run wild ( for only a short while , fortunately ) , lurching into a " cosmic pornography " ( Jose Farmer , for example , from one extreme to another , but never in the middle .
The above considerations of " peepee and caca " are , of course , the bare minimum of realism .
I know them well from personal experience , because when traveling in 1946 during the postwar resettlement from Lvov to Cracow — in rail boxcars — both ladies and gentlemen , although they were mightily embarrassed at first , had to take care of their bodily needs by extending their behinds through the doors held ajar , or to attempt the same right next to the temporarily halted train and be ready to board in a hurry in case it moved on .
Well , this necessity of " physiological exhibition " made the distance between the passengers vanish in a jiffy ....
And , as far as limiting criteria of introducing in one 's serious writing pseudo - realistic , non-existent machines , technologies , and effects , I think that overall I am in this regard a cautious , restrained conservative .
After all , in my writing of some quarter of a century ago , I spoke of the emergence of genetic engineering , continuous increase of computer power , and molecular computing as events far in the future , certainly the future that I would not live to see .
Similarly , with my " embrion , " a fetus carried by two women in turn ( see " Professor A. Donda " from The Star Diaries ) , 9 entailing the notion of fetal transfer ; or with the freezing of sperm ; or with making gene exchanges in the genotype ( Science Fiction and Futurology ) -- of these notions are now more or less state of the art .
It is most peculiar that when the conclusion of Peace on Earth led me to the concept of computer programs acting as malignant viruses or cancers , and when I settled on that ending even though it seemed to me overly fantastic ( that is , taken from thin air , as it were — not deserving of inclusion even in a satire ) , I happened to pick up a copy of Newsweek about the so - called Soft Wars or Core Wars , and then a large piece in Scientific American on the same topic .
No reader of Peace on Earth will think , I suppose , that the author thought these things up before learning of their real status , that the author did not use technical literature but instead thought along the lines of an analogy between computer / program and phenotype / genotype .
Yet when writing Peace on Earth , I did not even have the help of accurate information on AIDS : the emergence of a never heretofore encountered virus which exploits the dense population of our planet , promiscuity , and the many available communication links responsible for transporting local germs to lands far and wide .
I took circumstance and change to be the two factors charting the changing ways of the world .
All the politicians and columnists taking up the issue of Star Wars do not seem to realize that ever since technological evolution began its acceleration , no particular stage of it ( in energy management , in mining , in distribution of goods , in economics , in production for military and consumer purposes , in astronautics ) is subject to freezing , to permanence .
Each such stage is necessarily a passing one , and changes trigger changes ( it 's a bootstrapping process , feeding on itself ) .
These considerations happen to apply across the board to all disciplines .
The dying of forests , the acid rains , the polluting of water sources , pollution - triggered climate changes , etc. , will only intensify , as will the mass starvations of the Third World , because no local relief action will overturn the general trend .
It is this type of implication that is hidden below the humorous surface of The Futurological Congress , which now reads rather strangely for me , for it feels much less fantastic ( and thus , less entertaining ) than when I wrote it .
Similarly , many ideas contained in Summa Technologiae are about to be realized .
Of course , this realization is not exactly the same as I foresaw it ( it would be a miracle if everything I wrote came about exactly as I predicted ) .
This is why that book , which in 1964 appeared chock full of fairy tales intermingled with scientific " realia , " may be considered dated in places : after all , it talks about what shall be , whereas in places it already is .
Those passages must now appear to have been written about the contemporary state of things , for no one pays attention to when it was written .
( I wrote it in 1962_63 , but it came out a year later , as Polish printers acted slow as molasses ; today , things creep even slower , one has to wait 2 - 3 years for an edition . )
I think that the idea of making a roster of my published ideas in order to compare them with the calendarium of actual scientific and technological progress would be an interesting exercise .
In computer science , Dr Gerhard Vowe has attempted just that .10
The above remarks pertain to my informational sources , and to my " grammar of concept - formation . "
It is not a closed phenomenon , stacked with tidbits of information , but rather a potential for the interception of and further thinking about certain problems and notions .
My " futurological news " cannot be thus readily scooped out of my head , for they are there ( if they are there ) in a latent , potential state .
They are mere rumors .
My conclusions are extracted from them only through the course of my work .
P.P.S. I think it would be of benefit to present briefly my attitude towards criticism .
For 20 years following the publication of my first book , I was treated in Poland as a writer of youth - oriented adventure stories , essentially a Grade B writer .
Poland never really did " discover " me .
The respect came with the echoes of my foreign successes .
In fact , it was n't what was written by the foreign critics that made the difference .
Rather , it was the fact that I started accumulating all the translations : some 30 - odd languages and millions of copies sold .
There were many causes for this state of affairs .
The critics tend to be humanists ( Polonists ) .
The scientific paradigm is Chinese to them .
Furthermore , SF in Poland ( and beyond ) has been regarded as a cheap genre .
In fact , it came to the point that several years ago , when I was already established in the world and in Poland , one of our leading critics , a professor of Polish literature and a dean at the Jagellonian University ( Jan B16nski ) confided to my wife that he could write something about me as a man , but about my books , nothing .
He even apologized to me that he could n't include my output in some colloquium he gave in France about Polish literature , because he was unable to identify my spot on the map of Polish literature , contemporary or past , among such - and - such an avant garde school or movement or what_not .
Somehow I was " someplace else . "
On the other hand , Jerzy Jarzebski , a Gombrowicz scholar , did write a 200 - page monograph about me ( it is to appear in German next year , published by Insel Verlag of West Germany ) .
And although he displayed a certain acumen in his analysis , he was unable to perceive my work from the " epistemological angle , " for it is a side ingrained in biology , which is rather alien to him .
Nota bene , Jarzebski , acquainted with my " empirical theory of literature , " The Philosophy of Chance , and " Markiz w Grafie " 11 ( in the last of which I applied game theory to a genological analysis of De Sade ) did attempt to apply the method I proposed ( the game theory 's structure , the structure of dynamic conflicts , and not the static structures of the classic structuralism ) , even calling his book Gra w Gombrowicza [ " The Gombrowicz Game " ] , but I can tell from the content that he has no idea of what game theory is all about , that the notions of saddle - like payoff function and such , zero - sum and non -zero - sum games , etc. are completely foreign to him .
In the final tally , there never was inspiring criticism as far as I am concerned .
There still is n't any .
I have been given , however , much friendly advice to the effect that I should write ( at last ) a " normal contemporary novel , " which could be profitably critiqued .
This strikes me as analogous to advising a contemporary composer to compose " like Beethoven , " because his or her own music is only so much noise .
Several of my belletristic titles did succeed in attracting accurate critics overseas ( one of the first was T. Solotaroff a few years back ) , but since a great deal of my writing has never been translated into the languages accessible to the critics , the reviews have always struck me as tiny fragmentary snapshots of a larger panorama .
Particularly the following ( often entertaining ) mistakes have been made by my foreign critics : ( 1 ) I have been accused of being familiar with the output of authors whom I have never read , as well as adherence to philosophical systems of which I have not the least idea .
This alleged knowledge on my part was then taken as a starting point of the review .
( 2 ) Certain conclusions have been reached through the analysis of idioms and expressions which are artifacts of translations and never appeared in the Polish original .
( 3 ) 1 always seem to end up guilty of polemics , be it with religious faith , or with Bentham ( with utilitarianism ) , or with causal determinism ; or since there is a lot of space given to theology ( and theodicy ) in my work , then necessarily I must be religious ; and if my novels happen to have many interpretations , then there must be one that is authoritative , correct , and final !
( Better yet , 1 , the author , know perfectly well which is that correct interpretation , for it was my guiding principle during the course of writing : perhaps I did not succeed in rendering my intentions well , but I do know them well . )
This latter point is 100 % wrong , at least in my case .
I do not commence my belletristic endeavors with abstract philosophical contemplations .
I write that and about that which surprises and intrigues me , and does so in the form of certain fuzzy ideas .
NOTES
1 . The philosophical journal Lem is referring to is Studia Filozofczne .
2. Wizja Lokalna ( The Scene of the Crime ) is a long Ijon Tichy novel ( 313 pp. in Polish ) , which appeared in 1982 from Lem 's usual Polish publisher , Wydawnictwo Literackie .
A Japanese translation appeared in 1983 , and German editions in 1985 ( the same translation was used in East and West Germany ) .
No other translations are currently under contract .
3. " Provocation , " a review of a non-existent book ( a two - volume German treatise , The Genocide , by Horst Aspernicus ) appeared in two issues ( 7 and 8 , July and August 1980 ) of the Polish monthly Odra , and in 1981 as a German book from Suhrkamp in Frankfurt .
A Russian translation will appear in a Russian exile magazine published by Rafail Nudelman in Israel .
No other translations are under contract .
" One Human Minute " and `` The World as Holocaust " appeared first in 1983 in translation from Suhrkamp in Germany ; along with ' Weapons Systems of the 21st Century , " they form " Lem 's Library of the 21st Century . "
All three are in a volume , One lluman Minute , just published by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich .
4. " Edukacja Cyfrania " is a long Cyberiad story , first published in 1976 ( by Widawnictwo Literackie ) in the volume Maska ; no full translations have appeared ( although it is under contract in West Germany ) ; partial translations have appeared in both East and West Germany .
5 . Fiasco is as yet unpublished in Poland or anywhere else , but it is forthcoming in Sweden , France , both Germanies , Poland , and the US .
6. Peace on Earth , unpublished in Polish , was first published in 1985 in Swedish ( Fred pa Jorden , published by Brombergs ) , and is forthcoming in German , French , and Finnish ; it is under contract to HBJ , and to Andre Deutsch in England .
7 . See note 2 .
8 . Lem is in error here .
The Missouri Review is not a monthly ; it appears three times a year .
9. " Professor A. Donda " appeared in Maska ; it is a " Reminiscence of Ijon Tichy " accidentally left out of the HBJ volume Memoirs of a Space Traveler .
10 . See Hennings et al. , ed. Informations - und Kommunikations Strakturen der Zubunit .
Workshop mit Stanislaw Lem ( Wilhelm Fink Verlag , 1983 ) .
Introduction
Of the three books envisaged two are informal , one covering the theoretical and the other the practical aspects of positive philosophy .
The third book contains formal materials connected with positive philosophy in various ways , and comes in three volumes .
Of these three volumes are concerned with formal exegetical analysis , one consists of various formal syntheses , and the third contains supporting materials ( theories having little philosophical interest ) , and complete theory listings for all three parts .
Positive Philosophy and The Automation of Reason A presentation of the theoretical / analytic side of Positive Philosophy closely coupled with a contemporary conception of the research and development programmes of Leibniz and Carnap on the formalisation and automation of reason and its applications in science and engineering .
Positive Philosophy , Freedom and Democracy Practical Positive Philosophy is concerned with existential questions , ethics , morality , justice , politics and economics .
ROOSEVELT PARK —
Two women trying to avoid arrest after allegedly stealing goods from a local Wal - Mart store head - butted , urinated on and drove off with a security guard in the getaway car on Halloween night , police said .
Roosevelt Park Police Chief Bill Regan said the ordeal was reported at 7:43 p.m. by a male security guard who attempted to stop the women from getting away with $ 45 in stolen merchandise from the Roosevelt Park Wal - Mart SuperCenter , 3285 Henry .
Marilyn Cole , 35 , of 859 E. Isabella , Muskegon , was arraigned Tuesday in Muskegon County ’s 60th District Court for one count of unarmed robbery and one count of interfering with a crime report , both felonies .
Cole , who was on parole for bank robbery at the time , also was charged as a second - time habitual offender .
The Federal Bureau of Prisons Web site indicates Cole was released from prison April 3 .
A judge set her bond at $ 35,000 cash or surety and she was ordered not to have any contact with Wal - Mart stores , the victim or the co-defendant , Rashieka Lariena Stewart .
Stewart , 23 , of 567 Marquette , Muskegon , was arraigned Tuesday on one count of unarmed robbery .
A judge set her bond at $ 15,000 , and she was ordered not to have any contact with Wal - Mart stores .
Both women were scheduled for a preliminary examination on Nov. 17 .
According to Regan , the two women were stopped inside the Wal - Mart on Saturday after being busted for stealing merchandise , including curtains and makeup .
The women were detained at the front door , but broke away from the security guard and ran to their vehicle in the store parking lot , Regan said .
The security guard ran after the women , and Stewart jumped into the driver ’s seat , Regan said .
The security guard then attempted to block Cole from getting into the passenger ’s seat by putting himself between her and the vehicle ’s door , Regan said .
At that point , Cole “ head butted ” the security guard , who fell backward into the vehicle , Regan said .
“ The bottom of the body fell into the passenger ’s seat and the front part in the back of the car , ” Regan said .
“ Then she sat on him .
He grabbed his phone and called 911 , but she fought for the phone and then urinated on him . ”
Stewart then drove away with the security guard still in the vehicle and Cole holding him down , Regan said .
The chief said Cole weighs 230 pounds .
Stewart drove the vehicle out of the parking lot , north onto Henry Street and into the parking lot of Acme Bedding Co. , 660 W. Broadway , the chief said .
It was unclear why she stopped at Acme Bedding .
Authorities were dispatched to the bed store , where the security guard was safely turned over to police .
But the women — after refusing to get out of the vehicle — were forced out at gunpoint , Regan said .
E-mail Heather Lynn Peters at
The Royal Bank of Canada is getting the hopes up of several thousand Canadians who entered to win a trip to the Vancouver 2010 Olympic Winter Games .
The bank has been running a contest on its website for an all - expenses paid trip to the games in February .
Most recently , RBC has been making calls to ‘ follow up ’ with those who entered making it sound like they have won .
The calls begin in a similar manner , “ Is this so and so ?
You entered a contest to win a trip to the Olympics a while ago … ”
At this point , customers are super stoked and are just waiting to hear the words , “ You ’ve won . ”
After building up the excitement , the rep asks the caller if they are interested in opening up a mortgage or applying for a loan to work on any “ projects ” before February 2010 to take advantage of the government ’s tax credit on home renovations .
After the majority of callers decline the offer , they ask the rep if they have won or not , and are then politely told they have n’t .
This little trick of RBC ’s is meant to keep potential customers on the phone longer than they normally would be if they were given the mortgage sales pitch right off the bat .
The financial institution did n’t return an e-mail for comment on Thursday regarding the sales technique .
How cruel of you , RBC .
Cash for Clunkers claimed some really interesting vehicles - Was a Buick GNX among them ?
Groupings
( 18 ) Audi S4 and S6
( 31 ) AM General postal vehicles
( 24 ) Alfa Romeo 164
( 60 ) AMC Eagle
( 53 ) Audi A8
( 3,500 + ) BMWs including an M3 , M5 , Z3 , 850i and ( 3 ) 740il Protection
( 52 ) Cadillac Allante
( 15 ) Cadillac Commercial Chassis / Limousines
( 1,007 ) Chevy Camaro
( 97 ) Chevy Corvette
(5) AWD Chrysler 300
( 17 ) Chrysler Conquest
( 39 ) Chrysler TC by Maserati
(3) Dodge Conquest
(6) Dodge Daytona
( 210 ) Dodge Stealth
( 16 ) Eagle Talon
(2) Federal Coach Lincoln Limo
(2) Ford Aspire ( did n't these things get like 30 mpg ? )
( 855 ) Ford Crown Victoria CNG
( 917 ) Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor
( 14 ) USPS Ford Explorer
( 24 ) Ford F - 150 SVT Lightning
( 1,611 ) Ford Mustang ( so Mustang beats Camaro here )
( 107 ) Ford Taurus SHO ( do n't tell Neff )
( 15 ) Isuzu Vehicross
( 1,047 ) Jaguars including ( 9 ) XJR , ( 2 ) XK8 and ( 96 ) XJS
(3) Laforza SUV
(6) Maseratis including a Biturbo and the 1985 Quattroporte
( 373 ) Mazda RX - 7
( 5,000 + ) Mercedes - Benz including ( 142 ) SL , ( 3 ) S600 , a 1994 E500 , a 1992 500E , 1995 C36 and 1999 C43
( 26 ) Merkur Scorpio and ( 21 ) XR4Ti
( 187 ) Mitsubishi 3000GT
(3) Mitsubishi Eclipse and ( 4 ) Starion
(2) 1984 Nissan 200SX , ( 2 ) 1994 240SX and ( 381 ) 300ZX
( 1,935 ) Oldsmobile Aurora
( 22 ) Peugeot
( 87 ) Pontiac Aztek ( more please ) , ( 61 ) Fiero and ( 569 ) Firebird / Trans Am / Formula
(6) Porsche 928 including ( 2 ) S4
(6) Porsche 944
( 597 ) Saab
(3) Saturn
( 20 ) Sterling
( 173 ) Subaru including ( 123 ) SVX
( 327 ) Toyota Supra , including ( 4 ) final generation
Mixed reaction has surrounded the government 's Cash for Clunkers program , but after spending around $ 2.8 billion , some 700,000 new vehicles have found homes .
But what got traded in ?
We 've heard some horror stories , but now that the full list of executed vehicles has been released on the Cars.gov website and we 've listed some of the oddities we found while snooping around .
Many are down right hard to believe , suggesting either errors in the submission process , typos in the list or even some fudging by dealers who clunked a few vehicles that were n't eligible .
After the jump is a list of " Clunkers " that stood out .
We can't guarantee these all really went to the crusher , but they do appear on the list .
Follow the jump for a recap of the program 's eligibility requirements for trade - in vehicles and our full list .
And we 'd suggest having a box of tissues nearby .
[ Source : Cars.gov
We 've outlined the rules of the government 's Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save Act of 2009 ( CARS ) program before , but we think a refresher is warranted before you browse the list below .
Customers were able to bring in an old " clunker " no older than model year 1984 that got , at most , 18 mpg if they were buying a new vehicle with better mpg .
That trade - in had to be in running condition and insured for at least one year prior to the trade .
A rebate of $ 3,500 - $ 4,500 for the trade was applied towards a new car purchase based on the difference in mpg between the old and the new vehicle .
Dealers did most of the work , verifying the eligibility of the traded vehicle and seeing to it that the old cars were properly disposed of .
That included disabling the engine and guaranteeing the cars were shredded before the government refunded the money .
NOTE : We find it hard to believe that many vehicles in the list below were actually destroyed through the Cash for Clunkers program , and while they may be officially on the list , their inclusion is more likely explained by an error in the submission process , typos or dealerships that managed to game the system .
Stills from any film give a very incomplete picture of what the actual viewing experience , and this is particularly true of Brakhage films .
The perceived imagery in Brakhage 's work depends very much on movement and montage , to the extent that some things a viewer is convinced are contained in a single image are in fact only the product of movements within a shot , or / and of juxtapositions from shot to shot .
Still , I 've attempted to select strips and individual frames that suggest the aesthetic of each film .
Where a still image makes sense I use that ; for handpainted films I 've tried to use strips , and I 've included some strips from photographed films to show movement and editing patterns .
Above some of the strips are selected frames from those strips that I chose as particularly representative .
The larger versions of these frames are not quite the highest resolution I can get .
Also , unlike frames within the strip , these are cropped to reflect the cropping that 16 mm projectors produce according to the current SMPTE standard .
Projectors do not show the entire frame , and while Brakhage views the whole strip while painting on it , he also views the films projected before completion , and what appears on the screen is the intended final result .
Similar care has been used in writing the titles of each film , which appear in italics .
I have used the form of the title exactly as it appears on the film itself , which Brakhage confirms is his preferred form .
Thus the title of " existence is song " includes quote marks , to take one example .
Except for Creation , the left - to - right order of these strips follows the order in which they occur in the film .
Fred Camper
Click on each small image or strip to see a larger version .
If you do n't see a larger version , please adjust your browser .
Frame enlargements from Stan Brakhage 's film " ... " Reel 2 , also known as Ellipses Reel 2
From " ... " Reel 3 ( 1998 )
Frame enlargements from Stan Brakhage 's film " ... " Reel 3 , also known as Ellipses Reel 3
From … Prelude 1 ( 1996 )
Frame enlargements from Stan Brakhage 's film … Prelude 1
From Anticipation of the Night ( 1958 )
The image at right below shows the Shadow Man hanging himself in the famous final scene .
Frame enlargements from Stan Brakhage 's film Anticipation of the Night
From Chartres Series ( 1994 )
Frame enlargements from Stan Brakhage 's film Chartres Series
From A Child 's Garden and the Serious Sea ( 1991 ) ,
Frame enlargements from Stan Brakhage 's film A Child 's Garden and the Serious Sea
From Chinese Series ( 2003 )
Frame enlargements from Stan Brakhage 's film Chinese Series
From Creation ( 1979 )
Frame enlargements from Stan Brakhage 's film Creation
From Coupling ( 1999 )
Target Audience
There ’s a large body of technical information out there about content management systems and frameworks , but not much written specifically for decision - makers .
Programmers will always have preferences , but it ’s the product managers and supervisors of the world who often make the final decision about what platform on which to deploy a sophisticated site .
That ’s tricky , because web platform decisions are more - or - less final — it ’s very , very hard to change out the platform once the wheels are in motion .
Meanwhile , the decision will ultimately be based on highly technical factors , while managers are often not highly technical people .
This document aims to lay out what I see as being the pros and cons of two popular web publishing platforms :
The PHP - based Drupal content management system ( CMS ) and the Python - based Django framework .
It ’s impossible to discuss systems like these in a non-technical way .
However , I ’ve tried to lay out the main points in straightforward language , with an eye toward helping supervisors make an informed choice .
This document could have covered any of the 600 + systems listed at cmsmatrix.org .
We cover only Drupal and Django in this document because those systems are highest on the radar at our organization .
It simply would not be possible to cover every system out there .
In a sense , this document is as much about making a decision between using a framework or using a content management system as it is between specific platforms .
In a sense , the discussion about Drupal and Django below can be seen as a stand - in for that larger discussion .
Disclosure :
The author is a Django developer , not a Drupal developer .
I ’ve tried to provide as even - handed an assessment as possible , though bias may show through .
I will update this document with additional information from the Drupal community as it becomes available .
Systems Make Assumptions
Every web shop has its favorite tools and languages .
Settling on just a few keeps toolchains , deployment , and development workflows sane .
At both the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism and the Knight Digital Media Center , we ’ve settled on a mix of :
WordPress for basic sites and “ modest ” online publications
Django for sites with more complex needs or non-standard data models
For example , it makes sense to build student magazines , handbooks , FAQs , and blogs with WordPress .
But it ’s simply not possible to build an equipment checkout system , or a course evaluation system , or a student / faculty / staff directory with WordPress — not while trying to preserve your sanity .
That ’s because WordPress assumes so much about the structure of your data — it thinks every piece of content has a title , a summary , an author , etc .
Start to veer away from that basic data structure and you find yourself quickly needing a platform that does n’t make assumptions about how things should be done .
For those kinds of problems , we use Django .
Meanwhile , there ’s a lot of Drupal momentum on the UC Berkeley campus .
In fact , there ’s a lot of Drupal momentum all over the world — e.g. the recent move of whitehouse.gov to Drupal .
And with that momentum comes questions from supervisors .
“ Why are n’t we using Drupal ? ”
To be clear on terms :
WordPress is a simple content management system .
Drupal is an advanced content management system .
Django is a framework .
Frameworks operate at a lower level than CMSs , and provide less of a turnkey experience for basic sites .
In contrast , a framework is a box of parts from which you build your dream CMS – the CMS that precisely fits your organization ’s data model and workflow .
But the lines are n’t always so clear .
Django comes with a self - generating administrative interface that ’s so good and so user - friendly that we find it works fine as the CMS for the vast majority of projects we work on .
The self - generating administrative interface can be tweaked and customized , or ignored altogether .
It ’s an optional component – you ’re free to use it , modify it , or ignore it completely and write your own CMS on top of the framework .
On the other end of the spectrum , Drupal has some framework - like aspects to it .
It ’s been said that “ Django is a framework with CMS - like tendencies , while Drupal is a CMS with framework - like tendencies . ”
So before you protest that I ’m comparing apples and oranges , remember that in real life , the lines are blurry , and that apples and oranges can be compared , if what you intend is to compare types of fruit .
Every assumption made by a platform can either be a time - saver or an obstacle when it comes time for your site to grow or evolve , depending on :
The ways you want that evolution to happen
The skill of your developers
By their nature , frameworks are more flexible than CMSs .
They make NO assumptions about the shape of your content , the Ajax system you might want to use , which rich text editor to present to your content people , etc .
Here are some of the key architectural points that matter to us when selecting a publishing platform , with pros and cons for Drupal and Django .
I ’ve sprinkled in some comments and feedback from members of the Django developer community ( relevant comments from the Drupal development community will be included as well ) .
Object Orientation
Python ( the language on which Django is built ) is extremely object - oriented , and thus so is Django .
This means that data objects , querysets , variables , templates and arguments can be passed around in the codebase easily .
This makes it easier to reduce or completely eliminate redundant code ( Django subscribes to the DRY principle ) .
Drupal is generally not object - oriented .
However , Drupal developer “ catch ” adds :
Drupal 7 ’s field and entity APIs are a step towards an ORM .
Drupal ’s database layer and many other subsystems including contributed modules like Views are object oriented to various extents .
MVC /MTV
Django uses the model - view - controller methodology ( going by the name MTV in Django - land ) .
This means that in Django , developers have almost complete separation of logic ( programming ) , data structure , and display logic .
MVC / MTV has emerged as a core aspect of modern programming practice .
Django is MVC from the ground up .
Templating System
Django is famed for its super - clean , inheritance - based templating system , which makes it almost trivially easy to nest templates within templates , use different templates for different parts of the site , and to completely eliminate any redundancy in template code .
Working with Django ’s templating system is often described as “ a joy . ”
In contrast , a common complaint about Drupal is that templates can be difficult to customize .
In fact , there are entire books about working with templates in Drupal .
Said one Django developer on working with Drupal templates : “ I always felt like I was shoving a square peg in a round hole . ”
Drupal developer “ catch ” :
Drupal ’s PHPTemplate theme layer gives you a lot of freedom to do processing in themes , which can be good or bad depending on situation / skillset etc. …
However , even if you do have code which you need to share between themes : since at least Drupal 5 , we ’ve had theme inheritance ( sub themes ) which means if you have some central logic which would need to be re-used between multiple themes – whether that ’s templates , CSS files , preprocessing etc. ( either on the same site or completely different sites ) then there ’s zero need to copy this between them – you just have your base theme with that stuff in , then build a subtheme on top of it , subthemes can be as light as a single CSS file .
The theme / sub - theme system does give Drupal the ability to do theme inheritance .
However , the basic methodology still allows for the inclusion of business logic in themes , which breaks the separation of presentation , content , and programming logic .
The Django project is very strict about this , and has been very good at saying “ NO ” to proposals to make Django ’s templating language include more options for direct programming .
The Django philosophy is , “ If you feel like you need to do some programming in your templates , you ’re doing it wrong . ”
However , it is possible to create your own custom template tags and filters to extend Django ’s base template language .
Developers often share these custom tags and filters on sites like djangosnippets.org .
Once you head down the slippery slope of scattering code logic between internal functions and external templates ( which should be kept simple enough for a designer to work on ) , you lose the clean separation of logic and presentation and no longer have certainty that certain kinds of code must be in certain places .
My view is that Django ’s insistence on keeping as much programming out of templates as possible makes people better developers , since it enforces “ best practices ” in programming .
Contrast all of this to WordPress theme development , where developers have to copy chunks of logic over to the new theme manually if they ever decide to change themes .
ORM
In Django , development begins by defining the data models that describe the organization , publication , or site .
For example , these might be Stories , Authors , and Presses , or Equipment , Schedules , and Reservations , or Faculty , Students , Courses and Evaluations , etc .
All of these have datatypes and interdependent relationships .
From that data model , database tables are auto - generated , and the system becomes internally “ aware ” of data relationships .
To query for various sets of data , the Django developer uses something called the Object Relational Mapper , or ORM .
So , rather than writing raw SQL queries , the Django developer writes “ querysets ” like :
books = Book.objects.filter(author='Hacker ')
In a simple example like that , there ’s no real time savings over writing the equivalent SQL .
But when queries become complex , SQL gets difficult and error - prone , while querysets remain straightforward and readable .
When developers can save time and reduce errors , organizations save money .
Drupal does not have an ORM .
Preston Holmes :
For relatively “ flat ” data , Drupal ’s CCK is usable by non devs to create custom content types , and the Views module allow for simple generic_view style pages .
When it comes to more complex objects , Django ’s ORM is far superior .
Starting with the data modeling process is a key point .
Django makes no assumptions about the needs of your organization or the shape of your data , which means the end product should fit your organization like a glove .
Django projects are built up to fit the organization , whereas Drupal developers often talk about having to remove or work around the things they do n’t need .
Many developers who have spent time in both systems say the Django methodology is easier and faster .
Performance
I do n’t have numbers to support this , and it would be quite hard to test without building the equivalent test site in both Django and Drupal , but the conventional understanding is that Drupal has a lot of functional “ layers ” through which all page requests must pass .
This results in a high query count and relatively sluggish performance .
Granted , this limitation is largely moot given that all high - traffic database - backed sites rely on caching to keep performance up , but it goes without saying that a system that ’s as light on its feet as possible is desirable .
A Drupal site is probably going to require caching to be enabled with a lower amount of traffic than an equivalent Django site .
Bruno Desthuilliers : I recently had to work on a not - so - complex ( functionaly - wise ) Drupal project , and the response times on my local station – all caches disabled of course – turned the development process into a sluggish nightmare .
Never had this kind of problems with Django , even for far more complex apps .
Learning Curve
Drupal is sometimes criticized for having a steep learning curve .
But as someone who went through the Django learning curve last year , I wo n’t claim that Django ’s is much better .
This really depends on the pre-existing skills of the developer .
In my case , my move from PHP - based systems to Django was my first exposure to object - oriented programming , my first exposure to Python , and my first exposure to MVC / MTV thinking .
Not to mention learning the framework itself .
I think we hear this complaint more about Drupal than about Django because there are more newbie developers in the Drupal world , while Django for the most part attracts more experienced developers .
In fact , I ’d go as far as to say that Drupal has an advantage here for basic sites , where little to no customization is required .
However , as soon as customization is required , you ’re going to need an experienced developer on hand with either system .
For systems flexible enough to let you build whatever you can imagine , there are no free lunches .
Rapid Development
Be careful of the term “ rapid application development . ”
Without good skills on - staff , there ’s nothing rapid about working with either system .
But with those skills , rapid application development is no myth .
I ca n’t speak for Drupal here , but a few recent rapid - development case studies are interesting :
michaelmoore.com , recently rebuilt in Django in five weeks .
texastribune.org , built from the ground up in just four weeks with Django .
Mahalo Answers , built in 35 days with Django .
baynewsnetwork.org , an RSS mashup and aggregation site with a complex back - end that lets member sites have multiple members and single members contribute to multiple sites — built in 3 - 4 days with Django .
django - treedata : Winner of the recent DataSF public dataset Hack - a- Thon , built in 8 hours with Django ( and another 8 hours cleaning the public data set ) .
Both systems have fairly steep learning curves .
But once developer skills are up to speed , it ’s amazing how easy it is to get the platform to do most of the heavy lifting for you .
Note also that both systems are sometimes distributed as part of larger bundled packages ( “ distributions ” ) which extend their capabilities .
For example Drupal is part of CivicSpace , which is aimed at building civic / community sites , while the Django world has the option of deploying the Pinax project , which bundles together dozens of re-usable apps to greatly reduce time spent integrating parts into a cohesive whole .
Flexibility
This is very hard to quantify .
Both Django and Drupal let developers work with data models any way they please .
The question is , what happens when you need to change those models , or add new ones ?
How easy is it to create new views or slices of the same data ?
What happens to the logic that ties your data together when the platform is upgraded ?
Both systems value flexibility highly , though both go about things in very different ways .
What I do know is that when visiting journalists tell us about their Drupal experiences , a complaint we hear a lot is “ Everything was fine until we tried to change xyz — then everything fell apart and we ’re still trying to recover . ”
Again , much of this comes down to whether you have good developers on staff more than it does to the platform .
Still , the fact that Django is so intensely object - oriented gives it a leg up when it comes to moving things around .
That ’s not to say that a complex Django site is infinitely flexible .
Even well - designed data models have interdependencies , and a change made in one place can have real ramifications for other parts of the system , which may or may not be easy to recover from .
Managers should not be given the impression that just because you ’re using a “ flexible system ” and that “ anything is possible ” that the webmasters can turn the whole thing inside out on short notice .
Things do n’t work that way .
Drupal has developed a bit of a reputation for being difficult to upgrade , since so much changes internally between major releases .
No platform is immune to that problem , but I ’ve rarely seen Django apps affected by upgrades .
And when they are , the fix is generally minor .
Bruno Desthuilliers : From my experience , it can take more time doing “ simple customizations ” with Drupal than you ’d need to implement the same features from scratch in Python / Django .
A recent Django success story was the 4 - week (! ) launch of texastribune.org .
Asked why the Tribune chose Django over other platforms , developer Chase Davis replied :
We went with Django for two reasons :
1 . We decided early on that the Texas Tribune needed room to evolve .
It ’s a startup , and nobody has any idea what it ’s going to look like in six months .
That being the case , our goal was to build them a sandbox — something that could evolve as their organization evolved .
We settled on Django because we thought a framework - based approach would give them maximum flexibility , while keeping the benefits of stability and rapid development .
If they need a new feature — no matter what it is — we can prototype it , built it and integrate it quickly .
We ’re not limited by pre-existing modules or dependency issues you find with off - the - shelf systems .
2 . The Tribune ’s plan going forward is to integrate tremendous amounts of data into their coverage .
Their lawmaker directory is one example of that , but they have much more ambitious plans for campaign finance records , financial disclosures , lobbying reports , etc .
Rather than segregating that data by walling it off in its own ghetto , we thought Django offered the best chance to integrate it with other content on the site .
Drupal is n’t great for building data apps ; Django is .
If we used Drupal for the CMS and tucked Django data apps within that , tightly integrating the two could quickly become a headache .
But with everything in Django , our data apps and CMS play together seamlessly .
You ’ll see a lot more examples of that in the months ahead .
Community Resources
This is one area where Drupal really has the advantage .
Do n’t get me wrong – Django has a great community of developers who are more than ready to help each other out , respond to questions on IRC or mailing lists , and a really active blogosphere .
But while there are many sites listing re-usable Django applications ready to become part of any project , Django simply does not have the immense collection of downloadable modules present in Drupal - land .
That does n’t mean we have n’t been able to find ready - made solutions for most situations where we ’ve needed them , but there are areas where we ’ve really felt the pinch .
Case in point : I recently had to implement a survey system on a Django site .
That ’s an important and not - uncommon piece of software , and you ’d hope to find yourself choosing between lots of options .
Unfortunately , I found exactly one re-usable survey app for Django , and it was somewhat buggy .
On the plus side , the developers of django - survey responded literally overnight to the half - dozen bug reports I filed on it the first day , but it would be nice if there were several mature survey apps to choose from .
That ’s the kind of thing that happens when community momentum really takes off .
Django ’s momentum is increasing by the day , it ’s heading in that direction , but Drupal definitely wins in this arena .
Still , there are community - provided apps and resources I utilize on every Django project I build .
And nothing in this department has ever been a show - stopper for me .
Keep in mind that , in many cases , just building the re-usable app you need when an existing one is n’t available may be easier than expected .
Popularity / Installed Base
By some measures , particularly for decision makers , popularity counts .
Is the platform popular enough that I know it ’s not going to be abandoned ?
Can I readily find qualified developers ?
Is the platform proven in the marketplace ?
Drupal developer Zack Rosen has this to say :
Drupal by all measures of an open - source project is a magnitude larger than Django .
Core contributors , community members , deployed sites , any way you want to compare numbers Drupal is a much more established project .
Drupal is more proven in the market place .
It runs magnitudes more websites ( 500,000 + ) , and many of note .
Whitehouse.gov yes , but Viacom , Warner Brothers , Yahoo , Wikipedia and others all run highly trafficked Drupal sites and have made strategic business decisions to invest in the platform .
Drupal has far better commercial support in the marketplace than Django .
There are many more ( and more qualified ) Drupal development shops and specialized service providers in the marketplace .
Excellent points , which I would qualify by noting that Django ’s popularity is rising , along with the number of qualified Django developers on the scene , and the number of high - profile Django sites appearing ( just tonight , the Mozilla foundation announced that it would be moving its addons site from CakePHP to Django . )
Language
After years of working with both custom and open source PHP code and applications , we felt that we had had our fill of PHP , which has a tendency to sprawl .
Granted , sprawl is not much of an issue when working with pre-fab solutions like WordPress or Drupal , but Python ’s syntax is clean and uncluttered , which speeds development time and encourages developers to think in more object - oriented ways .
Simply put , clean code is easier to write and easier to maintain .
Mike Ramirez : Finally , there is the maturity of the language .
PHP is still adding in features other , similar languages already have had .
For example namespaces are just barely a year old in php , initial release in the dev versions , less than 6 months for the actual first appearance in a stable release .
To quote wikipedia [ 3 ] on missing features from PHP : “ PHP currently does not have native support for Unicode or multibyte strings ; Unicode support will be included in PHP 6 and will allow strings as well as class , method and function names to contain non-ASCII characters . ”
Seriously , in todays global world and well , for the past what 10 - 15 years , has n’t this been mandatory ?
I do not understand why web developers who use php , still do .
I do n’t understand why companies and schools support it .
People often work in PHP because it ’s the default , and easy to gravitate towards .
But that does n’t mean life could n’t be a lot better with a cleaner language to work with .
Security
Security is a multi- headed hydra , and affects all web applications , large or small .
SQL injection , form sanitization , cross - site scripting , and many other attack vectors require web application developers to stay up to speed on current security trends and to examine old code for new vulnerabilities .
It ’s a constant chore .
One benefit of using a mature framework or CMS is that many of the most common security issues are handled by the system itself .
This does n’t mean we can afford to get lazy about it , but it ’s good to know that hundreds of people smarter than oneself have pored over the code to identify and mitigate security issues .
That much is true of both systems .
However , it ’s also true that Drupal has a history of security issues , whereas similar issues in Django are extremely rare .
This is in part due to the fact that Django has a lower public profile , and in part because Django makes fewer assumptions about where things live and how they ’re configured .
In other words , less about a site ’s setup is known to a would - be attacker since sites built from a clean slate by various developers share less in common with one another .
There are other factors that may contribute to Django ’s excellent security track record , such as its URL mapping system , which simply prevents access to URL patterns that have n’t been predetermined by the developer , and its exceptional form generation and handling system .
Still , I do n’t want to emphasize the security point too much – all systems can be vulnerable if you do dumb things with them , and vice versa .
Drupal developer “ catch ” adds :
The Drupal security team regularly releases SAs for security issues which in some cases are theoretical , in many cases have never been exploited ( simply reported after code review ) , and very often require either authenticated or some level of administrative access to a site .
Additionally , the 3-4,000 contributed modules are hosted centrally on Drupal.org , not distributed around the web , and have the same rules for security announcements as Drupal core , handled by the same process .
The number of security announcements for Drupal core itself is relatively low given code base and deployments .
Deployment
On the other hand , PHP - based systems have a slight leg up in deployment .
Since virtually every web host offers PHP hosting .
In contrast , setting up a Django system on a server will take some level of fiddling that may not be familiar to the typical web developer .
Fortunately , a growing number of web hosts specialize in Django hosting , which makes this problem go away in many use cases .
Preston Holmes : “ Where Drupal has its single biggest advantage , is that a technical user , a sysadmin etc , can get Drupal up and running .
Someone does n’t have to know PHP AT ALL to get drupal going .
This is because Drupal has a decent admin-UI – where modules are pretty much drop in , activate and configure .
Setting up even a basic Django site REQUIRES someone who has some programming skills , even if thats just a matter of setting up the settings .py file .
But the Python / Django deployment hurdle is not huge , and is a one - time problem to solve .
Once Apache has been configured to work with Django , you do n’t need to think about it again .
This hurdle affects hobbyists , who tend to look for a simple button in their web hosting control panel , far more than serious sites for whom server configuration is just part of doing business on the web .
Developer Feedback
I asked members of the django - users mailing list who had done development work with both Django and Drupal to provide comarison - oriented feedback for this article .
Here are a few of their comments :
Preston Holmes :
What happens is that non-developer / technical decision makers will evaluate Drupal and think that all their needs will be met out of the box .
When they find out they are n’t , they need to hire developers , and then those developers have to massage existing modules to customize and tweak .
Then at some point they have this monster of hodgepodge code .
But its that entry point that is the key to Drupal ’s popularity . …
I do n’t think people appreciate how much Drupal development is spawned by this existence of a usable entry point for Drupal by non- developers .
( and that it has 1 - click installs on hosts , and in general uses the far more common infrastructure of PHP - MySQL ) .
Javier Guerra : “ Many people feel they have to code less to write their own Django - based CMS than to customize an existing one .
If that ’s your case , you ’re a lot less likely to break something when going with Django . ”
Clifford Ilkay : “ On balance , I ’d say Django is the more flexible and powerful of the two but Drupal gives the * illusion * of productivity quicker .
With Django , I build up from a base , whereas with Drupal , I seem to spend an inordinate amount of time trying to figure out how to make it * not * do something I want done differently .
Django is lean and simple by comparison to Drupal , which is neither lean nor simple .
Both have very active and helpful communities .
If I had the choice , I ’d pick Django simply because I prefer Python to PHP and find Django to be more productive .
Prototyping and debugging PHP is very crude by comparison to Python .
Much of Drupal ’s convoluted architecture and reliance on naming convention “ magic ” to provide quasi- inheritance is due to the limitations of PHP .
I often say , half - seriously , that Drupal is good despite PHP , not because of it . ”
Alexandru Nedelcu : Development in Django is a lot easier , because the modules are more generic and the development process is more predictable because of its simpler architecture .
Mike Ramirez : Django has made making web apps almost trivial and the most time I spend now , is on the UI ( both Dojo and JQuery make this almost trivial also ) , rather than the back - end .
Preston Holmes : Both have the problem of often complex dependencies .
The biggest problem with Drupal is its relatively fast moving core – so that modules for the “ current version ” are hard to find , or often abandoned .
Also Drupal modules almost always seem to do 80 % of what you need .
Milan Andric : Drupal might get you quickly to Point A , but the problem is in customization , pushing a site to do * exactly * what you want ( nothing more or less ) …
My main problem with Drupal has been all the time spent removing stuff .
The best tool for web developers right now is a framework , not a CMS .
Regardless of the language it ’s written in .
catch : Drupal 6’s API was officially frozen 2.5 years ago and Drupal 7 has been in rapid development for more than 18 months , with probably 1-3,000 patches committed by this point .
Preston Holmes : ( On the ease of getting the system to do highly custom tasks ) : Django just wins this so hands down .
Here is part of the reason why .
Drupals assumptions translate into your code having to jump through a lot of hoops – where as in Django , you make the assumptions and you make the hoops .
Conclusion
Drupal represents a middle ground between framework and CMS that we ’ve chosen not to take .
Drupal is far more capable than a CMS like WordPress , but also much less flexible than a pure framework .
But more importantly , the facts that Drupal is n’t object - oriented , is n’t MVC / MTV , does n’t have an ORM , and is generally less flexible than a pure framework , not to mention our preference for working in Python over PHP , all contribute to our decision not to use it .
In the end , a good developer can do good work with just about any system , while a bad developer can make mincemeat of even the best system .
It ’s not all about the platform .
But modern tools and best practices in platform design go a long way toward ending up with a cleaner , faster , better - designed architecture that precisely matches the needs of your organizations , with no assumptions or historical baggage to work around .
Note : Public comments below may be incorporated into the document above .
Thanks for your feedback .
Update :
This post sparked an interesting thread on the WordPress Hackers mailing list .
Update : Drupal developer Nick Sergeant has posted a similar piece : Drupal v. Django
Here is a film made by the BBC in 1975 about Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum .
At that point he was the ruler 's son , but he would become the man who helped create modern Dubai .
It is a glimpse of Dubai just before it started to become the strange fantasy world it is today .
It has a great creepy British under - secretary for foreign affairs , plus very good tartan fashions .
It is also wonderfully shot .
The cameraman was Erik Durschmied .
He shot many BBC factual films in the 60s and 70s .
I think he films in an incredibly modern way .
His camera does exactly what you would do if you were in the room - gazing and flitting between details - yet it manages to always remain beautifully composed .
The outcry has been growing against the hunt in Taiji , western Japan , since an award - winning American documentary The Cove this year showed dolphins being herded into an inlet and killed by fishermen with spears .
A The Japanese fishing town holds a well - known annual hunt to kill and sell dolphins for meat .
In spite of a law on California books for over a decade which allows the sale of medical cannabis to properly licensed patients , the district attorney in Los Angeles County is preparing an all - out legal assault against the “ vast majority ” of dispensaries .
“ Hundreds of dispensaries operate under a 1996 voter initiative that allowed medical marijuana use , and a state law that allows for collective growing of marijuana , ” NBC Los Angeles reported .
“ But based on a state Supreme Court decision last year , [ LA County District Attorney Steve ]
Cooley has concluded that over - the - counter sales are illegal .
Most if not all of the dispensaries in the state operate on that basis . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The vast , vast , vast majority , about 100 % , of dispensaries in Los Angeles County and the city are operating illegally , they are dealing marijuana illegally , according to our theory , ” Cooley said , according to The Los Angeles Times .
“ The time is right to deal with this problem . ”
That “ problem ” — over the counter sales of marijuana to licensed patients — accounted for some $ 18 million in tax revenue for the state last year , reported The Christian Science - Monitor , during a time when California is facing the greatest budgetary challenges in its history .
However , those with prescriptions for marijuana account for roughly 10 percent of the state ’s marijuana users , according to a California NORML report ( PDF link ) prepared for the Oakland Civil Liberties Alliance .
“ In a radio interview on KABC - AM ( 790 ) , Cooley reiterated his plan to close down many of the 800 to 900 medical marijuana shops believed to be operating in the city of Los Angeles , ” noted the Contra - Costa Times .
“ We will give them fair notice and , hopefully , they will see the light and voluntarily close down , ” Cooley reportedly said .
“ We are going to uphold the laws of California . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Marijuana Policy Project ( MPP ) , a group which advocates the nation - wide legalization of cannabis for adults , strongly disagrees .
“ Last year , the state ’s attorney general issued a legal opinion that clearly stated that ‘ a properly organized and operated collective or cooperative that dispenses medical marijuana through a storefront may be lawful under California law , ' ” MPP noted in Opposing Views .
“ Maybe Cooley did n’t get the memo . ”
They continued : “ If Cooley is somehow successful in eliminating L.A. ’s medical marijuana facilities , the effect would be disastrous for patients forced to find their medicine in the underground market and would be a boon to the violent drug cartels that often supply that market .
Voters in Los Angeles — who overwhelmingly support medical marijuana — are probably scratching their heads trying to figure out why their district attorney wants to enrich criminal drug dealers at the expense of patients . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Cooley and other officials say that in addition to selling to minors and others who do not use the drug for medical purposes , some of the dispensaries sell marijuana laced heavily with insecticides that endanger users even as they help finance Mexican drug cartels , ” Contra - Costa added .
There are three voter - sponsored initiatives circulating California at the moment which seek to put complete legalization and taxation of marijuana on the state - wide ballot in 2010 , according to the Orange County Register .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If one of these initiatives passes , California would become the first state to legalize marijuana and impose a tax on it , a move proponents say could help get the state out of an unprecedented budget crisis , ” the paper reported .
DA Cooley ’s first targeted dispensary is “ Organica , ” in Culver City , according to Mercury News .
“ We have our strategy and we think we are on good legal ground , ” Cooley said , the LA Times noted .
ADVERTISEMENT
Marijuana is California ’s most valuable cash crop , responsible for over $ 14 billion in annual sales , according to Time magazine .
If legalized and taxed , it could produce $ 1.3 billion or more in revenues for the state , California tax collectors have estimated .
Steve Cooley photo sample credit : Los Angeles Times .
Sleep medicine experts have successfully treated a rare case of a woman having sex with strangers while sleepwalking .
The behaviour had disrupted the lives of the woman and her partner .
At night while asleep , the middle - aged sleepwalker – who lives in Australia and cannot be identified for reasons of confidentiality – left her house and had sexual intercourse with strangers .
The behaviour continued for several months and the woman had no memory of her nocturnal activities .
Circumstantial evidence , such as condoms found scattered around the house , alerted the couple to the problem .
On one occasion , her partner awoke to find her missing , went searching for her and found her engaged in the sex act .
“ Incredulity is the leading player in cases like this , ” says Peter Buchanan , the sleep physician at the Woolcock Institute of Medical Research in Sydney , who handled the case .
But a combination of factors convinced him that the case was a real sleepwalking phenomenon , including the distress of the couple , and an in - depth clinical evaluation .
Advertisement
Sleep talking
During that evaluation , the patient was assessed by psychiatrists , and checked for physical problems such as brain tumours , which may cause unusual behaviour .
Neither of those examinations could find a cause .
However , she was found to have a history of talking in her sleep as a teenager and when monitored in the sleep laboratory , she was found to have a higher number of arousals from deep sleep than is usual .
Both of these factors might indicate a susceptibility to abnormal sleep behaviour .
However , Roger Allen , a sleep specialist in private practice in Brisbane is sceptical .
“ Sex is a primal behaviour so it ’s not impossible – men have erections in their sleep after all – but this case involved such complex behaviour it seems less likely . ”
He also points out that eliminating psychiatric conditions as a cause of the behaviour would be difficult .
Sleep driving
But there are some extraordinary cases of sleep walkers leaving their homes , driving cars , or engaging in behaviours that they would not usually .
In 1987 , Ken Parks , drove 23 kilometres from his home in Pickering , Ontario , to his in - laws house , where he strangled his father - in - law unconscious , and stabbed his mother - in - law to death .
He was acquitted of murder because he was sleepwalking at the time .
“ People in a state of automatism do n’t have access to their full range of beliefs and desires , so it seems justifiable to excuse them , ” says Neil Levy of the Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics at the University of Melbourne .
Sleepwalking is often triggered by stress , and this may have been the case with the Sydney woman , says Buchanan .
She stopped her night - time excursions after psychiatric counselling .
Drugs such as benzodiazepines , which are sometimes used to treat sleep walkers , were not necessary .
Any type of sleepwalking is rare .
It occurs in around 3 % of children and young adolescents , and about 0.5 % of adults .
Usually it involves little more than walking around in a fairly purposeful way while asleep , although sleepwalkers may lash out if awoken .
The results were presented at a sleep conference in Sydney on Friday .
The Man Who Predicted the Depression
Ludwig von Mises explained how government - induced credit expansions led to imbalances in the economy .
By MARK SPITZNAGEL
Ludwig von Mises was snubbed by economists world - wide as he warned of a credit crisis in the 1920s .
We ignore the great Austrian at our peril today .
Mises 's ideas on business cycles were spelled out in his 1912 tome " Theorie des Geldes und der Umlaufsmittel " ( " The Theory of Money and Credit " ) .
Not surprisingly few people noticed , as it was published only in German and was n't exactly a beach read at that .
Taking his cue from David Hume and David Ricardo , Mises explained how the banking system was endowed with the singular ability to expand credit and with it the money supply , and how this was magnified by government intervention .
Left alone , interest rates would adjust such that only the amount of credit would be used as is voluntarily supplied and demanded .
But when credit is force - fed beyond that ( call it a credit gavage ) , grotesque things start to happen .
Government - imposed expansion of bank credit distorts our " time preferences , " or our desire for saving versus consumption .
Government - imposed interest rates artificially below rates demanded by savers leads to increased borrowing and capital investment beyond what savers will provide .
This causes temporarily higher employment , wages and consumption .
Ordinarily , any random spikes in credit would be quickly absorbed by the system — the pricing errors corrected , the half - baked investments liquidated , like a supple tree yielding to the wind and then returning .
But when the government holds rates artificially low in order to feed ever higher capital investment in otherwise unsound , unsustainable businesses , it creates the conditions for a crash .
Everyone looks smart for a while , but eventually the whole monstrosity collapses under its own weight through a credit contraction or , worse , a banking collapse .
The system is dramatically susceptible to errors , both on the policy side and on the entrepreneurial side .
Government expansion of credit takes a system otherwise capable of adjustment and resilience and transforms it into one with tremendous cyclical volatility .
" Theorie des Geldes " did not become the playbook for policy makers .
The 1920s were marked by the brave new era of the Federal Reserve system promoting inflationary credit expansion and with it permanent prosperity .
The nerve of this Doubting - Thomas , perma - bear , crazy Kraut !
Sadly , poor Ludwig was very nearly alone in warning of the collapse to come from this credit expansion .
In mid-1929 , he stubbornly turned down a lucrative job offer from the Viennese bank Kreditanstalt , much to the annoyance of his fiancée , proclaiming " A great crash is coming , and I do n't want my name in any way connected with it . "
We all know what happened next .
Pretty much right out of Mises 's script , overleveraged banks ( including Kreditanstalt ) collapsed , businesses collapsed , employment collapsed .
The brittle tree snapped .
Following Mises 's logic , was this a failure of capitalism , or a failure of hubris ?
Mises 's solution follows logically from his warnings .
You can't fix what 's broken by breaking it yet again .
Stop the credit gavage .
Stop inflating .
Do n't encourage consumption , but rather encourage saving and the repayment of debt .
Let all the lame businesses fail — no bailouts .
( You see where I 'm going with this . )
The distortions must be removed or else the precipice from which the system will inevitably fall will simply grow higher and higher .
Mises started getting some much - deserved respect once " Theorie des Geldes " was finally published in English in 1934 .
It is unfortunate that it required such a disaster for people to take heed of what was the one predictive , scholarly explanation of what was happening .
But then , just Mises 's bad luck , along came John Maynard Keynes 's tome " The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money " in 1936 .
Keynes was dapper , fresh and sophisticated .
He even wrote in English !
And the guy had chutzpah , fearlessly fighting the battle against unemployment by running the currency printing press and draining the government 's coffers .
He was the anti-Mises .
So what if Keynes had lost his shirt in the stock - market crash .
His book was peppered with fancy math ( even Greek letters ) and that meant rigor , modernity .
To add insult to injury , Mises was n't even refuted by Keynes and his ilk .
He was ignored .
Fast forward 70 - some years , during which we saw Keynesianism 's repeated disappointments , the end of the gold standard , persistent inflation with intermittent inflationary recessions and banking crises , culminating in Alan Greenspan 's " Great Moderation " and a subsequent catastrophic collapse in housing and banking .
Where do we find ourselves ?
At a point of profound insight gained through economic logic , trial and error , and objective empiricism ?
Or right back where we started ?
With interest rates at zero , monetary engines humming as never before , and a self - proclaimed Keynesian government , we are back again embracing the brave new era of government - sponsored prosperity and debt .
And , more than ever , the system is piling uncertainties on top of uncertainties , turning an otherwise resilient economy into a brittle one .
How curious it is that the guy who wrote the script depicting our never ending story of government - induced credit expansion , inflation and collapse has remained so persistently forgotten .
Must we sit through yet another performance of this tragic tale ?
Mr. Spitznagel is the founder and chief investment officer of the hedge fund Universa Investments LP , based in Santa Monica , Calif .
What follows is a very well written article by a hedge fund manager , Mark Spitznagel , which was published in the Wall Street Journal .
Spitznagel writes of Ludvig von Mises , his economic theories and how he has been marginalized as the “ anti-Keynes . ” Many people box in the economy as those who believe in one side or the other – Keynes = deficit spending ( not what he actually espoused ) , and Mises = gold standard .
Well , as with most things , the truth usually lies somewhere in the middle , or it may lie somewhere outside of the box entirely , so do n’t let yourself fall prey to one or the other .
In fact , I personally believe that both camps have a partial set of answers , but that the real long term workable economy is , in fact , in a set of ideas not found entirely in either of these two camps .
Of the two , it is Mises ’s ideas that I believe align more with nature and what is real .
His insights into the economy are important work that every investor , and certainly every policymaker , should understand .
Published online 2 November 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.1053
News : Q&A
David Nutt explains what his dismissal means for drugs policy and scientific advice in Britain .
David Nutt , former government drug adviser .
University of Bristol
The UK government faces a revolt from its scientific advisers after it sacked the chair of its independent Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) last week .
Home Secretary Alan Johnson sacksindependent_d.html " > demanded the resignation of psychopharmacologist David Nutt on Friday , after Nutt reiterated his views on the relative safety of various drugs in a lecture at King 's College London Centre for Crime and Justice .
Nutt gave the lecture in July but his comments came to light when the centre last week published a briefing based on the lecture .
He had previously clashed with Johnson 's predecessor Jacqui Smith , over his comments regarding the dangers of MDMA ( ' ecstasy ' ) and his call for a wider debate on society 's approach to risk ( see ' Ecstasy advice is a bitter pill ' ) .
At least two members of the ACMD have already resigned in protest at Nutt 's sacking .
Nutt , who holds appointments at Imperial College London and the University of Bristol , speaks to Nature about his sacking .
Were you surprised to be sacked ?
Yes it was a surprise .
I still do n't fully understand why .
It 's sort of sad is n't it that you criticize government policy and you get sacked ?
It smacks of a very intolerant attitude and the regime of not wanting people to have public debate .
How was the decision broken to you ?
Did the home secretary himself call you ?
I was sent a letter in an e-mail as an attachment .
I was rung by someone at the Home Office who said " read your e-mail " and I read my e-mail and there it was .
“ It just seems to me a nail in the coffin of evidence - based government . ”
David Nutt
University of Bristol
What it said , basically , was that I 'd strayed too far from science into the policy arena … and because I 'd strayed into policy I was confusing the public about the harms of drugs .
My reply to him points out there is a grey area and that it 's perfectly reasonable for scientists to talk about policy issues in which science can inform .
When we last spoke , over your run-in with Jacqui Smith , it was suggested by some people that if the government continued to take this hard line , scientists would be less willing to become advisers .
Do you think that is something that will come to pass now ?
I would imagine so .
It 's a pretty thankless task .
You work for 10 years unpaid and you get spat out because you say something they do n't like , even when it is directed at helping the health of the country .
It 's weird .
I 'm fascinated by who they 're going to find to replace me .
I do n't envy the person doing the job .
You sound quite angry about this .
Is that a fair description ?
I 'm hurt .
I do n't think it 's just .
I 'm disappointed rather than angry .
I 'm not so much disappointed for me , I 'm disappointed for science and for the common sense of the government .
It just seems to me a nail in the coffin of evidence - based government .
I did the job to help other people .
I feel I did a good job and could continue to do a good job .
They 're going to struggle to find someone who 's better qualified than me .
It will be difficult for anyone who has got views to express them now that the threat of being sacked is hanging over them .
ADVERTISEMENT
Things have changed over the past few years .
Until two years ago the government had never gone against the advice of the ACMD .
Two years ago , the new prime minister decided that cannabis was a class B drug .
Clearly he was determined that he was going to decide what the classification was , independent of the evidence .
After that , it was ecstasy .
When we said it should be class B , the home secretary Jacqui Smith said " we need to give out the message it is a dangerous drug " .
We 're having a kind of Luddite phase now in politicians .
I do n't think it 's going to get any better if the Tories [ Conservative Party ] get in frankly .
Overall then , is your impression that the government has abandoned making drugs policy on the basis of science ?
It has on ecstasy and cannabis .
On Monday it 's going to legislate — on our advice — for [ the ' legal high ' party drug ] GBL and for [ the herbal smoking blend ]
Spice .
I think it 's going to accept our recommendations there .
Would you be willing to serve again for a future government , of any political persuasion ?
Of course .
Provided it was clear that we were the experts and they took our advice .
This whole business of being hard on drugs , the ' war on drugs ' is all a bit bonkers .
I 'm perfectly happy to give advice on the harms of drugs but if it 's going to be usurped by simple political posturing then it would be rather unrewarding .
For instance , my dream scenario : let 's remodel the act .
Let 's decide we 're going to have proper independent regulation of drugs .
Let 's take the ACMD out of government .
Let 's make it an independent body that reports to parliament but not to the home secretary and that gives independent advice , rather like the Bank of England takes away the politicking around interest rates .
That 's what we should do , and if that were to happen of course I 'd serve .
How do you respond to the suggestion that it was naive to say these things again ?
Look , I tell the truth .
That 's what scientists do .
Why should n't I tell the truth ?
I think it 's very important that people tell the truth about the criminal - justice system in relation to drugs .
Is it reasonable to hang a five - year prison sentence over you for a joint ?
Is that proportionate in any sense when cannabis does n't kill anyone ?
Yet on the streets there are going to be people getting into serious injury tonight , there are going to be people dying from alcohol poisoning .
The whole drugs war is ridiculous and someone needs to stand up and say it is wrong and we need to seriously look at where the real harms are .
That 's a scientific question .
It 's about the harms of drugs .
What do you plan to do now ?
I 'm going to carry on what I 'm doing : I 'm going to do research on the psychopharmacology of drug misuse and try to understand the nature of addiction and to develop new treatments .
That 's what I 've always done .
And hopefully keep educating people about the harms of drugs in an appropriate way .
Lynn Vincent , the woman who is writing a book called Going Rogue " by " Sarah Palin , sure can pick her co-writers .
She 's written books before with a general who kills " demons " for God and a guy who finds interracial dating " revolting . "
As Charles Johnson — whose ongoing reformation from Muslim - hating wacko to right - wing apostate continues to puzzle and delight us — points out , Palin 's ghostwriter 's previous work includes Donkey Cons , a thoughtful investigative look at the Democratic Party 's criminality that blows the lid off that " killer and traitor Aaron Burr . "
Vincent 's co-writer on Donkey Cons was Robert Stacy McCain , a former Washington Times editor who writes things like this :
[ T ]he media now force interracial images into the public mind and a number of perfectly rational people react to these images with an altogether natural revulsion .
The white person who does not mind transacting business with a black bank clerk may yet be averse to accepting the clerk as his sister - in - law , and THIS IS NOT RACISM , no matter what Madison Avenue , Hollywood and Washington tell us .
That was from a private e-mail McCain once wrote that a recipient posted online , so in his defense , McCain ( no relation to Palin 's running mate ) would n't write something like that in public .
In public , he says things like slaves and whites in the Old South had " cordial and affectionate relations , " is a member of the League of the South , which wants to secede from the Union ( again ! ) , and writes for a web site called VDare , which proudly publishes the work of " rational and civil ... white nationalists " who " unashamedly work for their people . "
Anyway , when Palin was doing her due diligence before hiring Vincent , she probably did n't look into her association with McCain , because she probably just assumed it was John McCain , because she 's an idiot .
We 're sure she will promptly reject and denounce Vincent 's racist affiliations .
Vincent also ghost wrote the memoir of Lt. Gen. William G. " Jerry " Boykin , the former head of the Army 's Special Forces Command , who literally believes that his job in the U.S. military was to defeat Satan for the Christian nation of America .
Of one of our enemies in Somalia , Boykin said , " I knew that my God was bigger than his .
I knew that my God was a real God and his was an idol . "
And why does the world hate us ?
" We are hated because we are a nation of believers . "
And how do we defeat terrorism ? " [ W ]e come against them in the name of Jesus . "
In summary , Sarah Palin 's book will be awesome because her ghostwriter has abundant experience in shaping the confused , fevered thoughts of religious fanatics into sentences .
UPDATE : McCain responds : " I know lots of interracial couples . "
Oy .
Are any of them your best friends ?
A patent battle between Australia 's CSIRO and 14 of the world 's largest technology companies has today been revealed to have already gained the research organisation $ 200 million from out of court settlements .
At a ceremony in Melbourne , the scientific , commercial and legal teams responsible for the settlements received CSIRO 's highest honour : the chairman 's medal for research achievement .
" CSIRO set out to encourage the industry to take licenses for the use of its patented technology , " said CSIRO executive director of commercial Nigel Poole .
" When that did not prove successful , we initiated legal proceedings which then led to proceedings being initiated against CSIRO .
" The result earlier this year was that 14 companies settled with CSIRO under confidential terms .
" The revenue arising from these settlements to date is approximately $ A200 million , " Poole said .
Speaking with iTnews this afternoon Poole said the CSIRO were wanting to license their technology further , stating that he " urged " companies using it to come forward and seek a license .
" We believe that there are many more companies that are using CSIRO 's technology and it's our desire to license the technology further , " Poole said .
" We would urge companies that are currently selling devices that have 802.11 a , g or n to contact CSIRO and to seek a licence because we believe they are using our technology , " he said .
He said the CSIRO had already been approached by various companies voluntarily to license their technology .
Asked if he knew how much more the CSIRO expected to receive from the patent , Poole could n't speculate .
" We do n't have a projection of that forward income , " he said .
" Most of the companies that we 've licensed the technology to to date have paid lump sums to buy a license to all of their products and there are some companies that are paying royalties , " Poole said .
Next week the CSIRO will launch an endowment fund which it will use to dispense the winnings into .
Poole said this would fund further Australian research .
Dr John O'Sullivan , leader of the Wi-Fi project , said he felt " over the moon " about being recognised by the CSIRO .
" [ I 'm ] very proud to have won the award .
It was great to see that the whole team recognised , " he told iTnews .
" It 's good to see the return from that invention and all the effort put into it , " he said .
Background :
The legal battle
In June 2007 , the CSIRO won a case in the US Federal Court against Japanese manufacturer Buffalo Technologies , the basis of which the research organisation used to demand royalties from a broader set of manufacturers that market Wi -Fi equipment .
The CSIRO filed patent infringement suits against 3Com , Accton , Asus , Belkin , D - Link , Fujitsu , Marvell ( manufacturers of Apple 's iPod ) , Nintendo , SMC and Toshiba .
Several large technology vendors bit back - with HP , Apple , Intel , Dell , Microsoft and Netgear bringing cases against CSIRO in an attempt to have the research organisation 's patent invalidated .
But as the case played out in a Texas court , the Australian Government - funded research organisation struck agreements with the world 's biggest technology players - Dell , Intel , Microsoft , Asus and Fujitsu as well as HP .
CSIRO 's remaining opponents Nintendo , Toshiba , Netgear , Buffalo , D - Link , Belkin , SMC , Accton and 3Com also settled .
Hotmail security breach spreads as 30,000 Gmail and Yahoo ! passwords are posted online
The massive security breach that led to millions of Hotmail customers being advised to change their passwords has now spread to users of email services including Gmail and Yahoo !
Mail .
Up to 21 million people and businesses who use the Hotmail service in the UK were warned they are potentially at risk of being defrauded after passwords were acquired illegally .
Around 10,000 passwords were obtained by hackers who created a fake website identical to Hotmail 's to fool users into entering their email address and password in a ' phishing ' scam .
Defrauded : A list of over 20,000 email addresses and passwords of users of services including Gmail and Yahoo !
Mail has leaked online ( file picture )
' Phishing ' scams involve using false websites to lure people into revealing important data such as bank account details , login names or passwords .
Now the BBC claims that another list of over 30,000 email addresses and passwords is circulating , which contains the details for Gmail , Yahoo !
Mail , AOL , Comcast and Earthlink accounts .
The latest list was posted on Pastebin.com , the same website to which the Hotmail list was originally uploaded .
How to avoid being defrauded
- Change your passwords every 90 days - Use different passwords for various internet log-ins -
Do not open unsolicited email attachments and links
The site , which is intended for web developers to share code , has since been taken down for maintenance .
Hotmail 's list of users was posted anonymously on to Pastebin.com on October 1 .
The list was reported by technology blog Neowin .
It is feared that the information could be used by fraudsters to access email accounts and steal personal information such as credit card account details .
A spokesman for Google , which runs Gmail , said : ' We recently became aware of an industry - wide phishing scheme through which hackers gained user credentials for web - based mail accounts including Gmail account .
Breach : Around 10,000 Hotmail passwords were obtained by hackers using the same ' phishing ' scam that has now spread to other email services
Jonathan M. Albano , a Boston lawyer representing three newspapers that sued the Bridgeport diocese to obtain the records , said the diocese is taking a much harder stance than did the Archdiocese of Boston , where the sexual abuse crisis exploded seven years ago .
The charter pledged that dioceses would be “ open and transparent in communicating with the public about sexual abuse of minors by clergy within the confines of respect for the privacy and the reputation of the individuals involved . ’’
“ This kind of desperate , hardball , self - serving legal maneuver not only contradicts what bishops have promised but what the pope has called for , ’’ said David Clohessy , national director of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , or SNAP .
“ Frankly , it ’s the same old same old . ’’
An advocacy group for victims of clergy sexual abuse condemned the argument , saying it flew in the face of a pledge of openness in the Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People released by the nation ’s Catholic bishops in 2002 and conflicted with more recent statements by Pope Benedict XVI .
“ Because courts lack a legitimate role under the First Amendment to examine a church ’s employment decisions regarding its ministers , the courts similarly lack constitutional authority to require a church to produce and publicly disclose confidential internal documents or testimony that would be germane only to second - guessing those decisions , ’’ the diocese wrote in its 33 - page court filing .
In its request for review , the diocese contends that it cannot be sued for assigning priests with a history of sexual abuse because such placements are ecclesiastical decisions .
It also says documents dealing with the assignments are protected by religious privileges in the First Amendment .
Following the Ginsburg decision , the diocese specifically asked Justice Antonin Scalia to keep the documents under seal until the full high court decides on whether to take up the review .
The dispute concerns 12,675 pages of documents from 23 lawsuits , settled out of court in 2001 , that accused the diocese of negligently assigning six priests who allegedly committed sexual abuse .
The documents could shed light on how Cardinal Edward M. Egan , retired archbishop of New York , handled the allegations when he was bishop of Bridgeport from 1988 to 2000 .
On Thursday , two days after Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg denied the Diocese of Bridgeport ’s request to keep the documents under wraps despite a recent ruling by the Connecticut Supreme Court , the diocese said the dispute raises fundamental constitutional issues and asked the full US Supreme Court to review the case .
A Roman Catholic diocese in Connecticut has invoked the First Amendment ’s separation of church and state in a request to the US Supreme Court to let it keep clergy sexual abuse documents under seal , a move that appeared to contradict the church ’s recent pledges of openness .
In 2003 , Massachusetts Superior Court Judge Constance M. Sweeney refused to dismiss claims by hundreds of alleged victims of sexual abuse , rejecting the archdiocese ’s arguments that it had the religious freedom to make decisions about assigning priests without interference from civil courts .
The archdiocese appealed the ruling to the state Appeals Court , but a judge there refused to consider the arguments , and the archdiocese declined to seek further review .
“ Unlike so many other dioceses and religious institutions , the Bridgeport Diocese has decided to appeal the disclosure orders all the way to the Supreme Court , ’’ said Albano , who is representing The Boston Globe , The New York Times , and The Washington Post .
The Hartford Courant has also sued to see the documents .
Beth McCabe , coleader of the Connecticut SNAP chapter , said she believes the diocese is motivated by a desire to protect Egan ’s reputation .
“ That ’s what it ’s really about , ’’ she said .
“ It ’s about him being embarrassed and having to answer for all the things that happened . ’’
Whether the Supreme Court will take up the case is not certain .
Philip Allen Lacovara , a lawyer for the Bridgeport Diocese who has argued at least 15 cases before the high court , said he was keenly aware that the court takes only a small percentage of requests to review rulings .
“ But it does tend to take cases that have important constitutional issues in them , and I ’m optimistic that the Supreme Court will recognize that this is such a case , ’’ said the New York lawyer .
If the court does take the case , he said , it would be the first time the Supreme Court has weighed in on whether the church must make public documents concerning internal deliberations about the fitness of priests .
In 2006 , the Supreme Court rejected a request by Cardinal Roger M. Mahony of Los Angeles to keep private the personnel files of two priests accused of sexual abuse .
Lawyers for the archbishop had argued that all communication between a bishop and his priests was protected under the First Amendment .
But the high court declined to hear Mahony ’s case , enabling prosecutors to view the documents as part of a secret grand jury investigation .
Lacovara said that case and the one in Bridgeport are not comparable because the California case concerned a grand jury ’s ability to investigate a crime , while the Connecticut case concerns documents generated in civil lawsuits .
In 2006 , a Waterbury Superior Court judge ruled that the newspapers in question had a right to see the documents stemming from the lawsuits against the six priests by altar boys and members of church youth organizations , but the diocese appealed .
The Connecticut Supreme Court upheld the ruling in May in a 4 - 1 decision .
Jeff Anderson , a Minnesota attorney who has represented clergy sexual abuse victims across the country , said he was not surprised that the Bridgeport Diocese had invoked the First Amendment in its latest filing .
“ It ’s not a surprise because they ’ve been using it from the lowest court to the highest court from Connecticut to California , ’’ although often without success , he said .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
70 deaths on ward of shame : Patients neglected by lazy nurses in a filthy , blood - spattered casualty unit , says damning report
Dozens of patients died needlessly as a result of filthy conditions in an NHS hospital , a shocking report said last night .
Appalling nursing care in Basildon University Hospital contributed to a mortality rate that was more than a third higher than the national average .
At least 70 people may have died who should have been saved .
It is the latest example of patients paying the ultimate price for Labour 's failure to stamp out Third World conditions in the NHS - despite trebling taxpayer funding over the past decade .
Dirty :
When inspectors visited the Basildon University Hospital in Essex , they found serious breaches in hygiene standards
The Essex hospital is run by one of the supposedly ' elite ' foundation trusts , which have greater freedom to manage their finances .
Last night there were angry calls for its entire management team to resign .
Unannounced visits by inspectors from the Care Quality Commission found blood spattered on curtains and chairs in the A&E ward , a catheter bag on the floor , poorly - trained nurses and patients treated on trolleys .
A commode was soiled under the seat , nurses were failing to feed frail elderly people and patients had pressure sores .
There was no paediatric nurse for most of the time so children were not getting the best care .
The mortality rate in the A&E ward was 6.1 per cent in 2008 , more than a third higher than the national average of 4.4 per cent .
The scandal mirrors what happened at Mid Staffordshire foundation trust - a much bigger trust than Basildon - where 400 people died over three years .
Katherine Murphy of the Patients Association said last night : ' The entire board should most certainly resign .
' If there was one member who had any concerns , they should have been raising them .
' We 're sick and tired of NHS managers and senior staff walking away unscathed when families are left with a life sentence of grief . '
Alan Whittle , the trust 's £ 150,000 - a- year chief executive , said they were confident of returning conditions to an acceptable standard before the deadline of next Monday set by the Care Quality Commission .
But last night he ignored calls to resign .
' We are deeply disappointed that we were found wanting in three of the 15 measures covered by this inspection , ' Mr Whittle said .
' I am confident the actions we , and our cleaning contractor , are taking will return us to compliance by November 30 .
' I am also grateful to the CQC for pointing out in its report that our infection rates have fallen year on year and are lower than the majority of similar trusts . '
Trust chairman Michael Large said : ' That Monitor has found us to be in breach of our terms of authorisation as a foundation trust is an extremely serious matter and we do not seek to underestimate its gravity .
' I want to reassure our local community that the safety and well - being of our patients is our highest priority . '
But the CQC , which said ' systemic failings ' had led to ' persistently high mortality rates ' , has ordered in a taskforce from the regulator Monitor to push through improvements , saying it has lost confidence in management 's ability to do so .
Monitor has the power to sack trust bosses .
It also emerged last night that the CQC awarded the trust 13 out of 14 points for cleanliness only last year , rating it ' good ' .
It was only the spot checks last month which uncovered the failings .
Shadow Health Secretary Andrew Lansley said : ' When the appalling standards of care at Stafford Hospital were revealed we were assured by Labour ministers that it was " an isolated case " .
That sort of complacency is simply not good enough .
' I am extremely disturbed by this news and the effect that these shocking conditions may have had on patients .
It is unforgivable if any lives have been needlessly lost . '
The inspectors carried out their unannounced check on October 8 to ' see the hospital as a patient or visitor would see it ' .
They also analysed complaints , from which they learned that many elderly patients had not received help with eating .
In its report , the CQC said its main concerns were persistently high mortality rates , a poor care environment , inadequate arrangements to treat children , poor nursing care , breaches of infection control standards and a lack of leadership at both board and ward level .
Management of the A&E department was poor , with problems including lack of leadership , poor environment and huge delays .
There was no system to ensure staff could observe patients in the waiting room , meaning they could not spot if a patient 's condition deteriorated .
Patients had little privacy , with curtains separating cubicles .
Some were cared for on trolleys around the edge of the major injuries area and , in busier times , in the centre .
Arrangements for children were also criticised .
There were no special areas for children in the major injuries area .
There were few nurses with psychiatric training and no consultant with a paediatric speciality .
The ward spent more time without a paediatric nurse than with one .
Basic nursing care was also ' inconsistent ' .
Complaints from patients showed nurses failed to monitor , feed and give drugs correctly .
Up to 20 patients in 1,000 had evidence of pressure sores - as against 11 per 1,000 nationally .
Scandal :
Over three years , 400 people died at Staffordshire General Hospital in a similar case to Basildon
Local care homes repeatedly expressed concerns about residents coming back with pressure sores .
It was unclear who was in charge of the nurses , and those meant to be in charge lacked the ' professional maturity ' required .
Inspectors also found that the trust was not effectively decontaminating reusable equipment or maintaining a clean and appropriate environment in the A&E department .
They found 11 out of 12 trolley mattresses were stained and two had a ' foul odour ' .
It says : ' Nurses we spoke to were not aware that mattresses could be opened and checked . '
Blood pressure cuffs and suction machines for clearing airways were dirty and dusty .
Half the curtains that separated cubicles were soiled , some with blood - and the system for changing them was not working .
CQC chief executive Cynthia Bower said last night : ' The trust has taken our concerns seriously but improvements are simply not happening fast enough .
' We have lost confidence in the management 's ability to deliver on commitments and turn the situation around .
We have therefore asked Monitor to use its formal powers to kick - start improvement . '
LibDem spokesman Norman Lamb said : ' People have a right to know how on earth a hospital can be rated " good " a few weeks before such serious failings come to light .
' This government has set up a labyrinth of bodies and inspectors which are meant to ensure high quality standards in our hospitals but it simply is n't working . '
Katherine Murphy of the Patients Association said : ' Yet again the regulator 's assessment of a hospital has proven to be farcically inaccurate .
It is nothing but a tick - box exercise that did n't reveal any of these problems .
' Yet again patients are being neglected .
Lack of monitoring , lack of help with feeding , lack of dignity , avoidable pressure sores .
' How many times do the public need to keep hearing about this before the Government is embarrassed enough to do something about it ?'
Health minister Mike O'Brien said : ' Patient safety must be a top priority for the NHS and all patients deserve the highest quality of care .
' We expect these issues to be dealt with quickly and effectively to ensure high quality , safe care for patients .
Their progress will be closely and rigorously overseen by Monitor . '
The trust has two hospitals providing care for around 300,000 people in South - west Essex .
Most of the inpatient care is at the 777 - bed Basildon University Hospital , while outpatient care is at Orsett hospital .
WE LOST OUR UNBORN BABY
' Torture ' : Lucy Anderson , pictured with husband Adam , says she was refused a scan at Basildon hospital despite being five months pregnant and bleeding heavily
Lucy Anderson blames the Basildon hospital for the ' mental torture ' of losing her unborn baby .
She was five months pregnant and bleeding heavily when she went to the A&E .
She allegedly waited five hours to be seen , only to be refused a scan due to lack of staff .
The 30 - year - old mental health worker said she was then told her baby was fine and was sent home , even though doctors could not find a heartbeat and she was still bleeding .
When she went back the next day , she was told the baby was dead but she would have to give birth to it - although nothing could be done for three days .
She said there was dried blood on the floor of the hospital when she went in there .
Mrs Anderson , who is pregnant again , said : ' I had to walk around with a dead baby inside .
You can imagine the heartache this caused , not to mention the mental torture . '
The nightmare continued once Mrs Anderson , of West Thurrock , was admitted to the hospital .
She started to haemorrhage and her condition was critical .
' I nearly died that night but was informed I was put aside because a child had been admitted after an accident , ' added Mrs Anderson , who was so traumatised she was off work for six months .
The hospital began an investigation last month into her experience in January .
Mrs Anderson has vowed not to return to Basildon hospital with her second pregnancy .
She said it had been nearly a year since her son died and she still had heard nothing .
Gearing Up for Post - Lisbon Brussels In The Running To Be Europe 's Next Top Politician
Now recalcitrant nations are finally signing the Lisbon Treaty , the EU may get a phone number .
And there are several candidates waiting to pick up the phone .
But will it be the president or the foreign minister who does so ?
And will wrangling over new positions of power cause more confusion than clarity ?
Verizon recently came away from their meetings with Google with the plan to have 3 Android phones in its line - up by early 2010 .
While two of the handsets will be branded with well - known names , the third handset will be manufactured by a small company and will have the ability to act as a personal router .
Unsung has learned that it will be the first Android phone certified through Verizon 's Open Development Program .
This program is supposed to make it fast and easy for a handset to make it onto Big Red 's CDMA network .
To meet the specifications of the Open Development Program , vendors must meet the E911 emergency standard , the ability to activate the device OTA , and have support for SMS text messaging .
The third Android phone will also have Mi-Fi support so it can act as a personal router .
This phone will be available in early 2010 .
Lowell McAdams , Verizon Wireless CEO , said that the first two Android hansdsets will be ready for launch in a few weeks .
One is expected to be the Motorola Droid / Sholes / Tao .
A recent story suggested that Verizon might be offering the Android powered HTC Hero sometime in November .
Verizon 's Mi-Fi technology allows up to 5 devices to have access to Big Red 's 3G EV - DO network and has antennas for both Wi-Fi and CDMA .
Having Mi-Fi on a handset would be like carrying your own personal server with you , wherever you go .
And for Verizon , it is a win - win because subscribers get to grab a fast 3G network from just about anywhere while the carrier still is getting paid for the use of its ' network .
HTC Hero Preliminary Specifications ( CDMA ) .source : Unstrung
The Israeli navy is reported to be " sending a message " to Iran
Two Israeli warships have sailed through the Suez Canal between the Mediterranean and the Red Sea , Israeli and Egyptian officials say .
Israeli media described the passage of the two Saar class missile boats as a " message " to Iran .
Israel believes Iran 's nuclear programme is aimed at developing nuclear weapons , something Iran denies .
Israeli officials say an Israeli submarine used the canal in June , returning on 5 July .
An Israeli official said deployment of the two ships was linked to the Israeli navy 's " recent activities around the Red Sea " .
Correspondents say that although Israel vessels regularly use the canal , the recent moves have - unusually - been publicised by the Israelis .
Shlomo Brom , of the Israeli Institute for National Security Studies , said : " I believe ( the news ) was likely leaked on purpose in order to signal to Iran that Israel has the capability of reaching them . "
Israel has said repeatedly that it will not rule out the possibility of taking military action against Iran over the nuclear issue .
Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmad Aboul
Gheit told the BBC that warships had the right to use the canal provided they had no aggressive intent towards Egypt .
In a move almost too strange to be fiction , Toyota is apparently advising its Toyota and Lexus brand dealers to zip tie loose floor mats to the seats in the 3.8 million vehicles affected by the recent safety recall .
Of course , it 's phrased much more eloquently than that .
" We have reviewed with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration what we ’re calling a semipermanent floor mat installation process , and we ’re providing these instructions to our dealers , " Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons told Automotive News .
The " plastic wire ties " obviate the need to turn out a whole new fastening system for the mats and vehicles , allowing Toyota and Lexus dealers to continue selling new and used inventory .
Dealers are instructed to secure the floor mats to the driver 's seat frame with zip ties .
A label is then attached to the zip tie warning dealers and customers alike that the mat is now tied to vehicle , and not to stack other mats on top of the now semi-permanent mat .
If you have one of the following vehicles :
2007 - 2010 Toyota Camry ( sedan )
2005 - 2010 Toyota Avalon ( sedan )
2004 -2009 Toyota Prius ( hatchback )
2005 - 2010 Toyota Tacoma ( pickup truck )
2007 - 2010 Toyota Tundra ( pickup truck )
2007 - 2010 Lexus ES350 ( sedan )
2006 - 2010 Lexus IS250 and IS350 ( sedan )
it is subject to the recall and may face repair by the " zip tie " method .
Whether customers are expected to return to the dealerships should the mats need to be removed for any reason , and if they 'll be charged for " reinstallation " is n't clear .
The " fix " has been circulating out to dealers around the country since last Friday .
Loose all - weather floor mat jams accelerator pedal .
Photo : NHTSA
It 's certainly a fairly sure - fire method to keep the mats from encroaching on the gas pedal , and low - cost and resourceful at that , but you have to wonder how Lexus owners in particular will feel about a key aspect of their safety coming down to a pair of plastic zip ties .
Perhaps it will become a " feature " for the 2011 model year : the Lexus Wire Tie Floor Mat Retention System .
[ Auto News - sub. req . ]
Cameraman brutally arrested while filming Sunsara Taylor making a statement Sunday 10:30 a.m. at Ethical Humanist Society of Chicago
On Sunday , November 1st , plainclothes and uniformed police who had been called in earlier by officials of the Ethical Humanist Society of Chicago ( EHSC ) dragged out , maced and arrested a man for videotaping Sunsara Taylor as she stood near her seat and made a statement before the start of that morning ’s program about the shameful cancellation of her long planned talk to EHSC that day on the topic “ Morality without Gods .
” The shocking incident took place at the insistence of the president of EHSC .
About 40 people witnessed the videographer being brutalized by the police in the foyer of the facility .
An attorney demanded that the police stop brutalizing him when five officers piled on him as he lay face down on the floor .
6 police cars arrived within minutes .
The day before , during a workshop on the same premises which the president and other board members of the EHS were at , Sunsara explained very clearly that she would be attending the opening of the EHS 's Sunday gathering and giving the EHS the opportunity to do the right thing and allow her talk to go forward , up until the last minute .
If the EHS still refused to let her give her talk , she explained that she would leave and give her talk in “ exile ” at the nearby home of one of the EHS members .
[ this statement can be viewed on http://sunsara.blogspot.com/2009/11/call-for-ethical-humanist-society-of.html]In her brief statement at the EHS on Sunday morning , Sunsara Taylor challenged the very wrong decision to cancel her speaking engagement and pointed out how this is contributing to a chilling atmosphere in society as a whole and has happened all too frequently to people who challenge the dominant narrative ( like Ward Churchill , Noman Finkelstein and the director of Milk who was recently “ disinvited ” from Hope College , etc. ) .
Taylor stated that while the group had the “ bureaucratic right ” to disinvite her , it did n’t make it any more “ right ” than the voters in California passing Prop 8 .
She also invited those who wanted to hear her speak to come to her “ talk in exile ” at the home of a member of the EHSC .
At no point during her brief statement was Sunsara asked to stop speaking or to leave the premises .
And at no point was anyone who was there to support her , including the photographer , asked to leave .
It is telling that the only person singled out by the police , at the request of the president of the Society , was the man documenting what Sunsara was saying .
The videographer was simply trying to document and guard the truth of what Sunsara was saying in her brief statement .
Sunsara ’s words had been grossly distorted and taken out of context by some members of the EHSC who were the driving forces behind canceling her speech .
What kind of ethics and morals is the EHSC upholding and modeling through the great lengths it has gone to in suppressing Sunsara Taylor ’s talk on Morality without Gods ?
A number of their own members expressed disagreement with the cancellation and a number of prominent people from around the country wrote statements in support of Sunsara ’s speaking and called on EHSC to rectify its wrong - headed decision .
Instead , the board fortified and increasingly defended its decision and created an atmosphere of anti-communist hysteria , fear and rumor - mongering that had no relationship to reality .
The EHS had no legitimate basis to feel the police needed to be there in the first place , except for the rumors and hysteria that they themselves had created .
Then , by choosing to set the police upon the person filming they went after the one person who was documenting the truth of Sunsara 's words and the fact that Sunsara and others there to support her were acting in no way to disrupt the replacement talk the EHS had planned .
What kind of Ethical Humanist group would create a situation that led directly to the brutal arrest of someone simply for filming Sunsara giving a statement at that point with simply a cell phone ?
In their zeal to suppress Taylor they went repeatedly against the stated purpose of the Ethical Humanist Society of Chicago which includes “ the supreme aim of human life is working to create a more humane society ...
Our commitment is to the worth and dignity of the individual and to treating each human being so as to bring out the best in her or him .
” This attack was in stark contrast to the day before at the EHSC where Sunsara led a well - attended and lively discussion with much audience participation on " Women ’s Liberation and the Emancipation of Humanity . "
This whole program was videotaped by the same volunteer photographer .
To call upon the EHSC to drop charges against the photographer and to continue to express their disagreement with their decision to dis-invite Sunsara Taylor contact : office@ethicalhuman.org847-677-3334 .
To find out how to make contributions to the legal defense , contact : sunsaratour@yahoo.com .
Link to video of Sunsara 's statement on Oct. 31st at EHS - Chicago .
http://sunsara.blogspot.com/2009/11/call-for-ethical-humanist-society-of.html
Officials : U.S. Army Told of Hasan 's Contacts with al Qaeda Major in Fort Hood killing used ' electronic means ' to connect w/ terrorists
Nov. 9 , 2009  -- U.S. intelligence agencies were aware months ago that Army Major Nidal Malik Hasan was attempting to make contact with an individual associated with al Qaeda , two American officials briefed on classified material in the case told ABC News .
According to the officials , the Army was informed of Hasan 's contact , but it is unclear what , if anything , the Army did in response .
Rep. Peter Hoekstra ( R - MI ) , the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , said that he requested the CIA and other intelligence agencies brief the committee on what was known , if anything , about Hasan by the U.S. intelligence community , only to be refused .
In response , Hoekstra issued a document preservation request to four intelligence agencies .
The letter , dated November 7th , was sent to directors Dennis Blair ( DNI ) , Robert Mueller ( FBI ) , Lt. Gen Keith Alexander ( NSA ) and Leon Panetta ( CIA ) .
Hoekstra said he is " absolutely furious " that the house intel committee has been refused an intelligence briefing by the DNI or CIA on Hasan 's attempt to reach out to al Qaeda , as first reported by ABC News .
" This is a law enforcement investigation , in which other agencies — not the CIA — have the lead , " CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano said in a response to ABC News . "
Any suggestion that the CIA refused to brief Congress is incorrect . "
Investigators want to know if Hasan maintained contact with a radical mosque leader from Virginia , Anwar al Awlaki , who now lives in Yemen and runs a web site that promotes jihad around the world against the U.S .
In a blog posting early Monday titled " Nidal Hassan Did the Right Thing , " Awlaki calls Hasan a " hero " and a " man of conscience who could not bear living the contradiction of being a Muslim and serving in an army that is fighting against his own people . "
According to his site , Awlaki served as an imam in Denver , San Diego and Falls Church , Virginia .
The Associated Press reported Sunday that Major Hasan attended the Falls Church mosque when Awlaki was there .
The Telegraph of London reported that Awlaki had made contact with two of the 9/11 hijackers when he was in San Diego .
He denied any knowledge of the hijacking plot and was never charged with any crime .
After an intensive investigation by the FBI , Awlaki moved to Yemen .
People who knew or worked with Hasan say he seemed to have gradually become more radical in his disapproval of the war in Iraq and Afghanistan .
On Sunday , Sen. Joseph Lieberman ( D - CT ) called for an investigation into whether the Army missed signs as to whether Hasan was an Islamic extremist .
" If Hasan was showing signs , saying to people that he had become an Islamist extremist , the U.S. Army has to have a zero tolerance , " Lieberman told Fox News Sunday .
Army Chief of Staff
A fellow Army doctor who studied with Hasan , Val Finell , told ABC News , " He would frequently say he was a Muslim first and an American second .
And that came out in just about everything he did at the University . "
Finell said he and other Army doctors complained to superiors about Hasan 's statements .
" And we questioned how somebody could take an oath of office … be an officer in the military and swear allegiance to the constitution and to defend America against all enemies , foreign and domestic and have that type of conflict , " Finell told ABC News .
The Army Chief of Staff , General George Casey , raised concerns over the weekend that innocent Muslim soldiers could suffer as a result of the shooting at Fort Hood .
" I think the speculation ( on Hasan 's Islamic roots ) could potentially heighten backlash against some of our Muslim soldiers , " he said on ABC's " This Week . "
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Mr. Johnson is the author of Blowback : The Costs and Consequences of American Empire and The Sorrows of Empire : Militarism , Secrecy and the End of the Republic , to be published in January by Metropolitan Books .
The Central Intelligence Agency has an almost unblemished record of screwing up every " secret " armed intervention it ever undertook .
From the overthrow of the Iranian government in 1953 through the Bay of Pigs , the failed attempts to assassinate Fidel Castro of Cuba and Patrice Lumumba of the Republic of Congo , the Phoenix Program in Vietnam , the " secret war " in Laos , aid to the Greek colonels who seized power in 1967 , the 1973 killing of Salvador Allende in Chile and Ronald Reagan 's Iran- contra war against Nicaragua , there is not a single instance in which the agency 's activities did not prove acutely embarrassing to the United States .
The CIA continues to get away with this primarily because its budget and operations have always been secret and Congress is normally too indifferent to its constitutional functions to rein in a rogue bureaucracy .
Therefore the tale of a purported CIA success story should be of some interest .
According to the author of the newly released Charlie Wilson 's War , the exception to CIA incompetence was the arming between 1979 and 1988 of thousands of Afghan moujahedeen ( " freedom fighters " ) .
The agency flooded Afghanistan with an astonishing array of extremely dangerous weapons and " unapologetically mov[ed ] to equip and train cadres of high tech holy warriors in the art of waging a war of urban terror against a modern superpower , " in this case , the USSR .
The author of this glowing account , George Crile , is a veteran producer for the CBS television news show " 60 Minutes " and an exuberant Tom Clancy - type enthusiast for the Afghan caper .
He argues that the U.S. clandestine involvement in Afghanistan was " the largest and most successful CIA operation in history " and " the one morally unambiguous crusade of our time . "
He adds that " there was nothing so romantic and exciting as this war against the Evil Empire . "
Crile 's sole measure of success is the number of Soviet soldiers killed ( about 15,000 ) , which undermined Soviet morale and contributed to the disintegration of the Soviet Union in the period from 1989 to 1991 .
That 's the successful part .
However , he never mentions that the " tens of thousands of fanatical Muslim fundamentalists " the CIA armed are some of the same people who in 1996 killed 19 American airmen at Dhahran , Saudi Arabia ; bombed our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 ; blew a hole in the side of the U.S. destroyer Cole in Aden harbor in 2000 ; and on Sept. 11 , 2001 , flew hijacked airliners into New York 's World Trade Center and the Pentagon .
Today , the world awaits what is almost certain to happen soon at some airport -- a terrorist firing a U.S. Stinger low - level surface - to - air missile ( manufactured at one time by General Dynamics in Rancho Cucamonga ) into an American jumbo jet .
The CIA supplied thousands of them to the moujahedeen and trained them to be experts in their use .
If the CIA 's activities in Afghanistan are a " success story , " then Enron should be considered a model of corporate behavior .
Nonetheless , Crile 's account is important , if appalling , precisely because it details how a ruthless ignoramus congressman and a high - ranking CIA thug managed to hijack American foreign policy .
From 1973 to 1996 , Charlie Wilson represented the 2nd District of Texas in the U.S. House of Representatives .
His constituency was in the heart of the East Texas Bible Belt and was the long - held fiefdom of his fellow Democrat , Martin Dies , the first chairman of the House Un- American Affairs Committee .
Wilson is 6 feet , 4 inches tall and " handsome , with one of those classic outdoor faces that tobacco companies bet millions on . "
He graduated from the Naval Academy in 1956 , eighth from the bottom of his class and with more demerits than any other cadet in Annapolis history .
After serving in the Texas Legislature , he arrived in Washington in 1973 and quickly became known as " Good Time Charlie , " " the biggest playboy in Congress . "
He hired only good - looking women for his staff and escorted " a parade of beauty queens to White House parties . "
Even Crile , who featured Wilson many times on " 60 Minutes " and obviously admires him , describes him as " a seemingly corrupt , cocaine snorting , scandal prone womanizer who the CIA was convinced could only get the Agency into terrible trouble if it permitted him to become involved in any way in its operations . "
Wilson 's partner in getting the CIA to arm the moujahedeen was Gust Avrakotos , the son of working - class Greek immigrants from the steel workers ' town of Aliquippa , Pa .
Only in 1960 did the CIA begin to recruit officers for the Directorate of Operations from among what it called " new Americans , " meaning such ethnic groups as Chinese , Japanese , Latinos and Greek Americans .
Until then , it had followed its British model and taken only Ivy League sons of the Eastern Establishment .
Avrakotos joined the CIA in 1961 and came to nurture a hatred of the bluebloods , or " cake eaters , " as he called them , who discriminated against him .
After " spook school " at Camp Peary , next door to Jamestown , Va. , he was posted to Athens , where , as a Greek speaker , he remained until 1978 .
During Avrakotos 's time in Greece , the CIA was instrumental in destroying Greek freedom and helping to turn the country into probably the single most anti-American democracy on Earth today .
Incredibly , Crile describes this as follows : " On April 21 , 1967 , he [ Avrakotos ] got one of those breaks that can make a career .
A military junta seized power in Athens that day and suspended democratic and constitutional government . "
Avrakotos became the CIA 's chief liaison with the Greek colonels .
After the fall of the colonels ' brutally fascist regime , the 17 November terrorist organization assassinated the CIA's Athens station chief , Richard Welch , on Dec. 23 , 1975 , and " Gust came to be vilified in the Greek radical press as the sinister force responsible for most of the country 's many ills . "
He left the country in 1978 but could not get another decent assignment -- he tried for Helsinki -- because the head of the European Division regarded him as simply too uncouth to send to any of its capitals .
He sat around Langley for several years without work until he was recruited by John McGaffin , head of the Afghan program .
" If it 's really true that you have nothing to do , " McGaffin said , " why not come upstairs ?
We 're killing Russians . "
Wilson was the moneybags and sparkplug of this pair ; Avrakotos was a street fighter who relished giving Kalashnikovs and Stingers to the tribesmen in Afghanistan .
Wilson was the more complex of the two , and Crile argues that his " Good Time Charlie " image was actually a cover for a Barry Goldwater kind of hyper- patriotism .
But Wilson was also a liberal on the proposed Equal Rights Amendment and a close friend of the late Congresswoman Barbara Jordan ( D - Texas ) , and his sister Sharon became chairwoman of the board of Planned Parenthood .
As a boy , Wilson was fascinated by World War II and developed an almost childlike belief that he possessed a " special destiny " to " kill bad guys " and help underdogs prevail over their enemies .
When he entered Congress , just at the time of the Yom Kippur War , he became a passionate supporter of Israel .
After he traveled to Israel , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee began to steer large amounts of money from all over the country to him and to cultivate him as " one of Israel 's most important Congressional champions : a non-Jew with no Jewish constituents . "
Jewish members of Congress also rallied to put Wilson on the all - powerful Appropriations Committee in order to guarantee Israel 's annual $ 3 - billion subsidy .
His own Texas delegation opposed his appointment .
Wilson was not discriminating in his largess .
He also became a supporter of Anastasio " Tacho " Somoza , the West Point graduate and dictator of Nicaragua who in 1979 was swept away by popular fury .
Before that happened , President Carter tried to cut the $ 3.1 - million annual U.S. aid package to Nicaragua , but Wilson , declaring Somoza to be " America 's oldest anti-Communist ally in Central America , " opposed the president and prevailed .
During Wilson 's long tenure on the House Appropriations Committee , one of its subcommittee chairmen , Clarence D. " Doc " Long , used to have a sign mounted over his desk : " Them that has the gold makes the rules . "
Wilson advanced rapidly on this most powerful of congressional committees .
He was first appointed to the foreign operations subcommittee , which doles out foreign aid .
He then did a big favor for then - Speaker Thomas P. " Tip " O'Neill Jr. ( D - Mass . ) .
The chairman of the Defense Appropriations subcommittee at the time , Rep. John Murtha ( D - Pa. ) , had been caught in the FBI 's ABSCAM sting operation in which an agent disguised as a Saudi sheik offered members of Congress large cash bribes .
O'Neill put Wilson on the Ethics Committee to save Murtha , which he did .
In return , O'Neill assigned Wilson to the defense appropriations subcommittee and made him a life member of the governing board of the John F. Kennedy Performing Arts Center , where he delighted in taking his young dates .
Wilson soon discovered that all of the CIA 's budget and 40 percent of the Pentagon 's budget is " black , " hidden from the public and even from Congress .
As a member of the defense subcommittee , he could arrange to have virtually any amount of money added to whatever black project he supported .
So long as Wilson did favors for other members on the subcommittee , such as supporting defense projects in their districts , they would never object to his private obsessions .
About this time , Wilson came under the influence of a remarkable , rabidly conservative Houston woman in her mid-40s , Joanne Herring .
They later fell in love , although they never married .
She had a reputation among the rich of the River Oaks section of Houston as a collector of powerful men , a social lioness and hostess to her fellow members of the John Birch Society .
She counted among her friends Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos , dictator and first lady of the Philippines , and Yaqub Khan , Pakistan 's ambassador to Washington , D.C. , who got Herring named as Pakistan 's honorary consul for Houston .
In July 1977 , the head of Pakistan 's army , Mohammed Zia-ul - Haq , seized power and declared martial law , and in 1979 , he hanged Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , the president who had promoted him .
In retaliation , Carter cut off U.S. aid to Pakistan .
In 1980 , Herring went to Islamabad and was so entranced by Zia and his support for the Afghan freedom fighters that on her return to the United States , she encouraged Wilson to go to Pakistan .
There he met Zia , learned about the Afghan moujahedeen and became a convert to the cause .
Once Reagan replaced Carter , Wilson was able to restore Zia 's aid money and added several millions to the CIA 's funds for secretly arming the Afghan guerrillas , each dollar of which the Saudi government secretly matched .
Although Wilson romanticized the mountain warriors of Afghanistan , the struggle was never as uneven as it seemed .
Pakistan provided the fighters with sanctuary , training and arms and even sent its own officers into Afghanistan as advisors on military operations .
Saudi Arabia served as the fighters ' banker , providing hundred of millions with no strings attached .
Several governments , including those of Egypt , China and Israel , secretly supplied arms .
And the insurgency enjoyed the backing of the United States through the CIA .
Wilson's and the CIA 's greatest preoccupation was supplying the Afghans with something effective against the Soviets ' most feared weapon , the Mi-24 Hind helicopter gunship .
The Red Army used it to slaughter innumerable moujahedeen as well as to shoot up Afghan villages .
Wilson favored the Oerlikon antiaircraft gun made in Switzerland ( it was later charged that he was on the take from the Zurich - based arms manufacturer ) .
Avrakotos opposed it because it was too heavy for guerrillas to move easily , but he could not openly stand in Wilson 's way .
After months of controversy , the Joint Chiefs of Staff finally dropped their objections to supplying the American Stinger , President Reagan signed off on it , and the " silver bullet " was on its way .
The Stinger had never before been used in combat .
It proved to be murderous against the Hinds , and Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev decided to cut his losses and get out altogether .
In Wilson 's postwar tour of Afghanistan , moujahedeen fighters surrounded him and triumphantly fired their missiles for his benefit .
They also gave him as a souvenir the stock from the first Stinger to shoot down a Hind gunship .
The CIA " bluebloods " fired Avrakotos in the summer of 1986 , and he retired to Rome .
Wilson became chairman of the Intelligence Oversight Committee , at which time he wrote to his CIA friends , " Well , gentlemen , the fox is in the hen house .
Do whatever you like . "
After retiring from Congress in 1996 , he became a lobbyist for Pakistan under a contract that paid him $ 30,000 a month .
Meanwhile , the United States lost interest in Afghanistan , which descended into a civil war that the Taliban ultimately won .
In the autumn of 2001 , the United States returned in force after Al Qaeda retaliated against its former weapon supplier by attacking New York and Washington .
The president of the United States went around asking , " Why do they hate us ? "
Crile knows a lot about these matters and presents them in a dramatic manner .
There are , however , one or two items that he appears unaware of or is suppressing .
For the CIA legally to carry out a covert action , the president must authorize a document called a finding .
Crile repeatedly says that Carter signed such a finding ordering the CIA to provide covert backing to the moujahedeen after the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan on Dec. 24 , 1979 .
The truth of the matter is that Carter signed the finding on July 3 , 1979 , six months before the Soviet invasion , and he did so on the advice of his national security advisor , Zbigniew Brzezinski , in order to try to provoke a Russian incursion .
Brzezinski has confirmed this sequence of events in an interview with a French newspaper , and former CIA Director Robert M. Gates says so explicitly in his 1996 memoirs .
It may surprise Charlie Wilson to learn that his heroic moujahedeen were manipulated by Washington like so much cannon fodder in order to give the USSR its own Vietnam .
The moujahedeen did the job , but as subsequent events have made clear , they may not be grateful to the United States .
This piece was first published by the Los Angeles Times and is reprinted with permission of the author .
Goggie will never expect an attack from the sea !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Award - winning journalist , John Pilger , investigates the realities of globalization by taking a close look at Indonesia .
In order to examine the true effects of globalization , Pilger turns the spotlight on Indonesia , a country described by the World Bank as a model pupil until its globalized economy collapsed in 1998 .
The film examines the use of sweatshop factories by famous brand names , and asks some penetrating questions .
Who are the real beneficiaries of the globalized economy ?
Who really rules the world now ?
Is it governments or a handful of huge companies ?
The Ford Motor Company alone is bigger than the economy of South Africa .
Enormously rich men , like Bill Gates , have a wealth greater than all of Africa .
Pilger goes behind the hype of the new global economy and reveals that the divisions between the rich and poor have never been greater -- two thirds of the world 's children live in poverty -- and the gulf is widening like never before .
The film looks at the new rulers of the world -- the great multinationals and the governments and institutions that back them -- the IMF and the World Bank .
Under IMF rules , millions of people throughout the world lose their jobs and livelihood .
The reality behind much of modern shopping and the famous brands is a sweatshop economy , which is being duplicated in country after country .
The film travels to Indonesia and Washington , asking challenging questions seldom raised in the mainstream media and exposing the scandal of globalization , including revealing interviews with top officials of the World Bank and the IMF .
The New Rulers of the World
> View More Multimedia You Wo n't Find on TV
It ’s the sequel to An Inconvenient Truth .
It ’s hard to imagine how far this issue has dropped in recent years thanks to the flat earth teabaggers in the US .
It ’s going to take a lot of work to get this issue back on track in the US .
The rest of the world is already there and waiting for the US to catch up .
The book aims to reach those Americans by familiarising readers with emerging alternative energy sources , such as geothermal , biomass and wind power , as well as the possibilities of making cleaner coal power plants , and developing a more efficient and responsive “ smart ” electrical grid .
Gore also explores how deforestation , soil erosion , and the rising world population are multiplying the effects of rising greenhouse gas emissions .
Much of the material was developed through the series of brainstorming sessions organised by Gore .
Since 2007 , the former vice - president has been calling experts together to discuss possible solutions to climate change .
He has also held countless telephone conversations with scientists at America ’s best institutions .
Chomsky Doubts Change from Obama Editor ’s Note : A year after Barack Obama was elected President , many on the American Left are criticizing him for not achieving all they had hoped for – including an end to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , a complete rejection of George W. Bush ’s “ war on terror , ” and sharp reductions in military spending .
But MIT professor Noam Chomsky suggests those hopes were always naïve and that only a powerful grassroots movement can force such changes , as reported in this guest article by Mamoon Alabbasi that previously appeared in Middle East Online :
As civilized people across the world breathed a sigh of relief to see the back of former U.S. President George W. Bush , top American intellectual Noam Chomsky warned against assuming or expecting significant changes in the basis of Washington 's foreign policy under President Barack Obama .
Email
Printer friendly During two lectures organized by the School of Oriental and African Studies ( SOAS ) in London , Chomsky cited numerous examples of the driving doctrines behind U.S. foreign policy since the end of World War II .
" As Obama came into office , Condoleezza Rice predicted that he would follow the policies of Bush 's second term , and that is pretty much what happened , apart from a different rhetorical style , " Chomsky said .
" But it is wise to attend to deeds , not rhetoric .
Deeds commonly tell a different story , " he added .
" There is basically no significant change in the fundamental traditional conception that we if can control Middle East energy resources , then we can control the world , " explained Chomsky .
Chomsky said that a leading doctrine of U.S. foreign policy during the period of its global dominance is what he termed as " the Mafia principle . "
" The Godfather does not tolerate ' successful defiance ' .
It is too dangerous .
It must therefore be stamped out so that others understand that disobedience is not an option , " said Chomsky .
That ’s because the U.S. sees " successful defiance " of Washington as a " virus " that will " spread contagion , " he explained .
Iran The U.S. had feared this " virus " of independent thought from Washington by Tehran and therefore acted to overthrow the Iranian parliamentary democracy in 1953 .
" The goal in 1953 was to retain control of Iranian resources , " said Chomsky .
However , " in 1979 the ( Iranian ) virus emerged again .
The U.S. at first sought to sponsor a military coup ; when that failed , it turned to support Saddam Hussein 's merciless invasion ( of Iran ) . "
" The torture of Iran continued without a break and still does , with sanctions and other means , " said Chomsky .
" The U.S. continued , without a break , its torture of Iranians . "
Chomsky mocked the idea presented by the mainstream media that a future - nuclear - armed Iran may attack already - nuclear - armed Israel .
" The chance of Iran launching a missile attack , nuclear or not , is about at the level of an asteroid hitting the earth -- unless , of course , the ruling clerics have a fanatic death wish and want to see Iran instantly incinerated along with them , " said Chomsky , stressing that this is not the case .
Chomsky further explained that the presence of U.S. anti-missile weapons in Israel are really meant for preparing a possible attack on Iran , and not for self - defense , as it is often presented .
" The systems are advertised as defense against an Iranian attack .
But ... the purpose of the U.S. interception systems , if they ever work , is to prevent any retaliation to a U.S. or Israeli attack on Iran -- that is , to eliminate any Iranian deterrent , " said Chomsky .
Iraq Chomsky reminded the audience of America 's backing of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein during and even after Iraq 's war with Iran .
" The Reaganite love affair with Saddam did not end after the ( Iran - Iraq ) war .
In 1989 , Iraqi nuclear engineers were invited to the United States , then under Gorge Bush I , to receive advanced weapons ' training , " said Chomsky .
This support continued while Saddam was committing atrocities against his own people , until he fell out of U.S. favor when in 1990 he invaded Kuwait , an even closer alley of Washington .
" In 1990 , Saddam defied , or more likely misunderstood orders , and he quickly shifted from favorite friend to the reincarnation of Hitler , " Chomsky added .
Then the people of Iraq were subjected to " genocidal " US - backed sanctions , Chomsky said .
Chomsky explained that although the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq in 2003 , which was launched under many false pretexts and lies and was a " major crime , " many critics of the invasion - including Obama - viewed it as merely as " a mistake " or a " strategic blunder . "
" It 's probably what the German general staff was telling Hitler after Stalingrad , " he said .
" There 's nothing principled about it .
It was n't a strategic blunder : it was a major crime . "
Chomsky credited the holding of elections in Iraq in 2005 to popular Iraqi demands , despite initial U.S. objection .
The U.S. military , he argued , could kill as many Iraqi insurgents as it wished , but it was more difficult to shoot at non-violent protesters in the streets out in the open , which meant Washington at times had to give in to public Iraqi pressure .
But despite being pressured to announce a withdrawal from Iraq , the U.S. continues to seek a long term presence in the country .
The U.S. mega-embassy in Baghdad is to be expanded under Obama , noted Chomsky .
Optimism Chomsky stressed that public pressure in the ' West ' can make a positive difference for people suffering from the aggression of ' Western ' governments .
" There is a lot of comparison between opposition to the Iraq war with opposition to the Vietnam war , but people tend to forget that at first there was almost no opposition to the Vietnam war , " said Chomsky .
" In the Iraq war , there were massive international protests before it officially stated ... and it had an effect .
The United Sates could not use the tactics used in Vietnam : there was no saturation bombing by B52s , so there was no chemical warfare - ( the Iraq war was ) horrible enough , but it could have been a lot worse , " he said .
" And furthermore , the Bush administration had to back down on its war aims , step by step , " he added .
" It had to allow elections , which it did not want to do : mainly a victory for non-Iraqi protests . …
Their hands were tied by the domestic constraints .
They finally had to abandon - officially at least - virtually all the war aims . "
" As late as November 2007 , the U.S. was still insisting that the ' Status of Forces Agreement ' allow for an indefinite U.S. military presence and privileged access to Iraq 's resources by U.S. investors - well they did n't get that on paper at least .
They had to back down .
OK , Iraq is a horror story but it could have been a lot worse , " he said .
" So yes , protests can do something .
When there is no protest and no attention , a power just goes wild , ” he added .
Turkey Chomsky said that Turkey could become a " significant independent actor " in the region , if it chooses to .
" Turkey has to make some internal decisions : is it going to face west and try to get accepted by the European Union or is it going to face reality and recognize that Europeans are so racist that they are never going to allow it in ? , " said Chomsky .
The Europeans " keep raising the barrier on Turkish entry to the EU , " he explained .
But Chomsky said Turkey did become an independent actor in March 2003 when it followed its public opinion and did not take part in the U.S. - led invasion of Iraq .
Turkey took notice of the wishes of the overwhelming majority of its population , which opposed the invasion .
But ' New Europe ' was led by Berlusconi of Italy and Aznar of Spain , who rejected the views of their populations - which strongly objected to the Iraq war - and preferred to follow Bush , noted Chomsky .
So , in that sense Turkey was more democratic than states that took part in the war , which in turn infuriated the U.S. Today , Chomsky added , Turkey is also acting independently by refusing to take part in U.S. - Israeli military exercises .
Chomsky explained that although ' Western ' government use " the maxim of Thucydides " ( ' the strong do as they wish , and the weak suffer as they must ' ) , their peoples are brought along via the " fear factor . "
Via cooperate media and complicit intellectuals , the public is led to believe that all the crimes and atrocities committed by their governments are " self defense " or " humanitarian intervention . "
Chomsky noted that Obama has escalated Bush 's war in Afghanistan , using NATO , which is also seen as reinforcing U.S. control over energy supplies .
But the U.S. also used NATO to keep Europe under control .
" From the earliest post - World War days , it was understood that Western Europe might choose to follow an independent course , " said Chomsky .
" NATO was partially intended to counter this serious threat . "
Middle East Oil Chomsky explained that Middle East oil reserves were understood to be " a stupendous source of strategic power " and " one of the greatest material prizes in world history , " the most " strategically important area in the world , " in Eisenhower 's words .
Control of Middle East oil would provide the United States with " substantial control of the world . "
This meant that the U.S. " must support harsh and brutal regimes and block democracy and development " in the Middle East .
Chomsky also tackled the origins of the Somali piracy issue , saying " Piracy is not nice , but where did it come from ? "
Chomsky explained that one of the immediate reasons for piracy is European counties and others are simply " destroying Somalia 's territorial waters by dumping toxic waste - probably nuclear waste - and also by overfishing . "
" What happens to the fishermen in Somalia ?
They become pirates .
And then we 're all upset about the piracy , not about having created the situation , " said Chomsky .
Chomsky went on to cite another example of harming Somalia .
" One of the great achievements of the war on terror , which was greatly hailed in the press when it was announced , was closing down an Islamic charity - Barakat - which was identified as supporting terrorists .
" A couple of months later ... the ( U.S. ) government quietly recognized that they were wrong , and the press may have had a couple of lines about it - but meanwhile , it was a major blow against Somalia .
Somalia does n't have much of an economy but a lot of it was supported by this charity : not just giving money but running banks and businesses , and so on .
" It was a significant part of the economy of Somalia ... closing it down ... was another contributing factor to the breaking down of a very weak society ... and there are other examples . "
Darfur Chomsky also touched on Sudan 's Darfur region .
" There are terrible things going on in Darfur , but in comparison with the region they do n't amount to a lot unfortunately - like what 's going on in eastern Congo is incomparably worse than in Darfur .
" But Darfur is a very popular topic for Western humanists because you can blame it on an enemy - you have to distort a lot but you can blame it on ' Arabs ' , ' bad guys ' , " he explained .
" What about saving eastern Congo where maybe 20 times as many people have been killed ?
Well , that gets kind of tricky ... for people who ... are using minerals from eastern Congo that obtained by multinationals sponsoring militias which slaughter and kill and get the minerals , " he said .
Or the fact that Rwanda is simply the worst of the many agents and it is a US alley , he added .
Chomsky appeared to agree that the Goldstone report on the Gaza war was biased , but saw it as biased in favor of Israel .
The Goldstone report acknowledged Israel 's right to self - defense , although it denounced the methods that Israel used to achieve this goal .
Chomsky stressed that the right to self - defense does not mean resorting to military force before " exhausting peaceful means , " something Israel did not even contemplate doing .
In fact , Chomsky points out , it was Israel who broke the ceasefire with Hamas and refused to extend it , as continuing the siege of Gaza itself is an act of war .
As for the current stalled Mideast peace process , Chomsky said that despite adopting a tougher tone toward Israel than that of Bush , Obama made no real effort to pressure Israel to live up to its obligations .
In the absence of the threat of cutting U.S. aid for Israel , there is no compelling reason why Tel Aviv should listen to Washington .
What Can Be Done ?
Chomsky stressed that despite all the obstacles , public pressure can and does make a difference for the better , urging people to continue activism and spreading knowledge .
" There is no reason to be pessimistic , just realistic , " he said .
Chomsky noted that public opinion in the U.S. and Britain is increasingly becoming more aware of the crimes committed by Israel .
" Public opinion is shifting substantially , " he said .
And this is where a difference can be made , because Israel will not change its policies without pressure from the West .
" There is a lot to do in Western countries ... primarily in the U.S. , " Chomsky said .
Chomsky also stressed the importance of taking legal action in Western countries against companies breaking international law via illegitimate dealings with Israel , citing the possible involvement of British Gas in Israeli theft of natural gas off the coast of Gaza , as one example that should be investigated .
In conclusion of one of the lectures , Chomsky quoted Antonio Gramsci who famously called for " pessimism of the intellect , optimism of the will . "
Mamoon Alabbasi can be reached via : alabbasi@middle-east-online.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
10 Recipes We 're Loving This Week
No fuss , no frills , these are the 10 recipes that have got our tongues wagging this week .
He said visitor numbers were expected to be higher this year because it is the first such ceremony since the end of Nepal 's conflict in 2006 and he vowed to go ahead with the sacrifice despite the protests .
It is sad to see a once - thriving city deserted .
The heart - breaking sight of a handful of forlorn stragglers and struggling businesses remaining from what once was a bustling community makes us wonder , " why , why ? "
Only the most cold - hearted could be indifferent to the painful legacy of broken families , the receding memories of what once was , and hopelessness among the young .
Take this city in China , for example .
Oh wait ... sorry .... scratch that .
The city in that video has never been inhabited in the first place .
It was constructed by central planners to contain around one million people , but no one bothered to move there .
The video contains eerie shots of a few solitary construction workers driving down the empty streets between never - occupied buildings .
This is an example of why I am a skeptic of the China growth story .
A lot of the so - called GDP growth is spending by central planners that has no real economic value .
The reporter says that " a country can raise its GDP by spending more " , which is almost a tautology , since GDP counts spending .
But GDP growth does not necessarily mean real economic growth .
Real growth can only be accomplished by expanding the capital base , and that requires economic calculation by entrepreneurs who are risking loss of their own capital .
Just building a lot of physical stuff and counting the amount you spent is not the same thing .
The recent European elections saw all sorts of far - right parties making gains across the continent .
They ranged from right - wing populists and nationalists to outright fascists and neo -Nazis .
With no end to the recession in sight , and with social democratic parties often totally discredited , some on the left fear that we could all soon be crushed under the far right ’s jackboots .
But the picture of the far right across Europe is more subtle than that .
For every country where the far right picked up votes and won seats , there was another where they were hardly even noticed .
Of course , there is more to the far right than elections .
But it is winning elections that allows them to access the resources – and ‘ respectability ’ – to build mass organisations on the ground .
( The non-electoral far right may be vicious , but it is also tiny . )
If we are to fight the forces of the far right , we need to look at where they are strong and where they are weak – and , most important of all , ask : why ?
On the up
The highest vote for the far right in all of Europe – 17 per cent – was , remarkably , in the Netherlands .
Often considered a paradise of freedom and liberalism , the Netherlands has little history of voting for the far right ( although the anti-immigrant List Pim Fortuyn had made some gains in local elections before its leader was assassinated ) .
But this time around , the Partij voor de Vrijheid ( Freedom Party ) , led by Islamophobe extraordinaire Geert Wilders , came from nowhere to win four seats out of 25 .
How did that happen ?
After all , the party is entirely centred on one man , Wilders – it is not a mass movement and has few activists .
Wilders appears to have managed to build up his vote by manufacturing controversy and relentless self - publicising .
He gathered a following after the assassinations of Pim Fortuyn and filmmaker Theo Van Gogh , as well as frequent threats on his own life .
Wilders built on this by putting out the virulent anti-Muslim hate film Fitna and posing as a ‘ free speech ’ martyr whenever he was banned from showing it .
An attempt to prosecute him for hate speech backfired when the Freedom Party ’s poll ratings just rose even further .
Wilders paints himself as a sort of leftish - libertarian , concerned about ‘ extremist Muslims ’ who are against women ’s rights and so on .
He makes a point of enthusiastically supporting gay marriage .
He even calls himself an anti-fascist , claiming that the Koran is a ‘ fascist book ’ .
The growth of the Freedom Party shows no sign of relenting .
Gerrit de Wit of De Fabel van de illegaal ( ‘ The Myth of Illegality ’ ) says , ‘ The polls for the national elections in 2011 have shown for months now that the Freedom Party will be the biggest party .
They are only polls , but it ’s still quite scary .
Other parties in Holland are n’t able or willing to fight the Freedom Party – they ’d rather take some of its views in an attempt to win back voters . ’
Wilders was banned from visiting the UK for his hate speech .
But the question of the nature of Wilders and the Freedom Party is one that the Dutch media find much more difficult to grapple with .
René Danen of Nederland Bekent Kleur ( ‘ The Netherlands shows its colours ’ ) , points out that the media generally describes the Freedom Party as ‘ populist ’ rather than racist – even though Wilders has said that race riots are ‘ not necessarily a bad thing ’ , and that he wants to ‘ tear down the mosques ’ , ban Islamic schools and stop all immigration .
But Wilders ’ eclectic ideology , combined with the lack of party structure , has made it difficult for the left to confront him .
De Wit adds , ‘ Wilders is far right , extreme right , and sometimes he acts and talks like a fascist , but he ’s not a neo - Nazi . ’
Jeroen Bosch of Dutch anti-fascist group Alert contrasts Wilders with the more traditional far right .
Out - and - out Nazis are ‘ never allowed to rent a place for a meeting , have a public concert or a quiet demonstration , ’ he says .
‘ The neo - Nazis demonstrate roughly eight times a year and we meet them with counter - actions .
But Wilders is not a classical ultra - right extremist , which makes campaigning very difficult .
He uses parliament and the media as a platform to communicate with his electorate .
There is no party structure – he is the only member .
So there are hardly any meetings to picket or whatever . ’
The left has struggled to find new ways of confronting Wilders .
The Freedom Party is not an isolated case – it is just the most successful of the new , Islamophobic parties of the far right .
Another example is the Dansk Folkeparti ( Danish People ’s Party ) , which won 15 per cent of the vote in Denmark ( twice as much as in 2004 ) , going from one MEP to two .
The party has been making steady gains since it first won seats in the Danish parliament in 1998 , but its poll ratings rose sharply after another manufactured ‘ Muslims versus free speech ’ controversy : the ‘ Muhammad cartoons ’ published in the Jyllands - Posten newspaper .
Like the Freedom Party , the People ’s Party compares the Koran to Mein Kampf , draws parallels between the veil and the blackshirts , and opposes what it calls the ‘ Islamification ’ of society .
Party leader Pia Kjærsgaard says there is no east - west clash of civilisations because ‘ there is only one civilization , and that is ours .
The others want to implement ferocity , the primitive , the barbaric , the medieval ’.
The People ’s Party has found itself in an influential position as a ‘ kingmaker ’ in the Danish parliament , supporting the governing right - wing coalition but insisting on a hard line on immigration in order to do so .
The result of this has been that Denmark now has some of the strictest immigration laws in Europe .
Anne Nielsen of Denmark ’s SOS Against Racism says , ‘ The problem in Denmark now is not so much the extreme right parties , but more the fact that several political parties have been influenced by the Danish People ’s Party , which is a very xenophobic , anti-Muslim nationalist party .
They have succeeded in getting most of their xenophobic and discriminative policies into Danish law . ’
This strategy of inclusion and concessions has only helped the far right to grow .
The trend towards Islamophobia is also reflected in the UK , with the British National Party winning its two seats mainly by stirring up anti-Islamic tensions ( although Wilders claims the two parties have nothing in common , calling the BNP ‘ disgusting ’ ) .
The far right has always been able to shift its rhetoric to target the most recent wave of migrants , and in western Europe it is Muslims who are currently bearing the brunt of that .
Meanwhile , in eastern Europe , ‘ throwback ’ far - right parties hardly even bother to disguise their fascistic leanings , outright racism , Holocaust denial , homophobia and so on , combining ‘ traditional ’ anti-semitism with violence against Roma populations and demands for immigrants to be ‘ sent home ’ .
These are parties that are not afraid to form street militias and make Nazi salutes in public – something the likes of the BNP has long since shied away from .
The rise of the Jobbik party , which won three seats in Hungary ( see box , previous page ) , is by far the most frightening example .
And far right parties standing on similar anti-Roma platforms gained three seats apiece in Romania and Bulgaria , as well as one MEP in Slovakia .
A ragbag of other parties made gains across the continent .
Greece ’s Laïkós Orthódoxos Synagermós ( Popular Orthodox Rally , known as LAOS ) gained one MEP , taking it to two , on 7 per cent of the vote .
Many in LAOS are anti-semitic , homophobic and worse , and have been known to make ‘ Roman salutes ’ .
LAOS is split between its fascist and populist elements , but the party stands as part of an alliance with Chrysi Avyi ( Golden Dawn ) , an ‘ uncompromising ’
Nazi party which is widely believed to have infiltrated the Greek police .
Golden Dawn has openly called for , and been linked to , attacks on immigrants and the left .
In Austria , the Freiheitliche Partei Österreichs ( Austrian Freedom Party ) picked up two seats on 13 per cent of the vote – double the vote it got in 2004 , but nowhere near the dizzy heights of the 23 per cent the party reached in 1999 , shortly before it joined a coalition government .
The Freedom Party suffered from infighting brought on by the pressures of power and criticism from other countries ( many of which refused to work with the government ) , with the party effectively splitting along the lines of populists against the harder nationalist elements .
But it has been able to make a gradual recovery .
The Finnish Perussuomalaiset ( ‘ True Finns ’ ) is perhaps Europe ’s strangest far - right party , winning its first seat on 10 per cent of the vote – up from just 1 per cent and no seats in 2004 .
Formerly the Finnish Rural Party , it strenuously denies being part of the far right and does not even advocate anti-immigration policies ( probably because it does n’t need to – Finland already has a no- immigration policy ) .
Yet many of its members are openly racist , including former wrestler Tony Halme , one of its best known candidates , and the party ’s name is based on the fact that it wants to put ‘ true Finns first ’ .
It advocates a sort of back - to - the - 1950s set of policies and has most of its support base among pensioners .
The most confusing picture , though , is in Italy .
Italy has an incredible array of fascist and fascistic parties for voters to choose from , and probably the most diverse far right of any in Europe .
Some would argue that Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi is himself a creature of the far right – his party , through various mergers , includes many one - time Mussolini supporters in senior positions .
Italy ’s Lega Nord ( Northern League ) – another part of Berlusconi ’s ‘ fascism - lite ’ government alliance – now has nine MEPs ( up from four ) , the highest number of seats of any far - right party in Europe .
It gained 10 per cent of the vote , double what it got in 2004 .
The Northern League is keen to distance itself from fascism , but that did n’t stop it from getting openly fascist Gianni Alemanno elected as its candidate for mayor of Rome .
The rise of the right has seen anti-Roma pogroms sweep the country .
Another Northern League mayor banned poor , homeless and unemployed people from living in the town of Cittadella , in the Veneto region , and organised volunteer ‘ security patrols ’ that bore more than a passing resemblance to fascist paramilitaries .
As part of Berlusconi ’s coalition government , the League managed to get the state to turn away boats full of asylum seekers , sending them back to take their chances with Libya ’s authoritarian regime .
But at the same time as the Northern League was gaining seats , the hardcore neo -Nazis of Forza Nuova ( New Force ) and Movimento Sociale Fiamma Tricolore ( Tricolour Flame ) lost their two MEPs .
Confusing , ever - shifting alliances and splits , combined with the populist appeal of the League , drove down their vote .
Going down
While the far - right is advancing across must of Europe , there is another side to the story .
In France , the Front National , once Europe ’s largest fascist party , was reduced to a rump .
And in Belgium , another of the most established parties , Vlaams Belang ( ‘ Flemish Interest ’ , formerly Vlaams Blok ) also suffered a significant setback when it lost one of its seats , cutting it down to two MEPs .
The name change from Vlaams Blok to Vlaams Belang came after the party was prosecuted for violating anti-racism laws in 2004 – a move that meant it would lose all state funding and access to television broadcasts .
Vlaams realised that it could get around the ban by reconstituting itself with a new name and some slightly less racist policies in its manifesto .
Vlaams appears to have suffered since the ruling , with its vote falling from 23 per cent in 2004 to 16 per cent this year .
But the Belgian far right should n’t be written off yet .
It has historically derived its strength from its connection to the Flemish independence movement – a movement that has lasted 150 years and counting .
Vlaams is so entrenched that the anti-fascist movement does not seem to hold out much hope of inflicting a final defeat on it .
Anti-fascists end up relying on the other parties to operate a ‘ cordon sanitaire ’ around Vlaams Belang ( refusing to make any alliances with it ) .
Patrick Coeman , of Belgium ’s AntiFaNet , says , ‘ Vlaams Belang has a state income of six million euros per year .
It employs a hundred people .
We are working with peanuts – we ’ve lost the battle , because the big money rules .
We have no impact on it .
They lost a lot of votes , but they went to two new right - wing parties . ’
Going nowhere ?
Thirteen of the 27 EU countries – almost half – did not elect a single far - right MEP : Cyprus , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Germany , Ireland , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Malta , Poland , Portugal , Slovenia , Spain and Sweden .
But that does not mean that half of Europe is Nazi - free .
Fascist parties across Europe organise occasional violence whether or not they get elected – from anti-Roma attacks in the Czech Republic to violence at gay pride marches in Sweden .
Europe ’s largest and strongest extra-parliamentary Nazi movement is in Germany , where there are an estimated 50,000 active neo -Nazis scattered across five different groups .
Nazis are thought to have murdered more than a hundred people in the last decade .
In four countries – Cyprus , Estonia , Ireland and Luxembourg – the far right appears to have no electoral organisation at all , failing to even put up any candidates in the Euro elections .
Ireland ’s only far - right party , the Immigration Control Platform , was one that stayed out of the Euro elections altogether .
It did stand in a by - election in Dublin Central , but was humiliated , winning only 614 votes ( 2.1 per cent ) .
Meanwhile the Labour Party picked up three more MEPs , and the genuinely left - wing Socialist Party won one as well .
The failure of the far right to build a viable independent political force in Ireland begs many questions .
But the Republic ’s political history is such that for the moment , at least , it is the left that stands to benefit from people ’s dissatisfaction with the mainstream parties .
One party that is trying to build a presence in Ireland is Libertas – the pan-European party that , while not quite fascist or racist in itself , has made alliances with far - right parties across Europe .
Founded by Irish multi-millionaire Declan Ganley , a key figure in the campaign against the Lisbon Treaty , Libertas contested 531 seats across Europe ( out of 785 in total in the parliament ) – the biggest united populist right challenge ever .
So how many seats did they win ?
One .
Libertas ’s only elected MEP is Philippe de Villiers of Mouvement pour la France , who is often described as far right and is infamous for his anti-Islamic views .
And his election was not a victory for the Mouvement so much as the party only just managing to cling on – it had 3 MEPs in the last parliament .
In Poland , Libertas managed to lead one of Europe ’s biggest far - right parties ( in terms of MEPs ) to total wipeout – Liga Polskich Rodzin ( the League of Polish Families ) , an anti-semitic party , went from ten seats to zero after a split .
In - fighting : the far right ’s fatal weakness
Overall , the far right may have increased its total seat count , but the balance of populist versus fascist forces is now such that the likes of the BNP will find alliances very difficult .
As ideologies , nationalism and xenophobia do not lend themselves well to transnational coalitions .
Much of the far right is not in elections for their own sake , so much as to gain a veneer of respectability and – more importantly – funding for their street - level organisations , but maximising that funding requires them to make deals with ‘ foreign ’ parties .
How many seats the far right has depends on your definitions , but it is somewhere between 30 and 40 .
So it must be galling for them to have been so internally divided that they have not even been able to come up with the alliance of 25 MEPs from seven countries needed to get funding as a recognised grouping in the European Parliament .
The parties that are strong enough to be part of governmental alliances , or believe they soon will be , do not want to be seen hanging around with fascists – Italy ’s Northern League , the Dutch Freedom Party and the Danish People ’s Party have all refused to play ball with the rest of the far right , realising it could prove dangerous to their more mainstream appeal .
There are ideological splits as well
As Jeroen Bosch of Alert in the Netherlands notes , ‘ For the neo - Nazis , Geert Wilders [ Dutch Freedom Party ] is a friend of Israel , so they do n’t hook up . ’
The anti-Islamic parties such as the Dutch Freedom Party and Danish People ’s Party tend to be enthusiastically pro-Israel – a position that does not please the ‘ old school ’ anti-semitic parts of the far right .
And western nationalist parties generally regard eastern Europeans as ‘ immigrants and criminals ’ , while the eastern European far right is virulently anti-Hungarian – with the exception of Hungary ’s Jobbik party , which pledges to defend ethnic Hungarians everywhere .
It was these kinds of tensions that brought down the last attempt at a pan-European far - right alliance , Identity Tradition Sovereignty ( ITS ) , which lasted 11 months in 2007 .
The group included MEPs from Italy , France , Austria , Bulgaria and Romania , as well as one from Britain ( a former UK Independence Party member ) .
Alessandra Mussolini ( granddaughter of the dictator ) , at the time an MEP for Italy ’s Social Alternative , said in a newspaper interview that ‘ breaking the law has become a way of life for Romanians ’ – much to the offence of the five MEPs from the Greater Romania Party , who promptly left the alliance .
It then no longer had enough members to carry on as an official parliament group .
In other words , an alliance of xenophobes was brought down by its own xenophobia .
This time around , the BNP ’s ‘ informal ’ group has thus far only been able to attract 12 MEPs – themselves , Front National , Jobbik , Vlaams Belang and Attack ( Bulgaria ) .
The Greater Romania Party appears to have been excluded because of the fallout from the collapse of ITS – but it was the collapse of France ’s National Front , which has tended to provide the backbone of alliances in the past , that put the final nail in the coffin .
The schism between far - right populists and open neo -fascists will potentially lose the parties of extreme reaction as much as a million euros a year in funding for staff , office costs and publications .
On the other hand , each MEP will anyway still get paid thousands of euros a month that they can use to build their organisations bigger and stronger – not just for the next election , but out in the ‘ real world ’ too .
So how do we stop them ?
The rise of the far right , all things taken together , is not huge – and the 2009 European parliament will have fewer outright fascists than in 2004 .
It is right - wing populism that has been the main beneficiary of the surge in far - right voting .
This represents the neo - Nazis ’ failure to use the economic crisis to their advantage .
At the same time , the percentage increase in the far - right vote is significant – 50 per cent more voters cast a vote for the far right in 2009 than in 2004 .
And the situation in a few individual countries is nothing short of terrifying .
The Netherlands demonstrates that where ‘ anti-Islamic ’ rhetoric is not challenged and unmasked as the flimsy disguise for racism that is , it can grow .
And Hungary shows that we should not imagine outright Nazism is dead in the 21st century .
Where ‘ mainstream ’ parties have shied away from confronting the far right , preferring to soft - pedal it , incorporate it and try to solve its grievances through policymaking , it has grown .
The far right craves respectability and legitimacy – so the left does best when it is able to hold the line against the establishment ’s temptation to give in .
Far - right parties are , in the final analysis , dogged by their own infighting and internal contradictions .
A broad coalition can be held together by power , or the promise of power .
But failure and the feeling of retreat brings with it financial pressure and splits over strategy and tactics .
A few important defeats can rapidly unravel and destroy parties that are based on nothing but hate and opportunism .
The role of anti-fascists can be to bring these divisions to the fore – by humiliating the far right , demoralising them , and hounding them off the streets .
Ultimately , the appeal of the far right needs to be countered by a credible left alternative capable of defending the jobs , homes , and services of people from all backgrounds from neoliberal attacks .
But where there is little in the way of such a movement , there needs to be a full debate about the most effective way to defeat the far right .
It is a debate that needs to be informed by the lessons from those places where the far right has made gains , and where they have been successfully held back , in order to defeat the fascists .
Hungary :
The march of Jobbik
Jobbik Magyarországért Mozgalom ( the Movement for a Better Hungary ) won three seats at the election on 14.8 per cent of the vote .
The far - right party came third overall in Hungary , not far behind the ruling centre - left Socialist party , which is currently running a minority government .
Jobbik is , to put it bluntly , a scary organisation .
Its campaign focused almost entirely on attacking the Roma population over supposed ‘ gypsy crime ’ , and proclaiming that ‘ Hungary belongs to the Hungarians ’ .
Unlike the softer populist far right that made gains elsewhere in Europe , Jobbik is an obviously neo -Nazi party .
Its leader , Gábor Vona , is also the leader of a militia called the Magyar Gárda ( Hungarian Guard ) that openly operates as Jobbik ’s armed wing .
It marches through the streets wearing black uniforms with the symbols of the Hungary ’s second world war era pro-Nazi government ( Jobbik says it is just ‘ traditional Hungarian clothing ’ ) .
The Guard was recently declared illegal , but is still openly organising anti-Roma and Holocaust denial marches .
Five Roma have been murdered in the past few months .
( Jobbik claims the murders were committed by ‘ other gypsies ’. )
Gay , women ’s and socialist groups have also been attacked .
Jobbik and the Hungarian Guard are making inroads into the police force , where they appear to believe they can find recruits .
In April , they gained control of the Independent Police Trade Union – a union that represents 5,000 members , or 10 per cent of the police force .
The police union ’s leader is a Jobbik candidate , Judit Szima , who has called for an ‘ armed battle ’ against Jews and Roma .
‘ We should expect a Hungarian - gypsy civil war , ’ she wrote in the union ’s newsletter , Prepared for Action , ‘ fomented by Jews as they rub their hands together with pleasure . ’
The Hungarian Guard has managed to attract hundreds of recruits and crowds of thousands at its rallies , and it has won some support from sections of the mainstream conservative opposition , Fidesz .
Fidesz MPs have attended Hungarian Guard rallies , and the party has refused to condemn the racist paramilitary force .
It has even formed coalitions with Jobbik in some local councils .
Hungarian democracy is still relatively new and unstable – it is only 20 years since the end of the ‘ communist ’ regime there , and the government is still dominated by corrupt former Stalinists .
Since the election they have started to crack down on the Hungarian Guard , only for Jobbik to vow : ‘ We will retaliate . ’
Things could quickly turn nasty .
Jobbik is a close ally of the British National Party .
It should be a standing retort to those who argue that the BNP ’s ‘ Nazi past ’ does n’t matter .
France : Collapse of the Front National
The Front National is one of Europe ’s longest - established far - right parties , founded in 1972 by Holocaust denier and anti-semite Jean - Marie Le Pen and a group of second world war Nazi collaborators .
It has long acted as a leader among the European far right , initiating the Euronat alliance of European fascist parties among other initiatives .
It claims a membership of 75,000 – huge compared to , for example , the BNP ’s 10,000 .
The Front National might have never got far if it was n’t for avid supporter Hubert Lambert dying in 1977 , leaving Le Pen a multi-million franc fortune ( and a castle , too ) .
The party got its first MEP elected back in 1984 and used that extra funding to further build up its organisation .
By 1997 it was running four local councils .
But Front National administrations were characterised by staffing cuts , massive expenditure on police and outright corruption .
They used local libraries as political weapons , banning left - wing newspapers and authors and ordering the purchase of far - right literature instead .
Voters did not take long to turn against such petty dictators .
At its peak in the mid to late 1990s , the Front National was getting more than 10 per cent of the French vote – enough for 11 MEP seats .
This year , its vote collapsed to 6.3 per cent , leaving it with just three MEPs – the fewest it has had since it started standing .
In July the party had a chance to win its first town hall for seven years when Marine Le Pen ( the veteran FN leader ’s daughter ) reached the runoff vote in the town of Hénin - Beaumont in industrial northern France .
In the end , though , an alliance of every other party was enough to defeat her – although only by a narrow margin .
Under first - past - the - post , Marine Le Pen would have won comfortably : in the first round she had 40 per cent of the vote to the eventual winner ’s 20 per cent .
But France ’s runoff system makes it easy for people to vote anti-fascist in the final round , just as millions did in the presidential election in 2002 .
The collapse of the Front National is not just a matter of electoral mathematics , though – it is also a reflection of the growing strength of France ’s working - class movements .
Instead of the far right being able to pick up support from people ’s dissatisfaction with neoliberalism , in France it is the left that has seized the initiative .
There may have been no breakthrough yet for the Nouveau Parti Anticapitaliste ( New Anti-capitalist Party ) , but it is clear that it is on an upward trajectory .
Meanwhile , the Front National appears to have had its progress checked .
Y2 Kyoto : As God Is My Witness , I Thought Polar Bears Could Fly
" Two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ; and I 'm not sure about the former . "
- Albert Einstein
h/t R. Black
Posted by Kate at November 21 , 2009 2:56 PM
This comes via Deal Book at the New York Times .
The company ’s chief executive , Fritz Henderson , called the repayment plan “ a personal commitment . ”
The Obama administration , wardens of the 60 percent taxpayer stake in the company , declared itself “ encouraged ” by the news .
Many commentators followed suit .
But in the premature rush to herald the beginning of the end of the government ’s involvement in the auto industry , a number of key considerations were left out , Edward Niedermayer , the editor of The Truth About Cars , writes in an op -ed in The New York Times .
For starters , $ 6.7 billion does n’t begin to scratch the surface of what G.M. actually owes us .
Over the past 12 months , the Treasury has given it some $ 52 billion in the form of cash , loans and the purchase of that 60 percent of the company ’s post - bankruptcy equity .
And that number fails to take into account the two bailouts of G.M. ’s former lending arm , GMAC , or the $ 3 billion spent on the “ cash for clunkers program , ” which doubtless kept the company from posting even deeper losses .
Moreover , G.M. is not , in the strictest sense , paying back taxpayers at all .
Rather , it is refunding $ 6.7 billion of an $ 18 billion escrow account that was given to it by the government when it emerged from bankruptcy .
The rest of that account will be used to cover fourth - quarter losses ( including $ 2.8 billion pledged for the rescue of G.M. ’s major parts supplier , Delphi ) , repay loans from the Canadian government , and possibly prop up the automaker ’s shaky European operations .
That escrow account is due to expire in June , at which time G.M. will repay what remains of the $ 6.7 billion from this week ’s pledge — and then pocket the estimated $ 5.6 billion remainder .
This post echoes comments I wrote at the time in my post “ Why GM is repaying bailout money while it is still loss - making ” when I said :
Meanwhile , in what should be seen as a PR move , General Motors has also announced it will begin repaying government money .
The first $ 1 billion to be repaid in December .
The company will make $ 1 billion payments to the U.S. government and $ 200 million payments to the Canadian government every quarter .
It has said it could repay all the aid money by 2011 , four years ahead of schedule .
Presumably , this does not include the equity government stakes which can be sold on in the open market in an I.P.O.
Given the fact that General Motors is still losing money , it would make sense for them to delay repayment .
However , I reckon they are going to repay early in order to tamp down criticism about their government - funded bailout .
Obviously , a lot of people were fooled that GM was repaying anything .
It ’s pure smoke and mirrors designed for public relations .
The fact is GM is completely dependent on both government largesse and a global recovery in order to make its story work .
Fritz Henderson mentioned in the flurry of announcements that he was more concerned with the top line than cutting costs .
For that strategy to work , GM has to sell more cars or sell cars at a higher average price or both .
To do so , recovery must be sustainable , which I do n’t believe it is .
Meanwhile in Europe , GM has backed out of the Magna deal with the German government .
The Financial Times Deutschland believes they have done so in part to extract a better deal from other European governments which are chomping at the bit to save jobs in their own countries .
The UK is said by German magazine Spiegel to have offered 400 million Euros in aid .
Spain wants to pitch in with 300 - 400 million .
Poland has offered tax breaks of indeterminate size .
And Belgium is also in the running with their own package .
All of this could add up to about 1.3 billion Euros .
However , Spiegel reports that the Opel head works council does not even believe the company can be turned around .
In quoting works council member Klaus Franz , Spiegel said :
The existing plans call for GM to reduce fixed costs in Europe by 30 percent and capacity by 20 to 25 percent .
The American company expects the Opel - Vauxhall turnaround will cost 3.3 billion euro .
" I have no idea how they expect to be able to raise the two billion Euros on their own . ”
We know where the money is coming from ; it is coming from the $ 18 billion escrow GM has courtesy of the U.S. government and taxpayers .
This is a case in which U.S. taxpayers are funding European jobs .
It ’s as simple as that .
You noticed that GM is cutting capacity in Europe 20 - 25 percent .
That ’s a smart move because the world is awash in automotive productive capacity .
However , massive bailouts only distort market mechanisms and artificially support this excess capacity .
So it should come as no surprise that Volkswagen is increasing production .
While this increase is mostly in China , this is prima facie evidence that we are not likely to see enough reduction in global automotive production as each individual country looks to protect its workers .
Every country is bidding to prop up its own domestic production facilities in an effort to save jobs at a time when the economy is still weak .
This will keep excess capacity afloat in the auto sector such that when the next downturn hits , we are likely to witness more trouble in this sector .
GM is actively pitting these countries against one another to extract the most in subsidies , using U.S. taxpayer money to float its operations as it does so .
The phony taxpayer repayment has to be seen against this backdrop .
The U.S. and Canadian governments have invested over $ 60 billion in GM .
GM had a market capitalization at a 2000 bubble peak of $ 57 billion .
Yet , according to the New York Times article , equity from a planned I.P.O. would have to be worth $ 66 billion , an even higher market capitalization .
I seriously question whether this money will ever be repaid in full .
This is what happens when you bailout bankrupt companies .
Expect the same in the wonderful world of finance too .
Sources
G.M. Is Taking Taxpayers for a Ride – Deal Book
Opel - Länder starten Subventionswettrennen – FTD
Mercedes - Manager soll Opel - Chef werden – Spiegel
Opel - Betriebsrat traut GM Sanierung nicht zu – Spiegel
Volkswagen to invest billions to increase production – BBC News
VW planerar miljardinvesteringar – Dagens Nyheter
Cern 's particle collider aims to recreate conditions of the Big Bang France has arrested a researcher at the European Organization for Nuclear Research ( Cern ) for suspected links with al - Qaeda , officials have said .
The 32 - year - old man of Algerian descent was one of two brothers detained in the south - east town of Vienne on Thursday .
Police believe they had been in contact over the internet with people linked to al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , and had been planning attacks in France .
Cern 's Large Hadron Collider is aiming to recreate conditions of the Big Bang .
The organisation confirmed that a physicist working at its site had been arrested " under suspicion of links to terrorist organisations " , and said it was helping the French police with their investigation .
Perhaps we have avoided the worst
Brice Hortefeux
French Interior Minister
" He was not a Cern employee and performed his research under a contract with an outside institute .
His work did not bring him into contact with anything that could be used for terrorism , " it said .
The suspect had been working on the LHC Beauty ( LHCb ) experiment , which is investigating the slight differences between matter and anti-matter by studying a type of particle called the " beauty quark " .
Cern , a civilian organisation backed by 20 member states , is Europe 's leading laboratory for the study of the fundamentals of sub-atomic physics .
It is based on the Franco - Swiss border just outside Geneva .
' Permanent danger '
The two brothers were detained for questioning on Thursday in Vienne , a town on the River Rhone about 100 km ( 65 miles ) south - west of Cern 's laboratory , by security service officers acting on a warrant from an anti-terrorist magistrate .
Judicial sources told the AFP news agency on Friday that agents had come across the men during a separate inquiry into the recruitment of would - be Islamist militants who wanted to fight in Afghanistan .
The physicist had exchanged messages over the internet with people known to be close to the organisation al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and expressed a desire to carry out attacks , but had " not got to the stage of carrying out material acts of preparation " , one said .
It is not yet known to what extent , if any , his 25 - year - old brother was involved .
Two computers , three hard drives and several USB storage devices were removed from the brothers ' home after their arrest .
" The inquiry will doubtless establish what the targets were in France or elsewhere , and perhaps indicate that we have avoided the worst , " French Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux told journalists .
" We are in a situation of permanent alert .
We follow statements made by the leaders of certain organisations day by day .
We never let our guard down .
The danger is permanent , " he added .
Al - Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb emerged in early 2007 , after the Algerian militant group , the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat ( GSPC ) , aligned itself with Osama Bin Laden 's international network .
The group claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing at the French embassy in Mauritania in August which wounded three people .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Löhne in Indien Wettbieten um die besten Köpfe
Indien gilt als Billiglohnland .
Doch bei SAP und einigen anderen Techkonzernen sieht man das inzwischen anders - sie klagen , die indischen Löhne seien oft zu hoch .
Tatsächlich treiben die Multis beim Werben um qualifizierte Kräfte die Gehälter mächtig nach oben .
